reo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
£6tb Conc-.Ist Sbss.
Independent Treasury—-Mr. Cashing.
H. ot Reps.
receipts which may grow up out of the operations
of the Treasury.
Whilst in all these particulars the commerce of the
country derives little aid from the financial schemes
of the Administration, and is on the contrary greatly
obstructed and injured by them, in another respect,
also, it suffers infinitely under the policy of the Gov-
ernment. Confidence and credit, which are the
basis of all prosperous commerce, are struck at di-
rectly by the Administration, in the holding of so
ranch public treasure, which, under this bill, is to be
locked up in the vaults of the Treasury, and so with-
drawn from business, either for direct use, or for use
 ' a basis of bank issues; contrary to the opinion
expressed by General Jackson himself, in one of his
messages, to the effect that locking up the public
treasure in this way is a positive wrong done to the
people. Confidence and credit are struck at indi-
rectly by the Administration in the destructive and
radical doctrines which many of its partisans utter,
alarming capitalists, and checking then* operations;
as also in those many of the acts or declarations of
the Administration denunciatory of the banks, which
are thus held in perpetual terror of runs for specie,
of the withdrawal of their charters, and of bankrupt
laws for their particular destruction. Commercial
credit is also struck at by the Administration direct-
ly, and at the tenderest point; in the wild declama-
tion of its partisans against the use of borrowed cap-
ital : the strangest of all things to come from pro-
fessors of democracy, since credit is the only means
by which the industrious and enterprising poor man
is able to trade at all, and without which all the gains
of commerce would be monopolized by rich capital-
ists alone, instead of being diffused through the com-
munity wherever industry and integrity exist, as
they have been and will be under the influence of
any just and proper system of confidence and credit,
unembarrassed by the crudities of a mischief-making
Government.
But eminent advocates of the Administration are
found, who claim for this bill the merit of being a
boon to the productive industry of the country, who
urge this as among the objects to be promoted by it,
and the motives for its enactment. Though the cur-
rency is disordered by the policy of the Administra-
tion, and exchanges too; and though the internal
commerce of the country is in a most languishing
state; and kgiietdttore and mmtt&ciuie, which arc so
dependent on commerce, suffer in its train; yet this
bill is to advance the productive industry of the
United States. And how ? By reducing, or tend-
ing to reduce, the cost of production, which is one
day said to be advantageous to the planter, and the
next to the manufacturer.
Now, supposing any stich advantage to accrue
from the operation qf this bill on currency and bank
paper, (which is the argument;) to whose particular
profit is it to inure? Plainly to that of the manufac-
turer-capitalist, and the planter-capitalist, at the ex-
pense of the laborers hired or employed by each;
that is, of the great mass of the community. The
capitalist-undertaker, whether in planting or manu-
facture, is to get hi  work done cheaper, and thus
to have the eost price of the article raised or manu-
factured less. Thus, the merchant is to have a ship
built cheaper, not by obtaining at any less price the
foreign hemp, iron, sail-cloth, and copper, which
constitute so large a part in cost of all her materials,
but by paying less to the carpenters. This, and this
alone, is the result of reducing the cost of production
to a specie standard. 80 of an invoice of goods
manufactured, or any thing else ; the production is
to cost less to the capitalist, by the mechanics receiv-
ing less, under a specie currency, or an approxima-
tion to that. I put it to gentlemen to speak out, and
say whether this be not the true mode in which a
reduction of the cost of production will work; and, if
so, whether this be just and equal, and for the good
of the many.
But I may be asked, if this be the operation of the
bill, why do not the capitalists, north and south,
unite in the support of it 7 I reply for my constitu-
ents, that they would disdain to receive from the
Government a supposed benefit, which is to the gen-
eral prejudice of the community as a body, in the
general injury of which they would lose more in the
end than they would gain by the supposed advantage
to themselves in the beginning. Nor do they believe
that, in the long run, any advantage is to accrue to
them separately. Their best interest is in the pros-
perity of the whole community. Though, by the
payment of all duties in specie, the relative amount
of the protecting duty on manufactures were to be
in a small degree augmented, and the cost of pro-
duction some little diminished by the reduction of
the price of labor to a specie standard, yet the manu-
facturer, or other producer, is no better off than be-
fore, without there be regular and equal exchanges
and currency with which to carry on his operations,
and without there be such general prosperity of all
branches of business as may ensure to him a steady
demand for consumption, and a consequent steady
market for the sale of his merchandise.
It remains only that I advert to the question,
whether, whatever may bo the ulterior and inciden-
tal objects of the Administration, be these good or
bad, they will be attained by the passage of this bill.
Does the Administration really desire to accom-
plish those objects—any of them; and, if bo, which
of them'! I profess that I cannot tell. Its own
precise ends are so covered up in the obscurity of
mere generalities, and of intangible abstractions, now
swinging over towards the specie currency school,
and now again back to the bank interest, that I doubt
whether it knows itself at what mark it would have
the pendulum to rest. For instance: would the Ad-
ministration destroy bank corporations ? When I
see how prone its friends are to grow rabid and al-
most foam at the mouth at the very name of a bank—
when I reflect that declamation against banks consti-
tutesjthe staple ofall they say—and when I call to mind
the wild visions of a general specie currency, which
some of the more zealous, or it may be the more sin-
cere of its friends have entertained and avowed—at
such times I might suppose that it intended to make
! I root and branch work with all banks whatever; for,
otherwise, the effusion of so much wordy fury against
them is idle, absurd, undignified, and unjust. But
theu, on the other hand, the President tells us that
he has never doubted the utility of banks. Again :
while some of the friends of the Administration are
thus frantic in their denunciation of banks, others
are found who take pains to assure us that they
have no sentiments of hostility whatever toward -
those institutions. Nay, as I mentioned ^before, it
happens that not a few ef those States which give
utterance, ftutmgh their State Governments ot their
Representatives here, to the greatest quantity of bank
denunciation, are themselves, as States, inseparably
identified with banks of their own. What conclu-
sion is a plain man to come to, under such circum-
stances, as to that which the Administration really
intends ?
But if the Administration really intends to pro-
scribe banks and bank paper, as this bill professes,
and as the words (but not the acts) of its friends
declare, and if its object be to effect a "currency
reform," has it the power to do this? Can it stand
the shock of individual interests? Will it dare to
enter into conflict with the power of the States, so
many of which are directly and largely interested in
banks? Will those States consent to a bankrupt law,
for instance, to embrace their banks? I doubt it.
Some affect to believe this; but I do not. In a word,
too many of the objects behind this bill, which are
professed by the friends of the Administration, are
morally, politically, and physically impracticable,
and too evidently so, for me to repose much trust in
the good faith of the measure.
And if this Administration is bent upon the ac-
complishment of those ulterior objects, the discus-
sion of which is by so many of its friends associated
with this bill, will it continue in power long enough
to effect them? This is a question which time only
can determine.
Certain it is, that some of the most intelligent
friends of the Administration begin themselves to
betray a distrust of the efficacy of this bill for an ul-
terior good, by the- language in which they deny its
efficiency for evil. Thus, the Boston Morning Post,
a principal Administration journal in the East, says,
recently:
"The Government has now no deposites, and has
made none for a long time; and it matters little
where the few scattering dollars unexpended are
kept.   They have had, and can have, no effect upon
the country, one way or the other."
And the Democratic Review, in the last number,
says:
"Though the immediate influence of this reform
upon the currency of the country will be but slight,
notwithstanding the most exaggerated views taken of
it by both friends and foes, yet, upon the future ac-
tion of the Government, it will impress itself with
an offect as potent as salutary."
Here is the distinct avowal that the immediate in-
fluence of this measure on the currency will be but
slight; and that the views of his friends, as well as
foes, are most exaggerated. I sometimes incline to
this opinion myself. It corresponds with a view of
the subject which has been very ably and forcibly pre-
sented by Mr. Charles F. Adams, son of my colleague,
in several publications of his, which charge upon the
Administration, as its great fault in the matter, its
culpable abnegation of the just powers of the Fede-
ral Government in this behalf, and its consequent
total abandonment of its duty to the people. For,
after so many years' discussion of this measure by
the Administration, it seems now to be chiefly used
by it as a mere stalking-horse of party, and as an
instrument of party ascendency. In this respect,
the Democratic Review is right in saying that upon
the future action of the Government, if successful, it
will impress itself with potent effect; whether a salu-
tary one, is another question, and depends upon
canses and influences wholly beyond the control of
this or of any other Administration.
For, even upon the premises assumed by the
Administration, and conceding all it asks, the utility
of the measure, or rather, the more or less quantity
of mischief in it depends, in the first place, on the
singleness and integrity of purpose of its administra-
tors and the abjuration of all party influences by
them; and when was there a time that this Adminis-
tion was disposed, or, if disposed, was able, to act
independently of party considerations and with a
single eye to the good of the country? And the
more or less of mischief that it may do depends, also,
upon the state of the Treasury. Consider what
would be the condition of the country, if we had a
large surplus revenue locked up in the Treasury
ults. It would withdraw all specie from circulation.
NOTÍs~~Trñrt-<ai imaginary evil. Whatever disposi-
tion Congress or tnr rTfrrntiTo may hare to keep
the revenues down to the expenditures, and to~K6ep
the latter as low as possible, that is a problem the
equation of which was never yet found for a length
of time by any Government. Nothing is of more dif-
culty than to predict the precise quantity of revenue
derivable from a given state of taxation. Sometimes
a high rate of impost diminishes importation so as
to dry up the revenue from a given article; and
sometimes a low rate of duty augments the importa-
tion so as to make the aggregate of tax received on
it large beyond all anticipation. Mr. Woodbury
himself, on one occasion, (report of December, 1934,)
with all the lights which the Treasury Department
possesses on this subject, erred in his calculations to
the amount of the difference between twenty mil-
lions and thirty-five millions, in the revenue of a
single year. And though, in the remarks which I
have been making on this bill, I have assumed, for
argument's sake, the correctness of the President's
idea that the amount of specie which this bill is to
lock up in ordinary years will be only five millions,
yet I greatly distrust that calculation. For the
amount of public deposites in the United States
Bank, and afterwards in the State banks, greatly ex-
ceeded this, for a long series of years. (Senate Doc.
1st scss. 23d Cong. No. 16, p. 5; House Doc. 2d
sess. 24th Cong. No. 77.)
Suppose, then, a large amount of revenue on;
hand, and this in bad hands, in the custody of per-
sons disposed to use the Treasury for purposes of in-
fluence and power. In such hands, and in such
circumstances, the power conferred by the bill would
be stupendous. It would give to the Administra-
tion, which might choose so to employ it, control
over all the business of the country, and, by the com-
bination of political power and money power, fix
and establish that administration in the possession
of the Federal Government. One cause of the fail-
ure of the State bank deposite system) and perhaps
