Jone, 1840.
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
761
Independent Treasury—Mr. White.
H. of Reps.
the chief cause, was its being not only mal-adminis-
tered, but mixed up with the interests of party and
of power. What is to prevent the same personal
interests and party passions from fastening them-
selves on this system, to accomplish the same felfish
ends! Nothing, so long as the same men and the
same motives direct the councils of the Federal Go-
vernment
The Administration, it may be, has a majority of
members here disposed to pass this bill; though
whether that majority is not obtained by the chance
result of a question of returns, and whether it repre-
sents a majority of the people of the United States,
remains to be seen. For this measure is now under
discussion before the people, who are becoming fully
awake to the importance of the questions involved
in it, and will themselves pass judgment thereon at
the coming elections. Mr. Van Buren has staked
his political fortunes upon this measure. Would
not his friends best consult his and their interests,
and the welfare of the country, by leaving the fate ot
this bill to be decided by the people themsehes,
instead of endeavoring to forestall their judgment1
The may hope to gain something, in a party view,
by the passage of the bill now, in the expectation
that it will immediately produce a settled state in
the relations of business. I think, in this, they are
mistaken, if such be their expectation. I myself
have been half inclined at times to say to the Ad-
ministration. Pass your bill; fix your Independent
Treasury and Independent Currency upon the coun-
try; take the money empire to which you aspire, if
that will content you, so that the business interests
of men may be relieved from the anxiety and sus-
pense of this never-ceasing political agitation, and
give us a certainty at last, though it be the certainty
even of death itself to the industry and enterprise of
the country. But, on further reflection, I saw clear-
ly that, if the bill passes, it does not give to business
men even this poor benefit, of at length knowing
their fate; for its passage brings no certainty with it.
It will not aid the suspended banks to resume, for
instance. Pennsylvania, Alabama, and Mississippi
—these, or any other States, will not be restored by
it to a sound and steady currency. Nay, General
Jackson tells the whole nation, in his recent letter to
the Ohio committee, that "an end to the evils of a
depreciated paper currency" is to be reached, not by
the establishment of the Independent Treasury only,
but when, "in addition to this reform in our finan-
cial system," Congress shall, "at the same time,
ptBi a general bankrupt law," embracing both "the
banks which are now in existence, or may be hereaf-
ter chartered by the States."
So that we are not to see land until that event hap-
pens. Will this Congress pass such a bankrupt
law! Ask those of the. States which are identified
with their banks, whether they stand ready to pass
under a commission of bankruptcy. If they can bear
the operation, we in the specie paying States can
well doit. And if a commission of bankruptcy is to
isssue, to wind up and distribute the effect, of those
banks, which, in the words of the letter just quoted,
"refuse to redeem their notes in specie," I ask gentle-
men in the Middle and Southern States, from Penn-
sylvania to Georgia, in how short a time that opera-
tion can be completed! In three months! No, nor
in three years. And meantime, whilst all the sus-
pended banks are in the custody of commissioners of
bankruptcy winding up their affairs, what becomes
of the business of the country! Will that enjoy the
repose and certainty which some gentlemen promise
to themselves is to follow the enactment of this law7
We know that, on the contrary, there will be such
a crash and confusion of all business interests in the
performance of that operation as this country has
never yet witnessed.
/ Apart from all which, there is the question,
whether in the course of a few months, a new Admi-
nistration may not come in, either to admininister
this law with feelings and purposes different from
those of its author, or, it may be, to repeal it, before
a new set of interests shall have had time to gather
themselves around it. Under these circumstances, it
is clear that the mere passage of this bill cannot pro-
duce any such settled condition of business as to aid
the present Administration at the pollb, or to justify
the Opposition in voluntarily yielding to its enact-
ment. {
I have conceived it to be my duty, therefore, with
my convictions of it impolicy, to resist this measure
to the last. In so doing, I act in conformity with
the opinion of the State of Massachusetts, as ex-
pressed by her Legislature, and as entertained, I ful-
ly believe, by the great majority of her people. I
ask the Clerk to read the following resolutions of the
General Court of Massachusetts, approved by Gov.
Everett, on the 30th March, 1838, viz:
"Resolutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, relating to
the Sub Treasury.
"Resolved, That the Sub-Treasury bill, by making noprovi
sion for furnishing a currency in and between (he several States,
fails of pei forming a duty authorized by the Constitution, and
demanded by the interest ot the whole country
"Resolved, That the Sub-Treasury bill would, by withdraw-
ing from circulation latge amounts of specie, diminish the ba-
sis on which State institutions'are founddd, place them in too
great a degree m the power of the General Government, de-
prive them of the means of extending usual and necessary fa-
cilities to those engaged in commerce and manufactures, and,
by causing distrust, have a direct tendency to postpone the re-
sumption of specie payments.
"Resolved, That the Sub-Treasury bill, by giving to the Go-
vernment and its officers a different cuirrency from that pro-
vided for the people, and by increasing the power and patron-
age of die Executive, is hostile to the genius, and may be de-
structive to the permanence of our Republican institutions.
"Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be requested
to for ward copies of the above resolutions to our Senators and
Representatives m-Congress, and that they maybe desired to
use all proper and honorable means to prevent the bill in ques-
tion from becoming a law."
The resolution of the State of Massachusetts have
been my guide in the course of argument I have en-
deavored to present to the House, They indicate the
precise line of distinction between the views of the
Administration and those of the Opposition, the
Opposition maintaining the policy of identy of in-
terest between the Government and the people, and
the duty of the former to act for the welfare of the
latter; and the Administration pushing to the utmost
the doctrine of a separation of interest between the
Government and the people, the giving to the for-
mer not only a Treasury independent of the banks,
but a currency independent of and contrary to that
of the people and of the States. And in conclusion,
I have this only to say: that I repose the most confi-
dent reliance on the integrity and intelligence of the
people; that with them is the right, as well as well
as the responsibility to decide this question; and
rehatever their decision may be, I shall bow with
wspectfot submission to their will, as that of the true
ultimate sovereign power in these United States.
speechW
i. WHITE,
OF KENTUCKY,       /
In  the House of Representatives,] June* 5, 1840—On the
' Sub-Treuury till.  /
Mr Chairman: I do not flatter wytmf that any observa-
tions I may be able to submit to tfieAommittce, upon the
present occasion, will be any j ust compensation for the kind
ness extended me last evening by tlfe vote of adjournment.
Alter the ample discussion which this measure and its associ-
ate measures—which, when united, make ui> the Financial
System—has undergone in both branches of Congress, I rise, sir,
not in the vain hope that I am prepared to add any thing to
the information the committee has already received liom
gentlemen, by their age, their expenence, their talents, and
their acquirements, better qualified than mysell to shed light
upon the subject in all us principles and details; but simply for
the purpose of stating the reasons of my own vote in opposition
to this important measure.
I know the magnitude of the subject, considered in all its
bsanngs. I fully appreciate the difficulty of my task. I feel
my incompetency to the adequate discharge of so gieat an
undertaking. I would thatl could, in just fulfilment of my
duty as a representative on this floor, have remained silent.
But, penetrated as I am with a deep and abiding conviction
that the permanent entailment of the system, of which this
bill is the chief ingredient, will not only destroy the best in-
terests of the countiy, but strike a fatal blow at the cause of
civil liberty itself, I consider Ihave not the alternative left me
of exercising my own inclination, to Bimply give a silent
vote, on so vital a question. I do not propose, after the
example of others, to enter into a discussion upon the relative
merits or demerits of the opposing candidates for the office of
Presidency. Not that 1 have any disguise or reservation of
opinion upon that momentous and all-absorbing topic. I am
free to acknowledge that, at no period of the existence of this
nation, has there been a crisis that so imperiously di manded
that the Administration of this Government should be in the
ablest and fittest hands; and, sir, I am free to admit, I do think
the hands in which it is now placed, in any degree, answer that
description, I do not pretend to conceal, upon all proper occa
sions in what quarter I conceive that fit«es3 most eminently
resides, at this peculiar juncture.
In declining to go into the discussion of this topic, I am not
to be considered as subscribing to the doctune, that hag been
repecuet'ly advanced in debate during the present session, that
the relative fitness of individuals fbi the Chief Magistracy is
no part of the'consideration to which a member of Congress
may fanly turn his attention—that all such discussion is meie
"political slang." I know not a more solemn or important
duty, that a Representative of the people can perform, than by
giving, at proper seasons, a free and unreserved opinion upon
the political character and qualities of public men. And
especially in times of universal distress and danger, Ilka to 
piesent—in times, when well tried systems are rejected and
trodden under foot—times, that leave nothing untouched that
is venerable from long experience—nothing that is sacred from
intrinsic difficulty—when precedent and long established
usage are disresauied—when pillar after pillar, column after
c dumn, of the C institution, has fallen by the ruthless assaults
of a despotic Executive—the biokea fragments of which now
lie in heaps at his leet. Nothing but the consideration that
the proposition beloie the committee lssufficiently copious, of it.
s lf, for one debate, pievents me from the discharge of this high
Representative duty upon the present occasion. Havingeaid thug
much, by way of excludmga conclusion of my acquiescence in
opinions advanced restricting the legitimate latitude of debate
upon this floor, I proceed to the ceneideration of the measure
before the committee. And that I may not weary the patience
of the House, nor transcend the just limit* of debate. I shall
endeavor to confine my remake to the bill under consideration,
and such associated topics as are indissolubly connected with
it In the discussion of this measure, it shall be no part of
my pu i poae, wantonly toassall the feelings of any individual,
either in this House or out of it. I shall not touch upon the
private character of any man, yet, I expect to speak of public
men and their public measures as becomes a freemen, repre-
senting a free constituency. Nothing but an imperative sense
of duty could induce me to analyze, with that minuteness of
criticism which Ido not feel myself at liberty to omit on so
important a measure, the public conduct of individuals, filling
high places I feel that, if I attempt to do justice to the subject,
1 nave no alternative left me but to speak with freedom—utter-
ing "naught in malice"—suppiessing nothing that is trne—
suggesting nothing that is false Were I allowed to exercise
my Individual choice, I would prefei, in a spintof mercy, to
s'neld even guilty public delinquents undertho broad mantle
of charity, than thurst them with the sword of merited justice.
But mercy to public delinquents is treason to the people.
At this time, there is an additional reason why I would gladly
forbear—under no circumstances do I delight in personal
assault; but, least of all, upon a fallen ioe. The magnanimous
commander v. ill always protect from wanton insult his
prisoners of war. The generous huntsman, even, will not per-
mit his pack to mangle the captive game. In a debate, during
the present session, upon a different topic, in which I took an
humb'e part, the subject now under discussion was, incidentally,
mentioned by me. And the Hon Chairman of the Ways and
Means (Mr Jones, of Virginia,) having misconceived the
character of my remarks, in reply, made me challenge, when
this bill should come upfoi discussion, that I would tear the
platfoim from under this Administration. A challenge
altogether eratuitious A guantlet I never throwed. Manu-
factured, and tauntingly accepted, by the Hon Chairman in
this language "Come on. Aim your blows with all your
strength—dip your arrows in poison. They will fall harmless
at the feet of this Administration, shielded by the affections of
tWepeojile" Now sir, in reply to all th's, I have not the
presumption to suppose that any thing I may say upon the
present occasion will cfltct the downfall of the existing Ad-
ministration. This could not be, were I armed with the p w-
er needful, which I disclaim. Airea ly is the "platform" torn
from under it. Alieady is it fallen—prostrate it lies, crushed
by the indignant condemnation of an abused and deceived
people,'waiting the forms ot the Constitution forjthe official
seal of its destiny It is protected from any "arrow" of muie,
had I my armorfilled; not by the "affections of the peop!e;",no,
sir, no, but by a shield, equally safe, the lnappeasable execra-
tion of an inflamed people, who have taken this work into
their own hands, and who are fully competent to its execution,
maided hv my feeble arm.      Nevert|[n the .tide. nfL time. Wft 
■rni-irvr ■   "r   ii' i   ■   ^"—..i--t.      - - - -  ,1 .fU -nir iT-my —i----------.-------
the adage more truly verified, that "Whom the Lord Intends to
destroy, he first makes mad" Yes,sn, "Quem Deus vult
perdidit, prius dementat," is inscribed upon every page of the
history of this Administration. Nothing but the forms of the
Constitution preserved its existence for the short space of nine
months I aver it with an unwavering confidence, could the
people in November, 1837, revise their decision made in
November, '36, the same Administration that came into power
in such a blnze of popular glory, would have terminated ita
career in a short space of one year, writhine under the burning
decree of popular execration Shadows of destruction were
distinctly seen by the sagacious prior to its inauguration.
With these introductory remark*, Mr Chairman, I proceed to
the consider ition of the bill upon your table. I do not im-
agine any thin? will intervene to prevent the passage of this
bill The edict has gone forth It has come up from the
Hermi'dge, after concoction here, with an endorscmentto give
it consecration—it is reissued from the White House-
demanded bv the Great Southern ally" at any and every sacri-
fice. It is'doomed to become a law of the land. "Nero
fiddles while Koine bums " The President, secured In the
enjoyment of a fixed salary of twenty-five thousand dollars, to
be paid in gol J and 3ilver und- r the provisions of this bill,
feeling and fearins no distress himself, he seems insensible to
the wants and sufierines of the people. Now, sir, that my
opinion, astothe immediate effect of the passage of this bill into
a law, may not be misunderstood, I take occasion to say, I
do not look for, or predict, a volley of fresh evils will immedi-
ately ensue Gjd forbid The cup of human suffering isnow
lull to the brim; any signal addition woulil drive countless
thousands into open rebellion, or into hopeless dispair. The
measure, with its woes and miseries, is practically upon the
country,and has been for three years past,and is deeOned to be,
until the fourth of March next, whether thisbiU pass or not;
unlesstheiron will of the party in power should yield to the
melting appeals of suffering millions; ot which, I must confess,
I entertai i no hope This measure, I repeat, and will prove
beyond a .'ouht or cavil, is now, and has been, infull practical
opeiation since the day the banks suspended in May 37. Its
rpvigesaretobe&een m our exhausted finances—in the con-
dition of our b-inki upt Treasury—in our piostraio commerce-
in ovr ruined manufactures-m the reduced price oflabor-in
the unexampled fall of the price of all domestic pr^ucts-m
theunivci«al distress that pervadesall classes of soctety-the
laborer, the farmer, the mechanic, the manufacturer, he
mp,r!,ant—evprv interest, with two exceptions only, out of the
smerennm,ll onsyOf"pEpie that occupy this fertile «d1 ex-
tended country-the office holders, usurers and brokers It n
notaUttlecuilousto witness the agonies of certain gentlemen,
•Mr. Calhoun.
tMr. Cambrelecg.
