7 TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
£6th CoNO««"lrr Sssg.
Independent Treasury—Mr. íFkite.
H. of Reps.
sed to profit by sad and weful experience, steer clear of future
difficult))  by w thdrawing their confidence from such a pack
o. política! charlatans.
Mr. Cli.nt man, I cannot do complete justice to this part of the
subject «i.hou; noticing briefly the opinions and statements, at
diflcieiit periods, of another distinguished individual upon the
topic oi State banks, as likewise ii|>on the measure now under
consideration This individual is now,ami has been for a se-
ries oi' years, honored with the high station of Secretary of the
Treasury, chancellor of the Exchequer; his character as an able
financier, and as a faithful public oiricer, has received in this
debate the highest encomiums; every device has been retorted
to, to give force and weight to his views and opinions, and to
bolster up and varnish his reputation as a man and a faithful
public servant, li is due to those maltreated institutions—ills
due to the complete history uf this topic—it is due to the people
oi ihucvuntry, that these laiae clothes should be torn oil of this
individua'; that his groe  inconsistencies, his glaring contradic-
tions, hia «tupid ignorance, oi his wilful turpitude, should be
laid open to public view. That the deceived and deluded people
may learn and know how little importance, how little credit,
ought to be given to even the sworn official statements of the
highest Executiveoflicers of this nation. I ask the attention of
the committee and the country to facts, stubborn facta, and
figure*, these ore the weapons ol truth, sacred truth. The spe-
cial report of Secretary \\ oodbury, communicated to Congress
in ISol, on the public moneys, speaking of the Sub-Treasury,fhe
very same project contained m tins bill, he says: '-This kind of
personal agency, (alias the Sul>-Treasury,) in ihe opinion of the
undersigned, is to be avoided, because it is lew convenient, lees
secure, more complex, If not more expensive." In same re-
port, speaking of the comparative safety of the Sute banks
with the United States Bank, or Government agents, (alias the
Sub Treasury,)he vindicates the State banks by reference to
tables, figures, and facts; proves conclusively their prelerence
over suÍKreasurers as safe depositories. Speaking of the losses
the Government had sustained from State banks, he says: '-Thus
the truth on this much misunderstood and misrepresent ! sub-
ject, is, that in 1317, when the deposites were ordered by the
charter of the second United States Bank to be placed in that
institution, and the State banks were discontinued as deposito-
ries, and only at out sixty State bank* failed to meet all the de-
mands on them with promptitude, the whole indebtedness of
the seven deposite banks when they failed was only $139,010;
and they hare since paid to the Government #133,169. These
payments, independent of some interest, leave due only the
small sum of #6000. Notwithstanding the wide-spread com-
mercial distress of 1317, ISIS, 1819, it w ill be seen that only four
more deposite banks suspended payments between 1617 and
1321; one only in 1818, which has since paid all its debts; another
in 1S19, which owed only about «17,000, as a deposite bank; and
two in IS-'I, bath of which hare settled every thing originally
due. Thus the truth on this much misunderstood and misre-
presented subject, is, that four out of the number of the select-
ed banks have discharged all their liabilities, and the residue of
the liabilities of all the others, as deposite banks, is lees than
*33,l0ü. This is not a tythe of the sum which has frequently
been lest to the Treasury by the failui e of individual merchants
on their bonds for Imports; nor equal to the sum frequently lost
by the failure of many single disbursing agents connect-d with
trie different departments of the Government, and under large
bonds lor security." Again, from the same report: 'II we
include the whole present dues to the Government from discre-
dited backs, at all limes and of all kinds, whether as deposito-
ries or no', and embrace even counterfeit bills and every other
tpecies ol available funds in the Treasury, they will not exceed
whit is due Horn two such fines, of almost one hundred banks,
not depositories, wh ch, during all our wars and commercial
embarrassments, have heretofore failed in every part of the
union, in debt to the Government on their bills or otherwise, it
will be seen by ihe above table that the whole of them, except
seventeen, have adjusted every thing they owed, and that the
balance due from those, without interest, is less than $82,000.
Justice to the State banking institutions as a body, whose inju-
ries to the Government have been almost incredibly exaggera-
ted, ani! whose great benefits to it have been almost entirely
t,\ ¿r looked, has led me to make tins scrutiny, and submit its
results, under a hope that it will in some degree not only vindi-
cate the banks from much unmerited censure, but justify this
Department for the confidence it has recently reposed in
them." This report next treats of the State banks as fiscal
agents—compares them with the United States Bank—then of
the commercial benefits—their ability to furnish exchanges-
amount annually—cheapness—the soundness of their currency
—its great uniformity of value—equal to the paper of the Uni-
ted S ates Bank; and if not, still he argues in the report there
should be no re-esublished Bank, for this reason, because, he
S'.ys: ;'A11 the advantages of a paper of high and geneial credit
could be obtained, if deemed necessary, by Congress merely au-
thorizing the issue of Exchequer bills or Treasury notes in pub-
lic payments, and eveiy object deemed valuable as a paper cur-
rency could be obtained asa revenue measure constitutionally."
If e then proceeds to descant upon the benefits to the Treasury,
of a connection of the Government dues with Ihe State banks—
the "regulating," "leciifying," and "purifying" operation of
this union of Bank and State upon the currency. He concludes
with this unanswerable argument against the "Sub Trea-
sury," and preference of the State b?nks over that
measure: ' In considering their sa'ety, it should con-
stantly be recollected that the owners of banks are like
other individual, interested to transact business securely; and
desirous of making, not losing money; and that these circum-
stances with the preference in case of failu e. being in favor of
depositors and billho'ders over the stockholders, united with
the security, if not priority given to the Government, render
them, in pointof safety, generally much superior to individual
agents ofthe United State*." Again: "It isgraulying toreflect,that
the credit given by the Gov(rnmeni,wheihei tob<mk paper or
bank agents has been accompanied by smaller losses in the expe-
rience under the system of Slate banks in this country, at ibeir
worst periods, and in their seveiest calamities, than any other
kbd of credit the Government h is ever given in relation to its
Pecuniary transactions." Hence, he concludes in these words:
Governments cannot be administered without giving some
credit to debtors, and to collecting, keeping, and disbursing
officers. Changing the came of the debtor or the debtor himself,
from a bank or corporation toan individual, does not produce
any riiange over the nature of the transaction, and does not
prevent it from still resting upon credit, and leaving in some
degree, liable to all its dangers and disasters. Hence, unless
the State  and the Unl' "1 States, should both deem it proper to
dispense with the paper system (and which event is not antici-
pated) the Government cannot escape occasional losses from
that quarter, andean never hope to escape all losses from banks
or fiscal agents, except by the employment in their place of indi-
vidual agents, who will pobably be found less responsible, safe,
convenient and economical." This is Secretary Woodbury, in
1834. It was then the policy of the Administration t/> write up
the State banks, to insure ther strength as allies in demolishing
the United States Bank—a leading part of their policy as I
have heretofore shown. I have read but short extracts from
this report, and epitomized the substance of the residue accu-
rately and faithfully; it consists uf fifty long pages; to read it
all would fatigue the patience of the committee. Much of it is
contained in the extracts from the letter of the President to S.
Willi inie. Every finance and currency idea contained in that
famous letter is taken from this report, much of it verbatim
el literatim, as any gentleman can see who will trouble him-
self toread and compare. A pure and rich fountain of finan-
cial and currency lore, worthy to be drank at by the Chief Ma-
gistrate of a mighty people; fit original, fit copyist, par nobilt
fratrum; a «oble pair of brothers. It now, Mr. Chairman, be-
comes my painful duty to compare these extracts read from this
report, and copied and endorsed by the President, as I have
lead to you, in his electioneering manifesto, with the statements
of this same President and Secretary, in the annual message
and report communicated t > Congress at the opening of the
present Congress upon these topics, and particularly upon the
point of losses to the Government, by the employment of State
banks as fiscal agents and depositories. I read first from the
report of the Secretary, copied in the message and endorsed:
"Losses appear to haveoccured from defaulters among officers
in every administration. The largest amount of loss from each
class has been by deposite officers, consisting of banks, and in-
cluding as the resolution requires, the depreciation on such of
these notes as were taken for public dues. The loss by this
class, at the lowest estimate, has exceeded six millions and a
half of dolían . The aggregate of all these topics, taking the
lowest estimate for banks, is about thirteen millions. The
losses by the banks alone have been nearly as great as by both dis-
bursing and collecting officers united, and is more than three
fold as great as by collector  and receivers." Here are glaring
contradictions, gross discrepancies, not simply sf opinion, of
theory, of speculation; but contradictions of fact, of figures—
figures taken from the same table, flagrant discrepancies of
calculation, from the same data. The precise, full and com-
plete information, and evidence,was before the Secretary in 1834,
when be presented his views and his calculation of losses, from
which he made hw calculations in 1839; and yet such palpable
contradictions, such inexcusable misstatements, in either the
one or.the other report, I venture, cannot be found in the fiscal
State papers of any civilized nation upon the face of the globe.
I defy all history, from the beginning of time, to produce a
parallel. It gives me no pleasure to expos* this unpardonable
official misconduct. I apeak not in anger or malice, but with
emotions of shame and mortified pride for the degradation of
national honor. How must such things appear to enlightened
foreign nations—how humiliating to every votary of a free
Government—how will they be viewed by impartial posterity?
Our children will blush for the disgrace of their fathers.
Mr. Chairman, a short extract from another authority upon
this measure, and I have done with this branch of my subject.
I am about to read from an authority that is considered ortho-
dox with yon, sir, as well I believe as all others of the sons of
the Old Dominion, who agree with you in political sentiment.
It is for your benefit and edification, and forthe benefit and edi-
fication of the school to which you belong, that I read it. I
fear were I to paro it over, I would be charged with a want of
courtesy, after the various authorities 1 have referred to. I
read from the Richmond Enquirer, Septembers, 1837; that
venerable editor, after denouncing this very measure, this Inde-
pendent Treasury, as it is now called, then called the "Sub-
Treasury," as an "innovation," an "untried expedient," more
"expensive," leas "convenient," adding "* dangerous increase
of Executive patronage." He winds up in these emphatic
words: "The Sub-Treasury has never been sanctioned hy the
Republican party. In 1791, Mr. Madison argued against the
necessity of a National Bank, by urging the employment of
State banks. The same argument was preferred by Mr. Bur-
rell, in 1811, against its recharter. It was again cal'led into re-
quisition in the attempts to charter, and then continue the
second United States Bank. In fact, the State banks have been
adorned at every crisis, and not the sub-agencies."
Now, sir, it becomes my unpleasant duty to explode another
financial idea of our Chief Magistrate. It is a favorite delu-
sion with him and his Secretary. It is lo be found, with a
slight alteration of phraseology, in every message and report
since bis inauguration; it is mixed up in all their State paper.",
to bolster this measure. Never was there a grosser humbug
palmed of", or attempted to be palmed off, upon an intelligent
people; yet, from want of exposure, the community not being
in possession of the facts, the tables to detect the imposture, it
has obtained many believers. The idea is this—that ihe aug-
mentation of specie, from thirty millions in 1833 to eighty-five
now, is attributable to the wise policy of this and the past ad-
ministrations. The President, in speaking of the wisdom of
the policy pursued by himself and bis illustrious predecessor,
says: "Its resulta have already been too auspicious, and its
success too closely interwoven with the future prosperity of
the country, to permit us for a moment to contemplate its aban-
donment. We have seen, under its influence, our specie aug-
mented beyond eighty millionsof dollars." Now, sir, was there
ever a more daring assertion made in the face of figures. By
reference to the renortof the Secretary of the Treasury, laid
upon our tables, and published to the country, it appears that
our groes imports have exceeded our exports the immense sum
of one hundred and seventy one millions of dollars in the last
six years; allowing, then, seventy-one millions for profits of
trade, which is extravagant, and we have a balance against us
of one bundled millionsof dollars. Hew is it, then, lhatwe
have had an increase of fifty -five millions of specie in the last
seven years? According to the regular course of trade, we
ought to be stripped of the eighty.five millions, and fifteen mil-
lions in debt in addition. That we are not in that predicament
is not the fault of this Administration. How is it, then, we
present such an anomaly in finanee and commerce, the
balance of trade continually against us for the last ten
years, and still specie amounting to the immense increase of
fifty-five millions flowing in?   A paradox difficult to be com-
iirehended at a superficial view, easily explained when the
act* are understood. With the exception of a few million*
arising from the Neapolitan, Spanish, and French indemal-
ties, this entire influx of precious metals is to be accounted for
alone by the discount of American securities in Europe, of vari-
ous kinda,bank stock, railroad stock, canal stock, <tc. And, sir, no
man knew this beter than our Chief Magistrate and his Secre-
tary; to diuibl their knowledge, is to impute to them a degree of
ignorance that should impeach them, and remove them both
from office. And yet you find this arrogant imposture, this daring
humbug, iterated and reiterated in every message, and in every
report uf the Secretary since. 1836. But, sir, this isnotall. Our
worthy President, not content with robbing the States and indi-
vidual corporations of their just merit, in order to make politi-
cal capital to save a sinking Administration, to shift the distress
that hangs on the country, and the bankruptcy of the Treasury,
from the mismanagement and misrule of the Administration, he
in his late message arrays the amount of this State debt, exagge-
rates the true amount nearly one-half, as I will show from an ac-
curate table, to magnify its importance and its indiscretion; mis-
states the condition and profits of those improvements; throws
all the influence of his high official station into the scale, to blow
upon the credit of these secuuties in Europe, to the embarrass-
ment, delay, and ruin of some of these noble enterprises. The
heart that could meditate and perpetrate so wicked a design, a
course so ruinous to the private interests of thousands of praise-
worthy citizens who have staked their all in these works, so
prejudicial to many of the States who have embarked largely in
a system of improvement, now uprofitable because of
their unfinished condition; so destructive to the general prospe-
rity of the country, meets not my envy. Listen to the language
of our Chief Magistrate upon this topic, so alien to his duty, so
foreign to the appropriate topics required of him by the Consti
tution to be "recommended" to Congress. He says, "The fo-
reign debt of our States anl corporations can scarcely be less
than two hundred millions, requiring more than ten millions of
dollars to pay the interest. This sum has to be paid out of the
export* of the country, and must of necessity cutoff the im-
ports." Now, sir, I had supposed this was one of the very
things we needed as a nation, a diminution of Imports; at all
events, it is one of the boasted effects to be produced by this
very bill; but more upon this point by and by. To proceed
with my reading—"In lieu of the comforts which it now bring*
us, we might have our gigantic banking institutions, splendid,
but in many instances, profitless railroads and canals, absorbing
the surplus fruits of national industry for years to com*, and
securing to posterity no adequate return." Upon this topic, a*
upon all others, we find our President and the Missouri Senator
in perfect harmony—Castor and Pollux.
fnow read from the Senator's speech at the opening of this
session on the "Assumption of State Debts:" "Such are the re-
presentatives of the State debts, the best of the banks are doing
but little, the best of the roads and canals are barely paying
repairs, management, and interest. The mass of these institu-
tions and works may thus be characterized—barren banks which
cannot lei d, suspended banks which cannot pay, unfinished
roads and canals which are useless, finished ones which are
either bringing their owners in debt, or barely paying the ex-
pense of repairs, the cost of management and interest upon the
outlay." I cannot do justice to the history of this subject, with-
out introducing a name I would gladly omit, but I amjiot per-
mitted to do so. It finds itself Tn^ted~agsooi««rohrbut we ar*
tol.l that politics, like misery, makes strP^e bed fellows. The
adage was never more true than in this instance. I now read
from the speech made this session by the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] on the same subject: "But the StateB
are deeply in debt, and it may be said what shall be don ? I
know they are in debt, deeply in debt, and 1 deplore it. Yes, in
debt, lam not afraid to assert it, for the most idle projects, got
up and pursued in the most thoughtless manner. South Caro-
lina is also in debt; she has spent her thousands in wastefal ex-
travagance on one of the most visionary schemes that ever enter-
ed into the head of thinking man." Now, sir, do the annal* of
human malignity furnish such a conspiracy against harmless,
unoffending, enterprising citizens, private corporations and
State institutions'! Is there to be found in the tide of time, in
the legislation of any Christian people, a combination of discord-
ant politicians, making common war upon enterprises and in-
stitutions over which they have no jurisdiction, out of the
sphere of their legislation! Enterprises, however "worthless
and profitless" they may appear in the judgment of our Chief
Magistrate; however "visionary" in the conception of the practi-
cal statesman of South Carolina. I pronounce, and posterity will
pronounce them works that a Bridgewater might envy, a Bo-
naparte be proud of. Knowingthe biography of our Chief Ma-
gistrate and his private griefs, 1 am not at a loss to account for
his reaJincss to seize any occasion to detract from the well-
earned character of the author of the great Erie canal, when
by doing so, he can manu facture politcal capital. 'These word*
yetring in his ears: "A political grimalkin, purring overpetty
schemes, mousinff over sinister stialagems, without elevation of
mind or dignity of character." tThe ir.dignant and scornful con-
tempt of an insulted widow, whosehusband had been persecuted
to the verge of his grave, no doubt provoked and renewed anew
the festering malignity ol this"little animal." But I must con-
fess I am at a loss to account how it is, that the Senator from
South Carolina could find it in his heait, for any purpose earth-
ly, to blur the brightest star in the wreath that surrounds the
brow of the departed Havne. But, sir, ihe most fatal matter
connected with tins rhod. montade against State institutions,
and State and individual enterprises', affecting the reputation of
the conspirators, is that facts and figures flatly controvert their
material statements. Kcthing they have said will bear the lest
of examination. Now, sir, it is untrue that they are indebted
200 millions or 170 millions, or that they have nothing to «how
for their debts, but "worthless, rotten British goods." It is not
true that at any one of them is "visionary " in the judgment of
any sound practical statesman. I am here provoked to read a
short extract fr« m the speech of the Hon. J. C. Calhoun, deliver-
ed in the House of Representatives, on the 4th of February,
1817, upon a proposition made by him to set apart the bonus
and dividends of the United States Bank for purposesof internal
improvement This statesman, in that able speech, after ad-
vocating the constitutional power of Congress to make internal
improvements; yes. sir, the most latitudinous construction of
the Consiitu ion to be found on record, advocating the expedi-
ency and sound policy of exercising the power by the General
Govornmerit, concludes with a specification of the objects of
communication. This is his own language: "The first great
object is to perfect the communication from Maine to Louisiana.
This may bs considered the principle artery oí the whole  >■ •
" Clinton.
t Mrs. Clinton at Saratoga.
