June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Independent Tieaswr/—Mr. White.
H. ot Reps.
tem the next is the connection of the lakes with the Hudson.
In a political, commercial, mi'itary point of view, few obieua
would be more imp arlan'. The next obiect of chief importance
is to connect all tlm great commercial points on the A laiiuc,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, Richmond, Charleston,
and Savannah with the Western waters, and finally, to pcritet
tie intercourse between the West and New Oileans" Now,
•ir, this, at the day u was spoken, mighi have lieen, and wa 
deemed "visiouary," yet, what was then thought wild iheoi y
and mad speculation, are now, (with two exceptions,) eloi ions te
alities,and those two lar advanced towards completion and but
for the paralysis brought over their progress, by tins unkind and
unnatural a-sault upon Sute securities, by which their credi
baa been injuriously and unjustly affac.e J in foreign countries,
<where the authority ol such names have undue weight, and
the true condition of these works are not known,) would be in
japld progression. I leave it to this honorahle senator to re-
concile these two speeches. I know his eupenor excellency in
harmonizing seemingly inharmonious contradictions, at lea. 110
his own enure satisfaction, if to no one else. I now ask the a -
tenUon of the committee to the facta upon the subject. I must
be indulged in this seeming digression My constituents have
«deep interest in this? "most visionary" project—it is neces-
sity to a full analysis of the message—it la one ot the topics then
discussed in connection with the measure before the committee
for adoption. Now, sir, for the facta upon these various points
After the many and repeated misstatements by individuals high
in office, whose elevated position alone would give ciedit and
importance even to a speculation, much less a positive asser-
tion, the only sure way, I trust I may say without any just cause
of offence, of coming to a just conclusion, is by undisputed as
certained facta. How, theu, do the facts stand upon these va
rious points? And, first, the amount of these State debts The
President estimate* it at not leas than two hundre I millions; the
Missouri Senator at one hundred and esventy million.-; euhai of
which estimate  exceeds the true amount one hundred millions,
or at least one equal half. Much 01 this over estimate is mam-
feat from the very table referred to by these two able financia e.
I allude to Comptroller Flagg's report Tnat report makes the
aggregate sum of State stocks issued and authorized to be is-
sued, tor banking, canals and railroads, turnpikes, and miscel-
laneous objects, at «170,80  177. Now, sir, it is strange it
should bavs escaped the attention of these sagacious statesmen,
who have assumed to themselves the high prerogative of lec-
turers upon individual and State improvidence and extrava-
gance, that there is a sriking difference between a stock autho-
rized to be issued and stuck actually invested, so as to make it
bona fide a debt Millions of this one hundred and seventy
authorized have not been cashed, for want of a purchaser
millions have never yet been offered m market, millions
nave by subsequent acts of legislation been repealed and can-
celled; millions have been paid off. Second point these im.
provements are "prntiilees, not yielding coat of management, re-
pairs, and interest." I now read an official return upon this
point, showing th* nett dividend—the lowest, 6J per cent; the
Wiliest, 16}
SB  Sjrsr    2  
_ a £s =• s s S
 S,ii3ÜoSS
S = 2.5.   gap
3 3 3*   Ca-a
S o 2.—
sWg-sr
««3 "
8?B.32=S
3
S    2
G3 £*•      s"- *■* ~* *-
J5 oJd cfiJ5 o to
5  te sn Qo 52 ^ <o S3
JO                           «
00-*N>^U —■"Is*
<£Xw~< -*35cni-*
CSW^-'—Oi-C— to
■o
PJ
J3                       •
"tu't£ 3! CO ■* ■ **"*© *■

n
2*
IS
«• 2
3 c
3 W
C 3
3 o.
1  -2
2  " Si
-;>
ft *i Í3
l2.3  3
III
«* 5 **
3 s.--
£.? .    *
 ■<§ a   >
"1-   2     —
~„2     C-1
«.?      0 
111
■3  3
2" 2
a-5
8 8,
*?
tot.
3 - 
o ••
■i a
*!¡
8  
  a-
Now, sir, in mortifying contrast with the declarations I have
read from these American citizens, permit me to read a short ex-
tract, bearing upon this point, from the paper of a distinguished
foreigner,! an able and intelligent engineer, after a tour through
the United States for the express purpose of viewing our public
works, particularly ra Iroads He makes this sta'ement "Ac
cording to the fact* collected during my travels m the Unite I
States, there are now 3,000 miles of railroad completed and in
operation, 425 locsrmuve , and I believe, up to the end of 1839.
the length of railroads may amount to 4,100 miles, the capital
invested, about sixty millions; theaverage result of the railroad*
now in operation in the United States is, that they give a yearly
Interest of five and a half per cent on the capital invested.
This result must be regurded as very satisfactory, because the
greatest part of the lines have enly been a few years in opera-
tion On all the lines there has been a yearly increase of at
least fifteen to twenty per cent, in the grogs income, so that
those lines which do not Day now, will give, in a few yea , a
handsome dividend. I have no doubt the large capital invested
in railroads in the United States will not only produce an incal-
:Charleston and Cincinnati Railroad.
:F. N, Chevalier Da Gertner.
culablo benefit to the country, but likewise pay the shareholders
a dividend which, «ndergood management, by the constant pro-
gress in population and trade, must likewise Irom year to \ ear
increase I would request the particular attention ol our Chief
Magistiate to this publication, it would furnish htm much use
fu fcn iwledge that he seems to be in profound ignorance ol it
win id i ach him a spirit ol candor and img ammiiv that he
seems to be a stranger to, no doubt in consequmee ol his recent
assooa i ns He would theie learn some wiinlesome lessons of
po meal economy - how io advance national prosperity and na-
tional union—Irom the example of a king He will there learn,
whilst he is lansvking the practices of foreign ni i achíes,
froii'he Emperoi of all lite Russne totheEmpemi of M nocco,
the Imaumof Must at, for pieceden's for his hard money, iron
box scheme, to lecommend it to the favoritism ol a tree Repub-
lic, that the ""King ot Delgium has discovered some other things
more necessaiy to a nation's prosperity, a nation's happiness, a
nation's pel petunv, a nation's grandeur, a nation's glory, than
' vaults," and ' cells,' ''iron sheets," "locks and keys," more
useful monuments—the dended objects of our enlightened Chief
¡Magistrate and his Senatorial allies; monuments of peace, of
utility, of intelligence, monuments calculated to advance the
national welfare, commerce, industry, and independence of the
people This enlightened monarch has discovered, in order to
make a people tranquil and nappy, they must have employment,
just lewaidfor labor, that there is an intimate connection be-
tween the fiiannal prosperity and ihe business («lospenty of a
nation. Mini the ability to bear taxation was measured by the
prilur ive wealth of the nation; that an impoveiished people
could not long sus am a heavy exaction ol tribute and, above
all, he will L-ain that that monarch illustrate 1 by his policy, in
his encouragement and fostering pi otaction of useful enterprises,
such as lailroidj and canals, his prac iral wi&dom and states-
manship—the tendency and effect of which was to brine hi* na
tion into more intimate contact, and 'o for i it into one large la-
maly, by which the actual national device, ''union fait la force,"
(union gives strength ) becomes realized.
11 Sir, let our worthy Chiel Magistrate read this paper, and
then his annual message, and, unless he has lost all sense nf
\¡ shame, it seems to me his cheek must redden, and a wounded
conscience pierce him with mortified reproach I couid read
tab'es to the committee, upon the subject of our canals, equahy
I' conclu«ivc Ascertained fact , from the official reports of the
I various State officers, exhibit a handsome profit to the stock-
,   holders, besides the incidental aJvamages incalculable to the
,    States and to the na'ion—advantages social, commercial, milita
I      rv, and political     t ut I forbear; time will not permit.
,1 31 As t> these "gigantic banking institutions, most of which
must rot down on their  foundations,  before the bonds are
II    due upm which thev were built," from the official document
11   njw before me, on my table, furnished by thf Secretary of the
Tr asury, on this subject, showing (he condition of the State
\ bank*, made out from official returns, we are informed that there
aie in the United State , at this time, 9o8 ban s and branches,
circulation one hundred millions, amount of debt four hundred
and nity millions, amount of bank capital three hundred mil-
lions, amount of individual deposites seventy five millions,
amount of specie thirty five millions. Now, sir, this tabular
statement shows the banks of this country, at th s moment, to
be in a more sound condition, as a whole, than they ever have
been since this wag a nation—even the golden period, when the
President and his party were lauding them to the skus; de-
cidedly asafer prapornon of specie to the amount of circulation
Allowing twenty million eof one hundred in circulation to be in
deposite wuh the various oanksas balances, which is less thin a
fairallowance, according to the Secretary's own computation,nnd
it leavesonly eighty millionsof bank paper actually in circulation
—but li tie over two dollars io one of specie Why is it, then,
I may be asked, there are one half of them suspended? Sir, I
answer, the unceasing warfare of the Administration. Ground
your arms; hurl this despotic measure back to the monarchs
and despots from whom you have borrowed it, to the dark ages
of barbarism; hold out the protecting arm of the Government;
strike down the black banner of "demelition," and raise the
banner of peace and of protection, and I stake my reputation as
a piophet that in six short weeks these banks will rise up,
phceiiix like, fiom their ashes, and move on in their accustomed
channels S r, what is the afflicting disease of the country at
presentí ¡Not a pressing foreign debt Foieien exchanges are
at from 106 to 107, lower than they hai e bren tor > ears Not a
lack of money—seventy millions in the vaults of the banks upon
private deposite, our crops uncommonly good—all these
evi tences ot general wealth, and yet the entire business of the
countrv is struck with a paralyse, the poor man cannot find
demand for his laboi, nor the rich man for his capital; a deadly
incubus hangs over the land And why is it? Sir, it is the un-
certain 7 of the future, the instability of Government, the un-
ceasing interference with the currency, the credit of the coun-
try, t ie most sensitive of all things, the quack experiment upon
experiment, and expedient upon expedient, hence arise theagi.
tation and alarm of the future; no man lends, no man borrows,
every one hoards, security shaken, credit destroyed,-national
embarrassment and individual distiess inevitable.
4th Tne proceeds of these State debts, "British dry goods,
gossamer, ani lawn," received and worn out In response to
this, I lelerto the table I read fiom, proving mcontestably the
acquisition of 55 millions of specie, the proceeds of American
stotks. Besides, m the last ten years, we have imponed 64
millions of dollars worth of iron, about 25 millions of which has
been forrailrnads II I am correct in my estimate, we had SO
millions well accounted for, which, taken from the 100 millions
ol true debt, leaves onlv 20 millions to be explained, which I
liavt no doubt was wisely invested I am now through with
this ruthless onslaught upon State credit and the credit of private
corporations, because they stood in the way of the grand scheme
of the party, and could not be made subservient to political pur
poses These recreant iailroad companies have not passively
h íwed to the upstart tyrant of thp Post Office. Here is reason,
sufficient with others I have given, for the attack upon them.
The "gig intie banking institutions" stood in th  way of the In-
dependent Tr asury, that is sufficient reason for an uncompro-
mising hostility to them, together with the fact that a largre
amount of these stocks belonging to a State institution,* towards
winch our magnanimous President and the leaders of the party
entertain a rabid hatred, a political monomania.
Ipioceednow,Mr Chairman, to consider the specific merits
or demerits of this Independent Treasury scheme. And first,
th*? specific financial objections to the measure
1st Its inconvenience is admitted on all hands ct'ier thing 
"King Leopold I.
*Unit:d States Bank of Pennsylvania.
being equal, friends and foes acknowledge the U|>enor come
nienceof banks in fanlitatingthe transfer of the public n omy .
I w II not d°tain thetin.eof tue committee by uailig x lact
upon extract from the messaccs ol ihe Pte-iJtW, n d the íe-
ports ol hisbecieary upon this point, a pom to 1 tic 1, with
any due regard for candor, to be deba cd, though =0111  vwiol
hogoiatioiison this floor have evsn contrmerten ilnsp 11 t
21 It is more expensive Tins objitiiou is al-o u uculed by
the President and lus&eiretary, but by no means 10 a just ex
tent, it is idmitted and ittempird to be |us fiul III.y have
both soplns ically and iiigeinouoly end. d« red o fn tci away
this objection,appieciatme its lente theTiea^uiv ben g bank-
rupt, and a meesaae teeming   th homilies upon n-ticrrI mutt
and economy Ihey admit an additional tx¡ ei se ol íOüOUO
arnually, besides the cost ol electing two lnjepi ndn 1 Tiet
sury buildn gs, their 'iron vaul s and ceds and li ek," (here to
be erected in large cities, wheieall our t tt&iom house  t-aie
averaged Irom 500 to a million ol dollars, the grand lndep>n<lfiu
Treasury building in this city, not yet complete ata costoi ever
a million, and this expenss is only ihe beginning, the pnti 1 rig
wedge Already, in this very bill, ihe Senate has raised die «a
lanes of the principal sub tieasurers, or receive s gei < 11!, is
this bill denomínales them. Sub treasurers ben g a plain Re-
publican name, did not round well in the voiabuliiy 01 modern
Democracy, the appellation receivers general, Iwrriwcd from
a monarchy, sounus more pleasantly upon thtir ears Tie
machineiy will goon enlarging and enlarging, aud with enhrie-
nrent a corres, ondl.ig increase ol expenditure ad infini itm
The Presi tnt suppresbes a single i em ol tipcnte Hut must
necessarily attach up in the passage of tins bill imoiintingto
twice the sum of 6U 000 dolíais aiinuall\, I alíndelo tie pen
sion agencies This blanch ol publ cseivne is now ptifoimed
free o I charge by mdiridual agent ic , rrreivin? no other com
pensati 11 but the u-e of the public money belwrei the time of
deposite with them and disbursement lextoitej his unwilling
admission fiom the chairman ol W iys and Mean , in line dis
cu sion in the early part ol this session, upon t> e pet sion bill
This bi'l makes it a penitentiary tflei ce lor any «g it 01 offi-
cer of the Government of any kind to use in any wa\ tv e public
money Insta  ly, upon the passage of this bid these p nsion
agents will resign It is absurd to suppose that individuals
will labor for toe Government and hud themselves, and as
sume heavy responsibilities, without compensation ot some
kind; they will resign, or you mus give them a stan< mg sala-
ry. Here, then, is an expense growing out of this measure of at
least one hundred thousand dollars annually There are addi-
tional expenses necessarily incident to this measure, consider.rg
it, as Us friends describe, a mere fiscal machine for co lectins,
keeping, and disbursing the revenues Here, then, alter the
erection of buildings, and all appurtenances of iron chests,
sale , vault'), locksand keys, to which expense the bill affixes no
limit, is an additional expense of two hundre 1 thousand dollars
annualh, to conduct this Executive machineiy, in itsearliest
simp'ici y, in its veryougm What will it cost in its manhood,
in its full growth aud maturi y, God, in ins lnlimte knowledge,
only knows I am now contrasting the expense with the State
bank system It is notorious to this committee and the coun-
try, that it cost the Government nothing while the State banks
were ueed as depositories, eitl er for collecting, keeping, or di
bursing the public moneys, that Ihey acted as pension agent*
without charge or reward. This additional expense of 8200,000
annually, if there should be no en argement of the scheme, no
increase of expenditure, which «impossible, from the very na-
ture of things, even if it be honestly and bona fide administered,
the increase of wealth and population will requnesome in
crease of expenses annually Hut Buppose it to remain stt-
tionary, it will amount in the short space of twtnty years—the
life of the charter ol the National Bank—to the enormous sum
of four millions of dollars ovei the State hank system But
how does the comparison stand with the United Stales Bank?
That institution, also, without charge, collected, kept, and dis
bursed the entire revenues of the Government for fifteen yeais,
until she was forcibly arrested by the removal of the deposites,
including the payments to all pensioners. But this was not all
in additien to this service, (.and be it remembcied not one far-
thing out of four hundred millions that parsed through this
Bank was lost to the Government,) this Bank paid one million
and a half of dollars into the Treasury. Add this to the four
millions above, and we have five millions and a half of dollai s of
additional expense in twenty years against the Independerc
Treasury, when compared with a United Sta'es Bank One
would suppose this sum ought to make any scheme a little ' in-
dependent " But remember, this independence is all at the
cost of the people Surely this cannot be considered no slight
objection, particularly ata ci his like this, when your Treasury
is bankrupt, when we have exhausted the last do lar of our sur-
plus, and have created a national debt of five millions, for tho
payment of which the property of my constituents and yours
stand mortgaged and pledged. Where is the spirit of retrench
mentand economy so much boasted of in the message, vatint-
mgly displayed in almost every paragraph, so ofien repeated as
to become disgusting to the taste? How does the practice tally
with the professions upon this point, as all others, with the party
in power? Iheir economy is like their Democracy, all from
the teeth outwards it never penetrates the skin, much le«s
reach the heait, economists in precept, spendthrifts and prodi
gals in practice
3d objection, its insecurity. I new come to a more important
demerit of this measure as a financial scheme. Under this head
I refer to the multiplied evidences I have already presented in
the way of argument, authority, and tried experience, eviderces
taken from the State papers of the President and his Secretary,
fromthespeechesofeveiy distinguished supporter of this n ea
sureatthis time But in addition to this mass of teslimonj,
testimony of uselfsufricient to condemn this measure be'oreany
impartial tribunal, I now offer evidence of woful experience,
during the three years' practical operation of this measure
From official documents furnished bp the Secretary, and laid
on our tables, the losses for the last three years, during the
practical operation of the Independent Treasury, the Treasury
has sustained aloss of «2.064,209, equal to nearly me half of
the losses by collecting officers during everv Administration
from the foundation of the Government—forty-eight year 
lvfarmalionby the Secretary of the Treasury
The following items are extracts from a letter of the S cretary
of the Treasury to the House of Representatives, in obeditnce
to a resolution of that body calling on him for a statement of the
annual expenditures and losses of the General Government, un-
der each Administration, from 1789 to 1837
Amount of defalcations in the first four years of Gen Wash-
ington's administration j •           •           •           - *4,P89
Second four years      .....      32,738
