,77%_____________
36th Cono«—1«t Sem.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1640.
Independent Treauury—Mr. While.
H. of Reps.
The four years of J hn Adams's administration      -      176,770
First four years of Thomas Jurtersou's sxlminlstration,    64,419
t-acood four years       .....      152,563
Kirstfouryearsof Jamos Madison's administration •      460,352
Second four years       .....   1.317,824
First lour years of James Monroe's administration •   1,207,153
Second four years       .....      985,642
The louryears ol J. Q. Adams's adc&iniHration      .      327,387
First four years of Andrew Jackson's adniiuistration,     105.502
Second lour years       .....      220,337
(1,225705 69
75,0.0 00
2,822 14
11,173 48
39,013 31
1333 92
2^16 76
16,754 29
1,386 16
2,312 12
1,146 23
27,230 57
6,624 37
1,259 28
6,000 60
30,611 97
6061 40
3J.059 64
11,831 91
893 53
109,178 OS
23116 IS
64,626 55
43,294 04
100.000 00
10,630 19
2,541 91
1,997 58
«0,937 29
10,733 70
12,449 76
65,962 06
12,550 47
14 891 98
7,230 63
13.781 19
26 621 57
3*0 50
Total amount in these forty-eight years '•         ■ < 1,956,568
Compare the above with die list of defaulters under the pre*
sent Administration, and it will he seen that within the last
three years, the Government, under Martin Van Bureo, haslost
nearly one-half as much as was lost under all the previous Ad-
ministrations ur lorty-eight years.
Tbefuiowmgis the list of Loco Foco defaulters, with the
amount iliey have stolen set opposite their name :
Samasl Swauwout, New York
William M. Price,       do.
A. S. rhurston, Key West, Florida
Ueoige W.Owen. Mobile, Alabama     ' -
Israel P. Canby, Crawfordville, Indian*. •
Abner McCarly, ladianapolis, Indiana    •
B. F. Edwards, Edwardsville, Illinois     •
W. L. D. Jüwing, Vandalia, Illinois
John Hays, Jackson, Mississippi
Willie M. Oreen, Palmyra, Missouri
B 8. Chambers, Little Rock, Arkansas    •
David L Tod, Opelousas, Louisiana
tt. R  Rogers, Opelousas, Louisiana
Maurice Cannon, INew Orleans    -
A. W. McDaniel, Washington, Mississippi
Jo >n II. Owen, At. Stephen, Alabama
George B. Crutcher, Choc aw, Mississippi
George B. Cameron,      do.             do.
S. W. Dickens,               do.            do.
Do.                      do.            do.
Wiley P. Harri . Columbus
William Tay lor, Cahawka, Alabama
V. G. Mitchell,         do.         do.
J. W. Stephenson, Galena, Illinois
Liulebury Hawkins, Helena, Arkansas   •
& W. Beall, Green Bay    -
Joseph Friend, Washita, Louisiana
Win. H. Allen, St. Augustine
Gordon D. Boyd, Columbas, Mississippi •
R. H. Sterling, Chocchuma,      do.
Pans Childert, Greeasbnrg, Louisiana    •
William Linn, Vandalia, Illinois  -
Samuel T. Sco.t, Jackson, Mississippi
James 1'. Pollock, Crawfordsville, Indiana
John L. Daniel, Opelousas, Louisiana
Morgan Neville, Cincinnati, Ohio -
M. J Allen, Tallahassee. Florida
Robert T. Brown, Springfield, Missouri -
Total,.....#2,064,209 86
These exhibitions of moral delinquency and official peculation
give me no pleasure; 1 refer te them more in sorrow than anger.
But, Mr, we are consiJering a grave measure, a measure of
momentous magnitude o the weal or wo of the country; all the
light within our reaeh should be brought to bear upon it; we
are legislating for (be future; we should draw our knowledge to
guide us from the past; experience, I repeat it, is the motherljof
wisdom. In the table I have read, we discover a painful and
rapid increase of the relaxation of public morals, since the open
declaration in the Senate, that "to the victors belong the
spoils." And is it not shocking, positively shocking, beyond all
human endurance without getting into a "passion, to read in the
messages of the great chief of the party, acting under this ban-
ner flying to the winds for the last ten years, gathering the cor-
morants and vulturesof all parties, the repeated denunciations
of the mora! delinquencies of the banking corporations and ot
the people? In his last message, after speaking of the pervading
and abiding moral deficiency of banks and individuals, like the
boasting Pharisee he exclaims, let others do as they may, it is
incumbent upon us "to hold erect the principles of morality and
law." Oh impudence unblushing' to use such an expression
after repeated instances, in the exercise of the appointing
power, of not only retaining in office notorious defaulters and
peculators, but actually appointing to distinguished honor and
foreign stations, convicted delinquents, convicted by their own
acknowledgment, or by the report ol committees -^investigation,
based upon sworn and indisputable testimony. Having made it
one of his cardinal political maxims in appointments lohigh sta-
tions toselect men rejected by the people of their immediate
vicinage for the mo.it bumble State offices, going upon the
modem Democratic principle that those whom the people
condemn as worthy victims of popular disfavor, are fit
subjects, in his estimation, of Executive patronage. Now,
sir, if our Chief Magistrate would be advised by one so
humble as myself, I would suggest to him a better guarantee
for the security of the public moneys, and a safer prevention
against future peculations, than alt the iron safes, chests, bolts
and bars, and locks and keys, that he can have manufactured
in the next one hundred years, if every -house in the country
was a smith-shop, with a vulean at every anvil; it is a simple
machine; let the President go back to the standard of Jeffer-
son—'"is he honest, is he qualified!" If he will erect this
"standard,"' and he guided by it in his appointments to office,
take honest men with "'fit qualifications,'' and he will be relieved
from the trouble of giieving overthe laxity of morals of banks,
private citizens, or public officers, in a very great degree; ex-
plode the idea that party zeal and party devotion, and politi-
cal defea', is to be rewarded by office; teach the people that
private and public integrity and virtue is the only passport to
political preferment and station; and the deplorable stae of
public morals engendered by the spoils principle «ill be puri-
fied: pub ic officers will be found, who will again discharge
their duties to the country as they did in the purer days of the
republic, unguarded by bolts and bars, unchecked by the se-
vere penalties of law. Then, and not till then, shall we have
faithful public agents, then, and not till then, shall our treasury
escape the heavy peculations «o repeatedly perpetrated upon
it during this reign of the coalition of the two parties; one fight-
ing in the North, with the banner unfurled, inscribed upon it,
"to the victors belong the spoils;" in the South, the banner
streaming in the wind, with this equally mercenary inscription,
"the enurement of office."                           , „,    ,      .   .
It is aflimsy apology made; for «he heavr AKUeattoTja dnrraf
this Administration, that the law  are Insufficient. The same
laws, the same safeguards, the same restrictions, are iu force
now as existed during any former Administration. There has
been no repeal, no qualification, no removal of legal limitation
Another decided preference in favor of the superior security of
the bank system over the Sub-Treasury, is this: private inte-
rest is always more watchful than public. The stockholders
knowing their entire stock would be liable for any defalcation,
would exercise a vigilance in proportion to the heavy respon-
sibility. It is the security ol interest, honest private interest,
that wise legislation should look to for the safety of the public
moneys, not to locks and keys, and not to oaths and penalties.
Governmeotofficers at best, are a sleepy race of mortals. We
read that the apples of Juno weie guarded by a dragon with a
hundred heads that never slept; and yet, they weie stolen.
Bars and bolls, and iron chests, and safes and locks, and keys of
themselves, furnish no adequate security, unless a watchful
eye and an honest incorruptible heart governs the arm and
wields the hand that holds the key. Read not to me nor any
common sense man a dissertation to prove, that because the
vaults in the Sub-Treasury can be made as strong as the vaults
iu banks, that this is evidence of equal security. Iasult not
my understanding, by an argument to prove that security of
the public moneys consists in inanlmated matter. 1 spurn all
such flummery asan insult to my understanding. It has been
well said, that he was not an unffise or an unjust judge, of
whom it is recorded, that—
"He sent the thief who stole the go'd away,
And punished him who put it in his way."
Save us from temptation was a wise prayer, ottered by one
who knew the infirmity of human nature.   Is not the history
of our country lull of melancholy examples of the inability of
honest men to resist strong temptation.   Surely, it is not wise
or just to place by our legislation temptations in men's way,
that we know by constant and sad experience to be sufficient to
overpower the positive enactments of law, consisting of the
heaviest penalties—penalties of physical suffering and disgrace.
4th. Financial objection.   Its tendency and direct effect to
diminish the revenue,   i his is conceded, or rathet it is claimed,
as one of the virtues—one of its excellencies.   Mr. Buchanan,
of the Senate, in enumerating its specific benefits, says it will
"diminish our imports alter the year 1342."   He then goes on
to amplify upon this bles ed lesult.    Now, sir, that a Senator,
from a middle State deeply engaged, (more deeply, when we
calculate the various manufactures, than any other State in
the Union,) should feel exultation and self-glorification, at this
most benign influence, does not astonish me.   But that ex-
treme Southern gentleman, opposed to a high tariff, should be
working shoulder to shoulder with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, in support of a measure having the conceded effect
to reduce our imports, does astonish me—does amaze me, at the
very time it is argued and made manifest that our revenue
from imports and lands will fall short five millions of defraying
the ordinary expenses of the Government, "administered upon
the most economical scale, consistent with a just regard to the
public interest."   Sir, let us look into this matter a little fur
ther, it is an important point, particularly it seems to me—it
deserves the examination and consideration of Southern gentle-
men.   What does our Chief Magistrate say upon this topic!
Courtesy requires we should always consult him first upon
great questions of finance.   In his annual message he uses this
language: "The check lately given to importations of articles
subject to duties—the arrangements in the operation of internal
trade -and especially the reduction gradually taking place in
our tariff of duties—all tend materially to lessen our receipts;
indeed, it is probable the reduction resulting from the last cause
alone will not tall short of five millions of dollars, in the year
1842, as the final reduction of all duties take place then." Now,
just at this heavy crisis of diminution, the SenatOT from Penn-
sylvania, ahigh tariff man, wants to apply the pruning knife of
the Independent Treasury, to cut down still lower the imports.
But, again, from the message: "The whole revenue then accru-
ing, both from customs and the sales of public lands, if not
more, will undoubtedly be wanted to defray the necessary ex-
penses of the Government, under the most prudent administra-
tion of its affairs."   The lowest possible amount necessary to
defray the ordinary expenses of the Government, according to
the President and his Secretary, is twenty millions annually.
The President says in his annual message: "I have directed the
estimates for 1840 to be subjected to the severest scrutiny, and
to be limited to the absolute requirements of the public ser-
vice."   If the President be correct in his calculation, with the
exercise of the most rigid economy, the ordinary expenditures
cannot be less annually than twenty-one millions, (though it
will be remembered that thirteen millions during Mr. Adams's
administration was pronounced by (his very economist, in his
celebrated retrenchment report of '26, as wasteful prodigality.)
But more upon this point under its appropriate head.   To
pursue my argument, I now read a short extract from the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury, upon this point of
necessary, ordinary expenditures:   "But an  expenditure  of
twenty millions for ordinary purposes, though much reduced
from the aggregate during a few years past, is believed to be
more, instead «f less, than sound policy justifies, while the pre-
sent annual embarrassment in moneyed affairs shall continu*."
(Mark the qualification in the last clause of the sentence.)   The
opinion of this strict economist, whilst the Government is bor-
rowing money annually, at the rate of five per cent, interest,
thereby creating and piling up a national debt every day and
every hour as time rolls on, to meet the ordinary expenditures
of this most economical Administration.  This officer of finance
thinks that perhaps even the curtailed and reduced sum of
twenty millions, is more than sound policy justifies during "the
present unusual embarrassment in moneyed affairs."   And this
officer acting under the peremptory order of the President, to
limit his estimate for the year 1840, by the most rigid standard
of economy, leaving out every expenditure of an extraordinary
kind, omitting any appropriation for the Florida war, for the
new organization of the militia, recommended by the Secretary
of War, and is zealously endorsed by the President, omitting all
expenditures of every sort that belong to the head of extraor-
dinary expenditures, he still computes twenty millions, as in-
dispensable to discharge the ordinary, necessary wants of the
Government for the year 1840.   To meet this estimate of ex-
penses, the Secretary furnishes an estimate of income, of re-
ceipts from customs, fifteen millions—from lands three and a
half millions   The residue is to be raised by borrowing upon
Treasury notes at five per cent, or some other mode yet to be
suggested and adopted.
We are also told by the same high authorities in the same
State Papers, that the receipts from customs is gradually de-
cnatteg, ami must decrease under the operation of the Compro-
mise Act, until the year 1842, which operation, alone, the Presi-
dent says, will diminish the income from this source in that
year, at least five millions; add this sum to the two millions,
and in 1842, there will be a deficit in your Treasury, an annual
deficit, ot seven millions, independent of unexpected deficien-
cies, fluctuations, or extraordinary nemands. This calculation
Is based upon the data o! the President and his Secretary, and
itisuigedby one oftheableBt advocates ofthisbill in the Se-
nate, that one of the peculiar merits of this measure will be,
further to diminish the customs in the year 1842. lack the at-
tention of Southern gentlemen, anti-tariff men, to this view of
the subject—gentlemen who are supporting the party in pow-
er, who fix the minimum expenditure of this Government at
twenty millions—gentlemen who support this measure,a mea-
sure that lhave shown already will coat an annual sum of two
hundred thousand dollars, besides a heavy outlay to begin ope-
rations. How is this deficiency to be raised? I address my-
self to Southern anti-tanlf Van Buren men. Sir, there is but
two ways, and you sir, nor any other supporter efthis Admi-
nistration shall escape this dilemma. 1 repeat, sir, there are
but two ways, an increased tariff, or direct taxes. And no one
1 piesume would dare propose this substitute. I call upon
Southern planters, not Southern politicians, to pause and Con-
sider thie view of the subject. That this scheme should be a
favorite measure with Administration politicians in the Middle
and Northern States, where a high tariff is popular, is not sur-
prising. It is all natural enough. But that any sage Southern
statesman should not perceive its effects upon his section of
the country, is to me marvellous. But sir, such is the power
of party delusion; we daily see the wisest heads intoxicated into
political madness and plirenzy—reason loses her balance, all
common sense vanishes. As I am addressing this part of my
argument to the South particularly, I desire to make my proof
full and complete—it is an impuitant point in the case. In ad-
dition then to the above authorities, I offer another authority of
weight with a portion of this house and this nation- I read
from the speech of Mr. Calhoun, delivered this session, on the
assumption of State debts: "I need not inform the Senate there
is not a surplus cent in the Treasury; that the most rigid econo-
my will be necessary to meet the demands on it the present
year; that the revenue, so far from being on the increase, must
be tepidly reduced, under existing laws, m the next two years."
Here is confirmation of the views of the President and Secreta-
ry. With these admissions and facts before him, can any can-
did and impartial man resist the conclusion, that the direct ef-
fect of this measure must be to unite, with other causes, in de-
manding an increase of duties on imports—plain reason sug-
gests it, boasted acknowledgments admit it; who can doubt fit
none but the wilfully blind, blind becauss they will not see, or
seeing, tied by party chains, have not the candor nor the pub-
lic virtue to admit, to their constituents, the true effects and
evils of this.measure. I here close my argument upon thie point,
leaving it to come Southern opponent of this bill to do it mora
ample justice.
6. I now approach a still more important specific [financial
objection to this bill; its tendency and direct effect to increase
the expenditures ol Government. This point presents a grave
financial question—It requires a- fuli*«tamiiietion—It is vital
to the merits of this bill—fortunately on this point we have the
light of experience. This scheme, as 1 have conclusively shown,
has been in practical operation during the existence of this Ad-
ministration, in the hands of its authors and friends, to aid it in
a successful trial. With the Executive andan overwhelming
majority at least in one branch of Congress, without whose as-
sent no appropriation forexpenditure could be made, with all
these propitious advantages, so favorable to a successful result,
what are the facts'? I deal not in vapid declamation upon
this point, no conjecture, no speculation—the matter is too se-
rious for tViis, it is a question of tacts and cold figures: by facta
and figures I propose to try it: then for ihe facts and figures.
I shall test the practical effect of this measure upon theex-
dendituresin various ways, so there may be no apology, no ex-
cuse, no escape. 1 shall contrast the Government expenditures
during the reign of this Administration, and the existence of this
scheme, with the same number of yearsof Mr. Adams's admi-
nistration, pronounced by Mr. Van Buren in 1827, to be prodi-
gal in the extreme. And 1st, I will show how the comparison
standai—of aggregate ex pendituies independent of the payment
of public debt of any kind, redemption of Treasury notes or
Government liabilities of any sort. I read from the official
statement furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury, in leply
to the resolutions of the Senator from Missouri, (Mr. Benton,]
this session, bearing date May 7th, 1840, the idenlical document
relied upon by the friends ol this Administration to vindicate
its economy; upon this record I take issue and risk my objection
u nder this heap of my argument—now for the figures._________

Aggiegate expendi-
tures of the first three
years of Adams's ad
ministration, inde
pendent of public
debt.
«15.330,114
11,490,459
13,062,3 6
$39,832,919
Adams.
\ggrcg.ue expendí-
tures of the first three
years of Van Buren's
administration, inde-
pendent of public
debt.
«37,243,214
33.849,718
25,2*2,797
«97,<'65,729
j           39,682,919-
«57,192,810
Aggreeaie amount oi
expenditures during I
Mr.Adams'sadminis-1
tration, three firs I
years, for permanen. j
and ordinary purpo '
see, including pay-,
ments on accnunt ol'
objects either extra-
ordinary or tempo i
rary.                        ¡
[Aggregate amount of
expenditures   during
Mr. Van Buren's ad-
ministration,     ihree
I fiiet year , for perma-
! nent   and   ordinary
| purposes,   excluding
i payments on account
! of objects either ex-
I traordinary  or tem-
porary.
1824
1825
1826
«7,107,892
6,537,671
7,054,872
«20,704,436
1837
J>38
1S33
«13,098321
13837,494
13,325,800
«40,861,615
20,/04,435
