June, 184&.____       .___        APPENDIXfYO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      77S
86th Cono.......1st Sbss.   .„
To* latt comparison includes none of the following Items;
men a* the public debt, trust funds, ¡nJemniüe3,claims of State
for war debts, or three per cents on lamia sold; occasional dona-
tions in money to object* in the District of Columbia, or other-
wise; survey of the coast; taking the census; duties refunded;
exploring expe.lltion; and materials collected for the gradual im-
provement of the navy, (including improvements at navy yards,)
durable public buildings of all kinds: bridges and fortifications;
all roads, canals, breakwaters, and improvements in rivers and
harbors; arming the militia and forts; all pensions except those
to invalids; and the purchase ol tula to lands from Indians,
(Indian Department;) the removal of Indians, and the wars;
with such other paymonta as may have been made in those
years for property lost, or injuries committed, during any hosti-
lities. Noue of these years or columns include any thing on
account of the Post Office Department.
Mots.—The expenditures lor 18J2 are subject to variation on
the settlement of the Treasurer's accounts lor that year, which
have not yet reached this office.
Treasury Dbfartmunt,
Register's Office, May 4, 1340.
T. L. SMITH, Register.
Now, sir, I have been reading (rom a table, prepared for the
express purpose of meeting and refuting the charge of wasteful
and prodigal expenditure upon the part of this Administration.
The first comparison shows an excess of $57.192,810. The se-
cond comparison shows an excess or $2 . , 157,180. The last
showing an expense of double, in the first treble, the sum in
Mr. Van Burens's three years over Mr. Adams's, neither in-
cluding a single one ol the many items embraced in the bill of
exceptions j u«t read. These are the facts, the undisputed and
Indisputable figures. What explanation, what apology, what
what excuse, can be given for this excess, this enormous ex-
cess? Why,sr, various, but unsatisfactory. Amongst others,
it to contended that the increase of "wealth and population" de-
mande and justifies this vast increase of expenditure. Is this
so? I must resort to figures to test this apology; we must con-
sult the lights of experience to test the validity of this excuse.
flow has it been during other Administrations, when popula-
tion and wealth|were equally progressive,all other things being
equaR I will take a period of eight successive years, embrac-
ing the four years of Mr. Adams's administration, and the four
first rears of Gen. Jackson's, and we will see how the matter
18   •15,330.144 «7,107,89-2     1828    «13,296,041  ««7,788,394
1825     11,490,459    6,537,671      1829      12,660,460     7,624,827
1826     13,062,316    7,058,872     1830      13,229,533     7,679.412
1827     12,663,095    7,427,175     1331    ;   13,664,067     7,503,204
Hen we have the expenditures for eight successive years,
embracing the "wasteful administration" of Mr. Adams, show-
ing an increase under one head of only a few hundred thousand,
ana under the other an actual diminution of over one million.
This exhibit, I think, explodes this apology of our learned Se-
cretary aodretailers on this floor. What next; why, when you
block the argument by these figures, that cannot be explained
away or contradicted, gentlemen say, we challenge you for the
items of extravagance; we demand specifications; give us the
bill of particulars. Give the items! Take up the Blue Book
of the Republic, which corresponds with the "red book of mo-
narchies," (as was said in the celebrated report upon retrench-
ment and reform of 1816, made by Van Buren, Benton and Co.)
and read the astounding fact that then, when the Government
was pronounced by this committee rotten to the core with pro-
digality, the number of collecting officers in New York was
only 174, and the amount of their salaries «119,620 39, and that
bow, in the third year of ihe economical reign of Mr. Van Bu-
rén, the number of officers to perform the same duty is 497, and
their annual salaries «556,615 92. In the emphatic language
of this committee, "the Blue Book of the Republic is indeed
a growing little volume;" and "still this is a mere proving of
Executive patronage in tbscity of New York," say this com-
mittee. Take up the report of the Secretary, laid on our table
February 17, 1839, containing a statement each year, frO'n
1769 to I8S7, of the coat of collection of customs, and the rate of
per cent, the cost of collection bore to the value of imports, and
also the payments into the Treasury, and read the figures,
showing the amazing fact that, in 1826, the cost of collection of
all the customs was only «^80,999 18, and that in 1837, with a
smaller amount of duties tobe collected, it amounted to the
enormous sum of «1,492,974, an increase in ten years double of
the Increase from 1769 (it being then 8239,541 03,) to 1826, a
space of thirty-a.ven years. 1 tie rate o' per r~nt. on payments
Into the Treasury in 1826, 3 66—in 1&37, 11 79; almost 4M per
cent, in ten years, whilst the rate of per cent, in 1526 was one
percent, less than in 1783. Tha sime tabic shv>w?th* late of
per cent- of imports in 1826 to be 1.04; in 1637,1.05. So the? e
figure? prove, with no increase of business, in fact a falling off
of business, the number of officers have increased in ten years
from 174 to497; that the cost of salaries of officers. f>r no more
Ul r, has increased from «117,6 0 39 to «rfi/U 92; and inn
the percentage on collection has risen from 3 65 in 1826, to 11.79
ia 1«37.
Sir, I could continue this bill of particulars until it would
mats a volume lar;er than the Blue Book; but I will not reca-
rllulaujlhe specifications.ilready piesentcd by others; nor will
weary the committee by adding a fresh list. Sir, enumerate
Stem upon item, specification after specification, until the heart
«4 a plain American citizen sickens at the contemplation of ori-
ental grandeur and extravagance of this self-styled Democratic
dynasty, aping after royal lashion, and you are instantly met
withthecry, this is invidious, malignant. But, Mr. Chairman,
When all other champions fail, the gentleman from North Ca-
rolina [Mr. McKjlT) comas in to the rescue, an.l, At'as-like,
shoulders the charge of extravagant expenditure, and boa.«ts he
«an carry it triumphantly. And how doc* he umlernke the de 
Iwoel  Byd«nyinga y«fth fiftirwlhay r «d?  J?o,jix}rtl
Independent Treasury—Mr. White.
admits the expenditures, but plead* to the jurisdiction—denies
Executive responsibility.
Sir, I propose very briefly to analyze this defence of expend!,
tures, this labored and somewhat spurious defence of the Admi-
nistration upon this charge of extravagance. This notice is due
to the high position that that gentleman holds in the ranks of his
party, being considered their Ajax Telamón, when there is any
cyphering to be done; particularly when it becomes necessary
to use the new rule in Arithmetic, denominated 'reduction
ascending," to rescue this Administration from an inextricable
difficulty. His plea to the jurisdiction under this indictment
for wasteful prodigality, is, that the Executive is not responsi-
ble for any increase of expenditure. Now, sir, neither admit-
ting nor denying the validity of this plea, I enter replication:
that Mr. Van Buren is estop ed by his bond from offering any
such plea in his behalf, either by himself or attorney. I intend
to try him by his own standard; on the gallows erected for Mur-
deeai I intend, Haman-like, he shall hang. He, in his high offi-
cial character of Senator, in 1826, acung under the obligations
of sworn duty, arraigned Mr. Adams upon a similar charge,
before a similar tribunal. In vain did he, through hisadvo.
cateS|Plead no Executive responsibility: in vain did they say,
"the Executive could originate no laws," "could pass no ap-
propriations," "could not take a dollar from your Treasury
without law." These pleas, now so pathetically and feelingly
made, were then ruled out of court by Judge Van Buren, with
his associate justices, Benton and Co presiding. Truly has it
been said, retributive justice will surely come, sooner or latent
will come. And in thia instance, there is a remarkable coinci-
dence, Mr. Chairman, in the lapse of time, between the deed
and the visitation of justice, with another that transpired many
centuries since.
In ancient history, we read of a tyrant of Agrigentum, who
made use of the most excruciating torments to punish his sub-
jects on the smallest susp cion. Perrillus, one of his subjects,
made him a brazen bull, and when he had presented it
to Fhaleris, the tyrant ordered the inventor tobe seized, and the
first experiment to be made on his body. These cruelties did
not remain long unrevenged; the people of Agrigentum revolt-
ed in the 10th year of his reign, and put him to death precisely
in the same manner as he had tortured Perillus and many of
his subjects after him. These examples of retributive justice
should be preserved in history as monuments of terror to ty-
rants, as evidence of God's eternal justice to martyrs—to pa-
triots. Yes, sir, he that was broken upon the brazen bull ef
Executive responsibility for Government expenditures in "29,
will live to see the inventor of the infernal machine writhing in
March 1841, under the grinding feet ot his own cruel device.
Now to the analysis of the defence of the gentleman from North
Carolina, and considering he hails from "Old Rip Van Winkle,"
he has made more progress in refined notions than any plain,
unsophisticated Southern man I have any acquaintance with.
The President is said to be a magician, and likely his associa-
tion has been of the familiar kind with him. The talismanic
art is quite communicative. His next defence is, "The money
was in the Treasury and it must be expended." This is his
own language; this Is new doctrine, although we are told there
is nothing new under the sun. The gentleman is entitled to the
conception of originality; this excuse possesses that quality if
no outer. Congress, in its wisdom, has devised another mode,
besides wasteful extravagance, to deplete an overflowing Trea-
sury It seems strange that so recent an example should have
escaped the gentleman's memory. A remedy for a surplus
Treasury quite as successful, as wasteful extravagance, and in-
finitely more beneficial in its effects, though in this debate this
wise and most provident measure has not escaped the ruthless
hand of assault. Time will not allow, or I would gladly review
some of the "unmeaning bombast" that stunned my ears only a
few days since from the opposite side of this hall [alluding to
the gentleman from New \ ork, Mr. Vandbrpoel] on this to-
pic. Not content with making a defence for the Administra-
tion, the gentleman ftom North Carolina ha* thought fit to carry
the war into Africa, and assault the Opposition, charging upon
them the authorship of this surplus, which imposed the indis-
pensable duty on the Administration to expend it, whether pro-
fitable or not to the nation. He charged the surplus to the tariff
of'28, and that the Opposition were high tariff men and had
passed that measure, that bill ef abominations. I take issue
upon both of thsee points, and as his speech is intended for
Southern consumption, and as its bold assertion and ad captan-
dum phrases may mislead many who have net looked into the
facts, I will investigate these points a little. I have already by
a table exploded the first idea, that the surplus arose from the
tariff, and I will now explode the second notion, that the Oppo-
sition are responsible fot the tariff of '28, not by assertions such
as the gentleman has resorted to, hut by testimony and corrobe
rating facts that he will not deny when I present them. Testi-
mony that lie will not question the credibility of. Icharge back
upon the gentleman that Mr. Van Buren was the instrument
that caused the passage of the tariff bill of '28, and but for his
influence, intrigue, management and vote, that bill of "abomi-
nations" would have failed, would not have become a law.
This I know, is considered a bold assertion. I see Southern
men pricking their sars; it even waks3 you up, Mr. Chairman,
"monument of patience smiling at grief," as you are, or seem
to be. I see it depicted in your countenance, this cannot be;
hnid, donot commit yoursefves prematurely; hear the facts he.
fore you enter judgment, lest you may be compelled sudden-
ly to review your opiuion,however unwillirp, however reluc-
tmt, however painful. To the testimony—I firm call the Hon.
J C. Calhoun to the witness stand, a witness of hicli credibili-
ty with th" accused. I read from his speech delivered in the
Senate of the Uni'ed States in the year 1837, on the bill propos-
ing the reduction of the tariff. Speaking nf the tariff of 1828,
intheproereis of his remarks, he rays: "Have you forget the
tr.r;ffof 1H25, that bill of abominations, so execrated by the
South, and which has brought so many disasters upon the
ountryl I have* [looking at Silas WntGHT, Senator from
New York,] iis author in my eyes, and he knows the lart. He
knows the pert he bore in the passage of that act, and the
means by which it was effected. It was passed by a breach of
faith; we were deceived then, it will not by my fault if we be
deeeivedag-iin." Shortsighted man. Low little thou knowest
ol the future—supremely ignorant of thy own future though's
and acli'm . "Know thyself' was a wise maxim, though
spoken by a heerhen. This Is a lamentable proof of its pro-
found philosophy, with volumes of woful experience of treach-
ery arid itifiuelhy, public and private, before the eyes of this
b^uliiwetaiesmep. Themistncles, the political Mile retnrnsto
 he embrace  of the ton of Alcmeon, the dupe, a second time,
of hi , wbo ha* onw deceived and latrajed the South,   Agal n,
H. of Reps.
in same speech: 'The tariff of '28 was as much a political
movement as a measure of protection. The protective policy
had triumphed in Congress by tha passage of the tariff act of
'24. [Voted for by Mr. Van Buren without instruction.] Em-
boldened by this success, an attempt was made in the session
of '¿6-7 to increase the duty on wool and woollens, which was
rejected by my casti ng vote as presiding officer of this body. A
combined movement was then made by the manufacturing in
ttrests which met at Harriaburg, and agreed on a new tariff.
This movement was understood to have the countenance of the
then Administration. In the meantime, the anti-tariff interest
of the South had selected Gen. Jackson as their candidate
against Mr. Adams for the Presidency. His principal strength
in the tariff States lay in Pennsylvania, New York and Ohio.
They were thoroughly in favor of the protective system, and
his supporters then ttere not a little alarmed at the movement
atHarrsburg. The battle was to be fought in Congress. On
the meeting of Congress, [Mr. Adams's administration proved
to be in a minority,] Mr. Stevenson was elected Speaker, (now
Minister at St. James,) and then, as now, a devoted friend to
the President elect. (Mark this paragraph, Mr. Chairman; I
ask your especial attention, as every other membei Inm Vir-
ginia; it is pregnant with truth upon this much misunderstood
point.) It was apparent that the movement of the session
would be governed by the tariíf question, and the Committee on
Manufacturen was so organized as to give the control to the
friends of Mr. Van Buren in the Middle and Western Spates.
Mr. Mallory, who had long been chairman, was continued.
Mr. Wright^ present chairman of Finance in this body, then a
member of the other House, and Mr. Moore, of Kentucky, al-
terwards Minister to Colombia, and Mr. Stephenson, of Pitta-
burg, were placed on the committee, who, with one member
from the South, gave a majority against Mi. Adams's adminis-
tration. Representing, as this committee did, the interests of
the Middle and Western States, which were thoroughly tariff,
they reported a bill with much higher rate* than the Harnsburg
project. The bill passed the House, but in so obnoxious a form
to the New England States, that a large portion of their repre-
sentatives joined thoseofthe South in voting against it. When
sent to the Senate, it was soon ascertained that in this body,
where the Southern and Eastern States had a much larger re-
presentation in proportion, there was a decided majority against
it in the form it came from the House. Every New England
Senator, with the exception of one or two, was understood tojbe
decidedly opposed; and relying on the assurance on which our
friends acted in the House, we anticipated with confidence and
joy that the bill would be defeated, and the whole system over-
thrown by the shock. Our hopes were soon blasted. A cer-
tain individual, then a Senator, but recently elected to the high-
est office in the Union, [M. Van Buren,] was observed to assume
a mysterious air in relation to the bill. The mystery was ex-
plained when the bill came up tobe acted upon. 1 will notgiva
in detail his course. It is sufficient to say that, instead of re-
sisting amendments, as we had a right to expect, he voted for
all that were necessary to secure (lie votes of New England;
. particularly the amendments to raise the duties «n woollens.
All these amendments, with one or two exceptions, were car-
lied by his votes, as appears from the journal now on my
table."
In corroboration of this evidence, I J(rill give a short extract
er two from the speeech of Mr. Van Buren, delivered at Albany,
New York, 10th of July, 1827, at a tariff convention, the sum-
mer previous to the passage of the famous bill of 18¿3. The
occasion of the speech was this, as appears from its contents:
During the preceding session of Congress—that of 1826, '7—the
celebrated woollens bill was introduced into the Senate, Mr.
Van Buren being a member, and near the close of the sees'on,
the bill was laid on the table, Mr. Van Duren not voting. The
friends of the bill charged him with designedly "dodging" the
question. To clear himself of this charge, he appears before
the Albany tariff convention, and made a speech in favor ot pro-
tection throughout.   In that speech he say*:
"It will cot be necessary for the purpose ef the present dis-
cussion, to go further back than the tariffof 1824. At that time
he had the honor of a seat in the Senate of the United States,
and had given the tariff of that year a decided eupport. The
Senate was so equally divided, his vote might have defeated the
bill."
I will not weary the committee by reading the entire speech.
It is full of tariff—tariff, and nothing but tariff—teeming with
protection—protections-protection—concluding with this me-
morable and characteristic patsage:
"He owed many thanks to the meeting for the very kind at-
tention with which he had been listened to by gentlemen, be-
tween many of whom and himself there had, upen public mat-
ters, been differences of opinion of long standing. His situation
in reference to the wool-growing interest was well known to
most of them. He had at present invested more than «90,000 in
sheep and farms, devoted to that interest. He felt all proper
conceinfor his own interest, and of course would cheerfully
unite in all suitable measures for its advantage."
I here close my proof on this point. In view of the facts I
have brought to the attention of the committee, it would seem
Impossible for any sincere Inquirer after truth to resist the con-
vicuon that to Mr. Van Buren and the party now in power, and
not to tiie Opposition, belong ihe evil of palming upon the conn.
try the tai iff act of 1823. Thii bill ol abominations, as it is
termed, to «Inch the South Carclina Senator, in his late ip<ech
in ih<) tVnatc, has traced all the evils, and disirep?, and rvjin,
with which this devoted country has been afR.oied for Ihe latt
twelve years, omittirg altogether in that speech (¡10 doubt tu.,
i tentionally) going into the origin of that act, its history, ua
authors.
There ¡gone other argument in defence of the wasteful expen-
ditures of the Adminintraüon, advanced by the honorable g< lule-
manfrom Nor !i Carolina. It is in the nature of a plia of set
off. Tcthuieally, tins plea can never be filed in suit, except
previous notice has befn given. As the gentleman is engaged
in the support of a bad rause, I am not disposed to resort to
technicalities even to combat sophistry. Well, sir, what is,ha
set ofll The argument-is this: -That during the past Admin s.
tra'ion.no new uuties have bctnlaid, but that a great many du-
ties had been repealed, amounting in the period . f time bet ween
the years 1831 and 1836, to or.e hundred and seventeen million*
of dollars, in round numbers, making an actual n ducion m the
burdens on the people of these amounts." This ia tlie  tgu«
ment of the honorable gentleman, in his own figures and words.
This is a heavy i'em—a large mm—and if it should mm out tr>
be a just credit, it pcttles the difficulty «t once—the defence is
complete—itiejnore than complete—Mr- Van Bi'tvn ts entitled
to «Judgment tor over *i* mU:J«n*| í°* Uto ameuM saved «x>
