Í74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th Cong""1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. White,
June, 1840.
H. of Rep .
cols hi- en'ire  r **rxpenditures, that being only the reduced
s iia ol one k 'ti red aud eifcven millions m iliree >ears. Now,
sn', «uaiics a  i'- would stem to any candid, sober-minded man,
ihs sacha dei laratton as this would mem a serious reply, yet,
s.cli is the icign ol humuosgery at this day in this country, that
tins r.dici aus ab urdit\, tin  tl insy sophism, is one ol the ste-
r«.ot\ Did dt tences and boasts ol the parly in [rower. You find it
loriuetirtt t.nij in tile Message oi ISoj; it is repeated m the
speech ol Mr. ii.lt of New Hampshire, of the Senate, in 183G; it
is reasserted in t.  a s¡-eech of the candid gentlema i irom North
Carolina, l .1  session, u is enlarged upon in the Democratic ad-
d.-essat Ualuuioie. Vou see, sir, it is a favorite idea with the
te.tstyled U^m.cracj: it deserves some consideration, some
cíai.iioaih n, i hatly as it is when silted, bubble as it will in ove
to be, when pierced by the spear of truth. Now, sir, the first
of j ec. ion I Ii.tc tome validity ol this set oil', pleading to its me-
rits, is, tlui i caniot see what right the gentleman, has to take
ac'soi General Jacks >u's administration and apply them in de-
fence of Mr. Van Buren. 2.1. According to the argument in the
lorejoiiig part ol the gentleman's remarks, neither General
Jackson, Mr. Van Buren, or any other President, is entitled to
any credit or responsibility or blame for the expenditures, in-
crease of buidens, or diminution of burdens. I will give his
own language: ' The gentlemen in the Opposition, in their de-
sire to throw the lesponsibilny of the increase ol expenditures
upon the Executive Depaitmeut of the Government, lose tight
oi the tact that tho President cannot originate money bills, or
add any thing to the burdens of the appropriations, or take from
them " 3d. This reduction was effected, as the honorable gen-
tleann contends, by the operation ol the compromise act. The
argument is this: bat for the modification of the tariff of 1828,
by the passage ol the compromise act ol 1833, the duties would
have amounted lo one hundred and seventeen millions of dollars
more than in the period before named; eigo, by this enormous
reduction, the burdens of the people have been lessened one
hall; mid for this kind favor, General Jackson is first entitled
to credit, and then, by way ol imputation, Mr. Van Buren is to
come in for a full benefit. It is a bioad shield, th it can cover
the spendthrift prodigality of both these Administrations. The
■whole argument proceeds upon an assumed hypothesis—an if,
technically upon what logicians call a begging of the question,
to get to the conclusion, which was this: "Provided the imposts
had been as heavy during the seven years above named, the act
ol l&S, in the meantime, remaining iioa'tered." Now, sir, this
proviso surrenders the whole argument—it cuts off the set off
close by the roots. Every body knows, who knows any thing
of the nature of oi>r cemuierre, that had the tariff ol 182S con-
tinued in lull force until 1337, our imports would have been
grea ly less than they were under the modification of the act of
lo-iS and the compromise of 1833. 4th objection. To the ar-
gument grow mg oat ol this plea ol set off, neither General Jack-
eon nor Mr. Van Buren is entitled to the credit of any reduction
of taxes or burdens springing from the compromise act. It on
atinated in no recommendation of theirs—no hand of theirs drew
the bill—no bead ol theirs dictated—no heart of theirs prompted
its conception—it was forced upon them both against their will—
it received their cold and reluctant sanction. TSir, permit me to
say to the gentleman from North Carolina, steal not the livery
that belongs to another, to hide the deformity of your party-
give tribute to whom tribute is due—give unto Caesar the things
that are Cassar's—strip not the author of that measure of his
just honor, who alone of all other men in this Confederacy, has
had the pe uliar g kxI fortune ol being the instrument of saving
this Republic in every trying exigency, for the last quarter cen-
tury—aim, who, upon more tho.1 one occasion, when his coun-
try was shaking te its centre, standing upon the verge of civil
war—party billows rolling over the topunast of the Constitution,
tossing it to and fro, by bis genius, his sagacity, his powers of
persu mion, his patriotism, hie moral courage, poured oil on the
ag.tated waves. The troubled sea was calmed, the ship of Slate
was restored to its orgmal mooring*, hersiils again unfurled to
thebreez , without a single sttipa stained, or a single stu b ot ed
out. Br. s r. tli.s statesman needs not my p«ir eu'ogy—Ins
fame is identified with ihe history of his country fur me last
thirty years—nis impress is upon every measure connected with
its pr.js;«riiy during that eventful period. His indignant veto is
marked upon eveiy act of usurpation. Whenever that history
H written ny an impartial pen, his fame will fill its brightest
pige-% When lead, his mem iry will receive the first homage of
the pi riot's heart in every country, and evety clime.
I cl we upon ihi3 head. The labored argu neut of the gentle-
man from Noitu Carolina, a!s.> of the chairman ol Ways and
Mea is. Mr Jones, from Virginia, going into a «pacification of
extraordinary expenditures, all falls to the ground, when it is
seen that in the comparison 1 have instituted, evciy item enu-
merated i>y them, and furnished as apolngies and explanations
by theenurmouo incr. ase, is excapte I in the calculation.
I now corre, Mr. Chairman, to the consideration of the mis
ceUaneousobjeciians.   lusa measure of favoritism, of bounty
ti the ofli;e holue.s—the tax receivers, anil a measure of une-
«j'iil ami oppressive exaction upon the people—the taxpayers.
The Presi lent perceiving this incontestable and natural effect
ol the scheme, so obvious tp the common undemanding and
common sense of the plainest farmer in the land, in his special
message of 1837, he labors to mystify and evade this ju*.t ob-
jection, by a flimsy cobweb disguised argument.    The Presi-
dent seems that the effect of the scheme would be to create
twod'stir.ct speces of currency in the countrv—thebasercur-
rency fur the use of the people—and the better currency forthe
djar officeholders—himself being chief of the clan, at ihe tune
of 823 tWJ in hard money—eqnal—under the operation of the
Suo-Treas iry system, to the increased sum of 82,500, as a pre
miumt-n ihe currency of the people, making his salary in fact
the sum oi 337,500, instead of the sum fixed by the Conslitution.
Oh, msdern Democracy !   Thou art a selfish virtue.   The Pre-
sident to secure thii additional amount to his annual salary,
without any imputation of selfish speculation, brings all his
powers of ingenuity an 1 sophistry into requisition, to prove
that so far Irom its beng a matter of favor to the office holders
to receive nn>hing but ha'd n oney, that it is actually a restric-
tion— 'Imi'ation upon the Government—no unjust measure of
discrimination."   This is the argument, ra her the assertion of
thePreSile.it    A rnndsomc Coinpltm nttothe l ite.ligence of
V mgrcss—"o the ¡ntel'igence of the people.   It is only neces-
sary tosíate the proposition, to refute it—it (alls stillborn by its
pregnai.' and flagrant absurdity    The measure is one of "re-
s-tiction," ye?, of double '•restricti'wi."   It Is true, it restricts
tho ¡ax gatherer and the office holder to oi.e currency, but that
currency happens to be gold and sliver; th"! belter currencyat
a preroiJin of from five to twenty-five per cent over the cur-
rency of the people; at the same time it restricts (he tax payer
to one currency, in the discharge of hit dues lo Government,
and that currency is gold and silver, I ask our people lovmtr
President, where the oppression—grinding exaction ot the
"restnctive lealurt" of the scheme pinches? On whom does
it la'H On theGoteniincn'? No, sir. On the cfficrt holders?
No, sir; it falls upon the dear people, whom the Presiden and
his clique have so tender a regard lor, whose whole em uloy inent,
by night and by day, is devotedly engaged in devising plans to
save them irom sell-ruin, if professions of kindness are worth
anything. Sir, 1 will not labar the aiguniem on this point of
cruel and relentless "restriction," not upon the office holders as
the President contends, but upon the people. A measure of un-
just discrimination ai d favor, not to the people, but to the orhce
holders. It seems to me every tax payer who is not as blind as
snakes in dog days, is ready to exclaim: good Lord! save me
from such Executive benevolence, such friendships, surh favo-
ritism. He will say it may be sport to you, Mr. President, in
the language of frogs in the fable to the boys, but it is ilealh to
me. Sir, the proposition is too ridiculous to teceive grave argu-
ment, it tefiects contempt upon the intelligence ol the peoide—a
contempt that should be rebuked, and it shuuld be cast back in
the teeth of its author with scorn and derision, and in the name
of my constituents,! cast it back, as disrespectful to their un-
deistanding—to their common sense—to their intelligence.
Again, 1 object to this measure, because of l's'direct ten-
dency to reduce the price of lalwr and domestic products of
every kind. In the midst of the political mania that has seized
the brain of a certain portion of the friends of this measure, so
far from considering the first branch of this obiection as en-
titled to any weight, it is urged, boasted of, as one of its virtues.
These Sub-Treasury orators, whilst they were straining their
ingenuity to satisfy the manufacturers that their scheme would
he the great desideratum they had been seeking so long, to
guard them against foreign competition, did not perceive that
this argument was a two edged sword, until it was seized by the
Opposition, and its deformity exposed and held up to the burn-
ing indignation of the laboring class. The argument in a nut-
shell was this. Pass the Sub-Treasury, it will curtail the cur-
rency, thereby diminishing the measure of values of all kind—
the price of labor—the puce of cotton—the price of all pro-
ducts, that are necessary ingredients of manufactured articles.
Therefore, it is said to the manufacturer, if the raw material
is reduced the pnce of labor is reduced—the price of all
bread stuffs, and meats reduced; the consequence is irresistible,
that you can afford to sell the manufactured article just so much
cheaper in competition with the foreign manufa.uirer in this
country, or in a foreign market. The process of reasoning is
strictly logical, it is irrefutable. This lsbuilding up the manu-
facturer, the large capitalist very snugly; but it is at the ex-
pense^and ruin of the haid handed laborer m the employment
ofthtfcapitalist—of the hard working farmer who earns his
support in sun and in rain by the sweat of his brow. Time
will not permit, and I fear the patience of the committee, nor
my own strength will allow, or I would read extracts horn the
speeches of three distinguished leading supporters ol this
scheme, delivered during this session, distinctly taking this
giound. I allude to Mr. Walker of Mississippi, Mr Calhoun
of South Carolina, and Mr. Buchanan of Pennsylvania. Any
gentleman who doubts whether I have misrepresented the argu-
ment of these gentlemen, can satisfy themselves by relerenceto
the speeches. I have them on my table before me, free lor in-
spection. I know, sir, one of these distinguished gentlemen,
weeks after his speech went to the press and to the country, and
weeks after the reply of the Hon. Senator Irom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis.] exposing and laying hare the horrid argument,
tho gentleman, alter waking up fiom his delusion, or alter per-
haps being waked up by cooomuaieiUioo ' front soma .bare
working laborer, undertook to explain and recant himself out
of the difficuliy. But, sir, like theanimalm the Seibonian bog,
every kick he made, the deeper he sunk. And to burrew Ins
own figure, the gentleman from Massachusetts, in despite ol ex-
planation, recantation or equivocation, fixed the aigument upon
htin and there it wnl stick "liicethe shirtot Nessus,"«o long
as his memory lass (or honor or uilamy. i\o escape. Partisans
and politicians may pretend sitislactlon, but the plain uuonng,
hird working man will h ild him to it, will not be bullied or
whsedled out of his common sense. But, sir, it did n >t require
the acknowledgment of these distinguished gentleman to esta-
blish this point; it was a point ten led by three years' woful
experience. This measure havi ig bean in ar.iual practical ope*
ration for three years past, its effects aie not speculative, not
conjectural. It is in vain now to a ty, in the language ol the
official organ, " The Sub-Treasmy is not in force now, nor has
it been; pass this bill and the safety and deliverance ot he peo-
ple instantly ensues.-' You can't gull this community with
such humb'iggery any longer. Labor has filien—ah farming
products have fallen—cotton has fallen, all a.' least one-hali.
The people see it; they ask not of politicians to tell them of
these things, that aro open to their senses. They feel and fee
another most beneficent effect of the practicil operation of this
measure; whilst the price of their labor is reduced one-half, the
price of all foreign necessaries of Ufe, suchas tea, coffee and
sugar, retain thuir former high prices. They see another
thing—whilstthey are reducel to want and beggary, the office
holder receives his fu.] salary. It was wisely wntttnby the father
of his country, in a letter, which I hold in my hand, to Gen.
Knox in 1787: "It is among the evils, and perhaps not the
smallest, of Democratical Governments, that the peop'emust
a'ways feel before they will see. When this happens, they are
roused to action. Hence it is that those kinds of Governments
arc always slow" Deep sagacity, profound sia'esmanMup,
proven by woful experience. The people have long felt the
evils of the present Administration; thank God, they now be-
gin to see tins clearly and distinctly, and they are determined
to remedy them by wise and energetic action, an soon as the
forms of the Constitution will suffer them to make the appli-
ca'i n. Yes, sir, that which was specuhtion in 1837 is now
history, that which was theory is now practical demonstration.
I propose now, Mr. Chairman, briefly to notice the cff.c's of
this measure upon the curr-ncy and commerce of the country,
anil par icularly toanahze the views of the President u; on this
branch of the subject; for at last the arguments in this Houss, as
well as in the other branch, upon this bill, are but copies or
paraphrases of the arguments to be found in the various mes-
sages of ike President. Now, sir, what is the argument of the
President upon these two points? It is perfectly seesaw. He
set  out by denying the power of the General Government, un-
der the grants of the Constitution, to paesany acts for the regu.
It ion of the exchanges, for the relief of the embarrassments of
the people, or interfering or aiding the ordinary opeiatlonsof
commerce in «ny way.   I give his own language, special Mes-
sage 1837. "II, therefore, I refrain fiom suggesting to Congress-
any specific plan for regulating the exchanges ot tho eountry,
leltevmg the operations of foreign or domestic commerce, it is
fiom a conviction that such measures are not within the consti-
tutional province of the General Government." Again: "All
communities are apt to look to Government for too much."
The President then sums up the powers ol the General Govern-
ment, "as he now understands them," (not as he understood
them in 1836, when he wrote his famous electioneeiing letter to
my colleague, S. Williams,; over both commerce and currency,
in this short sentence: "In the mean time it is our duty to pro
vide all the remedies against a depreciated paper currency,
which the Constitution enables us to afford " Again, in his mes-
sage oi 1S3S1- "The direct supervision of the banks belongs,
from the nature of our Government, to the States who authorize
them. Itisto their Legislatures that the people must mainly
look for action on that subject." Again: "The commerce and
currency of the country are suffering evils from the operation
ol State banks which cannot and ought not to be overlooked;
wh.le the keeping ot the public revenue in a separate and inde-
pendent Treasury, and of collecting it m gold and silver, will
havea salutary influence on the system of papercredit." Here.
then, in these few brief extracts, we have the theory of the Pre-
sident defining his constitutional powers, and describing the ef-
fect of this measure upon commerce and the currency. Th 
modus operandi is given in other clauses of the message.
When the President wishes to give importance to this scheme,
by showing its powerful agency in effecting a salutary check
upon the over-issues of banks, he uses this language: "By using
specie only in its transactions, the Government would create 
demand for it which would, to a great extent, prevent its expor-
tation, and by keeping it in circulation, maintain a broader and
sifer basis for the paper currency." When the objection is
pressed upon the President, that his scheme will bear unreason-
ably upon the banks, cause distrust in their solvency, require a
sudden and ruinous curtailment of their circulation, unsettle
the mixed standard of values, depress the price of property, di-
minish the means"of the debtor to discharge his debt, add dou-
bly to the wealth of the creditor by the enhanced value of mo-
ney, growing out of the difference in the amount of circulation
between the time when the debt is contracted and when the debt
fallsdue, make the rich richer and the poor poorer; oh, he says,
this is all a mistake, this is all Whig "panic." Hear him in his
own language, and see with what financial skill and sagacity,
and accuracy of calculation, he explodes all these fanciful ob-
jections. 1 read now from his message of 1837, called session:
"It i , however, a mistaken impression that any large amount
of specie is required for public payments. Of the seventy or
eighty millions now estimated to be in the country, ten millions
would be abundantly sufficient for that purpose." If in addi-
tion to this consideration you look, he says, "at the facilities
which will arise from enabling the Treasury to satisfy the pub-
lic creditors by its drafts or notes, receivable in payment of the
public dues, it may safely be assumed that no motive «f conve-
nience to the citizen requires the reception ofbank paper by the
Government." But, sir, permit meto read a revised view of
tint opinion, to be found in the last annual message, after three
years of deep financial study, and "sober second thought" upon
this point, and admire the display of sagacity manifested by our
Chief Magistrate in the accuracy with which he guessed at the
amount ol specie that would be necessary under his "untried
expedient"—the Independent Treasury—to conduct the finances
of the Government: 'These objections have bee.i greatly exag-
gerated; from the best estimates we may safely fix the amount
of specie in the country at eighty-five millions of dollars, and
the portion of that which would be employed at any one time,
In the receipts and disbursements of the Government would not,
it is now ascertained, if the change was made at once, after full
investigation, exceed fou' orfivemiihons " And such, he says,
is the i apidity with which the money passes in and out of the
Treasu ry, so rap d is the evolution, "that of nearly twenty mil-
li ms of dollars paid to collectors and receivers during the pre-
s^nt year, the average amount in their hands at any one time did
n t exc> ed one million and a half; and of the fifteen millions re.
ceived by the collector at New York during the present year,
the average amount held by him at any given time has been lesa
than half a million." What harmony of sutemente; in one
moment this scheme is to work miracles by its demand for s e-
cie. stop the exporta ion, curtail the over-issue  of bariks, en-
large the amount ol gold and silver, make the paper currency
sounder and safer, a machine of most beneficent and efficacious
potency; an objection is raised; the statement is instantly
changed; itsopeiation will be so light, so easy, its requisition for
sil ver and gold so small, that its effect will not be felt in the re.
motest degree, even if the sudden demand for the entire revenue
were made at once in specie, but especially when modified by
the demand for only one-fourth, that to be gradually increased
at one-fourth per year for four years; and m addiiion to all this,
the mollifying operation of using Treasury "drafts and notes."
This double dealing, this b owing hot and cold with the same
breath, betrays on the paitof the Presidenta vacillation of judg-
ment, or a facility < f tergiversation, either of which is of itself
sufficient to destroy all respect for his opinions, and greatly to
shake the public confidence in his declarations, as well aa the
purity of his motives, even upon the most grave and vital ques-
tions. Sir, the Chief Magistrate, in his reveries of gold and
silver delusions, has fallen into another most egregnous finan-
cial mistake, no doubt without mature reflection; perhaps
warped somewhat in his j udgment by an over anxiety to sustain
a favorite scheme; he has, with a rapidity of thought amount-
ing to intuition, rushed to the hasty and erroneous conclusion
that all our revulsions in trade and fluctuations in currency are
clearly attribit able to thebankingsystem, thecredit system; and
that the simple operation of collecting the dues to the Govern-
ment in specie will have the magical effect to protect the coun-
try anin-t oser-trading, wild speculation, bankruptcies, fluc-
tuations and suspensions. Why, sir, all history, all experience,
all analogy, contradict such an idea. Two of the wildest cpecu-
litions that ever entered the brain of manwere devised, prose-
cuted, and exploded in hard money times; the one in a nation
where there was no bank in existence, the other in a nation
where a b ink had been but recen'ly instituted,with but limited ea-
p tal, and only partially in operation; I need scarcely state that I
alíndelo the South Sea scheme and the Mississippi scheme.
The history of those times nre full of indivilual failures and
bankruptcies, in amount and extent ui.surpassed at the present
da\; and as to the fluctuations in prices at various timeB in the
history of the world, before a bank had been invented, before
such an idea h d penetrated the mind of man, they were far
greater than any now known to commerce or trade in any part
of the globe where bank currency is established,   I will read a
