June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
77?
f6TH Cono •••1st. Skss.
Indepmdeni Treasury—Mr. Sergeant.
H. of Heps.
mverrelusetosurren er offenders of this class " Sir, had our
vunlsAi President availed himself nf this knowledge, and em-
pEjjwIhimselfiii ihe detection of the grand plunderers of the
Treasury, who have been for yean travelling and living in
prince y style <n ln* nioit magnificent cities of Europe—Swart
woatwith his million and a quarter, and Pnc with histhou
bdoj—Instead of burning tne midnight lamp, manufacturing
a labered defence and recommendation of a thrice con-
tanned financial scheme, and a cruel and wanton aitack
upon State institutions, his conduct wou d have challenged
«nd received the gratitude, praise, and honor of a lice
people. But no, sir; no demand is made for their sur-
render, no effort is made for their detection, no <ha-
tharf  of a high and Imperative Executive duty, what
a vigilant public servan', what a watchful guardian of the
psoptra mon y; what an example of official rectitude. And
y«t,sir, inthe faceofthi* flagrant dereliction of public d ny on
the part of the President, he has the consummate impudence to
iaealtthe people and the States by telling them they have be
come too nrodigal in contracting debts, mo luxunous in their
living, aod too lax in their morals, but that he and his house.
MdTletothers do as they may, intend to live to the Lord, that
they must, at all haxards, "hold erect the standard of, morality
and law." What solemn mockery of virtue' There is one
other principle developed in that correspon lence that our
Chief Magistrate has overlooked, or wilfully neglected to proht
by the suggestion; the principle is this "the best security
aninst the misuse of the public money, is the goe I character
nf the functionary," a doctrine abounding wi h wisdom It ts
passing strange go sage a sentiment should have escaped the
attention of an anxious inquirer after sound po uical truths.
Sir, I would, hail I time, like to review more minutely this
pamphlet of foreign correspondence, but justice to other topics
will not allow I will now proceed to notice two or three other
tramples of hard money Governments, thit have been arrayed
ndebate upon this bill as worthy the imitation of this country
Before I proceed, however, 1 wish to say a few words up >n the
relative condition of England, France, and America It has
been contended in debate, in view of showing the superior ex-
«Ueacy of a hard money currency, over a mixed currency, that
England, though a splendid and magnificent country, was
the poor man'  prison, the hot bed of misery and starva-
tion to toe working classes; and this all attributable to the
peraicioue influence of paper money That France, though
a less splendid, less magnificent country, was the ' happy
had" of the muidle and laboring classes I have a few facts to
to offer the committee to explode all this poetrj., which I will
present without comment. These are the facts and statistics
upon this much denoted topic. The kingdom of Great Britain
Ma an area of 130,000 square miles, France, an area of 2 O 000
square miles; Great Britain, a population of 24 millions,
France,apopulaiion of 32 millions. First. Agncultural pro-
ductions I select the single article of grain as this is the staff
ef life, for rich and poor. Grain Bushels per given average
GreatBntaiQ, 4 14 millions, round numbers France, 369 mil-
lions- Manufactures Annual product of Great Bma,n 2,365
millions of dollars; France, 360 millions of dollars. (Hark
this)
Tke comparative commercial and manufacturing power of
Great Britain and France
France. Great Britain.
Men power Men power
Animate power        -          .          -        6303 019      7,275497
f Mills and hydraulic ang   150000,000      1,2 0,000
buimala j Windmills     •          ■             253,333         240 000
power.   ) Wind and navigation           3000,000    12,000000
(.Steam engines         •            480 000      6 400,000
Totals,                         11,536352    27,115,497
Thus the total inanimate power applied to the arts in France
scarcely exceeds the fourth of that applied in the United King
don of Great Britain and the whole animate and inanimate
power ol the lauer applied to manufactures and commerce is
nearly treble the amount of that oi the former. This is not all,
seethe comparative consumption in the two countr es of two
ef lbs most pleasant and essential articles of human subsistence
Total consumption of sugar mal I Europe per year, average cal-
eakuion, 600,0 4 tons, of which 180 tons are consumed in '-reat
Britain,and 90 tons in France. Annual consumption of coffee.
The total consumption of Europe and the United States 138,500
tons, nearly one fourth of the whole consumed in the United
States and Great Britain. In the latter, the consumption is
about one pound per head, in the former, it is upwards of
three pounds. Two countries impoverished and ruined by the
«sent piper money according to the theory of our enlightened
President and his cUque of politicians A glorious impoverish-
ment' A most happy ruin ' such as any hard working poor
man ought to covet, and would, if be was not wheedled out of
his sense* by the vile falsehood and hypocrisy of hollow hearted
sed pretended friends. Once more on this topic—comparative
consumption of cotton—Great Britain 223,000,000 lbs annually,
France 77.000,000 Now for the prices ol labor in Great Britain,
contrasted with labor in France an 1 other bard money Govern-
ments.   I read from the statistics of an able writer *
"France      -         -          •   6s 8J per weak of 72 hours.
bwitierland           -         -46         do.          82   do
Austria      •         •          -40         do.          76    do.
Saxony       -         -          «26         do           72    do.
Being an average of 3s 11} per week of 79 hours The same
Mr Gregg states the existing wages of Englishmen to range
frem 16s to 30s a week "
I ask the attention of the poor man and the working classes,
to these plain facts and statistics, arid compare them with thu
poetry of the honorable gentle-nan from Massachusetts, Mr.
Williams,and then makeup their judgment upon the relative
eoaubrt and happiness of the people, the great mass of the
people, (not the aristocracy)of the two i ountries But, sir, 'he
«ale ef pauperism in Great Britain has been arrayed and called
spin this debate, by the same gent eman, in most piteous la-
mentation, a  another evidence <>f the imp il cy and ruin of pa-
par money. Now, sir, I offer a short table, to show the pau-
perism of Paris, the richest capital of any hard money Go-
vernment on earth, and it transcends, in misery, *oy thing to
be found in Great Britain.
"According to a recent return, the following are the number
of paupers in the different armndisssmenu of Paris. 1st,
&JWÍ at 264S,  l, 2,406; 4th, 3 129; 6'h, 4,b90, 6th, 6,93o; 7ih,
 Mi 8th, 9,933;  ch,fi,&2; i&ii, £,671, UtM,«*i 13th, 1)^*7.
'Mr. Si
Jlf «MAW
rrt pr ?*«t of *•*♦  
The total is63 947, without including the pautres honttau*
inscribed aitlie Bureaux de Bienfaisance " The same honoia
ble gentleman has exhibited tableaof bankruptcies In England,
lOBhow the fluctuations in trade, a d the mad speculations en-
gendered by a paper money system J,et us see how this matter
sian Is upon fairand ju t comparison I read fiom a learned
discourse delivered by a distiiiguisiiedFrenclimaii,t in Decern
her. 1839, consisting chiefly ol siatistical memoranda He slates
the leeistered cases of bankruptcy for that year at 929, the
whole numb r declared to the Tribunal of Commerce from the
firstofJuiuiry, 1-39 to the gist of January, 1840, 1,013, and the
aggreeate sums upwards of sixty millions of francs Theseate
the failures, formally iccorded and complete, but it is authen-
ically added, that nearly as many cases ol private arrange
mente, compositions, with creditors took place, swellmz the
preceding amounts of insolvency to more than one hundred
millions According to the statistics of the same wilier, the
number and amount of bankruptcies, since the yeai 1835, many
of them total failures, others partial, exceeds that of all the
banks that have eiersuspended or broken in the United States
>io much for (hecomp rattve fluciuations and bankruptc eg of
hard money Qovei nments and paper money Governments But
thereare two other examp'es of foreign Govern ments,reln.d upon
and recommends bv the hard money orators ot tms and the
other branch nf Congress, in support of this bill I read an ex-
tract or two from the speech of the Missouri Senator, delivered
on this bill in the Senate, in thee word* 'Fiance and Holland
present the two highest models lor the study of currency, which
the history of the wotld affords Holland is a subject fn the
study of the Amenaan statesman " Holland' Little Holland,
with a territory of eleven thousan 1 square miles '—a single
Slate of this ITni hi containing 70,000—the temtory of the Uni
led States 22,000 000 square nule<' The inequality of territory
itself, writes upon the assertion stupidity, or a wanton, wilful
effort at gullibil ty—humbugery I now give, sir, a specimen
of the veracity of this distinguished Senator, that his abused fol
lowers may see and know what character of idol they worship
I read fiom the same speech "This is Holland, a country
which has no paper money banks "
I now read fiom an authority, t upon this point, high in credit
in all civilized countries, as a work on commerce and finance
' The Bank of Amsterdam was founded in 1609—(Amsterdam,
the capital of Holland ) This establishment continued to
flourish till the invasion of the French, 1795 Between the
years 1651 and lb7¿, the commerce of Holland appears to have
reached its greatest height In 1690, the enure shipping of
Europe amounted to two millions tons, Holland being the
owner of more than hall,t according to the estimate of a dis
tinguished writer. Holland all this time transacting her domes-
tic and foreign trade, principally in paper money, certificates
of deposite, in the language of Mr Gallatin, "as much bank
bills as notes issued by our banks of discount in this country "
T twas left to the sagacity of the '•Great Humbugger," to dis
cover that "hard money" had any agency in giving wealth,
and power, and national glory to Holland. After the restora
lion ot peace throughout Europe by the treaty of Aix la
Chapelle, ihe trade of Holland rapidly declined. William the
Fourth, Stadtholland, appointed a commission of the ablest
financiers of the country to investigate the causes of the "lustre,
repute, and dignity" of the former commerce of Holland, and
the causes of their decline. That committee made a most
able and elaborate repoit I will not trouble the House by
reading it, it can be found at large in the work I hold in my
hand—I will only say. that it never entered the brain of one of
these able financiers that hard money had any agency, either
in building up or pulling down this immense commerce, and
wealth, and renown of Holland I will now read a brief para-
graph from a distinguished author, upon the internal condition
of Holland, this model for this country to copy lessons of
Government from, this bright example for the American states
man Sir William Tempe, "mentions that in his time taxes
were grea ly increased, afterwards t e necessities of the State
leid to the imposition of taxes on corn, oa flour when it was
ground at the mill, and on bread when it came from the oven,
on butter, and fiih, and fruit, on income, and legacies, the sale
or houses, in short, almost every ar ic'e either of neeessity or
convenience" Amongst other evideices of the happy con
d Hon of the poor, he gives this statement, "one fish saute, was
in common use, which directly paid no fewer than thirty
different duties of excise " This is a glorious Holland— 'a
model, a subject of study, "for an American statesman, worthy
the imitation! and adoption of a free and enlightened people
But this distinguished Sen tor, the great Mogul of the Demo
cracy of this country, says in the same speech, "Holland is the
country forour statesmen to study, but if she is too distant, let
them croas over to th« island of Cuba " Cuba' Cuba1 a fit
model for America—a little speck of land in the Gulf of Mexico,
scarcely discernible to the naked eye, on the vast map of the
world, with no Government of her own—the wretched,
depraved, and degenerate colony, of the most degraded and
rotten despotism of all Europe A model for republican free-
men, an island, without an mstit tion of learnine, a house of
Divine worship, an institution of charity or humanity, without
a public building, save it be a pn«on, to hold her unnumbered
convicts, without a road or a highway a mile fro-n her coast
A country that cannot, in the tide of time, boast of a statesman,
a general a phi oiopher, or a man ef science of any kind, with
out manufactures, without arts, the home of pirates, the asylum
of African kidnappers, the nursery of the slave ttade. This
spot of hell upon earth, isbmstingly held up, in the Senate of
the United Siates, as a choce m del lor the American states-
man This Adminis rat on, not couent with the na,io al dis
grace incurred by importing bloodhounds frim this island, to
mangle and torture a handful of Indians b°causethey are un
willing to leave their homes, their firesides, their land , and the
graves of their f ithers, in discharge of a treaty conceived in
fraud unl treachery, and insummated by force, they now pro
pose to ad I another b'ot of dishonor to the national character,
bv importing a sy^em of f nance Days of Danton and
Robespierre, davs of huminity and Christianity, when com
pared with this day of boasted civilixation in this land of
liberty Giacious Gol, how long will .he ppople slumber?
When, O whtn will they awake fnm their deep sleepl "Must
the very earth quake before they will arouse?" Can they he so
blind as not to see that chains are making to rivet despotism
upon them? Is it possible that in the first half century of
American Independence, the people havo bee >me so depraved,
that, like sheep, they are ready for the shambles) Forbid It,
genius of freedom'     Arouse from your slumbers and hull the
tMcCsllosb/i ComiiMrelal Dictionary. +*lr William Ptitjr.
tyrants from their high places Pass this bill, and let the
people acquiesce in it, and have wc not tied the purse to the
swordhdi of the President! W ill we not convert a pillar of
freedom into an engine of despotism? My soul sickens within
me when I contémplale this iriumpho! Executive will ovor
popular opinion, ey the appliances of Executive patronage.
Have we not a monarchy, pracmally a monarchy? are we
not governed by one maní The title by which a ruler of
a nation is called is immaterial, give him the power of a despot
and he is a despot, though we may call him, ard he may call
himself, our servant
In the conclusion Mr Chairman if I thought a voice would
beheard from one so humble as myself, I would invoke him
who alone, m this cr sis ot universal distress, holds the power
as an earthly, benefactor, to administer relief I would appeal
ohun to give up i he mad promise, made in hisunaugural ad
dress,to follow in the foo'stepsof his llnistnous predecessor,
to summon up moral firmness, the most difficult as «ell as the
most praiseworthy ofail courage, to acknowledge his errors, re-
trace his course, fall back upon the footsteps ofWashingten
and Madison characters worthy ofa'l mntaiion, from the high-
est and proudest of mortals I would say to him, sir, quit, oh
quit you ruinous projects, stop on your downward rusd to de
stniction—destruction to the people's pro-perny, destruction to
civil liberty, desiruction to your own present and future repu-
tation I would say to him go and consult the light of ex-
perience, an experience that lias been tried and pi oven success-
ful upon morethan one occasion of pirm ardifliculty. I would
go one step funher I would beseech hira to cast from
atound him his secret cabinet, his evil advisers, evil
to himself, and evil to hi  country I would say to
him, m the language of the faithful guardian of the
Roman treasure, ' Strike, but hear me " Piess not "expert
ment" upon "experiment," and "untried expedient" «pon
"untried expedient," until the long forbearance of this people
shall become exhausted, until this nation, now the only abiding
place of freedom, shall be hurried, by the madness ot wicked
rulers, into the rage of civil discord, or sink into that more
horrible condition, the arms of sleepy despotism.
But, Mr Chan man, Hiave no hope that any appeal of mine
would move the heart of the high civil ruler of this nation, the
edict has gone forth from the Hermitage, his bond is given
for its execution, lest reason, judgment and experience might
convince him of his error, and drive him from his purpose.'he
has closed every dooi behind h m through which he might re-
treat, he has cut down every bridge of deliverance, and now,
standing upon an awful precipice, with a suffering, bleeding
country at his heels, with the broad gulf of inevitable ruin to
himself and country before him, he maniac like, resolves—
"sink or swim, live or die," my course is onward, sooner than
surrender a miserable "expedient " Inthe languaee of Divine
ins, ira'ion I sav—Met him alone, like Ephnamof old, he is
wedded to his idol " And like all idolators, hedeserves toperi'h,
his doom is already written on the wall, the blazing capitals
elare in his eves by day, and haunt his distempered vision D y
night It is as it should be, as it always has been, retributive
justice is at hand, the God of mercy has said, He is aleo a God
of vengeance From the civil ruler of this nation, I appeal t
the Rulerof the Universe, I pray his interposition; I entreno
him to extend an arm of deliverance and rescue a sinking'
nation.                                                                           ,
_________________\_________________.     •
SPEECH OF MR. SERGEANT,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Souse of Representatives, June 24, ÍS^f—Oa the Sub-
Treasury Bill           y
My intention, Mr. Chairman, in what I hare to say, is to ad-
dress myself to the committee There is no reason for speaking
upon this subject to my constituents Tbey understand it quits
as well as I do, many of them mach better, having Jong had it
under consideration, an 1 viewed ltWhe light which iheir daily
practical operauona afford—the only true light m which ques-
tions touching the currency and circulation ought ever i o be re-
garded They have a reauy felt its efiecls, Us blighting effecle,
during tie last three yeais, and passed upon it a sentence of
condemnation with great unanimity They do not desire to see
it legalized and perpetuated to the continued disturbance and
destruction of t eir inleiests, howevei it may suit the purposes
of those in power to deal thus recklessly with the businessof
the country and the freedom of the citizen
Ncu her have 1 the vanity to believe that it is within the scope
of any ability of mine to enlighten the public mind This may
be, it must be admitted, a very fit object of discussion here But
upon the matters embraced in this pioject, the mind of the
people of this country has long beer, occupied with intense
anxiety It has met them in all their daily concerns, and ihey
have everywhere encountered in it an enemy tu their industry,
their welfaie, and their happiness, until, from a state of unex-
ampled prosperity, eveiy branch ofmdusiry is in the depths
of distress, and the whole land is pale That this reverse, this
searchirg reverse, wl lrh has reached the humblest cmeen, de-
stroying his empl<yment, and reducing or taking away his
means of subsistence, is owing to the measures of the Admitas
tration, I have no doubt whatever Sufficisnt, however, ib it to
know, that these measure and this distress have been cu-
existrnt They have gone hand in hand together. Piecisely
as the Government 1 as advanced in nssclumes and conni-
vances, the pro«pu lty of il c country has íecedcd, until we are
hs if we uad been stiuck wi h famine or pt&tilence The con-
summation has been felt, bitterly felt, for the last three yeais,
and is still upon us Tl at punid will be ma'Ucd as the dark-
est and most disastrous in oui his ory, being the very period
when the powers of the Government have been employed and
exercised with the keet est ins'mcto/ the lot e of >ule, to bieak
down the institutions whi h were found suited to our condition,
to disturb and uproot our accusomed ways of business, to
place themselves in ofpoution and contradiction to what the
people have chosen, appioved, and piaciii-ed with perfect suc-
cess, and to substitute them by dogmas, false m themselves,
fa'se. and over and over again falsifit.d in all that they promised
for the public benefit, and only tiue in their secret efficacy to
undermine our free Constitution, and aggranc'ize our rulers,and
thus to change our Government into something more in the re-
semblance of ttie arbitrarv Governments of ihe old world Ths
public purse is now in the hands of the Executive, and se it has
been for the last three years The circulation and the currency
have been under the control of the Executive for almost ten
years. During all that per od, they have known neither rest or
peace.  Shock after shock has tallen upon them, until the f«-
