jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
779
£6th Cong.... 1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Sergeant.
H. of Reps.
nrttufhi to be guardad «gainst with a vigilance eren beyond
tot value of the money, as endangering all that we hold dear.
This bill, then, I object to, ai opening a new source of ex-
ptadlta.re,anda new claim for contributions by the citizen, to
{rtüch no definite limits ran be assigned. They will go on con-
dnoally increasing. I object to it because it is for the esta-
bbstamentof new offices and new officers, throughout the whole
l!nk>n, who are entirely unnecessary, because the work for
which they are alleged te be created has been, and can be, done
without any expense at all. And I object to it because these
office* and these officer* are to be dependent upon the Execu-
tive, and subject to his will. It is worse than a wasteful expen-
diture, it «positively noxious and destiuctive.
The expenses of this scheme are of two descriptions—those
«hich are set forth in the bill, and those which do not appear,
bat are concealed in its provisions. These latter require to be
: «arched for, they are not fairly disclosed, but seem to be kept
out of sight, as if it were desired that public attention should
got be turned to them. They may be arranged into two classes
_tho*s which can be estimated, and those which cannot. The
latter are the most dangerous. You authorize a new expendi-
ture, but cannot even conjecture what it will amount to—you
cannot foresee what new burden will be laid upon the people to
pay H; and you blindly authorize it without computing, or even
pretending to be able to compute, its weight. Only an ap-
proximate statement can be attempted. Ol one thing, how-
ever, we may be sure, and that is, that any such statement will
fcll short of the truth. The actual expenditure will exceed
aey estimate.
Let us, nevertheless, endeavor to get some glimpse of the
sew branch of expenditure to be created, beginning with the
úpente , of which the amount is given in the bill.
Fust. There are four officers with high-sounding titles, bor-
rtwea from England, and hitherto unknown among us.
A receiver-general at New York, with a salary of       -   94,000
Do.          at Boston,             do.         •          -     2.500
Do.          at Charleston,      do.          •          -     2 500
Do.          at St. Louis,          do.          -          -     2,500
TbeTrtsaurer of the Mint at Philadelphia to have an
increase of                             •                               .       500
Thi Treasurer of the Mint at New Orleans to hare an
of        -          ...                          1,000
113.000
Tta clerk , at «800 a year each   ....    S.lWG
Making a total, yearly, of      -          • 821,000
No one believes that tea clerks will suffice; but let that pass.
We must not, because we are in the habit of talking of mil Ions,
duregard this sum for its smallness. All accumulations, how-
ever large, are made up of small sums. Waste, too, is gene-
rally in small sums. This false estimate is, of all things, to be
fsanM against by States as well as by individuals, who would
practise a true economy. No man can afford to throw away
t dollar, nor can a State or nation. The watchfulness they
mast observe, should be directed chiefly to this point. The
moment a habit of waste ¡s indulged, it will become ascendant,
asi finally produce boundless profusion. There is no such
Iking as small and great in these matters; or, if there be, the
ruled maxim is to take care of things which seem to be
cnall.
Bat is this main Is a sum of 21,000 a year to be disre-
prded—to be beneath our attention—not worth consideiing?
We must remember that it is the money of the citizen we are
talking of, contributed from the income of his capital or labor,
lot] intnmed to us to be used for his benefit, and not to be I
wasted. We should count every dollar, and turn it to the best |
account.
Is twenty-one thousand dollars a year so very small a turn?
Latos pause, and consider a little. Small as it may appear, it
to the interest, at 5 per cent, of a capital of four hundred thou-
und dollars and upwards. How many days' labor would be re-
enired to pay it each y earl At one dollar a day, and allowiug
three hundred working days in a year, it would take ths labor
of oos man for seventy years, or of seventy men for one year,
flow many barrels of flour would be required at the present
prices, to pay itl Five thousand two hundred and fifty barrels,
at Isurdollar  a barrel; eight hundred and forty bales of cotton,
KsutaDdaquartercentsapound. Is this a sum not worth re-
eudingl Government must have made rapid strides in extra-
Tajance(as it really ha* done) when such an argument can re-
cave any countenance.   It is time there was a change.
But every one knows the difference there is between the be-
pmiinj and the end, in such matters, if indeed there be any end,
«Hong as money can any how be raised. Expense begets ex-
pens . It alwas increases—it does not diminish. This will be
more fully exhibited presently. In the mean time, let me ask,
don any one believe that this scheme is to be stationary? Will
knot constantly grow in its claims upen the Treasury—more
receivers-general be wanted, more clerks, more officers'of all
descriptions, high and low, with ail the contingent allowances
wtaea figuren prominently in our accounts! Now, the whole
•f this expense is throw away, or worse—it is unnecessary.
Tat public money can be kept without expense. It can be
kept without expense, nearer to the people, and in a manner
more accomodating to them, as will be seen hereafter. It will
be further from the Executive, and less under his control, which
he may think an objection, but to every right thinking Repuhli-
can must be a high recommendation. Let us not, then, despise
the twenty.one thousand dollars a year. It is quite too much lo
be thrown away.
The next thing to be considered is the cost of the gold and sil-
ver to bs supplied for this use, that is to say, for the exclusive
ose of the Government. According to the bill, it is to be sup-
plied, and for this use alone. As if it might be debased or con-
Ununited by mixing with the money of the people, it is lo be
"pt "without loaning or usi g." No part of it will enter into,
ortnpport, or nourish the business of the country. It is to be
sept apart for the higher uses of Government alone, to circulate
only within that elevated sphere. The appropriation of it is the
"«« as if it were in furniture, or in fabrics of gold and silver.
Who is to supply ill The people. How are they to obtain it?
¿key mast buy it w.th their labor or their produce. What will
■teosttbem? I put It here, under this head, because it is com-
putable, or nearly so. No one is weak enough to suppose that
jt  tob  had for nothing. What, then, I repeat, will it cost?
Theeostof this gold and silver will consist of two parts: First,
the ordinary rate of profit in the country upon tho sum so to be
•«ployed. Second, the wear and lear and loss of the meta's in
*w use. The ordinary rate of profit upon capital, as indicated
 7 we i«e of interest, iffer  in different parti of the Union, In ¡
Pennsylvania it is six per cent. In New York it is seven per
cent. In Louisiana the legal interest is six per cen\ the con-
ventional interest whatever the parties may agree upon, not
exceeding ten percent. What it is in Alabama and Mississippi
I do not know, but I presume that In both the actual interest of
money is, at the present time, higher than that fixed by law. It
would be a fair average to call it seven per cent, per annum
throughout the country. The second item of cost, that is, the
wear and lear and loss or destruction of the metals, is estimated
in the supplement to the Encyclopaedia Britannica, article Mo-
ney, at one fiftieth, or two per cent. I am aware that, in an
essay published some years ago, and ascribed to Mr. Gallatin,
he expresses an opinion that this is too much. Between these
conflicting views, I do not undertake to decide. We must then
see what is the amountupon which these charges are to be esti-
mated. The President, in his message to Congress at the open-
ing of the present session, says, that subsequent investigation
has show  him that it will not be more than from four to five
millions of dollars—say five millions of dollars. The cost, then,
at seven per cent, would be 4350,000 a year. If two per cent,
be added lor wear and tea* and loss, it will make a further sum
of «100,000 a year—«ivmg a total of 8450,000 a year. Add to
this the above «25,000, it makes the total cost 8471,000 a year.
But what assurance have we that the amount will be limited to
85,000,000) We have seen the surplus in the Treasury amount
up to 840,000, besides what was outstanding in the hands of re-
ceivers and disbursing officers. In my opinion, we cannot
safely assume less than double the amount stated by the Presi-
dent as the requirement of this service. That would be 810,-
000,000 ; the cost of which would be 8921,000 a year—almost a
million of dollars. " Under this head, not including extras or
contingencies, nor the certain growth and increase of this branch
of expenditure, every one will agree that this is far too much
to be thrown away. No one will doubt that, as a beginning, it
is extremely dangerous. The maximum is not attained at once.
The expenditure goes on continually increasing. But, apply
this amount, small as it is in comparison with what it will be
hereafter, to labor and produce, what will it require to pay it
every year? The labor of one man for three hundred and thirty-
three years, or 333 men for one year—forty thousand bales of
cottea!—250,000 barrels of flour !
But we have not done with the expenses. The offices and
officers, as already stated, will be continually increased. Look
at the other branches of your Government, and see if this has
not been invariably the case. What guarantee have you that
it will not be so here? I will have occasion presently to exhibit
a specimen of what has happened in one of the Departments of
the Government, which ought to inspire caution and distrust in
any assurances to that effect.
Again: Buildings are to be erected and altered; vaults and
safes are to be provided; and various other things which will be
found in this bill. Further buildings will, no doubt, be re-
quired; further alterations and provisions. What will they
cost? No one has pretended to offer us an estimate; and, if it
were offered, we could not rtly upon it. Look at our recent
experience here, in Washington, under the immediate eye of
the Government, and under our own inspection. The first ap-
propriation for the Treasury buildings, in 1836, was 8100,000.
The estimated cost was understood to be 8450,000, afterwards
enlarged to 8500,000. In the year 1837, 8257,000 more were ap -
propriated; in 1839. 8100,000; in 1840, 8105,000. These sums
make a total of 8562,000, exceeding the enlarged estimate. Yet
the expenditure's have not stopped here; nor have we yet done
with iliem. 834,000 were taken for this use from the appropri-
ations for light-houses. With these and other sums, there have
been now expended 8696,000; and the building is not yet com-
pleted. The architect has applied to the Committee on the
Public Buildings for an additional appropriation of 8100,000 for
the south wing. If a like sum should be required for the north
wing, of 8100,000, we should then have a total of 8896,000.
And a gentleman who is well acquainted with the present con-
dition ef the work, and its probable future demands, has in-
formed me that this work, originally estimated at 8450,000, will
cost more than one million of dollars. The first appropriation
for the Patent office, in 1836, was 8108.000; there have been ap-
propriated for it altogether 8408,000. How much more it will
cost, I cannot pretend to say; but I am assured that the Treasu-
ry building and the Patent office together will not cost less than
one million five hundred thousand dollars. Such is the pro-
gress of expenditure, compared with the appropriation and
estimate for buildings. Of the buildings, and alterations and
repairs, required for this Independent Treasury, we have no
estimate at all. In the 26th section, there is an appropriation of
810,000; but we have just seen that an appropriation is no evi-
dence of what is to be the cost or expenditure. It is but the be-
ginningof the expenditure, to be carried on, and expended in-
definitely. Applying to this appropriation, however, the mea-
sure, if so it can be called, afforded by the Treasury building
and the Patent office, we cannot see in this appropriation of
810,000, a less expenditure than almost ten times the amount.
So much for the buildings and alterations proposed to be made.
Then, again: We are no lowger to have transfers, but trans-
portation; the carrying of the public treasure from place to
place at the public expense. I am not speaking now of the in-
coa venience of this method of proceeding, nor of the unreason-
ableness of the Treasury in refusing to avail i self of the means
afforded by the business and circulation of the country, and
withholding the aid and support it could give to them; this be-
longs to another head to be Heated hereafter; I am speaking
now only of the expense; no man can pretend to say what it
will be, but we have conclusive evidence that it wi'l far outgo
all just calculation and allowance. I refer to a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury of the 24th of February last, on the
expenses of the Government of Wiskonsin. Among the extra-
ordinary items in tint paper, there are some which contain an
instructive admonition upon the question we are now consider-
ing.   Among them I find the following:
"J. De Pelhorst, f.>r transporting specie         •          •   8363 55
Do             do             do                     -          •       158 00
Do             do            do                     -„        -      227 50
Do             do             do                     •          -114 00
Do             do             do                    •                 12") 00
Do             do            do                                         8 00
William B. Slaughter, (the Secretary of the Territo.
ry at a salary of 81000 per annum.) for his ser-
vices ami expenses for transporting 87C00 in specie      200 00
William B Slaughter, expenses in going to St. Louis,
&c.     •          -.....1W 00
William B. Slaughter, for Interest on money loaned       55 00
William B Slaughter, for expense in transporting
monsy from Milwaukee      •        •        •        -     610 00
William B. Slaughter, for procuring money on a pro-
tested draft     •         .         •          -         ■                114 00
William B. Slaughter, for going to St. Louis, negotiat-
ing, receiving, and transporting 820,000, and dis-
bursing the same, (paying the Legislature,)         -      800 00
William  B. Slaughter, expense in collecting a Go-
vernment draft uu land office          .          -          -    100 00"
Some of these, it must be admitted, have been suspended by
the accounting officers, on what ground it does not appear, but
they are all charges.
The charges for De Selhorst, to the amount of 81,209 75, be-
ing entirely for the transportation, appear to have been allowed.
What proportion they bore to the sum iransported, appears only
in a siugle instance, where8200 were allowed for the transpor-
tation of 87000, almost 3 per cent, on the amount; equal te six
months' interest. In the absence of any better ground, every
one may judge from this what id lobe the cost of the manage-
ment of ihe whole public revenue under the same system of
transportation, and what are to be the pickings of the officers
outofit. They need o-ily furiher consider that this is the mo-
ney of the people, which is to be thus sacrificed, extracted from
them by taxation, and lhat il is wholly unnecessary and use-
less, and they will then see a small portion of the enormhy pro-
posed by this bill. It is absolute waste, without any benefit
whatever to the country, to incur the expense of transportation,
and the loss that must arise from selling drafts, where drafts are
used, for the Government well knows tint its transfers can be
made, and have been made, without one dollar's expense.
In estima! ing the expenses of the bill, we must not, as a part
of them, forget the injury that will be done to the circulation and
business of the country. Whatever they amount to, is fairly
to be considered as a part of the expense of this system. If it
should interfere with and disturb, as it will do, the transactions
of individuals; if it should harass and obstruct the circulation
of the banks; if, by its operation, it shouid constantly menace
them with demands for specie, against which they can make no
pi ovision, because they are uncertain intime and amount; ¡fit
snould thus interfere with their usefulness to the country,
whatever losses arise from these or similar causes, are fairly to
be considered as a part of the aggregate expense of this measure.
Defalcations, too, are an addiuonal and certain item of ex-
pense; wherever money is entrusted, there is opportunity af-
forded for abusing the trust; and unhappily we are admonished
by present and past experience that such opportunity is found
to be atemptation too strong for human infirmity to resist. De-
falcations are as regular as decay and death in a forest. The
fairest character, as will be seen hereafter, is no adequate as-
surance against them.   But of this hereafter.
In considering this matter of expense, we must not overleok
the ominous and alarming warning in the 27th section of this
bill: "That for the payment of the expenses authorized by this
act, other than those herein provided for, a sufficient sum of
money may be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated." Here is an unlimited and undefined authority given
to some person—to whom, the bill does not say—to take out
of the Treasury whatever sum of money he may deem to be
sufficient, in addition to what was before specified in the act.
This is a plain admission that the expenses to be incurred un-
der this act are not disclosed in the bill; that there are other
expenses which its frame™ are unable or unwilling to make
known; which they are unable or unwilling to define or to limit,
and for which they lay open the whole Treasury of the United
States to the discretion of the Executive.
There is no conceivable amount of expenditure which is not
warranted by this section. To my mind it is p'ainly unconsti-
tutional. The Constitution, jealous of the public treasure, and
careful that it shall not be drawn from the Treasury but under
the immediate authority of the Representatives of the people by
whom it is contributed, declares that no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury but in consequence of appropriations made
by law. Can it be consistent with this provision, with its
terms, and still more with its spirit and true object, that the
Treasury shall be laid open to any one to take from it whatever
he may think fit? What is this but to delegate u> him the rery
power, in all its plenitude, which was intended to be exercised
only by Congress? How can it, with any propriety, be termed
an appropriation by law to dtaw money out of the Treasury,
when the law neither specifies nor defines the purposes to
which it is to be applied, nor in any manner restricts the amount
to be taken out? It is a palpable contradiction; or, which is
worse, a manifest evasion of the Constitution. It is a precedent
of the most dangerous character. It could never be allowed, if
it could be allowed at all, but under circumstances of such ur-
gent and instant danger as left not a moment for deliberation.
No such thing exists here. There is no urgency in the case.
Three years have been employed In maturing this project.
Session after session it has been urged upon Congress, and it
has claimed to be ready for their adoption irom the time of their
extra meeting in 1837. Hitherto it has been rejected. But
every rejection has been a pause for further deliberation and
for fuller preparation, if necessary, by those who have origi-
ginated and espoused this bill. Every provision, and every
word in it, has, of course, been duly weighed, and it comes to
us, at last, with a determination that not a lever shall be al-
tered. We must take the bill exactly as it is. No amendment
in it will ba permitted. It is of evil augury that among the
leeults of all this premeditation we should find one which dis-
regards or evades one of the most important provisions in the
fundamental law of our Government. And this, too, without
any thins in the shape of information—any thing pretending to
be an estimate—any thing to disclose the intentions ol those who
are to execute the law, as to the extent to which they mean to
carry this delegated power over the whole Treasury of the
United States. "'1 here is a kindred provision equally extraor-
dinary, and to my mind highly objectionable, in ihe 14th sec-
tion of the bill, displaying an equal disregard of the true prin-
ciples upon which the Governmc.it under our Constitution
ouaht to be administered. The Secretary and his subordinate
officers are inves:ed with full power to decide what "necessary
additional expenses for cleiks, fire proof chests, or vaults, or
other neceasarv expenses of safe-keeping and disbursing said
moneys," shall be allowed.
This puwnr, like the former, seems studiously to exclude the
knowledge and the interference of Congress. In both, we dis-
cern the same disposition wh.ch characterizes the whole of this
measure, of transferring all tho power of ihe Government Into
the hands of the President and the officers of his appointment.
No member of either House can inform himself, nor can he
inlbrm his constituents, how much money isto be expended, nor
at what point the expenditure is to cease.   Neither Is there anjr
