780
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, U4&
S6th Cono.......1st Smb.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Sergeant.
H. of Reps.
accountability, the who!  being left to the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive and Ins subordinates—that discretion is the sole mea-
sure. Whether they expend one thousand dollars, or one hun-
dred thousand dollars, or one million of dollars, or ten millions
of dollars, there is nothing in this act which does not leave it to
their discretion. If theie were no constitutional objection, still
such confiding and incautious legislation cat not be too much
deplored as • departure from first principles, and an alarming
step towards aggrandizing the Executive at the expense of the
power of the people by iheir representative*.
But to return to the question of expense. I have said that,
in my judgment, this scheme will not cost the country less than
a million of dollars a year at first. Wo must bear in mind, too,
that expense is productive of expense. It" you establish a new
branch of expense, you know that it will go on increasing and
enlarging, so that the product will far outstrip the parent stock
in sue. There is no calculating the growth of an ill-judged ex-
penditure, nor what it will finally come to, however humble
and diminutive it may appear in the beginning. Two questions
then arise. Is the country in a condition to bear a new imposi-
tion! Does our experience encourage us to impose a new bur-
den by any confidence that we can keep it within bounds')
As to the first of these questions, it is not my intention to say
much just now. It is quite unnecessary. fc.very one knows
that the country is in distress—deep distress—felt more severely
in some parts than in others, but pervading all. Whatever it
may be owing to, industry is crushed, produce sunk in value,
laber without employment, and of course without reward, cir-
culation at a tend, and every interest suffering. If there beany
part which suffers more than the rest, it is the portion where the
great staple of our exporte is ptoduced. Your revenue is in the
same condition, and still falling off. For the payment of your
current expenses, you have been obliged to contract a debt, by
the issue of Treasury notes, which must probably be increased.
Is this a time to impose additional burdens, to create new ex-
penses, to make new charges upon your revenue, already charg-
ed with more than it can bear) The very reverse of all this
would seem to be the obvious dictate of wisdom and patriotism.
Forbear to increase the public trouble by new experiments, and
new expenses, and new buríleos. If you will do nothing to aid
the country in its struggles for relief, at least be cautious how
you aggravate its misery.
But what I have chiefly in view is the second of these inqui-
ries. Do you find encouragement to open a new source oí ex-
pense from any recent experience that you can keep it within
reasonable limits' I will appeal only to facts, specific facts, put
in such quantity only as to be easily intelligible, and taken from
documents which cannot be denied or disputed. Let me then
call your attention ta a single branch of revenue only—the cus-
toms. It is amazing and it is frightful to see with what rapidity
the expenses have increased within a few years past. I refer
to two Treasury documents, one of the 7th July, 1833, No. 504,
the other of the 11th February, 1839, No. 212. Though bearing
different date*, they must be laid side by side, the one being the
complement of the other, and both necessary in order to get at
the truth. The one gives only the expenditure, the other the
amount collected.
Heie is an abstract of receipts and expenditures taken from
these two documents:
Receipts.               Expenditures.
1839              «23,205 523 24               «.389,627 45
1829         1^2,681,965 91        944 4-9 18
1830          21,922,391 39      1,006,059 95
1831         24,224,441 79      1,116.971 77
1838       28,465,237 24      1,287,553 09
1833          20,032,503 91      1,341,011 72
1834          16.214,957 15     ,1,266,480 16
1835          19,391,310 59      1.256,197 70
1836          23,409,910 53      1,368 401 67
1837          11,169,290 39      1,469,501 45
1838         .9,328,770 56
From this abstract it appears that the expenses of collecting
the revenue from customs have gone on, continually and rapid-
ly increasing, from 182a, until, "from being in the year 1828
«889,527 45, they bad risen in 1837, (the last year of which we
have any account,) to «1,459,501 45. Nor is this i II. From
the same documents it will be seen that an additional allowance
was nude by law for this branch of the pu lie service for each
of the years 1833,1834, 1330, i836, 1837, increasing the expendi-
ture beyond that which appears in the above abstract. The
•mount so appropriated and expended in the year 1-37 was
•37,773 69, which, being added to the above sum of «1 459,501
46, makes the total expenditure for that year in collecting the
revenue from customs, «1,497,275 04.
If from this you deduct the expenditure of 18:8, of «889,527 45,
you find the increase to be no less than «607,747 59.   Perhaps   j ¡
some one may suggest that tlusre was an increased r. venue eel-   :
lected in 1837; buisuc'i is no: the fact, i. was a far less amount   ' i
of  revenue.     In   1328,  the   revenue   from   customs   was   ,
•33.206,523 64, which was collectrd at an expense, as already   ■
shown, of «889,527 45.   The revenue frm customs collected   '•'
in 1837  a3not the halfoi this.   It was but*U,169,290 39, and   i |
the cost of collecting it was «1,497,275 04 cents.   For this ex-
traordtnary increase of expenditure in this branch of the public   ;
service, during the period of nine years, almost doubling it, no   I'
food reason has been assigned, nor is it bclived can be assigned.   I,
f the expendiiuies in that branch of the revenue go on incieas-   •
Ingat the same rate, in a few years there will be nothing io re-   '•
reive.    Add to it the enormous defalcations fr<mi delinquent
officers, winch have occurred to it in that Department, mclud.   ;
ing Swartwout's defalcation of a million anda quarter, and how   ,,
much will be left)   Pursuing the same course, we should in a   i
few years be abis to return a lesson to Turkey for that she has   j
given to us, am! teach the Grand Suits n how to make his reve-
nueoppressive to his people and unproductive to h'a tieasury.
But let us make a comparison of averages, and see how the
matter will stand:
Allow  me to remark, however, that a.xetdmg to Dr. Sey-   : i
ben's statement, in pa pes 292,293, of his statistical work,   the    '
expense  of collecting the revenue fivm customs, from 1791 lo   ii
1810, were at the rate of 4.04 per cent, on the amount collected   '.
—say lour per cent.   During ihe four years of Mr. Adams's
adenlnietration, the total amount collected wag «86 307.882 15—
tneaverage for each year was «21.6894'3 03 cents.   The toial
expenditure for the collection for four years was «3,460,296 84.
The average expenditure for   each  year,   therefore,   was
•366,076 71.   Th* total collection for the following nine years
under his successor* was «196.612043 88.    Tne average fur
each year, therefore, was, «21.634 660 43, nearly the same  aa
before.   The total cost of collection for these nine years was
111,095,666 tO, giving an average forwutb jwof «3,231,740 6&
But this is not all. There was an extra appropriation for five
years, aa has been seen, of «311,8S4 83. The average for each
of the five years is «62,376 97;add, then, to the above average
of «1.231,740 66, the average for each of the five years,
«62,376 97 cents, and it makes the average cost of those yearn
«1,291,117 73. Deduct from this the average in the time of Mr.
Adams's administration, «S-5,076 71, and it shows an average
increase in the cost of codec: me the revenue by customs of
8429,041 02, or nearly fifty per cer.t. advance; this is an enor-
mous advance. Instead ol seeking fur new sources of expen-
diture, we oughtto apply ourselves diligently to discover what
this increase lias been owing to, and if possible to apply a cor-
rective; for, as has been already remarked, the increase has
been constantly advancing, and this lact ¡seven more alarming
than the increased average, great as it is.
In the time of Mr. Adams, the average rate of the cost of col-
lection, it will be seen, was about four per cent—being the
same rate as from the year 1791 tt> 1810. He had followed in
ihe fool steps of his truly illustrious predecessors—those who had
administered the Government in its beet days. Headbeied to
their maxims, and conducted the administration with true wis-
dom and economy. In the nine years immedialtly following,
the average iare of collection is nearly six per cent.—making a
difference in those nine years of neatly four millions of dollars
wasted and lost by expenditure in one bianchof theseivice.
In the year I837,the lastof which we have an account, the rate
is between thirteen and fourteen per eent. nn the amount col-
lected; that Is, «1,497,275 for collecting 811.169,290 33. If, as
has been before remark d, to this increased expense, of collec-
tion you add the enormous defalcations which have been suf-
fered,you will have a deplorable account of ihe revenue col-
lected into the Treasury compared with the product of any for-
mer period. What has become of the enormous amount ex-
pended! Where has it gone) Has it been a part of the spoils!
Is there encouragement in this for sddine new expenses? I
have not looked into theexpeosee of other branches of the reve-
nue, but the glimpses we have had of ihem lead to the painful
conclusion that there has been equal extravagance and waste in
the rest. At the rate we aregoingon, we shall soon have no-
tbrnsr butexpenses. I repeat it, then, is there encouragement in
this for opening new sources of expense? Are we not admo-
nished to the contrary? But I ask further—again, I ask—
Is there such prosperity among tho interests of the country as
to allow it? What interest is not crushed? Commerce, manu-
factures, planting, farming, the.laborer, are all in distress. And
the banks, the people's own institutions, established by them-
selves, for their own accommodation, and adapted to their use,
are they not suffering with the people, partaking of their ca-
lamity, and in distress, because the. people are distressed?
Much as we revile and abuse them here, they sympathize with
the people. The Government alone has e'ood aloof, more
than secure,a gainer even by the common disaster. The ex
penses have not been diminished, and the officers have had
their salaries enhanced, by having them paid in the best cur-
rency; at the same time that, by the fall of all other things,
their income has almost doubled their val ue.
In 1837, at the called session, when there wa« anguish through-
out the land, the President folded his robe about him, not like
Csssar, to fall gracefully himself, but to look with graceful com-
posure on the downfall of all about him. Recurring to that pe-
riod, it seems to me as if some one had looked down from a
secure eminence upon the lamentable destruction recently
made by the tornado in Natchez; enjoyiog his own security,
and desirous not to be troubled with the afflictions of the suffer-
ers. His advice, more philosophical than humane, would be,
'•help yourselves, do not trouble me." I have now done, for
the present, with the question of expense. I trust enough has
been shown to satisfy the House that the objections on this
head are of themselves sufficient to condemn the measure; that,
upon this ground, if there were no other, 1t ought to be rejected.
I proceed to the next consideration—of no less importance.
2. Safety.
In the organization of a Treasury Department, safety is, in-
deed, tho very first consideration. Accordingly, it was to the
security of the public treasure that General Hamilton applied
his earnest attention. There is a (¡real disposition, at times, to
speak ill of this eminent ftatesman. Vet no one can deny him
the praise ofhaving so organ zed the Department, asthoroughly
to accomplish i s ?reat end. Such was hi* comprehensive sa-
gacity, such his far-reaching foresight, that, from the beginning
to the present day, not a defect has been discovered, not an al-
teration has been made, though, in the revolution of parlies,
there has been sufficient inclination, and sufficient ability, too,
to have made changes, if they had been at all admissible. But
as often as his plan has been examined, his provident wisdom
has been so convincingly manifested, even to his most deter-
mined opponents, that they have been obliged to confess that no
change could be made which would not be lor the worse. That
plan, as hi  genius conceived and established it at the first, con
tinues, to the present day, a IasUnapmonuinent of his powers
and his patriotism.    What it is we shall piesently see.
To the present bill, upon the ground of safetv, there is deep,
irremoveable,decisive objection. Nnonewhowill fiirlyconei
derits provisions can for a mumnnt doubt that it will be wasteful
an I demoralizing—wastefull, because it will lead to great loe«ei
nl the public money; demoralizing, becau-e it will crea'e temp-
tations to embezzlement and breach of trust ton strong for the
infirmity of our nature to leaist. In both respecs, it contra- |¡
dictstheleasonsofcommTOseneeandexpetier.ee. Idonotcha- j;
ráeteme it too strongly in saying that, upon it? face, it is ah- j j
surdly insufficient, except for increaBinir defalcation and em-
bezzlement. If there be any who think the crop we have had
of these too small, or tho promi«eof lutuic harvests of them in-
adequate; who desire to encourage the srowlh of officiil de-
linquency and the purlomine or wa=;e ol the. pubhc t la-tire, in
my judgment, they will find apowe.ful coaljntor in this bill.
For those who would, like Hamilton, desire tógiiird the public
money from plunder and waste, and apply it faiihfolly to the
servic.eof the peoplo from whom it is raised, thU bill has pot a
single recommendation.   L"t us pee.
The buildings, pares, and vault* being fin-shed, at a great ex-
pense, and the pibPc money depo:ited,thekey is to b" delivered
to an individual. The funds are fourthwi'h to be placed in his
custody. (§ 13 ) The public treasure is guarded only by a
key, and that key in the handsof a single individual. He may
have access to it whenever he pleases, without control, and
without the knowledge of any one but himself. There is no
check upon him of any kind whatever. Now, I invite every man
to reflect upon this,- to ponder it, to realize as he onght to do
that this Is tl  main feature, nay, that it is the whole pl*n, to |j
I
place the money of the country in the hands of individúala
without check or control.   Can he give it his approbation?
The supposed checks (checks they are not, io any proper
sense of the word) are alleged to be provided in certain legis-
lative regulations and occasional examination. Of the foimec
kind are, section 6, which simply points out the duty; section 8,
requiring bonds to be given with sureties; section 17, which
makes embezzlement a felony, punishable with fine and im-
prisonment; section 21, which prohibits exchange of funds, ex-
cept for gold and silver; and section 22, which is a prohibition
of future specie circulars, and a plain censure of that which
was issued by the la e President in 1836. Sections 12 and 13
provide, very inadequately, for occasional examinations. These
provisions discover a misgiving, a want of confidence in the
plan, a sense of the necessity of some colorable security which,
though not in substance worth a straw, may have the appear-
ance of a safeguard. But, neither individually nor collectively,
do they constitute acheck. By a check, we mean a power to
restrain or hinder aman from doing wrong at the moment when
he is tempted or inclined to do so. Such are the checks in tne
Treasury ol the United States. No man can take money out
of it. The concurrence of several is required; and these are
checks!upon one another. So effectual have they proved that
not a dollar has ever been lost. - But here, by this bill, the key
is in the hands of one man; his single will can decide when the
vault shall be opened; his single act Can open it without the
concurrence and without even the knowledge of any other. lie
goes alone, unseen, without restiaint. Where is the check? In
telling him beforehand that he ought not to do so; that it is
criminal; that he may be found out; and, if he should be, that
he will be punished? He knows all this. It is the moral law;
it is the law of the land; it is the oatli of office, with its solemn
sanction; it is the plain duty of his office. Every defaulter has
known all this, and has known that, if detected, he would be
mnished. Do you increase the security by a more formal
er.laration? Is it a check? We shall see presently, from irre-
sistible evidence, that it is a mere pretence; for any practical
purpose, not worth a straw.
Is the plan, then, safe and sufficient? Before proceeding to
consider this question, however, I would ask the attention of the
committee to an extraordinary and unaccountable novelty in
the first and eleventh sections of this bill. The first section,
after enacting that rooms, fire-proof vaults, and safes, shall be
prepared in the new Treasury buildings in Washington, goes
on to say, "which said rooms, vaults, and safes are hereby con-
stituted and declared to be the Treasury of the United States."
The eleventh section enacts that, under certain circumstances,
the moneys in the hands of the depositaries shall be considered
and dealt with "as though the said moneys were actually in the
Treasury of the United States " What is the meaning of this!
What is its legal effect? lias it been fully considered? Does
it mean that heretofore there has been no Treasury of the
United States, and henceforth there is to be one; or does it mean
that the nature and character of the Treasury are to be changed?
Upon these points no explanation has been given, no reason as-
signed. A Treasury has always existed—established by tie
Constitution, recognised by our laws, understood in practice,
incorporated into our business, and well understood. It was not
a thing of brick and mortar, of rooms, vaults, and safes, having
a locality, and restrai ned within the narrow limits of the few de-
signated rooms of the Treasury buildings.
The Treasury, under the Constitution and laws, is a legal be.
ing, and its legal definition ia, that wherever in the United States
is the treasure of the United States there is the Treasury .with
all its constitutional rights, and guards, and immunities... When
money is in a bank to the credit of the Treasurer, wherever the
bank may be, that .money ia in the Treustiry. When money is
paid to the cashier appointed in the custom-house at New York,
it is in the Treasury. The grasp of the Treasury thus reaches,
secures, and guards all the money of the United States,
wherever it may be within the United Sutes, asi
places it within the protection of the Constitution and laws.
Once in the Treasury, it cannot be drawn out but in conse-
quence of an appropriation by law. This provision applies to
the Treasury, as understood by the Constitution. No difficulty
has ever been found in its application. The guard is extended,
as it should be, to all the treasure of the United States. Ta
change the character of the Treasury from a comprehensive,
well defined, legal beins, to a thing of brick and mortar—to nar-
row it down to a locality, instead of letting it, as heretofore, em-
brace the treasure, wherever it may be, is inconsistent with the
Constitution.
Why make this extraordinary change? Is it meant that the
moneys of the United States not within the Treasury building
mav be drawn nut without an appropriation by law? Are they
to be exempted from the control of Congress, and placed at the
disposition entirely of the Executive officers? Is it intended to
impair, ifnot to break down, this great safeguard of the Constitu-
tion—this cherished security for the rights of the people? Such
a design is grossly unconstitutional; and, whether that be the
design or not, the operation is itself a violation of the Constitu-
tion.
Without further dwelling on this objection. I proceed to the
inquiry already stated—is "this plan safe and sufficient? This
is a great m ral as well as financial question. We
are bound to take care of the security of the public treasure.
We are bound also to take care of the great interustaof morality,
so essential to our happiness and welfare. We ought, there-
fore, with the utmost scrupulousness, to abs'oin as far as possi-
ble ftom creating temptations which are known tobe dangerous.
As to this plan of entrusting money to individuals for keeping,
without check or control, reason ami expeiience concur to re-
probate it. The united voice of mankind condemns it. Forth 
present however, I appeal only to your own experience, willing
to abide by its decision. The question a priori is no longer
op.-n Diiefas our history is, mirown experience isunhappily
sufficient. Theevidenceis uniform and concunent. Observe
its weiirht—its conclusive weight—and say if it can be reason-
ably trc nscienliously disresarded. Revolving in my mind the
true definition of embezzlement, anl how it stands distinguish-
ed from defa'cation, I happened to turn to the dictionary, and
there I found it stated thus: embezzlement "differs from stealing
and robbing in this: that the hitter implies a wrongful taking of
another's goods, but embezzlement denotes the wroügfol ap-
propriation and use of what came into possession by right It if
not uncamrnnn for men entrusied wiih public money to em-
bezzle it." Here you see experience has established a com-
mon truih so clearly as to And a place in a dictionary of our
language; that truth is, that as surely as men are entrusted with
public mo ey, public money will bj mors or iess embezzled.
The. child toil It tent to a dictionary far InstinsOoB tads UM
