786
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ftb. 1840.
586th  Cong-—1st Skss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Corwin.
H. of Reps
and civilization meet. As the Scandinavian heroes
of old, after the fatigues of war, drank wine from
the strolls of their slaughtered enemies, in Odin's
Halls, so now our militia general and his forces,
from the skulls of melons thus vanquished, in copi-
óos draughts of whiskey assuage the heroic fire of
their sonls, after the bloody scenes of a parade
day. Bat, alas, for this short-lived race of ours,
all things will have an end, and so even is it wi'h
the glorious achievement of our general. Time is
on the wing, and will not stay his fl ght; the san,
as if frightened at the mighty events of the day, rides
down the sky, and at the close of the day when
"the hamlet is still," the curtain of night drops
upon the scene;
"And glory, like the phanix in its fires,
Exhale  Ha odor , blazes, and expires "
Such, sir, has been the experience in war of tbe
gentleman from Michigan. We know this from
the simple annunciation ihat he is and has been a
brigadier of militia in time of peace; and now,
having a fall understanding of the qualifications of
our learned general, both from study and practice, I
hope tbe House will see that it should give its pro-
found reflection to bis discourses on the art of war.
And this it will be more inclined to, when we take
into view that the gentleman has, in his review of
General Harrison's campaigns, modestly ímpu'ed
to the latter great mistakes, gross blunders, imbe-
cility, and even worse than thi , as I &halt show
hereafter. Tbe fo'ce, too, of ihe lecture of our
learned and experienced friend from Michigan is
certainly greatly enhanced, wh-n we consider ano-
ther admitted fact, which is, (hat the general whose
imbecility and errors he has discovered had not,
like the gentleman from Michigan, the great ad-
vantage of serving in watermelon campaigns, but
only fought fierce Indians in the dark forests of
the West, under such stupid fellows as Anthony
Wayne, and was afterwards appointed to the com-
mand of large armies by the advice of snch an in-
experienced boy as Gov. Shelby, the hero of King's
Mountain.
V And now, Mr. Speaker, as I have the temerity to
^entertain doubts, and with great defertnce to differ
in my opinions on this military question with the
gentleman from Michigan, I desire to state a few
historical facts concerning General Harrison, whom
the general from Michigan has pronounced inca-
pable, imbecile, and, as I shall notice hereafter,
something worse even than these. General Harri-
son was commissioned by General Washington an
officer in the regular army of the United States in
the year 1791. He served as aid to General An-
.thony Wayne, in the campaign against the In-
dians, which resulted in the battle of the Rapids of
theMaumee, in the fall of 1794 Thus, in his
youth, he was selected by General Wayne as one
of his military family. And what did this youth-
ful officer do m that memorable battle of the Ra-
pids? Here, Mr. Speaker, let me summon a wit-
ness merely to show how military men may differ.
The witness I call to controvert the opinion of the
gentleman from Michigan is General Anthony
Wayne. In his letter to the Secretary of War,
giving an account of the battle of the Rapids, he
says:
"My faithful and gallant Lieutenant Harrison
rendered the most essential services, by communi-
cating my orders in every direction, and by his
conduct and bravery exciting the troops to press
for victory."
Sir, this evidence was given by General Wayne
in the year 1794, some time, I imagine, before the
gentlemen from Michigan was born, and long be-
fore he became a militia general, and long, very
long, before he ever perused the title page of Baron
Steuben. Mr. Speaker, let me remind the House,
in passing, that this battle and victory over the In-
dian forces of the Noithwest, in which, according
to the testimony of Gen. Wayne, "Lieutenant Har-
rison rendered the most essential services by his
conduct and bravery," gave peace to an exposed
hne of frontier, extending from Pittsburgh to the
southern borders of Tennessee. It was, in truth,
the close of the war of the Revolotion, for the In-
dians who took part with Great Britain in our Re-
volutionary straggle never laid down their arms
until after they were vanquished by Wayne in
J9i.
We now come to see something of the man, the
general, whose military history our able and exp'-
rienced general from Michigan has reviewed. We
know that debates like ibis have sometimes been
had in the British Parliament. There, I be-
lieve, the discussion was usually conducted by
those in the House who have wen, and not
merely heard, of service. We all know that Colc-
nel Napier has m several volumes, reviewed the
campaigns of Wellington, and criticised the move-
ments and merits of Beresford, andSonlt, and Mas-
sena, and many others, quite, yes, I say qui'* as
well known in miliiary history as any of us, not
even excep ing our general from Michigan. We
respect the opinions of Napier, because we know
he not only thought of war, but that he jovght
too. We respect and admire that combination of
military skill, with profound statesmanlike views,
which we find in "Char's Commentaries," because
we know the "mighty Julius" was a soldier, trained
in the field, and inured to the accidents and dangers
of war. But, sir, we generals of Congress require
no snch painful discipline to give value to our
opinions. We men of the 19th «entury know all
things intuitively. We understand perfectly the
'military art by nature. Yes, sir, the notions of the
gentleman from Michigan, agree exactly with a
sage by the name of "Dogberry," who insisted that
"reading and writing come by nature." Mr.
Speaker, we have heard and read much of "the
advance of knowledge, the improvement of tbe spe-
cies, and the great march of mind," but never till
now have we understood the ex'ent of meaning in
these pregnant phrases. For instance, the gentle-
man from Michigan asserts that General Harrison
has none of the qualities of a general, because, at
the battle of Tippecanoe he was found at one time
at a distance from his tent, urging his men on to
battle. He exposed bis person too much, it seems.
He should have staid at his tent, and waited for the
officers to come to him for orders. Well, sir, see
now to what conclus.on this leads us. Napoleon
seized a standard at Lodi, and rushed in front of
his columns across a narrow bridge, which was
swept by a whole park of German artil'ery. Hence,
Napoleon was no officer; he did not know how to
command an army. He, like Harrison, exposed
his person too much. Oh, Mr. Speaker, what a
pity for poor Napoleon that he had not studied Steu-
ben, and slaughtered water-melon3 wi.h us natural
born generals of this great age of the world! Sir,
it might have altered the map of Europe; nay,
changed the destinies of the world!
Again: Alexander the Great spurred his bone
foremost into the river, and led his Macedonians
across the Graneas, to rout the Persians who stood
fall opposed on the other side of the stream. True,
this yomh conquered the world, and made himself
master of what had constituted the Mtdean,
Persian, Assyrian, and Chaldean empires. Still,
according to the judgment of us warriors by nature,
the mighty Mace U man would have consulted good
sense by coming over here, if, indeed, there were
any here hereabouts in those days, and studying,
like my friend from Michigan, first Tidd's Practice,
and Espanasse's Nisi Prius, and a little snatch of
Steuben, and serving as a general of militia awhile.
Sir, Alexander tbe Great might have made a man
of himself in the art of war, had ffe even been a
member of our Congress, and heard us colonels dis-
cuss the subject of an afternoon or two. Indeed,
Alexander, or Sa'an, I doubt not, would have im-
proved greatly in strategy by observing, during this
session, the tactics of the Administration party on
the New Jersey election question. Mr. Speaker,
this objection to a general, because he will fight, is
not original with my friend from Michigan. I re-
member a great authority, in point, agreeing with
the gentleman in this. In the times of the Henrys,
4th and 5th, of England, there lived one Captain
Jack Falstaff. If Shakspeare may be trusted, bis
opinions of the art military were exactly those of
the gentleman from Michigan. He uniformly de-
clared as his deliberate judgment on the subject, that
"discretion was the better part of valor;" and this
is an authority for the gentleman. Bat who shall
decide? Thus the authority stands—Alexander the
mighty Greek, and Napoleon Bonaparte, and Har-
rison, on one side, and Captain John Fai&taff and
the General from Michigan on the other! Sir, I
must leave a question thus sustained by authorities,
both ways, to posterity. Perhaps the lights of an-
other age may enable the world to decide it, I con-
fess my inability to say on which side the weight of
authority lies.
I hope I may obtiiti the pardon of the American
Congress for adverting in this discussion to another
matter, gravely put forward by^he gentleman from
Michigan. Without the slightest feeling of disre-
spect to that gentleman, I must be allowed to say
that his opinions, (hastily I am sure,) obtruded on
the House on this military question, can only be
considered as subjects of merriment.
Bat I come to notice, since 1 am compelled to it,
one observation of the gentleman, which 1 feel
quite certain, on reflection, he will regret himself.
In a sort of parenthesis in his speech, he said that
a rumor prevailed at the time (al'uding to the bat-
tle of Tippecanoe) that Colonel Joseph H Davies
of Kentucky, who commanded a squadron of ca-
valry there, was, by some trick of General Harri-
son, mounted, during the battle, on a white horse
belonging to the General, and that, being thus con-
spicuous >n the fight, he was a mark for the assail-
ing Ind.an*, and fell in a chirge at the head of his
men. The gen lie man say 3 he does not vouch fur
the truth of this. Sir, it is well that he does not
vouch here for the truth of a long exploded slander.
It requires a bold man, a man possessing a great
deal of moral courage, to make even an allusion to
a charge such as that, against one whose only pos-
sessions in this wor'd are his character for courage
and conduct in war in his country's defence, and his
unstained integrity in the various civil offices it has
been bis duty to occupy. Did not the gentleman
know that this vile story was known by every in-
telligent man west of the mountains to be totally
without foundation? Tne gentleman seemed to ap-
peal to the gallant Kentuckians to prove the truth
of this inuendo. He spoke of the blood of their
countrymen so profusely poured out at Tippecanoe,
as if they would give countenance to the idea that
the gallant Davies, who fell in that engagement, fell
a victim to the artifice of the commanding general,
and their other gallant sons who fell there, were
wantonly sacrificed by the gross ignorance of Ge-
neral Harrison in Indian warfare. Now, sir, be-
fore the gentleman made his appeal, he should
have remembered a few historical facts, which, if
known to him, as I should suppose they were to
every other man twenty years of age in Western
America, would make the whole speech of that
gentleman little else than a most wanton insult to
the understanding of tbe people and Government
of Kentucky.   Let us briefly notice the facts.
In November, 1811, the battle of Tippecanoe
was fought. There Colonel Davies and Colonel
Owens, with other Kentuckians, fell. These, says
the gentleman, (at least he insinuates it,) were sa-
crificed by either the cowardly artifice or by the ig-
norance of General Harrison. Now, Mr. Speak-
er, I abhor the habit of open flattery, nay, I do not
like to look in tbe face of a man, and speak of him
in warm terms of eulogium, however he may de-
f erve it; but, sir, on this occasion I am obliged to
say what history will attest of the people of Ken-
tucky. If any community of people ever lived,
from the time of the dupersion on the plain of
Shmar up to this day, who were literally cradled
in war, it is to be found in the State of Kentucky.
From the first exploration of the country by Daniel
Boon up to the year 1794, they were engaged in one
incessant battle with the savages of the West.
Trace the path of an Indian incursion any where
over the great valley of the West, and you will
find it red with Kentucky blood. Wander over
any of the battle fields of that great theatre of sa-
vage war, and yon will find it white with the bones
of her children. In childhood they fought tbe In-
dians, with their sisters and mothers, in their dwel-
lings In y oath and ripe manhood they fought
them in ambuscades and open battle fields. Such
were the men of Kentucky in 1811, when the bat-
tle of Tippecanoe was fought. There, too, as we
know, they were still found, foremost where life
was to be lost, or glory won; and there they were
commanded by General Harrison. Now, sir, if in
that battle General Harrison had not conducted as
