fob. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
S6th CoifO....«.l«T Skis.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Corwin.
H. of Reps.
became a soldier and a general, would not such
i hire seen and known it?   Did Kentucky in
last army of Kentucky looked round for a leader
, equal   to the imminent acd   momentous crisis.
1811, mourning as she then did the loss of one of ■ fThere was Scott, the then Governor of Kentucky
her greatest and most valued citizens, condemn (as  <   who bad fought through the Revolutionary war!
the gentleman from Michigan has attempted ¡o)
the conduct of the General who commanded in that
battle?   Let us see how they testified.
In January, 181a, two months after the battle of
Tippecanoe, the Legislature of Kentucky was in
session. On the 7ih of January, 1312, the follow-
ing resolution passed that body:
"Retdvei by the Senate and Howe  f Representa*
tówt •/ the State ef Kentucky, That in the late cam-
paign against the Indians upon the Wabash, (Jo-
Temor William Henry Harrison has behaved like
a hero, a patriot, and a general; and that for his
cool, deliberate, skilful, and gallant conduct in the
battle of Tippecanoe, he well deserves the warmest
thanks of his country and his nation."
Mr. Speaker, the resolution I have just read was
presented by John J. Crittenden, now a Sínator
from the State of Kentucky, whom to name is to
call to the minds of all who know him a man
whose urbanity and varied accomplishments pre-
sent a model of an American gentleman—whose
wisdom, eloquence, and integrity have won for him
the first rank among  t American statesmen. Such
a man, with both branches of the Kentucky Leg s-
lature, have testified, two months only after ti e
event took place, that, in the campaign and battb
of Tippecanoe, General Harmon combined the
skill and conduct of an able commander with the
valor of a soldier, and the patriotism of an Ameri-
can. Who rises up twenty-eight years afterwards
to contradict this? The young gentleman from M.-
emgan! He who, at the time referred to, was pro-
bably conning Webster's spelling book in some vil-
lage school io Connecticut. But, Mr. Speaker, I
most call another witness upon the point in issue
here. On the 12th of November, 1811, the Terri-
torial Legislature of Indiana was in session. This
is just five days after the battle. That Legislature,
through the Speaker of its House of Represen'a-
tives, General Wm. Johnson, addressed Geneial
Harrison io the following terms:
•Suu The House of Representatives of the In-
diana Territory, in their own name, and in tebalf
of their constituents, most cordially reciprocate the
congratulations of your Excellency on the glorious
mult of the late sanguinary conflict with the S'aaw-
nee Prophet, and the tribes of Indians confederated
with him. When we see displayed in behalf of our
country net only the consummate abilities of the
genera], bat the heroism of the man; and when we
take into view the benefits which mast result to that
country from those exertions, we cannot f. r a mo-
Bent withhold our meed of applause."
Here, sir, we have two Legislatures of the States
whore citizens composed the militia force at Tippe-
canoe, grieved and smarting under the loss of their
fellow-citizens, uniting in solemn council in bear-
ing their testimony to the skill and bravery dis-
played by General Harrison in that battle, which
the gentleman from Michigan, with a self-compla-
cency that might well pass for insanity, now says
he has diicovered was marked by palpable incapa-
city in the commanding General. But, Mr. Speak-
er, I must call yet another, nay, several other wit-
nesses, to confront the opinion of the Michigan
General.
In August, 1812, about nine months after the
battle of Tippeeanoe, news of fearfal import con-
cerning the conduct of General Hull, reached Ohio
and Kentucky. Our army bad fallen back on De-
tro t, and rumors of the surrender of that place to
the British, which did actually tike place, were 't<*
floating on every breeze. Three regiments of mili-fl] M
tia were immediately raised in Kentucky. Before
these troops had taken the field, it was well kr,o*n
that our army under Hull, with the whole Territo-
ry of Michigan, had been surrendered to the com-
bined British and Indian forces, commanded by
Brock and Tecumseh. Our whole frontier in the
Northwest lay bare and defenceless to the invasion,
not only of the Biitish army, but the more terrible
incursion of a savage foe, hungry for plunder and
thirsting for blood, led on by the most bold and ac-
complished warrior that the tribes of the red man
had ever predated.   In this state of peril, the gal-
aod under the eye of Washington had risen to the
rank of brigadier in the regular service. There,
too, was the veteran Shelby, one of the heroes of
King's Mountain, a name that shall wake up the
tones of enthusiasm in every American heart while
heroic courage is esteemed, or lofty integrity re-
mains a virtue. There, too, was Clay, whose trum-
pet tongue in this hall was worth a thousand cannon
in the fi'id. These were convened in council.
This, let üs not forget, was about nine months after
the battle of Tippecanoe. Whom, sir, I ask, did these
men select to lead their own friends and fellow-ci-
tiz?ns on to this glorious enterprise? Their laws
required that their militia should be commanded
by one of their own cit znr*; yet passing by Scott
and Shelby, and thousands of their own brave sons,
this council called General Harrison, then Go-
vernor of Indiana—he who had commanded Ken-
tuckians but nine monthsbeforeat Tippeeanoe—he
who, according to the gentleman from Michigan,
had shown no trait but imbecility, as an officer—
he, against the laws of Kentucky, was by such a
council arked to resign his station as Governor of
Indtaca, and take the rank and commission of
Major General in the Kentucky militia, and lead
on her armies in that fearful hour, to redeem our
national disgrace, and snatch from British domi-
nation an3 savage butchery the very country now
represented by the g?ntleman from Michigan. I
have yet one other witness to call against the gen-
tleman frm Michigan. Sir, if the last rcst of ihe
illustrious dead is disturbed in this unnatural war
upon a living soldier's honor, and a living pa-
triot's fame, the fault is not mine. It will appear
piesently that the gentleman from Mihigan has—
unfittingly, it may be—dishonored and insulted
ths dead, and charged the pure and venera ed
Madison wuh hypocrisy and falsehood. If Ge-
neral Harrison had been the weak, wicked, or im-
becile thing the gentleman from Micigan would
now pretend, was not this known to Mr, Malison,
then President of the United S'ates, who gave the
orders under which General Harrison acted, and
to whoii the latter was responsble for his conduct?
S:rely no one can suppose that there were want-
ing those who, 'f they could have done so wi h
truth, would have made known any conduct of
Gene.al Harrison at the time referred to which
seemed in any degre3 worthy of reprehension.
With all these means of information, what was
the testimony of Mr. Madison respecting the battle
of Tippecanoe? I will quote his own words from
his message to Congress about a month after the
event. Ths message is dated 18th December,
1811, and reads as follows:
"While it is deeply lamented that so many va-
luable lives have been lost in the action which took
place en the 7 A ultimo, Congress will see with sa-
tisfaction the dauntless spirit of fortitude victori-
ously displayed by every description of troops en-
gaged, as well as ths collec'ed firmness which dis-
tinguished their commander on an occasion re-
quiring the utmost exertions of valor and disci-
pline."
Mr. Speaker, I have no pleasure in thus reca-
pitulating and piling proof upon proof to repel an
insinuation, which I think is now apparent to all
has been thrown oat in the madness of party rage,
without consideration, and founded only on a total
perversion, or rather flat contradiction, of every
historic il record having relation to the subject.
Something was said by the gentleman from
Michigan about the encampment at Tippecanoe.
If I undestood him rightly, he condemned it as in-
judicious,- because it bad a river on one side and a
morass on another. Now, Mr. Speaker, I shall
give no opinion on ths question thus stated; but it
just now oecurs to me that this very subject,
which I think in the military vocabulary is called
castrametation, admits of some serious injury
bearing upon the criticism under consideraron. In
almost all scientific research, we find that what is
now reduced to system, and arises to the dignity of
science, wa? at first the product of some casualty,
whicb, falling under the notice of some reflecUag
mind, gave rise to surprising results. The acci-
dental falling of an apple developed the great law
of gravitation. I am sure I have somewhere
seen it stated that Pyrrhus, the celebrated King of
Epirus, who is allowed by all authority to have
been the first general of his time, first learned to
fortify h's camp by bavin? a river in his rear and a
morass on his flank; and this was first suggested to
him, by seeing a wild bsar, when hunted to
desperation, back himself against a tree or rock,
that he nrght fight his pursuers without dan-
ger of being assailed in his rear. Now, sir, if I com-
prehend the gentleman from Michigan he has against
him on this point not only the celebrated king of
Epirus, but also the wild boar, who, it seems, was
the tutor of Pyrrhus in the art of castrametation
Here, then, are two appoved authorities, one of
whom nature taught the art of war, as she kndly
did us colonels, and the other that renowned hero
of Epirus, who gave the Romans so much trouble
in his time. These authorities are near two thou-
sand years old, and, as far as I know, unquestioned,
till the gentleman from Michigan attacked them
yesterday. Here, aga:n, I ask who shall decide?
Pyrrhus and the boar on one side, and the gentle-
man from Michigan en the other. Sir, I decline
jurisdiction of the question, and leave the two hun-
dred and forty colonels of this House to settle the
contest "non nostrum tanta compontre /iiej."            •
Mr. Speaker, I feel it quite impossible to with-
draw from this part of the debate without some
comment on another assertion, or rather intimation,
of the gentleman from Michigan, touching the con-
duct of General Harrisoa at the battle of the
Thames. All who have made themselves acquainted
with tke history of that event, know that the order
which the American army was to attack the. com-
bined force of British and Indians at the Thames
was changed at the very moment when the onset
was about to be made. Tnts order of the General
drew forth from Commodore Perry and others,
who were in the staff of the army, and on the
ground at the time, the h:ghest encomiums. The
idea of this chznge in the plan of attack, it is now
intimated, was not original with General Harrison,
bat was, as the gentleman seems to intimate, sug-
gested to him by another, who, it is said, was on
ground at the time. Who that other person is, or
was, the gentleman has not said, but seemed to inti-
mate he was now in the other end of the capítol;
and thus we are led to suppose that the geniletnan
intends to say that Colonel Johnson, the Vice Pre-
sident, is the gentleman alluded to. Sir, I regret
very much that the gentleman should treat histori-
cal facts in this way. If there be any foundation
for giving Colonel Johnson the honor of having
suggested to General Harrison a movement for
which the latter has received great praise, why not
speak out and say so? Why insinuate? Why hint
or suppose on a subject susceptible of easy arid
positive proof? Does not the gentleman know that
he is thus trifling wi h the character of a soldier,
playing with reputation dearer than property or
life to its possessor? Sir, I wish to know if Co!.
Johnson, the Vice Pre*ident of the United States,
has, by any word or act of his, given countenance
to this insinuation? It would be well for all who
speak at random on this subject to remember that
there are living witnesses yet who can testify to the
point in question. It may not be amiss to remind
some that there is extant a journal of Colonel
Wood, who afterwards fell on the Nif?g*r* fron-
tier. For the benefit of such, I too, will state what-,
can be proved in relation to the chang" ntfttrjjfh
General Harrisen in the order of attack «t*$|L
Thames.
The position of the British and Indians had been
reported to General Harrison by volunteer tffiíers
—brave men, it is true, but v>h\ like many of us,
were officers who had not seen a great deal of hard
fighting. On this report the order of attack first
intended was founded, but, before th<! troops were
ordered on to the afack, Colonel Wood was sent
to examine and rep rt the extent ef front ceeupfrd
by the British troops. Colonel Wood's military
eye detected at once what had escaped the un-
Sractised observation of the others—that is, that the
tritish regulars were drawn up in open order—
and it was on bis report that, at the moment, the.
