788
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun«, 1840.
26th CoKo«—lrr Sus.
Independent 7Ve<wury—Mr. Jllford.
H. of Reps.
change was made by General Harrison in the order
of the attack—a movement which, in the estima-
tion of such men as Wood and Perry, and Shelby,
was enough of itself to entitle Qt neral Harrison
to the highest rank among the military men of the age.
Mr. Speaker, when I review the historical test.-
mony touching this portion of General Harrison's
history, I confess my amazement at the Q.uiiotic,
(I pray my friend from Michigan to pardon me,)
bat I mast call it the Quixotic exhibition which he
has made of himself.   Sir, the gentleman had no
need to tell as he was a general of militia.   His
conduct in this discussion is proof of that—strong
even as is his own word for the fact.   He has
shown all that teckless bravery which has always
characterized our noble militia, bat he has also, in
this attack, shown that other quality of militia
troops which so frequently impels them to rush
blindly forward, and often to their own destruction.
I shoald like to hear many of the brave men around
Bespeak of General Harrison.   Some there are
now under my eye who ctrry British bullets in
their bodies, received while fighting  under   the
command of General Harrison.   I shoald be glad
to   hear my whole-souled and  generous-hearted
friend   from   Kentucky,  [Major  Botlkr,]   who
agrees with the gentleman trom Michigan in gene-
ral politics, who his not merely heard of battle,
bat who has mingled in war in all its forms, and
fought bis way from the ranks up to the head of a
battalion—I say I should be glad to hear his opi-
nions of the matters asserted, hinted at, and insi-
nuated ry the gentleman from Michigan.
Why, I ask, is this attempt to falsify the com*
mon history of our country made now, and why is
it made here? Is it vainly imagined that Congres-
sional speeches are to contradict accredited, long-
known historical facts? Does the fierce madness
of party indulge a conception so wild?
Sir, I repeat, that I feel only amazement at such
an attempt.   I could not sit still and witness it in
silence.   Much as I desired to speak to the House
and the country on the question touching the Cum-
berland road, I should have left it to others had I
not been impelled to get the floor to bear my testi-
mony against the gross injustice which I thought
was about to be done to a citizen—an   honored
cherished citizen of my own State.   This  House
Mr. Speaker, knows that I am not given to much
babbling here.   Yes, sir, you all know that, like
Balaam's ass, I never speak here till I am kicked
into it.   I may claim credit, therefore, for sinceri-
ty, when I declare that a strong sense of justice
alone could have called me into this debate.   Let
me now remind gentlemen who may be tempted
into a similar coarse with my friend from Michi-
gan, that all such efforts must recoil with destruc-
tive effect upon those who make them.   Sir, it has
been the fortune of General Harrison to be identi-
fied with the civil and military history of this coun-
try for nearly half a century.   What is t  be gain-
ed, even  to party, by perverting   that history?
Nothing.   You may blot out a page of his bi-
ography here, and tear out a chapter cf history
-   there; nay, yon may, in the blindness of party
rage; rival the Vandal and the Turk, and born up
all your books, and what then have jou effected?
Nothing but an insane exhibition of impotent party
violence.   General Harrison'* history would still
remain in the memory of bis and your cstempora-
ries; aadicbming events, not long to be delayed,
will show to the world that his history, in both le-
gislation and war, dwells not merely in the memo-
ries of his countrymen, but is enshrined in their
gratitude and engraven upon their hearts.
■ Mr- Speaker, I come now to the discussion of
what is really the question before the House, and,
with the hope that I may be entitled to the floor on
Monday, I will, if it be the pleasure of the House,
give way for a motion to adjourn. If I can obtain
the floor on Monday, I promise the House that
nothing fhall tempt me to wander from the ques-
tion touching the appropriation for the Cumber-
land road, a work which, if it be not crushed by the
wretched policy of this Administration, will reflect
as much glery upon your civil history as the deeds
of the great and patriotic citizen whose conduct I
naye been compelled, to notice, ever did upon your
military annate.
SINOPSIS   OF   THS  SPEICB AT
MR. JULIUS C. ALFORD,
OF GEORGIA,
In the ffouie ofReprescntutivepJune, 1840, against
the Sub-Tr\asié-y Bill.
Mr. Coopkr, of Georgia, #1>tained the floor, and
remarked that he had postponed the speech he in-
tended to make in favor of the bill, in hope that some
of his colleagues, opposed! to the measure, would
have preceded him in the débate. Mr. Awo rd said,
if my colleague will yield the floor, I will oblige him.
Mr. Cooper gave way, and
Mr. ALFORD said: Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the sub-Treasury scheme, and have been from the
time it was first recommended by Mr. Van Buren to
Congress. Upon this question I differ with three
of my colleagues, the two who have addressed the
committee, (Messrs. Black and Colquitt,) and
my friend who has so kindly allowed me to go be-
fore him in this debate, (Mr. Coopkr.) Before I
enter upon the merits of the bill, I will say a word
in reply to my colleagues, who have labored to " de-
fine" their new " position."
My colleagues who have addressed the committee
admit, in this debate, that they are now supporting
Mr. Van Buren, because he is a sub-Treasury Presi-
dent When they were elected by the State Rights
party of Georgia, he was then, as he now is, an ad-
vocate of this scheme, and they knew it; so were
they, but still, at that time they wert opposed to Mr.
Van Buren. - They allege that this measure is the
sole cause of their adhesion to the party, and that it
is justly considered by themselves the true test of
their political faith. It would look better if they had
said so before the election, to the people of Georgia,
and not come into Congress the friends of the scheme,
and the enemies of the President, and now avow
themselves the friends of both. They allege that
they have been " proscribed" by the State Rights
party on account of this measure. I answer, not so.
The people elected them with a full knowledge of
their friendship for this system of finance ; in fact,
we agreed that a difference of opinion on this ques-
tion should not separate us as a party. Accordingly
the people elected us; we came here—six of us " are
as we were;" you are in a new "position," easily
" defined." You are Van Burenized in full; gone
over " horse, foot, and dragoons." You have not
been " proscribed" because you support the measure.
No such thing. You are rejected because you sup-
port the man—the head of the party.
You, gentlemen, place what you are pleased to
call your defence on a. false issue. You allege that
you are " proscribed" for your devotion to principle.
Not so. The action of the people is founded upon
the opinion that you have deserted them, and gone
over to Van Buren ; and that is the true issue. The
people of the State Rights party have rejected you,
because they believe you have joined the side of
power, at a time when every patriot should be true
to the people. You " appeal" from their decision;
that is, from your friends to your enemies ¡ or, in
other words, from your old friends to your new ones.
These remarks are made " more in sorrow than in
anger," but they are necessary, after what you have
said in your assumed " defence." 1'hey are neces-
sary in behalf of the people, whom you charge with
" proscription," and are necessary to a proper under-
standing of our separation here—politically I mean,
for I desire our personal relations should remain
friendly, as they were in by-gone days. We marched
in the same column; we fought in the same ranks;
we conquered in the same glorious cause, and tri-
umphed over a common enemy; but now, alas!
when we should do battle again in the same cause,
against the same enemy, you are found in his camp.
I deplore the separation, but I cannot give up the
contest If I fall, I fall with my friends : that will
be glory enough. If you are triumphant, you rise
with your enemies, and that would dishonor you;
but whether you rise or fall, the great moral effect
will be the same: that man who gains power or
distinction by a desertion of his friends will sink at
last, and die " unhonored and unsung."
Mr. Chairman, I am now done with my colleagues,
and their « defence." I cannot answer all they have
•aid—time would fail.   They have said much, and
written more. They feel, no doubt, the necessity of
prompt" defence." They are satisfied, I hope, after
making a speech apiece, and answering every news-
paper squib with a pamphlet.
This act, for the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue, is in itself
sufficiently explicit of its pretended character, and
would seem to indicate some necessity for its passage.
To me the whole scheme appears deceptive ; and I
believe, instead of what it puiports to be, it is, in
truth and fact, a bill to confirm and legalize the usur-
pations of General Jackson in the person of Mr. Van
BuTen and his successors. It is a bill to give the
President the supreme control of the people's purse.
In opposition to the whole bill, I lay down the pro-
position that there is not now, nor ever has been,
any necessity for such an act; or, in other words,
that the existing laws are sufficient, if executed by
able and honest agents, to collect, keep safe, transfer,
and disburse the public revenue.
Under the act of 1789, and its various amendments,
we have a system of finance almost perfect; and no
instance of a failure in its operations has occurred,
to my knowledge, on account of the law, but in every
instance the defalcations have been strictly personal.
The law is good enough ; the fault is in those who
administer it. We have a Treasury Department by
law; we have a Secretary of the Treasury by law;
we have collectors; we have auditors and clerks;
and officers enough, God knows, all authorized by
law; and we have a building large enough and strong
enough to hold al! the gold and silver in America.
What else do we need 1 Nothing but honest agents;
men capable and honest, and willing to do their
duty.
My colleague (Mr. Coi,o.t7itt) asked emphati-
cally, in his speech the other day, what is the
remedy proposed by those who oppose this bill?
He said we had none. I have one of my own. I
have not consulted anybody. I have kept it to
myself for this moment I meet his interrogatory.
I answer it My scheme is short, good, effectual,
and all will agree it would do the work. Let alone
the banks and sub-Treasury, and turn out of office
every rogue in the Government, and appoint honest
men in their stead.
In this debate, now of six weeks' duration, not a
speaker, that I have heard, has noticed the fact that
we have existing laws on this subject at all. This
confusion comes out of the conflict of parties, and
this unholy and unnecessary war upon the currency.
It began with General Jackson and the Bank of the
United States—it arose out of no necessity of a
change of the deposites—it had its origin in political
warfare. The bank would not support the General,
and he went to war. He waged an exterminating
warfare against the bank—he killed it off—he dug
it up, and killed it over again—and ever since the
death of the bank, the party have been making cap-
ital out of an unjust war against a dead enemy.
Every little Locofoco-Morus Multicaulis-Van Buren
demagogue digs up the bones of the monster, and
, pops off his blow-gun at the dead enemy, then throws
up his cap, and shouts for the sub-Treasury. Next
came the pet-bank system, which, in the hands of a
tyrant master, fell at the first fire. There was no
fair trial of this system. We cannot tell, from the
experiment, whether it would do or not. They were
used by the Government to help to kill the United
States Bank, and were then thrust aside as useless
allies, and are now denounced and abused by the
party as rotten, insolvent, dishonest, and danger-
ous monopolies. All I can say is, they are the work
of the party.
Mr. Chairman, the history of this war upon the
currency is curious enough—it was all passion, no
reason. As soon as General Jackson became angry
with the State banks, he swore he would have no
more to do with banks of any sort, and forthwith
issued the famous specie circular, which was in itself
the forerunner of this bill of abominations, and, in
its practical effect, demonstrated a miniature picture
of what is to be the widespread ruin of this last
experiment upon the currency ; for truly, sir, the
people cannot bear another. They are exhausted
by the war on the banks, the specie circular, and
the anticipated.operation! of the sub-Treasury.
The divorce of Government and banks began to
