Jul. 1840.
APPENDIX TO TlfB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
T89
86th Coks.•••1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
be felt with all its force on the issuing of the specie
circular. It was issued just about the time the"
western lands came into market. The rich office-
holders hastened to the west, with great quantities
of gold and silver, ready to meet the sales. The
home of many a poor man was brought into market,
and he had prepared himself with bills, that passed
a week before for land, to buy his own improve-
ments ; but the day cf sale came, and with it came
the specie circular—his money would not bay his
home, the speculator bought it over his head, and
turned him out, with his wife and children, into the
forest, homeless and houseless. This was one of
the^ríí acts of this ruinous device of one currency
for the Government and none for the people.
Mr. Chairman, I have spoken of this bill—of what
it purports to be. I have said I believed there was
no necessity for such a law, and stated facts, in rela-
tion to existing laws organizing the Treasury De-
partment, showing the truth of that position. It has
never been disproved—it cannot be. The condition
•f the finances before they were tampered with, and
their condition now, is proof enough. Why, then,
are we still urged to adopt this odious scheme—to
make this fearful experiment 1 Is it not because it
is to be an engine of political power in the hands of
the President ? Look at the nature and character
of the whole plan—then contemplate its fearful con-
sequences. First, its fine and costly buildings;
next, its strong boxes—these to be 'ocated at almost
every strong point in the Union; then comes its
innumerable offices, all to be filled by the President
with partisan slaves, removable at his will—collec-
tors, receivers, keepers, messengers, turnkeys, rogues
and runaways, swartwouts, &c. Then there must
be money raised, to be collected, safely kept, trans-
ferred, and stolen. From a knowledge of the fact that
more money would be needed to do all this than the
people would allow, and the fear that the bill would
be defeated if the truth was made known, you have
not specified the amount, but have appropriated the
people's money without limitation as to the sum.
Yon dare not do it. You make a great splutter
about your -ways ar.d means. There are more way 
than means—all -¡cays and no means, and mean
•mays at that. No offence to the committee ; I only
mean it is extremely deceitful to make such a parade
about youT money when you have not a dollar.
You intend to get money, honestly if you can; but
you intend to have it, any way.
Mr. Chairman, I have said we should contemplate
the fearful effects of the practical operation of this
measure upon tlie people of this country. I may
add, upon their Government, as well as their inter-
est. Let us, in some measure, judge of the future
by the past. The anticipated operation of the sub-
Treasury has already crippled your commerce, im-
poverished your merchants, reduced the price of pro-
duce as well as labor, and brought infinite distress
upon the country. Compare our condition now,
with what it was when the Administration came into
power. Every honest candid man admits we are
infinitely more oppressed now than we were at that
time. I mean the people—I am one of them. It is
true, these lordly office-holders say they can see no
distress. They feel none, I dare eay; they have
high wages, paid in gold and silver, and cannot see,
because they will not; they look over the heads of
the people—they fix their sights too high: lower
your sights, gentlemen—go with me to see the peo-
ple. I will show you an alarming condition of things,
if you will open your eyes—all mainly growing out
of this thrice-rejected system. I will show you the
judgments, executions, and sheriffs' sales now in
full play over the country. I will point to you the
husband leading his wife, followed  by the weeping
children, to the place of sale, all carrying the last
bed, or horse, or cow, to be Bold to pay a debt con-
tracted before you made war on the banks and cur-
rency, and which would have been easily paid but
for your golden humbug.
Mr. Chairman, I mentioned the effect on the peo-
ple by your action on the banks. Your measures
. have been directed mainly against the banks, and
have been so harsh and tyrannical that they are all
virtually closed. Whatever may be said against the
banks, they are the only places where the people can
get aoy money to pay their debts, and every effort
you make to ruin them tells upon the people. The
banks furnish the only medium of circulation, an^
have all the gold and silver. Your oppressions con-
strain them to curtail their discounts and call in their
debts at this time of general distress. The effect is
ruinous—absolutely ruinous. Whether the banks
were proper or not in the beginning, they are now a
part and parcel of our system, and the means used
to destroy them operate on the whole community.
The people own the banks, and the people owe the
banks. Their relations to each ether are mutual,
and war upon one injures the other. I have been
accused of being more friendly to the banks than
formerly. I confess it. I resisted their creation ;
but they were made, and have now become so blend-
ed with every order of society, in their interest and
transactions, that no patriot can refuse to sustain
them as long as they conduct their business honest-
ly. I am a disinterested witness. I do not own a
dollar of their stock. I do not owe them one cent
I speak of facts as they are, and tell the plain truth.
Let me say one word to you who now war against
all banks to the knife, and the knife to the hilt—
you may produce revulsion and revolution, but, short
of that, you cannot change the order of society.
I desire to say one word to my colleague (Mr.
Cooper) on the subject of banks. May I ask him
what is the difference, in principle, of supporting
banks and owning them 1 or, in other words, how
can he consistently oppose all banks with such ve-
hemence, and still be the owner of one.himself 1 Is
it right, in principle or morality, to oppose a bank
whose interest is regulated by law at six per cent.,
and still be the owner of a bank authorized by law
to take the highest rate of interest it can get ? The
one is regulated by law; the other has no bounds
but what are set by avarice and necessity.
I am happy to see my colleague in such good
company. Our Senator (Mr. Lcmpkiií) whispers
him closely. How softly he talks to my friend!
How these gentlemen do nurse their infant Demo-
crats ! Well, well, this looks strange to me! And,
but the other day, when my colleague (Mr. Col-
«.pitt) was about to speak to this question, I saw
the old gentleman talking softly in his ear. Hea-
vens ! how these old folks do nurse their baby De-
mocrats !    It must be painful to memory!
Mr. Chairman, I now approach the last branch of
this debate, and by far the most important. I will
say a word on the cflect of this measure upon
the Government of the country and the liberty of the
people. What it has done, is easily understood;
what it will do, cannot be comprehended or foretold
in all its direful effects. The President of the Uni-
ted States began this system by seizing upon the
purse of the people, in violation of law. He usurped
the power of Congress, and claimed it for, himself.
He removed the deposites. Ho arrested the power
of legislation from the Representatives of the people,
and exercised it himself in a tyrannical and unlaw-
ful manner. He displaced an honest officer, and
appointed one subservient to his ambition. And his
successor, who promises to tread in his footsteps, is
now asking us to confirm in his hands the power
thus obtained by usurpation and aggression; or, in
other words, to give him the purse and the sword.
He desires to wear the uniform of Andrew Jackson,
and control the people's Treasury. He will look
odd—a mock tyrant—a Kinderhook hero—a mon-
key treading in the footsteps of a giant! The uni-
form will not fit; the character will not suit; but
still the injury will be the same. All power is con-
centrated in the head of the nation.
This measure will soon become a law; and the
President has the sword and the purse. All he lacks
is an army, to kill those he cannot buy; and he now
boldly demands a standing army of two hundred
thousand men. Give him that, also, (as you will at
last, I fear,) and in his person is concentrated all the
powers of this nation, which rightfully belong to her
people; and he is emphatically a monarch, and under
his reign we shall be slaves, if he should be re-elect-
ed. The people are impoverished; they groan under
a mountain-weight of debt Commerce does not
afford a revenue. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means dare not tell the amount of our
revenue; it is almost nothing. We are actually
receiving comparatively nothing from duties on im-
ports, notwithstanding we have a tariff of duties now
much too high. What is the cause of this poverty \
Your sub-Treasury, your golden dreams, your iron
times, your hard-money currency, have killed com-
merce, broken the merchant, ruined the planter, and
turned the mechanic out of employment. All this
has come already from the anticipated operation of
this accursed experiment.
One more measure will result from this scheme—
direct taxes. Your coffers must be filled. You had
as well appoint your a^es.sors and collectors oftaxes
at once, and go and demand gold and silver of the
people to glut your avarice. Georgia has no strong
box provided for our State. We must pay our
taxes into Mr Calhoun's department, and thus be
made tributary to South Carolina. There is no
justice, equality, honesty, or benefit in the whole de-
vice. It is an engine of power and oppression—a
great political inquisition, to crush the people and
the laws. When the power of thi« corrupt Admin-
istration mo\cs the lever and turns the screw, the
body politic will Le broken on the wheel, and the
life's blood of this nation will flow under its tortures.
Let us wake up to our danger in time to defeat the
election of the chief and author of this fatal device.
Let us defeat him, and break the succession, or wc
shall be enslaved to others more vicious and tyrannical
than he is himself. We can achieve it if we will.
We have the means in our own hands. The privi-
lege of voting is still allowed us. Let us elect
William Hejírt Harrison, and all will be right
again; this scheme to ruin us will be dissolved; con-
fidence will be restored ; and peace, good order, and
prosperity will return to our border.
SPEECH OF Mr. MERRICK,
OF MARYLAND,
In Senate, January 23, lfUO.—On the Sub-Treasu-
ry Bill.
Mr. Smith, of Indiana, having concluded his re-
marks in opposition to the bill—
Mr. Merrick rose and said, he had understood
the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Tappan) to say that if
(he debate was to progress further, he wished to
have an opportunity ot delivering his opinions;
and Mr. M.'s object in rising, therefore, was to say
to the Senator that he (Mr. M.) also desired, and
intended, to express his views before the vote was
taken,but would with pleasure give way, and allow
the Senator from Ohio to precede him,'if such was
his wish.
Mr. Tappan declining to address the Senate at
all on the subject, Mr. Merrick proceeded to say
that he felt it to be imperatively his duty to submit
his views upon a question of such great moment,
and so vitally interesting to his ow^n immediate
constituents, as well as to the whole country, advo-
cated, as it had now been, upon grounds more ex-
traordinary and more unjustifiable than any he had
ever heard in this country. But as it was then late
in the evening, (past five o'clock,) and the Senate
must be already wearied by so protracted a sitting,
he would move thai the Senate do now adjourn.
He should not have made this motion, late as the
hour was, but that he desired an opportunity to
look into and examine a large bundle of papers
which he held in his hand, and which had been
some time since communicated to the Senate by the
Executive, in relation to the particular subject then •
under consideration, and for the examination of
which no opportunity had yet been afforded to the
members of the Senate generally. It would be re-
collected, he said, that those papers had been, when
first presented to the Senate, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; that committee had ever since
retained possession of those papers, (he did not
doubt from correct motives,) without causing them
in the usual way to be printed for the use of the
Senate. He had the day before applied to the
chairman of that committee for the privilege of ex-
amining them, and his request was promptly ac-
ceded to; but it so happened that the Senate re-
mained in session till a late hour that evening, and
the papers not being exactly in place at the time of
adjournment, be could not then get them; nor had
he been able to see them at all until after the com-
mencement of the session this morning, when the
honorable chairman, (Mr. Wright,) with his char-
acteristic politeness and courtesy, handed them to
him in his place in the Senate.   It was obvious to
