790
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1140
26th Coxo.......1st Sbsb.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
all that there had been no opportunity since to give
them the slightest examination.*
The motion to adjourn being refused by a vote of
the majority, Mr. Merrick again rose, and said he
lad always been reluctant to trespass upon the time
and attention of the Senate; and he had lelt a more
than usual degree of reluctance to trouble the body
with any remarks of his this evening, because the
lateness of the hour and the wearied condition of
the members, to say nothing of his inability to com-
mand attention under the most favorable circum-
stances, rendered it but too manifest that he should
be addressing unwilling hearers. He had, too,
really desired to examine the documents communi-
cated by the Executive on this very subject, before
he submitted his views upon it; which documents,
as he had stated on moving for the adjournment,
had, when first delivered to the Senate, been refer-
red to the Committee on Finance, had ever since
been retained by that committee without being
printed, or any opportunity afforded to Senators to
examine them, and of which, although he had be-
fore endeavored, he had not been able to get posses-
sion until after the commencement of the debate this
morning, and then only through the courtesy of the
honorable chairman. These papers might or might
not contain information material, and important to
be known and considered before the final decision
of the question. He was himself unable to say
what they contained; but it was fair to presume,
as the Government had been at great pains to col-
lect and communicate them to the Senate, that they
contained something useful in illustration of the
operation of the principles of the bill under discus-
sion ; and he would not assame, though the refusal
of an opportunity to examine them afforded room
for such a suspicion, that they might contain some-,
thing which some of the ardent friends of the pend-
ing measure were unwilling to submit to private
scrutiny or public view. Since, however, the ma-
jority of the Senate had seen fit to refuse him the
indulgence, at all times promptly extended when
asked for, with or without reason, to members on
the other side, and within the last two days accord-
ed to the Senator from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Bn-
chanan,) at an unusually early hour, he would
without scruple or apology of any kind proceed to
exercise his righl to express distinctly andfully his
opinions upon this most unwise and pernicious
measure, whether those opinions might be agreea-
ble to gentlemen or not. He was fully determined
that this attempt to smother debate should not be
successful, so far as depended upon him at least.
He had some rights there, as well as the majority;
they had the power to refuse an adjournment, al-
though the day was spent, and thus endeavor to
Ereelude not only an examination of the documents
e had referred to, but all further discussion of the
bill. But he must tell gentlemen he had the power
and the right to proceed in the discussion, and that
right he was resolved to exercise. He knew full
well it was useless to address reasons or arguments
of any kind in opposition to this measure to the
majority of the Senate; they had determined to pass
the bill, and would hearken to nothing that could be
said, however demonstrative of its evil tendency.
But there was yet a higher tribunal, having the
most direct, deep, and abiding interest in this and
all other measures passed upon here, to whom it
was not useless to speak—he meant the freemen of
this glorious Republic. They will inquire into,
judge, and determine upon the merits and demerits
. of this and all other propositions entertained
%by this body, and their determination will be ac-
cording to the right and truth of the matter, in
spite of all the efforts which may be here made to
the contrary. They, sir, will hold both majorities
and minorities here to a just and strict accounta-
bility. Before them, at least, I wish to stand justi-
fied for the vote I am now about to give; and to
them (since all further argument is manifestly lost
upon this Senate') I wish to be understood as now
addressing myself. No, sir, I am speaking too fast;
I am too humble an individual, too little known to
fame, to expect that my remarks will be considered
  This bundle of papers consisted of statements
furnished, agreeably to directions, by various con-
suls and other agents of the Government of the
United States, in a number of foreign countries,
mostly European, showing the fiscal policy, mode
of collecting, ke«ping, and disbursing the public
moneys in those countries respectively, and the
media in which their several public dues were col-
lected.
or attended to by the whole, or any very large por-
tion of the whole American people; but there is a
small portion—a high-spirited, enlightened, and
patriotic portion of those people, who will read and
consider what Í have to say—my own constituents.
The people uf Maryland have a right to know and
judge of the reasons for the manner in which 1 ex-
ercise the high powers they have deputed me to
exercise here; and I shall now give them the rea-
sons for my vote upon this bill, in the best manner I
can, forced, as I am, by the majority of this body,
to proceed instantly,all unprepared as I am for the
discussion, or not at all.
This debate, Mr. President, is, from the nature
of the question involved, and the multifarious in-
terests mediately and immediately to be affected by
the adoption of the proposed policy, capable of be-
ing made to take a most comprehensive range; but
it shall be my study to abridge as much as possible,
passing entirely much that has been better said by
abler men, and glancing only at some few of the
most prominent objections which present themselves
to my judgment, desiring to consume no more time
than is necessary to state them plainly and dis-
tinctly.
And now what is the proposition before us 7 The
Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Buchanan) said
the other day, in the argument he addressed to us
on the subject, that it wajfthe most simple thing im-
aginable. It is nothing more, said the honorable
gentleman, " than to deposite for safekeeping the
public mouey with officers responsible to the Gov-
ernment, instead of depositing it with irresponsible
corporations." How very, very simple! how harm-
less ! how innocent and unimportant the honorable
Senator would make it appear! And yet, with all
this insignificance and simplicity, it has unceasing-
ly agitated the whole country for three years; and
the united energies of the great and powerful party
of which the gentleman isa most conspicuous mem-
ber, though exerted throughout that whole period
with unwearied perseverence, have not yet proved
sufficient to force it upon a reluctant people. It is
something more, then, than the harmless, simple,
insignificant thing the gentleman represents it to be;
and would be much more correctly characterized
by striking out the whole description the gentleman
has given of it, as well as the title now annexed to
the bill, and inserting the following as its true title,
viz: A bill to separate, as far as possible, the inter-
ests of the Government and Government officers
from the interests of the people, and to reduce the
value of property, and the wages of labor, in the
United States. This, sir, is certainly much more ex-
pressive of the true nature and effectsof the measure,
than either the description given of it by the gentle-
man or the title it now bears. Let us examine it. The
Senator says it is to deposite the public money for
safekeeping with officers responsible to the Gov-
ernment, instead of irresponsible corporations.
How are these officers more responsible to the Gov-
ernment than sound, solvent, and well-regulated
banks? If that sort of responsibilityrwhieh results
from being the mere creatures of the President,
holding their offices at his will, and subservient,
from that very tenure, in all things, both in keep-
ing and disposing of the people's money, to his
pleasure, be the kind of responsibility to which the
fentleman alludes, and which the friends of this
ill desire to establish, I grant you it will be obtain-
ed by this measure; but if by responsibility is meant
security for the money—assurance that it will be ap-
plied only according to the will and wishes of the
people themselves, as declared by their Represen-
tatives—guaranty against defaults and embezzle-
ment—I take issue with the gentleman, and deny
that any one of these desirable and important ends
will or can be as well attained by this measure as
they have been, and can be again, by the modes of
keeping the public money heretofore most com-
monly practised by this Government. If there be
any one bold enough to maintain that any amount
of money will be safer in the hands of any of the
individual receivers and keepers contemplated by
this bill, especially if the amount which comes to
his hands is fluctuating and liable occasionally to
be large, much larger, as it often must be. than the
real security affordad by any bond you can, in the
nature of things, exact or obtain from any of them,
and when, therefore, your sole dependance for safe-
ty is upon the honesty of the individual, than the
same amount of money would be in a sound and
solvent bank of large capital, where, in addition to
the character and honesty of the officers of the
bank, and the mutual check and guard each one of
these is upon another, you have as real, solid, sub-
stantial security for your deposites, the whole capi-
tal property, and profits of the bank—I can only say,
with such a one no argument can be maintained;
for the same disregard of the natural relation of
things would induce a denial of the simplest addi-
tion of numbers, or the most palpable connexions
of cause and effect. He might deny that two and
two make four, or that the sun gives light in the
heavens; no one could prove it to him by argument,
nor would any one doubt such palpable truths be-
cause of his denial. Then this claim for any
greater responsibility for the public money, which
it is asserted this bill will afford, falls to the ground ;
and there remain to recommend it to the favor of
the American people, and justify its passage, only
those incidental consequences, many of them here-
tofore, and some, not the least important of them,
now, lor the first time, avowed and declared to be
desired and expected from it. And what are they ?
First, it is to discountenance, check, and reduce, if
not totally to destroy, the credit system ; not the cre-
dit system of the Government, for there is none such,
except the credit given upon duties on imports, and
the credit taken by the issue of Treasury notes, nei-
ther of which has been objected to or proposed to be
altered by any gentleman on the other side in my
hearing; but the system of doing business and carry-
ing on their exchanges upon credit, in use among the
people. And again, it is, by its express provisions, to
require, after a very short period, the payment of all
taxes and dues to the Government in gold and silver
coin only, and consequentially to bring the whole
country down to a pure metallic currency. Let us
try these supposed good effects by what, to my judg-
ment, are the only legitimate tests of the goodness
of the effects of any political measure; let us inquire
whether they are such as will produce the greatest
amount of good to the greatest number of free peo-
ple ; let us examine and determine whether they are
to be beneficial to the many or the few; and if found,
upon this examination, tc be injurious to the great
body of the people, and beneficial only to the few,
and yielding that benefit, too, at the direct and im-
mediate and heavy cost of the greater number, let
us, as true Republicans, anxious to administer the
Government in conformity to the great principies
of equality which gave being to our institutions,
reject and repudiate both the cause and the effect,
the bill and these consequences. It is admitted,
for it cannot be denied, that there exists in the
country at this time general and wide-spread em-
barrassment and distress. It is admitted, too, that
this arises from a general indebtedness of the larger
portion of society, in greater or less degrees, occa-
sioned by the want of their usual and appropriate
employments among the laborious, industrious,
and enterprising classes, and the utter inability of
the great body of the people to obtain, by the sale
of either their property or the products of their in-
dustry, ike necessary means to meet and pay
promptly their various pecuniary engagements. I
say nothing about the causes which produced this
state of things; it boots not now to charge that home
upon hands which, having dealt the blow, have also
passed off the public stage. My businesses with
the facts as they are, and I leave it to the secrefre-
cess of every man's own bosom to tell him if I have
not stated truly his own or his neighbor's situation.
A remedy proposed, as one of the effects to flow from
this bill, is, a great reduction or total destruction of
cred it. That is, to require all debtors to forego any
further indulgence upon the demands against them,
and promptly to come forward, raise the money, ana
pay oil their obligations at whatever sacrifice; and
to take care, in the mean time, that no other debts,
not even temporary and for necessaries, be contract-
ed. Who are benefited by this—the debtors or the
creditors 1 Let the debtor part of society answer
for themselves. Which constitute the greater num-
ber—the debtors or the creditors'? All know the
many are the debtors, and those who owe no debts
the few and the very wealthy. Now couple with'
this the other branch of the proposition, that gold
and silver coin only is to be used as a circulating
medium; and who can contemplate the consequen-
ces to the great body of the people, the debtor por-
tion, without shrinking appalled by the spectacle it
presents 7 At the very moment when a prompt
settlement of all debts is demanded and insisted
upon, you annihilate and strike from existence as
money more than half the currency of the country.
Down must go the value of property of all kinds to
the lowest imaginable limits, because few, very few,
can have money to buy with; and the earnings o
