Jan. 1840.____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________________791
J6th Cono«...1st. Sess.                                 Indepmdent Treasury—Mr. Merrick.                                                 Senate.
the whole past lives of the industrious and enter-
prising farmers, mechanics, and all others who
have remnants of debt hanging over them, must be
sacrificed to pay those remnants of debt.   Many a
mau and many a worthy family, now possessed of
dfcmfortable homes, and believing themselves inde-
pendent in the possession of the fruits of by-gone
years of honest industry, will find themselves strip-
ped of every thing, and driven forth from those
homes and that independence, to begin the world
anew, and toil daily lor a mere subsistence.   Who
will acquire the property thus forced into the mar-
ket, and sold at any sacrifice 1   Who but your mo-
ney-kings, your wealthy capitalists, your men with
their tens of thousands of dollars of hoarded gold
and silver ?   They may acquire any amount of
property they please.   They may become princes
in wealth; whilst the many, the great mass, are
beggared and ruined.   The few will be enabled to
appropriate to any extent they please, to their own
exclusive use and benefit and enjoyment, the fruits
of the industry and toil of the many ¡ and in no way
are the many possibly to derive any even seeming
equivalent; Unless, indeed, there be some among
them simple enough to esteem the delight which
the glitter and jingle of the pittance of gold  and
silver which they receive for their sacrificed prop-
erty (during the short period it remains with them
in passing Irom the purchasers of their homes and
their all to the hands of their creditors) as an equiv-
alent for their losses.   You require the prompt pay-
ment of all debts, and, at the same instant you re-
quire this, you double the difficulty of paying them.
You disregard the implied, though known and well
understood, reference had by all persons in debt to
the relative values of money and property and labor
as they existed at the time of contracting those debts;
and you practise upon them the cruel injustice of
reducing oy one-half the money value of all they
have to pay with, and doubling at the same time
the value of the money to be paid to their creditors.
You beggar those in debt, and greatly enrich those
to whom debts are due.   You are adoptinga policy
which must tend to " make the rich richer, and
the poor poorer."   In no light in which I can view
it, can I perceive any thing but injury and evil to
flow from it to the many; its benefits will inure ex-
clusively to the salaried officers and to moneyed
capitalist, at the direct and heavy cost of the great
mass of the citizens of the country.   It cannot abide
the test by which I have proposed to try it.; it will
not work by the good old republican rule of equal
justice to all, and preferences for none.   It has not,
therefore, heretofore had, and can never have, my
vote or sauction.   Again, it hasbeen gravely urged
by several of the prominent supporters of this mea-
sure, as one of its most salutary effects, that it will
reduce the wages of labor in this country, and bring
them down to what gentlemen are pleased to call
the specie standard ; that is, to the rates paid for
wages to the laboring portions of the peoplcin those
countries where  credit is very limited, and hard
money is the only currency or circulating medium.
And it is argued that the high prices paid for wa-
ges in this country are the great cause of all the
distress which so extensively prevails.   We are
farther told, with a seeming air of triumph, to con-
template the advantages which several European
countries enjoy over us, especially in manufactur-
ing enterprises, by the low rates at which labor is
to be hired there ; wage? being lower in several of
those countries, in proportion as there is credit, and
they approach nearer to an exclusively metallic
currency.   Mr. President, this is an argument I
sever expected to hear in an American Senate.   1
did not think there was any man or any party bold
enough to advance it in a republican country. And
although I have long known and often  contended
that a great and ruinous reduction in the wages of
labor was to be the inevitable consequence of any
attempt to bring this country down to a merely gold
and silver currency, I had hoped there was no one
who would advocate the policy with such a view.
I have often, in thinking of the consequences of the
adoption of the policy proposed by this bill, of its
many evil  and pernicious   consequences to the
people of this country, contemplated the miserable,
dependent, servile, and wretched condition of the
working classes, in those countries where a similar
policy prevailed ; and have shuddered to think a
like distress, misery, and dependence might be
brought upon that roost numerous and valuable
portion of my own fellow-citizens, if it became the
law of thisland.   But till now I always supposed the
advocates of the bill, blinded by party zeal, or de-
ceived by their prejudices against banks, foresaw
not this effect from it, and could not desire so to
paralyze and cripple and blight the prospects of the
working people oí the country. I did not—I could
not have believed that the worship, the idolatrous
, worship of gold and silver, could ever so far get
Ítossession of the hearts and minds of men in this
and of liberty and intelligence, as to render them
willing to forego the delight which must gladden
all rightly constituted minds when they see around
them, in every direction, among their fellow-citi-
zens, joyous industry and smiling plenty and inde-
pendence, and to offer these all upa sacrifice to the
glitter and jingle of a few pieces of base coin. I
had always known and believed that an abundant
circulating medium, plenty without superabundance
of money, was (the great stimulus to industry and
enterprise of all kinds; promotive of moral and in-
tellectual improvement, and productive of both na-
tional and individual happiness and prosperity.
Credit I had always considered, and still consider,
the great lever by which the industrious, enterpris-
ing, and intelligent portion of the people may raise
themselves from the humblest to the highest condi-
tions in life; and I have often rejoiced in my heart
that the nature and genius of our laws and institu-
tions, and the-habits of our country, afforded such a
means for our young and active and intelligent
men, who might have no capital but their personal
energies and honest names to procure the facilities
and means of carrying on, upon their own accounts,
any branch of business—mechanical, agricultural,
or any other; thus opening to them a ready ac-
cess, by industry and perseverance, to independence
and respectability; and so insuring, as an almost
certain reward for well-spent seasons of youth and
manhood, that great good, from all hope of which
those born in a similarly humble condition in the
older non credit using, hard money countries of Eu-
rope were and are forever cut off. I have ever re-
joiced, and still rejoice, when I see an independent,
spirited, bold, and honest laborer of this country
going forth to toil, with all that self-confidence,
energy, and cheerfulness, so naturally and constant-
ly inspired by the consciousness that nis day's labor
is to earn for him enough to give abundance and
comfort to himself and his family, and leave, be-
sides, something to add to the capital he is endea-
voring to accumulate for the independence of his
advanced years. What American does not, who
can fail to, rejoice at the contemplaton of the rapid
advances made by our country in all the arts of
civilization and improvement 1 And who candeny
that these have been the result of the facilities af-
forded by credit, and the liberal rewards of labor,
acting upon and stimulating to exertion the ingen-
uity and industry of the great body of the people 1
Where has intellectual and moral improvement
been greater amongst any people on the face of the
earth than among the inhabitants of this country 1
Where are greater, or as great, results produced
by the physical and intellectual energies of the same
amount of population, as in these United States'?
And why is it that we have so far outstripped the
inhabitants of your hard money countries 1 Why
but because here every one has labored with the
certain prospect of bettering his condition, and
this bright and captivating prospect has animated
the bosoms of our laboring people, and stimulated
them to the utmost exertion of their even' faculty;
developed by constant attrition the high mental
powers of all; and so produced, and is still produc-
ing, daily additions to the stock of human knowl-
edge, and enlarging the sphere of human happiness
and enjoyment. Cut off this prospect; deaden this
animating hope; let your working classes under-
stand and know that, struggle astheymay, they are
never to rise, any of them, above their present hum-
ble condition—and what is there left to them worth
struggling for1? Necessity will compel them to
work for a subsistence; but where will be their
present ardor—where their spirit of improvement—
where their ever-sharpening, ever-brightening in-
telligence 1 Dead, perished and gone, with the
bright hopes which now stimulate and awaken
them. They may perform the amount of labor
imposedupon them by necessity; but it will, it must
be coldly and reluctantly done, without care as to
manner or effect, and without the co-operation of
the mind. Systems of policy may be adopted by
Government, and do exist in your hard money Go-
vernments, which enslave the bodies of the mass of
the people, and reduce and keep them in the condi-
tion of serfs and villeins; but mind, intelligence,
cannot be enslaved and made to 4rudge for a mas-
ter ! There is something in this essence which will
not endure servitude, and cannot be made to- agt
except by its own free impulses. If the body to
which it belongs, and to govern and direct which
is its office, is enslaved, it must dwindle and perish
by the irresistible laws of its nature. So we see in
the whole history of the world, the freer the institu-
tions of every people,¿he greater the developments
of intellectual powers amongst them, and the great-
er, consequently, the sum of their happiness and
prosperity. And, on the contrary, the more the
many are brought into subjection and subserviency
to the few, the lower any people fall in the scale of
being, and the less the sum of their enjoyment of
the many blessings vouchsafed by the Creator to his
creatures. It matters not how this subjection is
brought about, whether by the strong arm of power
directly exerted, or by covert and indirect govern-
mental policy, The fatal effects will be the same.
But it has"been argued that this reduction of the
wages of labor is necefsary to give protection to
our manufacturers, and enable them to compete in
the sale of their manufactures with those countries
where wages are so very low. This position I can-
not admit; and, even were it sound. I would not
consent to adopt a pjhc which should reduce our
laboring population to the miserable condition of
the peasantry and serfs of Europe for sucha pur-
pose. But, sir, the position is unsound in itself, as
the scope of a part of" what I have already said tends
to show. In the successful prosecution of the man-
ufacturing and mechanic arts, you want something
more than mere animal power—you want mind;
you require skill and ingenuity as well as industry
and economy. To obtain these in the highest de-
gree of perfection, there must exist such a system
of policy as is best calculated to call forth and elicit
these powers and qualities. And that, as I have
before said, is a system of liberal wages, liberal re-
wards for the exertion of mich powers, animating
and cheering on the operative always to the exer-
tion of all his powers, physical and mental, with the
bright hope of elevating himself amongst his fellow-
men. Let this description of men, too, as their
characters become established, and their skill and
ingenuity and practical knowledge are increased,
be able to command, by a prudent use of credit, the
means of owning and conducting, themselves and
upon their own account, the different sorts of manu-
facturing establishments, and rely upon it they will
greatly more than make up in skill, in economy, in
persevering industry, and inventive ingenuity, for
any difference in the cost of mere labor. Dr. Frank-
lin has said,
" He that by the plough would thrive,
Himself must either hold or drive."
And the remark was wise and just, not only in ref-
erence to agriculture, but to all other branches of
human industry. Oppress your*labor; bring the
prices paid for manufacturing skill and industry
down to the rates paid in your hard money coun-
tries; destroy, at the same time, the credit system,
and thereby preclude all but your great capitalists
from conducting the business, and participating iu
its profits, and you extinguish the life-giving prin-
ciple of your success. Your great capitalist will
sit upon' his bags of gold, doling out with niggard
hand his pence to men every way his superiors, for
their daily labor. His manufacturing establish-
ments must be conducted by agents whom he will
seek to oppress, and who will seek to cheat him in
turn. And there will be nowhere acting, to any
extent, any stimulus to, or efforts at, improvement;
and the great mass of operatives, many of whom
might, under a different policy, become useful and
valuable to their country, will sink into sullen in-
difference and despondence. If an illustration of
this is wanting, look to England, and contrast her
with the countries on the continent of Europe. How
far has she outstripped them in all the multifarious
branches of human industry 1 And why has she
done so, but because of the greater developments
of the mental as well as physical powers of her peo-
ple, in consequence of the greater freedom of her
institutions, the free use of credit, and abundant
circulating' medium 1 How very far has she got
the start ofyour non-credit-using, hard-money Gov-
ernments of the continent 1 But, far as she has the
start of them, the American people are destined,
unless crushed by unwise legislation, to get the lead
of her equally far, by the time they shall have pass-
ed from their state of adolescence as a nation; be-
cause our people are so much freer than hers, and
our country possesses so many and such incompar-
ably greater advantages of all kinds, than that.
i
