79i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
t6ra Con .... 1st Sus.
fianhrupt Bill—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
sabject is placed in the discretion and under the
legislation of Congress. The Constitution does not
aav that Congress shall hare power to pass a bank-
rapt law, nor to introduce U* system of bankruptcy.
It declares that Congress shall have power to " es-
ImKuk uniform Uues on the subject 0) bankruptcies
Ikr0ugi«mt tit IntttJ Sites." This is the whole
clause, nor is there any limitation or restriction im-
posed by any other clause.
What, then, ts " the subject of bankruptcies 1" or,
in other words, what are •' bankruptcies 1" It is to
be remeinbeied that the Constitution grants the
powers to Congress by particular or specific enu-
meration; and, in making this enumeration, it
mentions bankruptcies as a head of legislation, or
as one of the subjects over which Congress is to
possess authority. Bankruptcies are the subject,
sad the word is most certainly to be taken in its
common and popular sense—in that sense in which
the people may be supposed to have understood it
when they ratified the Constitution. This is the
trae rale of interpretation. And I may remark,
that it is always a Utile dangerous, in construing
the Constitution, to search for the opinions or un-
derstanding of member  of the Convention in any
other sources than the Constitution itself, because
the Constitution owes its whole force and authority
to its ratification by the people, and the people
judged of it by the meaning most apparent on its
flu*. How particular members may have under-
stood its provisions, if it could be ascertained, would
not be conclusive. The question would still be,
how did the people understand ul And this can
be decided only by giving their usual acceptation
to all words not evidently used in a technical sense,
and by inquiring, in any case, what was the inter-
pretation or exposition presented to the people when
the subject was under consideration.
Bankruptcies, in the general use and acceptation
of the term, mean no more than failures A bank-
ruptcy is a fact. It is an occurrence in the life and
fortune  of an individual. When a man cannot
pay his debts, we say he has become bankrupt, or
has failed. Bankruptcy is not merely the condition
of a man who is insolvent, and on whom a bank-
nipt law is already acting. This would be quite
too technical an interpretation. According to this,
there could never be bankrupt laws; because every
law, if this were the meaning, would suppose the
existence of a previous law. Whenever a man's
means are insufficient to meet his engagements and
pay his debts, the fact of bankruptcy has taken
place; a case ot bankruptcy has ansen, whether
there be a law providing for it or«ot.
There may be bankruptcies, or tases of bank-
ruptcy, where there are no bankrupt laws existing.
Or bankrupt laws may exist, which shall extend to
some ban kruptcies, or some cases of bankruptcy, and
not to others. We constantly speak of bankrupt-
cies happening among individuals, without refer-
ence to existing laws. Bankruptcies, as facts, or
occurrences, or cases, for which Congress is au-
thorized to make provision,are failure*. A learn-
ed judge has said that a law on the subject 01 bank-
ruptcies, in the sense of the Constitution, is a law
making provision for cases of persons failing to
pay their debts. Over the whole subject of these
bankruptcies, or these failures, the power of Con-
gress, as it stands on the face of the Constitution,
is full and complete.
And now let us see bow it is that this broad and
general power is, or can be, limited by a supposed
reference to the English bystem. The argument
is this: The members of the convention, in con-
ferring this power on Congress, must be supposed
to have had reference to the bankrupt laws of Eng-
land; and the bankrupt laws of England, as then
existing, embraced only merchants and traders,
and were only applied to debtors at the instance of
their creditors; therefore, the infcience is said to
be, that traders only should be regarded as subjects
of any bankrupt law to be passed by Congress, and
that no such law should give the debtor himself a
right to become bankrupt, at his own request; or,
at least, that every such law should give a right to
the creditor to proceed against his debtor. But is
this the just analogy 1 Is this the point of view in
which a general resemblance ol our system and
the English system may be supposed to have been
contemplated 1 Clearly not, in my opinion. Let
it be admitted that the framers of the Constitution
looked to England for a general example; they
must he supposed, nevertheless, to have looked to
the power of Parliament, and not to the particular
mode in which that power had been exercised, or
the particular law then actually existing. The
true analogy is, as it seems to me, between power
and power—the power ot Parliament, and the
power of Congress; and not between the power of
Congress, and any actually existing British statute,
which might be, perhaps, in many respects, quite
unsuitable to our condition.
The members of the convention did not study
the British statutes, nor examine judicial decisions,
to ascertain the precise nature ot the actually ex-
isting system of bankiiiptcy in England. Still less
did the people of the I'tiiied Stales trouble them-
selves with such inquiries. All saw that Parlia-
ment possessed and exercised a power of passing
bankrupt laws, and   of a'termii   and amending
hem, from tune to time, according to its own dis-
cretion, and the necessities ot" the case. This
power they intended to conler on Congress, as
largely, for aus;hi that appears, as they saw it held
by Parliament. The early British statutes were
not confined to traders ; later statutes weie so con-
fined ; and more recently, again, changes have
been made, which bring 111 very numerous classes
of persons who were not esteemed trader^, in Eng-
land, at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I may add, that bank-
rupt laws, properly so called, or laws providing for
the cessio bonorum, on the continent of Europe, and
in Scotland, were never confined to traders; and
while the members of the Convention may be sup-
itnsed to have looked to the example of England, it
is by no means improbable that they contemplated
also the examples and institutions of other coun-
tries. There is no reason to suppose that it was
intended to tie up the hands of Congress to the es-
tablishment of that particular bankrupt system
which existed in England in 1789, and to deny to
it all power of future modification and amend-
ment . it would be just as reasonable to say that the
United States laws of copy-right, of patents for in-
ventions, and many others, could only be mere
transcripts of such British statutes on the same
subjects as existed in 17-t9.
The great object was to authorize Congress to
establish a uniform system throughout all the
States. No State could of itself establish such a
system; it could only establish a system for itself;
and the diversities, inconsistencies, and interferen-
ces of the several State systems had been subjects
of much well-grounded complaint. It was intend-
ed to give Congress the power to establish unifor-
mity in this respect; and if the English example
was regarded, it was regarded in its general char-
acter, of a power in Parliament to pass laws on the
subject; to repeal them, and pass others, in its dis-
cretion ; and 10 denl with the whole subject, from
time to time, as experience or the exigencies of the
public should suggest or require. The bankrupt
system of England, as it exited in 1789, was not
the same which had previously existed, nor the
same which afterwards existed, or that which now
exists. At first, the system was coercive; and the
law a sort of criminal law, expending to all persons,
as well as traders. But changes had taken place
before 1789, and other changes, and very important
changes, have taken t lace 'inre. The system is
now greatly simplified and improved, and it is also
trade much more exten«nc as to those whom it
embraces. It is hard I y too much to say that it is
preposterous to contf-nd that we are to refuse to
ourselves not only the light of our own experience,
and all regard to our own peculiar situation, but
that we are also to exclude from our regard and
notice all modern English improvements, and con-
fine ourselves to thr English bankrupt laws as they
existed in 17M). The power of Congress is given
in the fullest manner, and by 'he largest and most
comprehensive terms and forms of expression; and
it cannot be limited by vague presumptions of a
reference to other existing c>des, or loose conjec-
tures about the intents of its framers, nowhere ex-
pressed or intimated in the instrument itself, or
anv contemporaneous exposition.
I think, then, that Congress may pass a law
which shall include persons not traders, and which
shall include voluntary cases only. And I think
further, that the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable member from New Jersey is, in effect, ex-
actly against his own argument. I think it admits
all that he contends against. In the first place, he
admits voluntary bankruptcies; and there were
none such in England in 1789. This is clear.
And in the next place, he admits any one who will
say that he has been concerned in trade; and he
maintains, and has asserted, that in th:s country £
any body may say that. Any body, then, may
come in under the bill. The only difference is, he
must come in under a disguise, or in an assumed
character. Whatever be his employment, occupa-
tion, or pursuits, he must come in as a trader, or as
one who has been concerned or engaged in trade.
The honorable member attempts a distinction be-
tween traders and those who tan say that they have
been engaged in trade. I cannot sec the difference.
It is too fine for me. A trader is one concerned in
trade, and to be concerned in trade is to be a trader.
What is the difference 1 But if persons may be
concerned in trade, and yet not be traders, still
such persons were not embraced in the English
statutes, which apply to traders by name; and,
therefore, the gentleman's bill would embrace per-
sons not within those statutes as they stood in 1789.
The gentleman's real object is, not to confine the
bill to traders, but to embrace every body ; and yet
he deems it necessary for every person applying to
state, and to swear, that he has been engaged in
trade. This seems to me to be both superfluous
and objectionable : sujierlluous, because, il we have
a right to bring in persons under one name, we may
bnng in the same persons under another name, or
by a general description; objectionable, because it
requires men to state what may very much resem-
ble a falsehood, and to make oath to it. Suppose a
farmer or a mechanic to fail: can he take an oath
that he has been engaged in trade 1 If the objection
to bring in others than traders is well founded in
the Constitution, surely mere form cannot remove
it. Words cannot alter things. The Constitution
says nothing about traders. Yet the honorable gen-
tleman's amendment requires all applicants to de-
clare themselves traders; and, if they will but say
so, and swear so, it shall be so received, and no-
body shall contradict it. In other words, a fiction,
not very innocent, shall be allowed to overcome a
constitutional objection. The gentleman has been
misled by a false analogy. He has adopted an ex-
ample which does not apply to the case, and which
he yet does not follow out. The British statutes are
confined to traders; but then they contain a long
list of persons who it is declared shall be deemed
and taken to be traders within the acts. This list
they extend, from tirne to time; and whenever any
one within it becomes a voluntary bankrupt, he
avers, in substance, that he is a trader, within the
act of Parliament. If it had been necessary (as it
is not") to follow this example at all, the gentleman's,
bill should have declared all persons traders, for
the purpose of this act; and then every body could
have made the declaration without impropriety, as,
in England, the applicant only states that which
the law has made true. He declares himself a
trader, because the law has already declared that he
shall be considered a trader. His conscience, there-
fore, is protected. He swears only according to
the act of Parliament, if he swear at all. But, as
the provision stands here, it calls on every one to
declare himself a trader, or that he ha.  been en-
gaged in trade, not within the particular meaning
or sense of any act of Congress, but in the usual
and popular acceptation of the word.
Suppose, sir, a cotton planter, by inevitable mis-
fortune, by fire or flood, or by mortal epidemics
among his hands, is ruined in his affairs. Suppose
he desires to make a surrender of his property and
be discharged from his debts. He will be told,
You cannot have the benefit of the law as a cotton-
planter ; it is made only for traders, or persons en-
gaged in trade. Are you not a trader 1 No. I am
no trader, and was never engaged in trade. I
bought my land here, bought my hands from Caro-
lina, have bought stock from Kentucky, and raised
cotton and sold it. But I never bought an article
to sell again. I am no trader. But you must swear
that you have been engaged in trade; you must ap-
ply, not as John Jones, Esquire, cotton planter, on
the Red river; but as Mr. John Jones, trader, at his
store-house at or near the plantation of John Jones,
Esq. And so, sir, John Jones, the cotton-planter,
must either remain as he is, excluded from the pro-
visions of the law altogether, or sneak into them
under a disingenuous disguise, if it be not some-
thing worse.
This attempt, therefore, sir, to avoid a supposed
difficulty, encounters two decisive objections. In
the first place, there is no difficulty to be avoided:
in the second place, if there was, this manner of
avoiding it would be mere evasion.
But now, sir, I come to a veryimportant inquiry.
The Constitution requires us to establish uniform
Jaws on the subject of bankruptcy, if we establish
