Hay, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
26th Cowq«-««1st Skss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Wtbster.
Senate.
any. Now what is the uniformity, or in what is it
to consist! The honorable gentleman says that the
meaning is that the law must give a coercive power
to creditors, as well as a voluntary power to debt-
ors; that this is the, constitutional uniformity. I
deny this altogether. No idea of uniformity arises
from any such consideration. The uniformity
which the Constitution requires is merely a unifor-
mity throughout all the States. It is a local uni-
formity, and nothing more. The words are per-
fectly plain, and the sense cannot be doubted. The
authority is, to establish uniform laws on the sub-
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.
Can any thing be clearer ■? To be uniform, is to
have one shape, one fashion, one form; and our
bankrupt laws, if we pass them, are to have one
shape, one fashion, and one form, in every Stale.
If this be not so, what is the sense of the concluding
words of the clause, "throughout the United
States 1" My honorable friend from Kentucky (Mr.
Crittenden) has disposed of this whole question, if
there ever could be a question about it, by asking
the honorable gentleman from New Jersey what
uniform means in the very same clause of the Con-
stitution, where the word is applied to rules of nat-
uralization; and what it means in a previous
clause, where it declares that all duties of impost
shall be uniform throughout the United States.
It can hardly be necessary to discuss this point
further. If it were, the whole history of the Con-
stitution would show the object of the provision.
Bankrupt laws were supposed to be closely con-
nected with commercial regulations. They were
considered to be laws nearly affecting the inter-
course, trade, and dealing between citizens of dif-
ferent States; and for this reason it was thought
wise to enable Congress to make them uniform.
The Constitution provided that there should be but
one coinage, and but one power to fix the value of
foreign coins. The legal medium of payment,
therefore, in fulfilment of contracts, was to be as-
certained and fixed, for all the States, by Congress,
and by Congress alone; and Congress, and Con-
gress alone, was to have the power of providing a
uniform mode in which contracts might be dis-
charged without payment. Look to the discussions
of the times; to the expositions of the Constitution
made to the people by its friends when they urged
its adoption-, look to all within the Constitution,
and all without it; look any where or every
where, and you will see one and the same purpose,
one and the same meaning; and that meaning can-
not be more clearly expressed than the words of the
clause themselves express it—that laws to be estab-
lished by Congress on the subject of bankruptcies
shall be uniform throughout the United States.
Now, sir, the gentleman's bill is not uniform. It
proposes that there may be one law in Massachu-
setts, and another in New Jersey. The gentle-
man's bill includes corporations; but then it gives
each 8tate a power to exempt its own corporations,
or any of them, from the operation of the law, if it
shall so choose. It decides what shall be, in the
case oí banks, an act of bankruptcy; but then it
provides that any State may say, nevertheless,
that, in regard to its own banks, or any of them,
this shall not be an act of bankruptcy.
Here is the provision:
"Provided, however, That nothing herein con-
tained shall apply to or in anywise affect any cor-
poration, or association of persons incorporated or
acting under ajaw of any State of the Union; or
any Territory of the United States, where such cor-
poration or association shall be authorized by their
charter, or-any express law of such State or Terri-
tory, to door commit the act herein declared to be
an act of bankruptcy, or where, by any such law of
any such State or Territory, the said corporation or
association of persons shall or may be exempted
from the provisions of this act."
Pray, sir, what sort of uniformity is this"? A uni-
formity which consists in the authorized multiplica-
tion ot varieties. Who will undertake to defend
legislation of this kind, under our power to estab-
lish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies
throughout the United Stales t Not only is it in
direct violation of the plain text of the Constitution,
but it lets in the very evils, every one of them,
which the constitutional provision intended to shut
out. The Constitution says that Congress may
establish uniform laws; the gentleman's bill says
that Congress may propose a law, at least so far as
corporations are concerned, but that still each State
may take what it likes, and reject the rest; and
this, he contends, is establishing a uniform law.
I pray, sir, where is this power of exemption to
stop 7 If we may authorize States to exempt their
corporations, may we not, with equal propriety,
authorize them to exempt all their citizens 1 May
we not say that each State may decide for itself
whether it will have any thing to do with the law,
when we have passed it; or what parts it will adopt,
and what parts it will refuse to adopt 1
But, sir, I must wait till some attempt is made to
defend this part of the gentleman's bill. I must
see some show of propriety, some plausibility, before
I reason against it further. In the view I at present
have of it, it appears to me utterly repugnant to the
plain requirements of the Constitution—destitute not
only of all argument for its support, but of all apolo-
gy also. I see nothing in it but naked unconstitu-
tionality.
But, Mr. President, if these provisions were
constitutional, they would still be in the highest
degree unjust, and inexpedient, and inadmissible.
What is the object of bringing the banks into the
bill at all 1 Certainly there can be no just object,
other than to ensure the constant and punctual dis-
charge of their duties, by always paying their notes
on presentment. Clearly there can be no object
but to prevent their suspensions of payment. And
it might be said that this object was kept in view, if
the law were uniform, peremptory, inflexible'and
applying to all banks. But when you give the power
of exemption to the States, you sanction the very
evil which you propose to remedy. You profess to
prescribe a general rule, and yet authorize and
justify its violation. Do not the States now exempt 1
and is not that the very evil from which we suffer 1
Is not suspension, under the authority of State ex-
emption, the topic, the discussion of which every
day nearly stuns us by its reverberation from the
walls of this chamber 1 The charters of the banks
are, in general, well enough. They require punct-
ual specie payments, under severe penalties, and,
in some cases, under the penalty of forfeiture. But,
under the pressure of circumstances, and from a
real or supposed necessity, the States relieve the
banks from these penalties, and forbear to enforce
the forfeitures. And will they not, most assuredly,
also relieve the banks in the same manner, and for
the same reason, if they have the power, from the
penalties of our bankrupt law 7 State permission,
State indulgence, State exemption, is the very
ground on which suspension now stands, and on
which it is justified. And it is now proposed" that
Congress shall give its authority and sanction to
all this. It is proposed that Congressshall solemnly
recognise the principle, and approve and sanction
the practice of State exemption, of the suspension
of specie payments, by State authority. If Ihe States
will not enforce their own laws against the banks,
can any one imagine that they will see the equally
or still more severe penalties of our bankrupt law
enforced, while they have the power to prevent it 7
Some weeks ago the honorable member from
Pennsylvania moved for a committee to inquire
into the propriety of amending the Constitution, so
as to insert a provision giving Congress power to
restrain the circulation of small bank notes. I did
not concur in his measure, not thinking the Con-
stitution needed amendment in that respect; but his
argument was quite intelligible. He said this aboli-
tion of small bills could not now be accomplished,
because the States could not be brought to act in
concert; yet they might all be brought to consent
that Congress should establish a uniform rule upon
the subject. That was fair reasoning towards a
proper object. It went for uniformity on a point of
great commercial importance. But now is it here 7
We do not here propose uniformity; we do not re-
quire thatone rule may extend over all. Far other-
wise ; for we propose to authorize difference, disson-
ance, and confusion. Having the power to establish
uniformity, we delegate an authority to create va-
riety. Charged by the Constitution to establish one
rule, we ourselves, instead of performing that duty,
call upon others to establish different and varying
rules. All must see to what this leads, or rather
what this is; for it is a measure which would be
perfect in its beginning—it would reach its destiny
at its commencement—its mischievous tendencies
would be accomplished at its birth. The passage
of this bill would add the solemn sanction of Con-
gress to the sanction of the States to the suspension
of specie payments by the banks. That isthe practi-
cal sum and substance, the long and the short, of
the whole matter.
Sir, if our constitutional power enables us to em-
brace the banks in this bill, and if we see no insu-
perable or greatly formidable practical objections,
then I think we ought to include them, and to in-
clude them all, without any power of escape.
Suppose the bill should be made uniform, then,
and to include all banks: have we the power, andis
it expedient, to pass it in that shape"!
On the motion for a committee made some time
ago by the member from Pennsylvania, to which I
have already referred. I suggested the opinions
which I entertain on one branch of the power of
Congress connected with this subject. The consti-
tutional point now arising I do not mean to treat,
nor to decide: it is open to others, and will no doubt
be discussed by them. But upon the expediency or
propriety of including banks and other corporations
in this bill, I will say a few words. The State with
which I am connected can have as little objection
to include banks in the bankrupt bill as any other
State. Many persons in Massachusetts, quite re-
spectable and well informed, are in favor of the
measure. But it appears to me they have not well
considered the practical difficulties. Let us look at
what is proposed to be done.
There are eight hundred or a thousand State
banks, each with its charter conferring its rights,
prescribing its dutie-, and enjoining penalties.
They are banks of deposite, banks of discount, and
banks of circulation. It is now generally admitted
that they are lawfully created. Their legal exist-
ence is established. They comprise. I suppose, two
hundred millions of capital. Some of them are
founded entirely on private ownership, while in
some others the States creating them are proprie-
tors, and in some others again the States are sole
proprietors. Some of them have a right to suspend
for a limited time; others have not this right; the
charter of each being its own constitution.
Such being the general state of things, it is now
proposed to subject all these banks to the operation
of a bankrupt law; so that when they stop payment
for a day or an hour, their property and effects may
be seized for distribution among their creditors, and
their operations broken up. It is proposed to do
this, although the charters of the banks may ex-
pressly authorize them to do that very thing which
is an act of bankruptcy under this bill, and for
which their property is to be thus seized. Here is
certainly a direct collision between State authority
and the authority of the United States, which ought
to be avoided whenever it can be. The act of Con-
gress in this case would be made to repeal or annul
pro tanto the law of the State. I do not say that
this can in no case be done; but I say that all such
collisions ought to be avoided if possible.
It is proposed that Congress shall prescribe duties
to the banks not prescribed by their own charters;
and for the violation of those duties thus prescribed
by Congress, it is proposed to proceed against them
as bankrupts, to sequestrate their effects, and vir-
tually annul their franchises. If this can be done,
should it be done, without clear and cogent neces-
sity 7 Without wishing to represent the proposition
as extravagant, or speaking of it with disrespect, it
seems to me to be bold, if not rash, until a case of
absolute necessity is made out. What would be-
come of the bank stock in case of such seizure and
sequestration 7 What extent of depression and
fluctuation would attach to it, when such a law
should be passed 7 What would become of the en-
tire circulation of the country, if a general suspen-
sion should happen, and all the banks should be
thus seized? what would become of the country,
creditors, and debtors, and of all its business, ifa
general suspension should happen, and all the banks
should be placed in the hands of the Federal courts,
their paper entirely disgraced, and an immediate
collection of all their debts attempted to be enforced 7
What would become of some of the States who own
the banks, and of others who derive revenues from
them 7 And how could such immense affairs be
administered by the courts of the United States 7
Thesedimculties appear to me to be startling. If,
indeed, we were quite confident that such a provi-
sion would hereafter prevent all general suspen-
sions, we might venture upon the measure; we
might expect to be able to deal with here and there
an individual case. But this provision is not cer-
tain to prevent general suspension in great emer-
gencies or great commercial revolutions. Twice,
within a few years, the banks have suspended, not-
withstanding the penalties of their own charters,
and the laws of their own States. The real truth
is, that, in the absence of all regulation or control
by Congress, the banks have attempted, and do at-
