79S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 184<K
26th Cong*"*1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
tempt, regulation by their own concert of action.
They make a law for themselves.
A general suspension is the result of a general
concurrence, or of a general conviction of the ne-
cessity of suspension, on the part of all the banks,
or many of them. This has happened; and in the
present state of affairs may happen again, notwith-
standing a bankrupt law. In my opinion, indeed,
it is certain to happen, notwithstanding all the
bankrupt laws we can pass, until Congress shall do
its duty, by enacting prospective and preventive
remedies; and if it shoald happen, one of two
things must ensue—either Congress would be called
together to repeal the law; or an utter and dead stop
would take place in the payment of debts, in the
concerns of commerce, and, indeed, in all the bu-
siness of life.
In addition to the charters, it is to be remembered
that several of the States have provisions of their
own, founded on their own statutes, for proceeding
against failing banks. Such banks are put into
commission, or under sequestration, by the State
courts, and a judicial administration and settle-
ment of their affairs take place. Is our bankrupt
law expected to supersede these State bankrupt
laws! Are our courts to dispossess the State
courts'?
Sir, I will not pursue this subject further. I re-
peat, that in the part of the country to which I be-
long, I believe there is a pretty strong disposition to
include the banks in the bankrupt law. The peo-
ple in that quarter apprehend from it no danger to
themselves or their own institutions, and they wish
to see banks elsewhere coerced, by the most effectual
means, to resume and to maintain specie payments.
I need not say that they are among the greatest
sufferers by the present most ruinous state of things.
They pay, and others do not pay them. They can-
not long stand the present state of ihe currency; and,
like them, I am ready to take any practical mea-
sure, any thing short of convulsive shocks between
State authority and the authority of the United
States, to relieve it. But I confess that, for myself,
to say nothing of the constitutional points, I see for-
midable difficulties in subjecting State banks to for-
feiture and destruction by an act of bankruptcy.
At any rate, if the banks are to be dealt-with in
bankruptcy at all, their case would require, ob-
viously, very many peculiar provisions, and they
shoald constitute the subject of a bill by themselves.
Such a bill should be prospective; the commence-
ment of its operation deferred; the act of bank-
ruptcy more clearly determined; provisions made
to avoid, as far as possible, collision with Slate au-
thorities; and provisions also for superseding the
commission, on resumption of payment, or security
given. Various provisions of this kind, as it seems
to me, would be essentially necessary.
Leaving this very important part of the case, an-
other question arises upon the proposed amend-
ment. Shall the bankrupt act, in its application to
individuals, be voluntary only, or both voluntary
and compulsory 1 It is well known that I prefer it
should be both. I think all insolvent and failing
persons should have power to come in under its
provisions, and be voluntary bankrupts; and I
think, too, that, as to those who are strictly mer-
chants and traders, creditors OHght to have a right
to proceed against them, in the commission of the
usual acts of bankruptcy, and subject them to the
provisions of the act. But the committee think
otherwise. They find many objections to this from
many parts of the country, and especially from the
west. In a country so extensive, with a people so
various, with such different ideas and habits in re-
gard to punctuality in commercial dealings, great
opposition is anticipated to any measure so strict
and so penal as a coercive bankruptcy. I content
myself, therefore, with what I can get. I content
myself with the voluntary bankruptcy. I am free
to confess my leading object to be, to relieve those
who are at present bankrupts—hopeless bankrupts—
and who cannot be discharged or set free but by a
bankrupt act passed by Congress. 1 confess that
their case forms the great motive of my conduct.
It is their case which has created the general cry
for the measure. Not that their interest is opposed
to the interest of creditors; still less that it is oppo-
sed to the general good of the country. On the
contrary, I believe the interest of creditors would
be greatly benefited even by a system of voluntary
.providing relief for these unfortunate insolvents,
in a manner thus favorable to all interests, which I
feel urging me forward on this occasion.
And now, sir, whence does this duty arise,
which appears to me so pressing and imperative 1
How has it become so incumbent upon us 1 What
are the considerations, what the reasons, which
have so covered our tables with petitions from all
classes and all quarters, and which have loaded
the air with such loud and unanimous invocations
to Congress to pass a bankrupt law 1
Sir, let me remind you, in the first place, that
commercial as the country is, and having expe-
rienced, as it has done, and experiencing, as it now
does, great vicissitudes of trade and business,, it is
now almost forty years since any law has been in
force by which any honest man, failing in business,
could be effectually discharged from debt by sur-
rendering his property. The former bankrupt law
was repealed December 19¡ 1803. Prom that day
to this, the condition of an insolvent, however hon-
est and worthy, has been utterly hopeless, so far as
he depended on any mode of legal relief. This
state of things has arisen from the peculiar provi-
sions of the Constitution of the United States, and
from the omission by Congress to exercise this
branch of its constitutional power. By the Consti-
tution, the States are prohibited from passing laws
impairing the obligation of contracts. Bankrupt
laws impair the obligation of contracts, if they dis-
charge the bankrupt from his debts without pay-
ment. The States, therefore, cannot pass such
laws. The power, ihen, is taken away from the
States, and placed in our hands. It is true that it
has been decided that, in regard to contracts enter-
ed into after the passage of anv State bankrupt law,
between citizens of the State having such law, and
sued in the State courts, a State discharge may pre-
vail. So far, effect has been given to State laws. 1
have great respect, habitually, for judicial deci-
sions ; but it has, nevertheless, I must say, always
appeared tc me that the distinctions on which these
decisions are founded are slender, and that they
escape, without answering, the great political and
commercial objects intended to be secured by this
part of the Constitution. But these decisions,
whether right or wrong, afford no effectual relief.
The qualifications and limitations which I have
stated render them useless, as to the purpose of a
general discharge. So much of the concerns of
every man of business is with citizens of other
States than his own, and with foreigners, that the
partial extent to which the validity of State dis-
charges reaches is of little benefit.
The States, then, cannot pass effectual bankrupt
laws: that is, effectual for the discharge of the
debtor. There is no doubt that most, if not all of
the States would now pass such laws, if they had
the power; although theii legislation would be va-
rious, interfering, and full of all the evils which
the Constitution of the United States intended to
provide against. But they have not the power.
Congress, which has the power, does not exercise
it. This is the peculiarity of our condition. The
States would pass bankrupt laws, but they cannot;
we can, but we will not. And between this want
of power in the States, and want of will in Con-
gress, unfortunate insolvents are left to hopeless
bondage. There are probably one or two hundred
thousand debtors, honest, sober, and industrious,
who drag oui lives, useless to themselves, useless to
their families, and useless to their country, for no
reason but that they cannot be legally discharged
from debts in which misfortunes have involved
them, and which there is no possibility of their
ever paying. I repeat, again, that these cases have
now been accumulating for a whole generation.
It is true, they are not imprisoned; but there
may be, and there is, restraint and bondage outside
the walls of a jail, as well as in. Their power of
earning is in truth taken away, their faculty of use-
ful employment is paralyzed, and hope itself be-
comes extinguished. Creditors, generally, are not
inhumane or unkind; but there will be found some
who hold on, and the more a debtor struggles to
free himself, themore'they feel encouraged to hold
on. Their mode of reasoning is, that the more hon-
est the debtor may be, the more industrious, the
more disposed to struggle and bear up against bis
misfortunes, the greater the chance is, that in the
end, especially if the humanity of others shall
have led them to release him, their own debts may
be finally recovered.
Now, in this state of our constitutional powers
and duties, in this state of our laws, and with this
actually existing condition of so many insolvents
before hs, it is not too serious to ask every member
of the Senate to put it to his own conscience to say
whether we are not bound to exercise our constitu-
tional duty. Can we abstain from exercising it 1
The States give to their own laws all the effect
they can. This shows that they desire the power
to be exercised. Several States nave, in the most
solemn manner, made known their earnest wishes
to Congress, if we still refuse, what is to be done 1
Many of these insolvent persons are young men,
with young families. Like other men, they have
capacities both for action and for enjoyment. Are
we to stifle all these forever 1 Are we to suffer all
these persons, many of them every way meritorious
and respectable, to be pressed to the earth, forever,
by a load of hopeless debt 1 The existing diversi-
ties and contradictions of State laws on the subject
admirably illustrate the objects of this part of the
Constitution, as stated by Mr. Madison; and they
form that precise case for which the clause was in-
serted. The very evil intended to be provided
against is before lis, and around us, and pressing us
oñ all sides. How can we, how dare we, make a
perfect dead letter of this part of the Constitution,
which we have sworn to support 1 The insolvent
persons have not the power of locomotion. They
cannot travel from State to State. They are pris-
oners. To my certain knowledge, there are many
who cannot even come here, to the seat of the Gov-
ernment, to present their petitions to Congress, so
great is their fear that some creditor will dog their
heels, and arrest them in some intervenine State, or
in this District, in the hope that friends will appear
to save them, by payment of the debts, from impris-
onment. These are truths, not creditable to the
country; but they are truths. I am sorry for their
existence. Sir, there is one crime, quite too com-
mon, which the laws of man do not punish, but
which cannot escape the justice of God; and that
is, the arrest and confinement of a debtor, by his
creditor, with no motive on earth but the hope that
some friend, or some relative, perhaps almost as
poor as himself—his mother, it may be, or his sis-
ters, or his daughters—will give up all their own
little pittance, and make beggars of themselves, to
save him from the horrors of a loathsome jail.
Human retribution may not reach this guilt; hu-
man feeling may not penetrate the flinty neart that
perpetrates it; but an hou r is surely coming, with
more than human retribution on its wings, when
that flint shall be melted, either by the power of
penitence and grace, or in the fires of remorse.
Sir, I verily believe that the power of perpetuat-
ing debts against debtors, for no substantial good to
the creditor himself, and the power of imprison-
ment for debt, at least as it existed in this country
ten years ago, hare imposed moie restraint on per-
sonal liberty than the law of debtor and creditor
imposes in any other Christian and commercial
country. If any public good were attained, any
high political object answered, by such laws, there
might be some reason for counselling submission
and sufferance to individuals. But the result is
bad, every way. It is bad to the public and to the
country, which loses the efforts and the industry of
so many useful and capable citizens. It is bail to
creditors; because there is no security against pref-
erences, no principle of equality, and no encourage-
ment for honest, fair, and seasonable assignments
of effects. As to the debtor, however good his in-
tentions or earnest his endeavors, it subdues his
spirits, and degrades him in his own esteem; and
if he attempts any thing for the purpose of obtain-
ing food and clothing for his family, he is driven
to unworthy shifts and disguises, to the use of other
persons' names, to the adoption of the character of
agent, and various other contrivances to keep the
little earnings of the day from the reach of his
creditors. Fathers act in the name of their sons;
sons act in the name of their fathers; all constantly
exposed to the greatest temptation to misrepresent
facts and to evade the law, if creditors should strike.
All this is evil—unmixed evil. And what is it all
for ■? What good to any body 1 Who hkes it, who
wishes it 1 What class of creditors desires it? What
consideration of public good demands itl
Sir, we talk much, and talk warmly, of political
liberty, and well we may; for it is among the chief
of public blessings. But who can enjoy political
liberty if he is deprived, permanently, of personal
liberty, and the exercise of his own industry and
his own faculties ¡ To those unfortunate individu-
als, doomed to the everlasting bondage of debt,
what is it, that we have free institutions of Govern-
ment? What is it, that we have public and popular
