Ufe?, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
l9t
26th Cong....... 1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
assemblies'? Nay, to them, what is even this Con-
-titution itself, in its actual operation, and as we
"tüow administer that part of It which was intended
for cases like theirs 1 As we administer it, what is
its aspect to them, but an aspect of stern, implaca-
ble severity—an aspect of refusal, denial, and
frowning rebuke1? Nay, more than that, an aspect
not only of austerity and rebuke even, but, as they
most think it, of plain injustice also; since it will
not relieve them, nor suffer others to give them re-
lief. What love can they feel towards the Consti-
tution of their country, which has taken the power
of sinking off their bond from their own parental
State Governments, and yet, inexorable to all the
cries of justice and of mercy, holds it, unexercised,
in its own fast and unrelenting clench 1 They find
themselves bondsmen, because we will not execute
the commands of the Constitution; bondsmen to
debt which they cannot pay, and which all
know they cannot pay, and which takes away the
power of supporting themsel ves. Other slaves have
masters, charged with the duty of support and pro-
tection ; but their masters neither clothe, nor teed,
nor shelter—they only bind.
But, sir, the fault is not m-the Constitution. The
Constitution is beneficent as well as wise in all its
provisions on this subject; but the fault, I must be
allowed to say, is in us, who have suffered ourselves
quite too long to neglect the duty incumbent upon
ns. The time will come, sir, when we shall look
back and wonder at the long delay of this just and
salutary measure. We shall feel, as we now feel,
when we reflect on that progress of opinion which
has already done so much on another and a con-
nected subject—1 mean the abolition ol imprison-
ment for debt. What should we say at this day, if
it were proposed to re establish arrest and impris-
onment for debt, as it existed in most of the States
even so late as twenty years ago 1—1 mean lor debt
alone, for mere pure debt, without charge or sus-
picion of fraud or falsehood 1
Sir, it is about that length of time, I think, since
you, who now preside over our deliberations, began
here your efforts for the abolition of imprisonment
for debt; and a better work was never begun in the
Capitol. Ever remembered and ever honored be
that noble effort! You drew the attention of the
public to the question, whether, in a civilized and
Christian country, debt, incurred without fraud,
and remaining unpaid without fault, is a crime, and
a crime fit to be punished by denying to the offender
the enjoyment of the light of heaven, and shutting
him op within four walls. Your own good sense,
and that instinct of right feeling, which oí ten out-
runs sagacity, carried you at once to a result to
which others were more slowly brought, but to
which nearly all have at length been brought, by
reason, reflection, and argument. Your movement
led the way—it became an example, and has had
powerful effecton both sides of the Atlantic. Impris-
onment for meredebt, or even arrest and holding to
bail tor mere debt, no longer exists m England; and
former laws-on the subject have been greatly modi-
fied and mitigated, as we all know, in our States.
" Abolition of imprisonment for debt," your own
words in the title of your own bill, have become
the title of an act of Parliament.
Sir, I am glad of an occasion to pay you the
tribute of my own sincere respect for these your
labors in the cause of humanity and enlightened
policy. For these labors thousands of grateful
hearts have thanked vou; and other thousands of
hearts, not yet full of joy for the accomplishment of
their hopes—full rather at the present moment of
deep and distressing anxiety—have yet thepleasure
to know that your advice, your counsel, and your
influence, will all be given in favor of what is in-
tended for their relief, in the bill before us.
Mr. President, let us atone for the omissions of
the past, by a prompt and efficient discharge of pres-
eat doty. The demand for this measure is not
partial or local. It comes to us,-earnest and loud,
from all classes and all quarters. The time is come
when we most answer it to our own breasts, if we
suffer longer delay or postponement. High hopes,
high dnties, and high responsibilities concentrate
themselves on this measure and this moment. With
a power to pass a bankrupt law—that power
which no other Legislature in the country pos-
sesses—with a power of giving relief to many,
doing injustice to none, I again ask every man who
hears me, if he can content himself without an
honest attempt to exercise that power 1 We may
think it would be better to have left the power
with the States; but it was not left with the States;
they have it not, and we cannot give it to them. It
is in our hands, to be exercised by us, or to be for-
ever useless and lifeless. Under these circumstan-
ces, does not every man's heart tell him that he has
a duty to discharge 1 If the final vote shall be
given this day, and if that vote shall still leave
thousands of our fellow-citizens and their families
in hopeless and helpless distress, to everlasting sub-
jection to irredeemable debt, can we go to our beds
with ¡satisfied consciences 1 Can we lay our heads
upon our pillows, and, without sell-reproach, sup-
plicate the Almighty Mercy to forgive us our debts
even as we also forgive our debtors'? Sir, let us
meet the unanimous wishes of the country, and
proclaim relief to the unfortunate throughout all
the land. What should hinder 1 What should
stay our hands from this good work"? Creditors
do not oppose it; they apply for it; debtors solicit
it with importunity, earnestness, and anxiety not to
be described; the Constitution enjoins it; and all
the considerations of justice, policy, and propriety,
which are wrapped up in the phrase Public Duty,
demand it, as I think, and demand it loudly and
imperatively from our hands. Sir, let us gratify
the whole country, for once, with the joyous clang
of chains—joyous because heard falling from the
limbs of men. The wisest among those whom I
address can desire nothing more beneficial than
this measure, or more universally desired; and he
who is youngest may not expect to live long enough
to see a better opportunity of causing new pleasures
and a happiness long untasted to spring up in the
hearts of the poor and the humble. How many
husbands and fathers are looking with hopes which
hey cannot suppress,and yethardlydare tocherish,
for the result of this debate! How many wives
and mothers will pass sleepless and feverish nights,
until they know whether they and their families
shall be raised from poverty, despondency, and des-
pair, and restored again to the circles of industrious,
independent, and happy life!
Sir, let it be to the honor of Congress that, in
these days of political strife and controversy, we
have laid aside for once the sin that most easily
besets us, and, with unanimity of counsel and with
singleness of heart and of purpose, have accom-
plished for our country one measure of unques-
tionable good.
SPEECH OF Ma. TALLMADGE,
OP NEW TORK,   /
In Senate, May 22,1810.-V On tfe Bankrupt Bill.
Mr. Tallmadge said: I do not wish to protract
this debate; and as the sQvafal questions which
are presented for the consideration of the Senate
in the bill and amend men/before us have been
very ably and elaborately discussed, I shall content
myself with presenting a very few remarks on this
subject. I wish to act upon it promptly and efficien tly.
I desire the enactment of such a bankrupt law as
shall respond to the call of the country, and grant
relief to nonest, unfortunate men. That we have
authority to pass such a law, 1 do not doubt; and
that the welfare of the country demands it, all will
admit.
The prominent feature of a bankrupt law, and
the one that distinguishes it from all other laws, is,
that it cancels or dissolves the contract between
debtor and creditor, and leaves to the former the
uninterrupted enjoyment of his future acquisitions.
This is a high attribute of sovereignty, a great con-
servative power, and is necessarily inherent in all
Governments. It is the protecting, paternal power,
which, like the power to pardon offences against
the criminal laws, may be exercised by ihe supreme
power in a state, for the benefit of the whole people.
This power has been exercised in all civilized Gov-
ernments, and with the most beneficial and salutary
effects. It has been exercised by this Government;
and neither the power to pass such laws, nor the
expediency of them, has been questioned by the
people beyond this Chamber. Why, then, is it that
laws have not be enenacted, by which the child of
misfortune may be protected against persecution and
oppression 1 Your State Governments have done
much to meliorate the condition of the honest debt-
or; insolvent laws have been enacted, and laws
abolishing imprisonment for debt have been passed;
but still the debtor remains a bondman, without
the means of rendering himself useful to his
country or to society.
I apprehend, sir, that the great obstacle to the
enactment pf such laws may be found m th« foe't
that this branch of Congress is not so near to the
people as the Legislatures of the several States.
We are not so conversant with local wants and
exigencies, and are not so capable of appreciating
the peculiar necessity for the enactment ot laws that
relate immediately to the fortunes of individuals.
Be this as it may, Congress undoubtedly possesses
the power to grant the relief called for. It belongs
to that class of powers which mark the practical
wisdom displayed by the framers of the Constitu-
tion. It is a power which, when properly exercised,
will "promote intercourse between the several
States. It is one of those important powers which
were granted by the people of the States, in order
to form, in the concise and comprehensive language
of the preamble to our Constitution, " a more per-
fect union, establish justice, ensure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defence, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to themselves and their posterity." The
Constitution was intended to eonter more benefits
upon the people than could be secured without it.
It declares that "the citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizens in the seveial States." All subjects of
legislation that would yield a larger liberty, and as
much protection and happiness to the citizens, were
granted to the Federal Government by the sovereign
States that formed the Constitution.
In a Government like ours, no greater bond of
union can exist, than free and uninterrupted inter-
course between different sections of the country.
Heuce the incalculable benefits which have been
bestowed by the States upon this nation in the con-
struction of internal improvements, the extending
of canals and railroads into the great west, and the
rapid, cheap, and safe means of transporting per-
sons and property. This important tie between
the east and the west, the north and the south,
was duly estimated by Washington ; but it was re-
served to the genius of Clinton to give a practical
illustration of its advantages. I trust, sir, that the
States will continue to be guided by this illustrious
example, and persevere amidst all their embarrass-
ments, until every section of our country shall be
traversed by the railroad and locomotive.
Whilst we are encouraging intercourse between
different sections of the country, we must not be
unmindful that each of the several States has en-
acted laws to enforce the collection of debts, and
that the discharge of an honest unfortunate debtor
in one State does not protect him or his property
from seizure by the Federal courts on behalt of a
creditor in another State, or against the operation
of the laws of any other State whilst within its
jansdiction. To remove this great cause of dis-
satisfaction and jealousy, the States conferred upon
Congress the power to " establish uniform laws on
the subject of bankruptcy throughout the United
States." Nor did they stop here. They deemed it
important that they should not have the power to
interfere with the contracts of citizens, and, there-
fore, they divested themselves of all power over
the subject, by declaring that "no State shall pass
any law impairing the obligations of contracts."
Thus the States have not only conferred upon Con 
gress the right to pass uniform bankrupt laws, but
they have conferred upon it the exclusive power.
This attribute of sovereignty, therefore, has been
conveyed by the Slates to the General Government.
As Congress possesses the exclusive right to enact
bankrupt laws, and as this grant was made for the
benefit of the whole people, I hold that the power
and the duty to exercise it are correlative termr.
The omission to exercise this power strikes out of
existence this high attribute of sovereignty, and we
present to the world the strange anomaly of twenty-
six independent sovereignties which would but
cannot exercise this power, and a General Govern-
ment which should but will not exercise it.
The chairman of the committee has said that, as
we are bound to refer to British precedents for all
information on this subject, the power or right to
pass bankrupt laws must be controlled by the laws
existing in England at the time onr Constitution
was adopted. Sir, is this so t Are we bound by
laws that no longer bind the people of England,
and to whom we owe no allegiance 1 Surely this
is a construction which few will contend for. Are
we, the people of the United States, bound to obey,
as part of our own Constitution, the antiquated
laws and customs of England 1 No, sir. The fra-
mers of the Constitution intended no such thing.
They referred not to the existing laws in England
or the eolomes on this subject, but lo the power-*
