798
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th ConO""1«t Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
tie omnipotent power of the Government over it.
'• Congress shall have power to establish uniform
l#ws on the subject of bankruptcy." How has this
power been exercised in England"? Has it not
been the subject of continued legislation 1 At one
time the bankrupt law included all classes; after-
wards, it was restricted to traders; and again it was
extended to all persons. Thus the law has been
made to extend and contract, to meet the ever-vary-
ing opinions of the people. Laws which embrace
Toluntary and involuntary bankrupts have long
since been enacted; and the Government, for seve-
ral hundred years, has exercised this power with-
out restriction and without question. Neither the
people, the courts, nor the Parliament of Great
Britain, have doubted the power of Government to
enact any law in regard to the relation of debtor
and creditor.
This power, and to the extent it has been or can
be exercised in England, is possessed by every in-
dependent Government. The old Thirteen Colo-
nies, when they declared themselves free, sovereign,
and independent States, on the 4th of July, ITÍG,
became, tpso facto, severally invested with this
power, in as full and ample a manner as it was
possessed and could be exercised by the Parliament
of Great Britain. If, therefore, the Stale sovereign-
ties had entered into no compact, had formed no
Constitution, had granted no power to a General
Government, they would have possessed the same
power over the subject of bankruptcy, and could
have exerciied it in the same manner, that it can be
exercised in England. As the States possessed this
attribute of sovereignty, it was in their power to
convey it to any Government founded upon a grant
of powers by the States. This power is granted in
the Constitution; and its exercise is left to the dis-
cretion of Congress, with no restriction or limita-
tion, except that all laws in relation to it shall be
uniform throughout the United States. This re-
striction upon the discretion of Congress was the
very object for which the grant was made. Under
a number of State sovereignties, uniformity could
Bot be secured. Their laws would differ on this
subject, and thus " the citizens of each State could
not enjoy all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens in the several States," according to the true
intent of the people in " forming a more perfect
union," by the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States. We are now experiencing the wis-
dom of this grant in the want of harmony and uni-
formity on this subject amongst the several States.
By this view of the origin of this power, and the
object for which it was granted, it is evident that
the word " uniform" does not relate to classes of
citizens that may be included, but means to declare
that whatever class or classes of persons shall be
included in a bankrupt law, it shall be made to ope-
rate upon the same class in every State. In other
words, Congress shall not include one class in
Louisiana, and another class in New York, nor
make a law applicable to one State that does not af-
fect all. The meaning of the word uniform, is we}l
settled in the Constitution. " Congress shall have
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises; but all dnlies, imposts, and excises shall
be uniform throughout the United States." " Con-
gress shall have power to pass uniform laws of
naturalization." No one can mistake its meaning
or import in these cases. All that is required is,
that the same regulations on these subjects shall
prevail in all the States. But as I have designed,
throughout my remarks not to dwell on topics
which have been fully discussed by others, I will
dismiss this part of the subject with the single re-
mark—that, to my mind, no provision of the Consti-
tution is more explicit, and no language could
have more clearly conveyed the meaning of the
framers of that instrument, than that which is there
employed.
Having shown that the power conferred upon
Congress by the Constitution is unlimited, I now
proceed to inquire how it shall be exercised 1 and
what is the cause of the demand for the exercise of
this power 1
Sir, not many years since, this country presented
to the eye of the statesman and philanthropist cause
for congratulation in a scene of prosperity and
happiness unsurpassed at any time, or under any
Government. It was not confined to a narrow dis-
trict of country, nor to a privileged class of the
community. It spread over the whole length and
breadla of our land, and was diffused amongst, and
enjoyed by, the whole population. Manufactures
flourished; agriculture returned not only an abun-
dant harvest of the necessaries of life to the laborer
and husbandman, but a price commensurate with
his highest hopes. Trade and commerce yielded
to the industrious and intelligent merchant a rich
reward, and every department of the arts and
sciences felt the genial influences of universal
prosperity; industry, capacity, integrity, and intel-
ligence became capital; the man possessed of these
properties and qualifications was lifted to a level
with the wealthy; this species of capital became
the great leveller, or democratic principle by which
the power of wealth was placed upon a level with
character and credit. Under this state of general
prosperity, and the influence of these democratic
principles, great numbers were induced to engage
in trade, and incur large obligations, under the be-
lief that property would continue to be easily con-
verted into money, and that confidence in character
would continue throughout the land. All this pros-
perity, and their fond hopes, were doomed to meet
with a fatal and appalling overthrow. Suddenly,
as if a tornado had visited our land with its devas-
tating ravages, we find the hopes of the merchant,
the fond anticipations of the farmer, the prospects
of the manufacturer, and the dependence of the
laborer, overwhelmed and buried in one common
rum.
In the commercial and trading circles, doubt is
the forerunner of evil, and the destruction of pros-
perity. Loss of credit is loss of property, the
wreck of hope, and beginning of despair. Proper-
ty of all kinds loses a portion of its value when it
is deprived of its convertible character. Credit
alone, in this country, renders property saleable.
In proportion to the amount of confidence and in-
dustry, intelligence and activity, is the amount of
personal responsibility;   and this  constitutes  the
treat bulk of the credit of the country. When in-
ividual credit becomes impaired, a general cur-
tailment of business ensues. All wish to sell and
collect, and none to buy and pay. And thus the
very struggle that is produced brings about the re-
sult which all desire to avoid. In this trading and
commercial country, every man is directly or indi-
rectly connected in buying and selling; and busi-
ness operations become so multifarious and com-
plex, that the creditor is a debtor, and the debtor a
creditor; therefore, as soon as confidence is sha-
ken, and the means of transferring property ceases,
all become involved in one common ruin.
Let not the wise and prudent chide the unfortu-
nate with his overthrow. All are liable to acci-
dents which no human prudence or foresight can
avoid or prevent. The great fire that occurred in
the city of New York on the 16th day of December,
1835, destroyed more than twenty-five millions of
property, and inflicted an injury upon the institu-
tions and merchants of that city that years will not
obliterate. Who can contemplate the destruction
of stores and warehouses, covering forty acres, in
the most active business section of that great city,
filled with costly merchandise collected from every
country on the globe, and not feel that this misfor-
tune was too suddsn and overwhelming to come
within the ordinary rules of commercial prudence
or foresight 1 Beneath the burning and crumbling
walls of that great city lie buried the hopes of thou-
sands. So great and unprecedented was the cala-
mity, that the insurer and the insured met with one
common fate. And thus in this case, as in that of
the sudden depreciation of the value of property,
the creditor of yesterday becomes the debtor and
bankrupt of to-day, without prospect or hope of
being able to release himself from the vast load of
debt which these misfortunes have thrust upon him.
It is because of the overthrow and ruin of hun-
dreds of thousands of intelligent, industrious, and
honest men, that this cry comes up to you from this
broad land. It comes in tones and with a volume
that leaves no room to doubt the source from which
it emanates, or the depth of feeling and sympathy
which produces it. It comes from farmers and
manufacturers, merchants and traders, artisans
and laborers. It comes, sir, from your cities and
villages, from the grain-growing country on the
borders of the great lakes, and irom the cotton and
rice fields on the Gulf of Mexico. From the east
and west, the north and south, there comes but one
prayer: whether in the petition of your humble ci-
tizen, the memorial of your populous towns, or the
resolves of the Legislatures of the States we repre-
sent, all call upon us to release the honest, the un-
fortunate debtor; all appreciate his sufferings, and
desire to rescue him from the degradation and de-
spair into which he has been cast by occurrences 1
that he could not foresee, and over which he had
no control.
Sir, there can be no doubt as to the causes that
have produced this universal call upon Congress.
From the first memorial presented here, to the last
petitions that have been laid upon your table, but
one request has been made. I, sir, had the honor
of presenting the first memorial on this subject. It
was prepared and signed by Silas M. Stilwell, of
the city of New York. It set forth in a clear and
distinct manner the claims of the debtor for relief,
the benefit to the moral character of our country,
the great importance of this measure to the pros-
perity of trade and commerce, the evident advan-
tage to the creditor, and the useless and hopeless
condition of hundreds of thousands of unfortunate
men, their families and dependants, unless relieved
by an act of Congress. All this was presented and
illustrated with great ability, and concluded with
these emphatic words:
" Upon an application for a discharge under a
bankrupt law, the debtor should be required to es-
tablish his integrity, and make a conveyance of all
his property. When these two acts shall have been
done to the satisfaction of the proper tribunal, the
debtor should be forthwith discharged from all his
debts. If such a law, simple in its provisions, and
direct in its effects, shall receive the sanction of
Congress, the interest of society will be harmonized
and promoted, the unfortunate relieved and sus-
tained, and the laws respected and enforced."
This memorial was published in all the papers
of the city of New York, and different sections of
the Union, and with universal approbation, and
embodies the reasons upon which all the other pe-
titions are founded. This petition was ordered to
be printed, and is now upon the files of the Senate.
And now, Mr. President, whilst referring to this
memorial, I trust I shall be excused in taking this
occasion to do a simple act of justice to the gentle-
man whose name I have introduced. The honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts paid a merited
compliment to the Vice President of the United
States for an early.movement made by him in Con-
gress to abolish imprisonment for debt; and, al-
though his efforts were unsuccessful, he is entitled,
nevertheless, to the honorof being amongst the first
to move in this great work of reform. Examples
of this sort have led the way to the accomplishment
of much that has since been done to blot out this
feature of barbarism from our statute-books.
Amongst those who have been the pioneers in this
great undertaking, no name stands more conspic-
uous than that of Silas M. Stilwell—and to none
is greater honor due for unwearied exertions and
untiring perseverance in this great cause of philan-
thropy. To his talents and eminent exertions are
the State of New York and the country indebted for
the melioration of the condition of the debtors. He
is the father of the non-imprisonment act of the
State of New York; and although others co-operated
with him in this great work, yet to him is due the
honor of having procured the enactment of the first
lata that absolutely and unconditie, ^Jn abolished
imprisonment for debt. To accomplish this great
object was a work of no ordinary magnitude; and,
as I was also a member of Ihe Legislature, lean
bear witness to the thousand obstacles that were
overcome, and prejudices encountered, in bringing
the public mind to consent to this humane experi-
ment. For several subsequent sessions ineffectual
efforts were made to repeal the act. And, as an
evidence of the increasing opinion of the public in
favor of justice and humanity, I have the pleasure
of informing the Senate that, at the late session, the
Legislature of the State of New York abolished the
last vestige of this barbarism by repealing, by a unan-
imous vote of both Houses, the law which author-
ized the arrest of a non-resident del «at
The example of New York has hau a salutary
influence in many States, and upon the General
Government. It was the cause of the passage of a
bill that I had the honor of introducing here, to
prevent persons from being imprisoned in any State
upon process issuing out of the courts of the United
States, where, by the laws of such State, imprison-
ment for debt had been abolished. I trust, sir, this
inclination of the public mind in favor of the liberty
and rights of unfortunate men will increase until
equality in all the privileges of a free people shall
be established; and I am glad to find, as the Sena-
tor from North Carolina (Mr. Strange) has said,
that this is the effect of the democratic principle in
our legislation. Formerly, creditors alone were
represented ¡ their rights were guarded and amply
