r
IHtHHlUlHnn«U1Il!tl!m)",l",!5i!MllIl'i'( .
May, 1840,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79 
26th Cono.......1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
protected; but the unfortunate debtor seldom found
an advocate in legislative halls. Now, under our
system of government, his rights are recognised,
and the creditor has become convinced that the
freedom of the debtor will promote the happiness of
both, and advance the prosperity.of the public.
I think, sir, I have shown that the legislation de-
manded of us is for the relief of the unfortunate
debtor; and therefore I conclude that the bill intro-
duced by the majority of the Judiciary Committee,
which provides for the relief of voluntary bank-
rupts, is a direct response to the call of the country.
The honorable chairman objects tothis bill,because
it does not include involuntary bankrupts also; and
contends that this omission destroys its uniformity,
and renders it unconstitutional. I have already
inquired into the meaning of the word " uniform,"
and if my construction be correct, then there is none-
cessity for including these two classes in one bill.
Several weeks since, the Senator from Massachu-
setts and myself, at the request of the chairman oí
the Judiciary Committee, (Mr. Wall,) introduced
bills on this subject, including both voluntary and
involuntary bankruptcy. These bills were the
same in principle, but different in detail, and were
referred to the Judieiary Committee. A majority
of that committee, after mature consideration, have
reponed a bill which is applicable to voluntary
bankrupts only; and, sir, after examining the bill,
I have determined to give it my support, because I
believe it presents in a more acceptable form the
relief which the petitions call for. In the amend-
ments proposed by the chairman are included vol-
untary and involuntary bankrupts and corporations.
And it has been gravely urged that, unless these
provisions are included in the same bill, it will not
be constitutional. As there has been no argument
presented which proves that what is constitutional
in one bill would not be constitutional in two, I shall
not attempt to refute a proposition that is not sus-
tained by any known rule of construction.
I will now consider the necessity and expediency
of including any provisions in this bill relating to
compulsory bankruptcy. Between the remedies
proposed for cases of voluntary and involuntary
bankruptcy, by the amendment under consideration,
there is no resemblance in form or effect. One
proposes a means of relief for the honest, unfortu-
nate man, who will surrender his property for the
benefit of his creditors; whilst the other presents to
the creditor a new system by which to detect and
punish a fraudulent debtor. One is a civil, and the
other in the nature cf a criminal proceeding. One
is the voluntary act of the debtor, the other is a
compulsory proceeding on the part of the creditor.
Is there any necessary connexion between these
propositions t Should a measure of relief to mis-
fortune be coupled with provisions to punish fraud-
ulent debtors'? The chairman does not present an
objection to the subject-matter of the bill—to the
plain and simple plan of relief; but he seeks to at-
tach to it a variety of debateable questions, which
are foreign to the prayer of the petitioners, and dis-
connected with the principles of the bill. To amend,
by adding a distinct proposition, is a novel mode of
legislating. Is it not obnoxious to many objections
■which are generally raised against bills when the
union of subjects tends to multiply supporters 1 Is
it not equally unfair, if it operates to defeat ques-
tions otherwise unobjectionable % By such unneces-
sary amendments this bill may be defeated, although
a majority of the Senate may be in favor of it, or
provisions to which a majority are opposed may be-
come a law. Let us legislate on this subject as we
do upon all others. Let these distinct questions be
embodied in two bills, that each Senator may be
enabled to record his vote for or against them, with-
out being compelled to pursue a course inconsistent
with his wishes or revolting to his feelings. There
can be no serious objection to our granting relief to
the honest unfortunate man. He seeks these halls,
because his only hope lies here; we, and we alone,
can set him free.
Bat the chairman urges that we disregard the
rights of the creditor, and provide him with no
means to enforce his contract. Sir, does that Sena-
tor believe that creditors have embraced this oppor-
tunity to obtain additional laws to inflict new pains
and penalties upon debtors 1 And is this the rea-
son why Congress is pressed by petitions 1 Why
are your tables burdened with memorials from
thousands and hundreds of thousands of the citizens
of the several States'! Why do the State Legisla-
tures, by solemn resolves, duly certified under their
seal of state, and. transmitted here by their several
Governors, call upon Congress to establish uniform
laws of bankruptcy 1 Is it not because the Consti-
tution declares that " no State shall pass any law
impairing the obligation of contracts," and that
" Congress shall have power to establish uniform
laws on the subject of bankruptcy'!" Do they not
call upon Congress to do that, and that only, which
Congress alone can do 1 The States have not sur-
rendered the right to pass laws for the benefit of the
creditor. Their power is supreme. They have
enacted laws without number for the collection of
debts and enforcing the performance of contracts.
Is there any complaint that the laws are not suffi-
ciently severe? Are there not laws of every kind
and description, from the warrant of a justice of
the peace to the attachment in the court of chance-
ry 1 It is true these remedies vary in the several
States, but they are made to suit the peculiar situa-
tion of the communities in which they exist. The
wit of legislators has been exhausted in devising
means to extract every dollar from the debtor, and
cast him penniless upon the world. He is exam-
ined under oath, at the pleasure of the creditor,
with the pains and penalties of perjury before him,
for the purpose of discovering property which pro-
perly belongs to the creditors; and this proceeding,
which appears to leave nofurther roomfor improve-
ment, is what Lord Brougham calls " the perfection
of the law."
Sir, can any one suppose that farther remedies
are needed for the creditor 1 And is there a Sen-
ator here who believes that the State he represents
would call upon Congress to enact laws for the col-
lection of debts within Us borders 1 Can we believe
that the State Legislatures would call upon Con-
gress to do what they have the power to do, and
which they have heretofore done to the entire satis-
faction cf the people ? Sir, the Legislature by which
I was appointed, and which passed the resolution
upon your table, does not desire you to exercise that
power. No necessity for any additional laws for
the collection of debts is recognised; but the reso-
lution declares—
" That the Congress of the United States is im-
periously called upon, by the embarrassments which
have prostrated the business of the country, to exercise
that power conferred by the Constitution which au-
thorizes them to establish uniform laws on the sub-
ject of bankruptcies of natural persons throughout
the United States."
I have been unable to discover any necessity or
reason for the enactment of any laws for the collec-
tion of debts, where it is so manifest that neither
the States nor the people desire it. I was surprised
to hear the Senator from New Jersey intimate that
this bill would relieve the debtor to the injury of
the creditor, and that it would open the door to
fraud and perjury. Why, sir, does not the Senator
know that nis own bill contains all the provisions
that are embraced in the one reported by the ma-
jority of the committee, and is obnoxious to the same
objection'? But I deny that the creditor will be a
loser by this measure. Nay, sir, I contend that he
is deeply interested in procuring the release of the
debtor. " My own views on this subject cannot be
more clearly and cogently expressed than in the
language of the able memorial to which I have re-
ferred.
" The laws now in force on the subject of debtor
and creditor operate with painful severity upon the
honest and industrious debtor; and their effecttends
to discourage his honest exertions, and deprive him
of that energy and hope which alone can enable
him to retrieve his fallen fortunes.
"The law is searchingly severe to discover and
take from him, under the solemnity of an oath, all
the property he may possess of every kind and de-
scription; and, whatever may be the general im-
pression amongthe ill-informed, the legal profession
well know that the most adroit and cunning knaves
can scarcely conceal any property from the hands
of the officer. If one examination is not satisfactory,
his creditor may take years for inquiry, and con-
tinue to put him under oath, for the purpose of dis-
covering any property that may be secreted or con-
veyed for the purpose of defrauding his creditors.
This, however, does not satisfy the law and the
creditor. The debtor is still required to pay, while
the creditor will not allow him to accumulate capital
to transact business, nor permit him to borrow of
a friend and invest it in trade. " Honesly is not
the best policy" for him. A character for integrity
is worse than useless. For if he can point to a pure
and spotless life; if he can show that his integrity,
industry, and ability, in the various situations in
which he has been placed, have been unimpeachable,
his creditors will grasp their claims with more te-
nacity, under a belief that they can yet wring some-
thing from his hard earnings, or the sympathy of
friends or relatives. If, however, a debtor is re-
puted to be dishonest, dissipated, and generally dis-
solute in his habits, his creditor is always ready
and willing to compromise for his claim, and take
any thing he can get, under the belief that if he
does not take what is offered, he will obtain nothing
by holding the claim against one so destitute of
character and principle.
" Thus, under the operation of our laws, a char-
acter for honesty and integrity falls upon the poor
debtor like a blighting curse; and he has many
reasons to envy the good fortune of the knave,
whose character for dishonesty releases him from
bondage.
" The situation of aa honest debtor, under the
operation of our laws, can be of no service to any
person, and is severely injurious to the community.
After a debtor has surrendered his property, and
thus deprived himself of the means by which he
transacted business, what can he do if he still re-
mains subject to the claims of his creditors'? Sup-
pose him in the prime of life, with a family depen-
¡ dent upon him; a merchant by education, and emi-
i nently qualified for mercantile pursuits; in debt
many thousand dollars beyond all his means of
payment: how is he to proceed to acquire property 1
. He is prevented from engaging again in trade, be-
, cause every thing he may purchase will be subject
to the claims of his creditors; they will watch his
, movements with the Argus eyes of interest, and
each will be striving to pounce upon their victim
before others shall be apprized cf the value of the
discovery. The power of the Chancery Court is
invoked upon every suspicious appearance; and, if
the debtor is engaged in any pursuit in which
money is required, a bill is filed for the purpose of
again examiningthe debtor on oath, and introducing
other testimony, which may enable the creditor to
1 seize upon any property the debtor may have in
j his possession. This proceeding may be continued
during the debtor's life, and afterwards his children
and administrators annoyed in like manner. What,
then, can an honest debtor dol He is compelled to
abandon the business for which his education and
habits have fitted him, or submit to work for hire as
a clerk, and thus earn a pittance for the support of
his 'family, without a hope of bettering his condition.
If he does this, his creditors surely cannot be benefited
by it; and, if he does not, what else can his creditors
expect him to do, which shall enable him to liquidate
the debts which his misfortunes have thrust upon
him'? Do creditors propose any business 1 Do
they hold out any hope for themselves or their
debtor"? It is a very uncommon occurrence that
creditors devise any way by which a debtor can ob-
tain a living. They generally turn from the un!
fortunate man with no sympathy, but with a feeling
akin to anger, and are generally impressed with a
vague belief that they are more to be sympathized
with than he, although they may net be able to de-
tect any one act that is obnoxious to censure.
"Many debtors, after vain and fruitless efforts to
compromise and get released from their debts, be-
come disheartened and discouraged, and, by losing
all pride and spirit of ambition, contract idle and
dissolute habits, which terminate in an untimely
death, or in making them a burden to their friends
or the public.
" There are a large number, however, who, being
often thus driven from their pursuits, and feeling
the moral obligation to support and protect their
families, seek to obtain some petty office, by which
to procure a precarious and dependent living. To
so great an extent does the evil herein complained
of prevail, that, of the thousands who are seeking
to obtain the emoluments of office, more than three-
fifths, it is supposed, are forced to become applicants
because they have been unfortunate in business,
and are involved in debt to an extent that renders
payment entirely hopeless. When this fact is
properly appreciated, few will be surprised at the
great number of intelligent business men who are
not only willing, but desirous, to obtain the smallest
ministerial office in the gift of the appointing power.
And this state of things must continue to exist until
an unfortunate debtor shall be protected by the laws,
and permitted again to establish a credit, and sup-
port his family from the fruits of his industry.
" The laws compel a man to be dishonest. If he
would accumulate property, he must become a
knave or an idler; he must learn, to dissemble and.
