800
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
80th Cok ...—1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
cheat. He mast conceal his earnings under the
name of a child or a friend; and the more accom-
plished he shall prove himse'f in his new profes-
sion, the more he will secure for himself and his
family, to protect them against sickness and want.
" when he shall thus have obtained property, in
defiance of the laws, and m opposition to the wishes
of his creditor*, does any one suppose he will use the
property thus accumulated to pay his debts  i Did
ever a case at this kind occur 1 And w hy has it notl
Because he has found the law and his creditors his
worst enemies. They have made him a knave,
they compelled him to dissimulate, and he looks
upon those to whom he owes money as his greatest
enemies. It was in the power of his creditors to re-
lease him from bondage, and, by restoring him to
society and business, enable him to become service-
able to himself and his family. His creditors chose
to hold him in a degrading servitude, in which his
pride and ambition were broken, and his mind be-
came devoted \o devise means to evade the law, and
{irotect himself against those hé believed his unre-
entmg persecutor'.
" The annals of our country do not produce an
instance of a debtor having paid his debts by his
own eflorts, after having become insolvent to a
considerable amount, when his creditors have re-
fused to release him; and, on the contrary, hun-
dreds of casus can bé shown where debtors have
discharged all their debts, including principal and
interest, out of money they had accumulated in the
transaction of business, atter they had obtained a
legal release from their creditors. In the one case,
it is impossible for an honest debtor to obtain prop-
erty ; in the other, he has every motive for exertion.
"If a bankrupt law shall be enacted, which will
enable an honest man to obtain a discharge upon
the surrender of his property, what will be the ef-
fect opon the debtor, the creditor, and society 1
" The debtor will then feel that the laws have
made 'honesty the best policy;' that it he act hon-
estly in all his transactions, the law will protect his
rights, and release him from oppression; that be
need not seek to purchase the good-will of any
unprincipled individual because he happens to owe
him money; bu' that, if he adheres to his integri-
ty, bis misfortunes shall not be charged upon him
as a crime.
" Under a well-devised law, an honest man that
finds himself unable to pay his debts will immedi-
ately seek to surrender all his property, and render
an account of his losses; and upon surrender be-
ing made, and a satisfactory account rendered of
all his effects, and the causes of his insolvency, he
will be at once restored to credit and society. Thus
the interest of the debtor and his integrity both
stimulate him to do all that will elevate his char-
acter and render him a valuable member of so-
ciety.
" His creditors, instead of being his enemies,
and persecuting him, will, if they think he has act-
ed honestly, and is competent to transact business,
be anxious to afford him any ass.stance in their
power, and promote, as far as possible, his pros-
perity. They will readily discover that an honest
man will appreciate their kindness to him, and be
anxious to accumulate property to discharge those
equitable obligations which the man)' favors they
may have done him will have made more binding
than any strictly legal debt. He will be received
among his creditors without reproach, and the
misfortunes of an honest debtor, instead of making
him an outcast and a degraded man.willcall around
him a host of interested friends, who will be deeply
anxious to sustain his character and promote his
welfare."
There is a force of conclusion from this reason-
ing that should satisfy every creditor that hi« pros-
pects are much better after his debtor is released
under a bankrupt law, than whilst he continues in
bondage. But, sir, there arc questions of public
justice and policy which are connected with the
liberty of an unfortunate debtor that outweigh, in
my opinion, all other considerations
My next objection to the amendment is, that it
proposes to place the charters of the several íncor-
fjrated institutions of the States in the power of the
ederal Government The disastrous effect of a
bankrupt law when applied to manufacturing com-
panies has been fully portrayed by the Senator from
Rhode Island, (Mr. Dixon,) and 1 will therefore
confine my remark  to its effects upon the incorpor-
ated bank  in the several States. The power of
the States to incorporate and establish banking in-
1
stitutions has never been seriously questioned, here
or elsewhere. The States have exercised the
power, and the innumerable banks that are now
found in every section of the Union have been cre-
ated by them. Some are, in whole or in patt, the
property of the States in which they are located,
and exist at the pleasure of the authority that cre-
ated them. By the terms of their charters, they are
made subject to lixed rules and regulations, and for
any act of omission or commission inconsistent
with the laws which are prescribed for their gov-
ernment, they forfeit the privileges and immuni-
ties conferred upon them. They also authorize
them to do certain things at certain times that are
contrary to the general laws by which these institu-
tions are bound, and they preserve to them the
same rights and privileges as if those acts had not
b-en done. Thus, the State Legislatures cause the
acts of the banks to conform to the general interest
of the community.   Has the General Government
Eower to destroy these institutions'' Can Congress
y a law take from the States the supervision and
control over the creatures of their own creation—
institutions that are an emanation of their own sov-
ereignty'2 If they are legitimate subjects of a
bankrupt law, then Congress has the power to de-
stroy them at pleasure. It is not only the suspen-
sion of specie payments for fifteen days, as pre-
scribed in ihe amendment, that may subject them
to the operation of the penalties of the bankrupt
law. Congress may declare any act an act of bank-
ruptcy ; and it has already been suggested by the
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Strange) that
no bank should be permitted to issue more paper
than it has specie in its vaults. Any Senator who
is acquainted with the business of banking must
perceive that such a law would soon close the
doors of nearly every bank in the Union Indi-
viduals and States invest their money in these in-
stitutions for the purpose of obtaining a fair inter-
est. Although they are created for the accommo-
dation of the public, they are expected to yield a
fair and reasonable profit to the owners. Under this
restriction, we should soon have no paper money but
Treasury notes, and no bank of issue but the Treas-
ury. I do not say that such is the design of those
who support this proposition, but it is apparent
that this principle would authorize the Federal
Government to prescribe at its pleasure the acts
which shall constitute bankruptcy on the part of
these institutions, and thus bring them within its
power, and subject to its control
The Senator from Mississippi, (Mr. Walker,)
with his characteristic frankness, declared yester-
day that he wished to bring all the banks under the
operation of a bankrupt law, because he believed
them all bankrupt, and wished to wipe them all out
of existence, and free the country from the curse
of paper money If I misapprehended the Senator,
I shall be pleased to be corrected.
[Mr. Walker said the Senator had quoted hun
correctlv; he was opposed to all banks of issue,
and all paper money, and was in favor of an exclu-
sive metallic currency ]
I was sure, said Mr. T., I had not misunderstood
the Senator, because he has repeatedly staled the
same opinions, here and elsewhere. But, sir, the
reasons of the Senator, so far from inducing me to
wish to embrace the institutions of the States in
this bill, have caused me to enter my solemn pro-
test against it. I am in favor of a well-regulated
banking system, and opposed to an exclusive metal-
lic currency. My motto has always been " Pre
serve and regulate, but not destroy." I cannot, there-
fore, consent to destroy what we cannot create. I
am not willing to bring them under the power of
the Federal Government, by which they may be
swept out of existence without the consent of the
States that created them. To them is confided the
power to create; with them alone should be the
power to destroy. They have prescribed rules I y
which they " preserve and regulate," and they will
continue to do so. Those who doubt this proposi-
tion question the ability of the people for self gov-
ernment.
If there were no constitutional objections to this
course, is it expedient or proper to exercise it 1
Many States have permitted the banks, without for-
feiting their eharters, to continue business, although
they are unable to pay specie on demand. Are we
prepared to place the Federal Government in an
attitude of hostility to the States ? Can any Sena-
tor believe that the States will be content to see
their manufacturing and other corporations made
tubjtct to such rules and restrictions as we may
propose, without regard to the legislation of the
States i And has it come to this—that the control
of the States over their institutions will be resisted
by their repiesentatives here i Shall we, the crea-
tures of their will, undeitake to arraign their legis-
lation, and enact laws to counteract it 1 Is it right
to attempt to intercept the current of their legisla-
tion, and, by ' one tell swoop," destroy what they
are laboring to preserve1? Sir, I see no necessity
for this exercise of power we have already causes
of jealousy existing between the States and the
Federal Government, and I do not wish to see
them increased I claim to have a full share oí
moral courage, but I confess I am not bold enough
to enter voluntarily upon such an experiment as
this. It is the most monstrous assumption of fede-
ral power ever attempted.
We are told by some Senators that this regula-
tion will prevent a suspension of specie payments
bv the banks. But how can this be shown, and
what evidence is there to prove that such will be
the casei The State laws already work a. forfeiture
of the chailer of the banks for a failure to pay spe-
cie , but these penalties are insufficient to efiect the
object when the interest of the whole community
requires a suspension When such a crisis has ar-
rived, the State Legislatures have interposed, not
for the benefit of the banks, (for they are generally
creditors to a much greater amount than they are
debtors,) but to relieve the community, who are
debiors to the banks, and who cannot pay their
debts to these institutions in coin. No Legislature
legalizas a suspension of specie payments by the
banks This they cannot do, because the Constitu-
tion provides that gold and silver com alow shall
be a legal tender in payment of debts. The legal
remedies remain the same for both debtor and cred-
itor, and the Legislature only provides that the bank
may continue business without forfeiting its char-
ter. The courts are continued open to the creditor,
and he can compel the bank to pay specie, without
any regard to the ac of the Legislature. There is,
therefore, no suspension of specie payments, ex-
cept that payment is not promptly made. If the
charter of the institution should be forfeited by its
inability to procure specie to meet its demands, it
is evident it must call on its debtors to pay, without
the power to lend; and thus, whilst the demand for
payments from the people would increase, the abili-
ty to pay would diminish. A bankrupt law in such
a case would be to the banks and the people the bed
of Procrustes. It would be unyielding, and the
victims would be stretched or mutilated to fit us
iron frame. Had such a law existed in May, 1837,
it could not have prevented a general suspension.
That event was produced by the peculiar state of
the country, and the terrois of a bankrupt law
would have produced no beneficial effect. What
would have been the consequences upon the inter-
ests of individuals, had such a law existed? The
banking institutions throughout the Union would
have been placed in the hands and under the coo^
trol of the federal courts. Assignees would have
taken an account of their assets, and the debts due
them placed in the hand  of attorneys for collec-
tion. Can you imagine, sir, the state of the coun-
try, if two hundred millions of the notes of these
institutions had been withdrawn from circulation,
and the whole of their assets, amounting to some
six hundred millions, placed in the hands of offi*
cers for collection 1 The consequences cannot be
described or imagined Sir, a tornado that would
have laid desolate whole States, or an earthquake
which should have opened its ponderous jaws and
swallowed up whole hecatombs of victims, could
hardly have produced such ruin and dismay. This
great calamity was averted by the timely interposi-
tion of the State Legislatures. And who questions
the propriety of such intervention t No one, cer-
tainly, who entertains any respect for the intelli-
gence of the people. This measure, therefore, can
work no possible good, but may produce a tram of
evils which may afflict the country for centuries to
come.
Again the most prominent and distinguishing
features of a bankrupt law do not, and cannot,4^>piy
to corporations I have «hown that the people and
the States apply to Congress, beeause the States
have divested themselves of the power to relieve
debtors from their contracts, and conferred it upon
the Federal Government. Corporations do not
seek to be discharged from their debts, and require
no exemption from imprisonment. They cannot
travel from one State to another, and, therefore,
•onflicting State legislation does not affect them,
