804
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th Cono*•••1st Ssss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
law threogh all the dynasties of power, down to the
6 h'of George IV. At the time this power was
conferred by the Constitution, Oiher nations than
Great Bntain had bankrupt laws, though not all
after the same model, but varying according to
circumstances. Those were, doubtless, within the
knov, ledge of the delegates of the convention, and,
for aoght that appear?, were referred to, if refer-
ence was necessary, for either precedent or princi-
ple in deciding ihe point before ihem.
But that delegation of power contemplated the
establishment of such laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcies as would in future be required in the pro-
gress of this country for the relief of insolvent
debtors here, and in such manner as would best
comport with the necessities and merits of the in-
solvent, the course of business, the situation, and
policy of the country. The convention might have
delegated other powers for the establishment ef
uniform laws on oiher subject1? than bankruptcies.
Suppose it had conferred on Congress the power of
establishing uniform settlement laws throughout
the United S ates, could it be said that the settle-
ment laws of England, at that time, would afford
any controlling standard for settlement laws for
this country? Suppose there had been in that con-
venticn some düegae who fondly cherished the
idea of permanent property in wild beast?; yes, sir,
some venerable Nnnrod, who had proposed to con-
fer on Congress the power of establishing uniform
game laws throughout the United States, and that
provision had been sanctioned, would it follow as
a matter of course that, if any such laws were to
be enacted here, they must be made conformable to
the game laws of Er gland at that time, and that
they must embrace exactly the sam  species of
game? No, sir. And, besides, our parks, forests,
and manors wou'd be found so unlike these of
England, as to require d fferent provisions. And
it might be thought humane, at least, to mitigate
the severity of penalties for the punishment of
those game laws of offenders denomina'ed in the
English law poachers. And for the same reason
that other laws are to be adapted to our condition,
Congress is at liberty to pas ¡just suah uniform
bankrupt laws as the exigencies of ourconntry may
require, extending them to all persons whose bro-
ken fortunes may involve the exercise of this great
principle of hnmani'y.
Bat, sir, why has not this power been more fre-
quently exercised? One reason is: those mistaken
analogies which have bren so of en run between
the bankrupt laws of England and there which
Congress is authorized to establish here, are cal-
culated to produce strong aversion to the power
itself. Hence this jealousy which a reference to
the bankrupt laws of England has always awa-
kened, and which first manifested itself in the Con-
vention that formed the Constitution. Roger Sher-
man, a distinguished delegate from Connecticut,
objected to this delegation of power. He observed
that bankruptcies were in some cases punished with
death in Eagland, and he did not choose to grant a
power by which that might be doae here. But
Qcuverneur Morris, another distinguished dele-
gate from the State of Pennsylvania, observed that,
extensive and delicate as the subject was, he would
agree to it, because he saw no danger of its being
abased by the Legislature of the United States.
The power was conferred; one vote only against it,
and that given by the delegate in behalf of Con-
necticut. If Roger Sherman could entertain those
prejudices against this power, it is not strange that
other minds should entertain them, and be equally
influenced by them. Thus most of the objections
that could be found or imagined against the Eng-
lish system have been infused into the idea of a
bankrupt law for this country. Even the honora-
ble chairman of the committee, [Mr. Wall,] with
all his learning and experience, finds it difficult so
to abstract bimrelf from the British system as not to
feel obliged to urge upon the consideration of
others the bankrupt laws of England, as they ex-
isted at the formation of the Constitution, in evi-
dence of what was msant and intended by the
power delegated in that Constitution. Whereas
the only analogy is in the name, except that it was
intended here, as well as m England, that bank.
ruptcy should be a title of property, by which
property might be transferred by operation of law.
The limited intercourse between the S ates for
years after the adoption of the Constitution was
calculated to foster local feelings and views, and it
would be among the natural suggestions of S ate
jealousy that the exTcise of this power (however
desirable in some States, and especially with those
the most commercial) might be prejudicial to
others. Besides, the country was rather agricultu-
ral than commercial in its pursuits bearing rela-
tions of life not the most likely to awaken strong
and active sympathies in favor of the insolvent
debtor.
This consideration na'urally secured a prefer-
ence for State insolvent laws, corresponding better,
as might be thought, with the local concerns of the
day. But the relations of business in this country
(when not disturbed) are greatly changed and en-
larged. The modern facilities of intercourse have
brought all the States together into a common mar-
ket. The North and South. ara in the constant
interchange of their products and merchandise.
This is calculated to give national uniformity to the
rules of trade, and induces the necessity of uni-
formity in the treatment of the relation of debtor
and creditor, and more especially when imperious
necessity invokes interference with its existing ob i-
gations between individuals. Bat a still strouger
reason is to be found in the experiment of a bank-
rupt law in 1800. That law, although it may have
been enacted with gieat care, was not well adapted
in its provisions for the commencement of the ex-
periment. It was too complicated in its details,
and too expensive in lis operations. Before it
could be well understood and brought into prece-
cal utility, many frauds were committed upon it,
ana it became unpopular. This afforded its ene-
mies a triumph, and the law was repealed before.a
fair experiment was made. All the evils of the syf-tem
were developed before its benefits could be realized
Like all new system*, its first operations serv-
ed but to expose its imperfections. Had that law
embraced nothing but the single principle of vo-
luntary bankruptcy—been more simple in its pro-
visions, and improved by legislative action, as its
defects were discovered, the country would now
have been blessed w.th all the benefits which its
friends ever anticipated. Another reason, sir, why
this power has been so sparingly exercised by Con-
gress was well suggested by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina (Mr. Strang ) yesterday,
that a bankrupt law w generally considered a pro-
vision in favor of the debtor against the creditor;
and as debtors are generally the poor, and creditors
the rich, the latter are more fully represented than
the former, and of course have a preponderating
inflaence. Legislation is always slow when its
march is against the current of popular influence.
Bat those reasons have many of them lost their
force. The insolvent laws of the respective States
are found to be inadequate to the relief required,
and, if we are to judge from what we hear from
every section of the country, and from every class
of its citizens, we may suppose that the time will
soon come when that dormant power in the Con-
stitution will be roused to ac ion. Continue the
present pecuniary distress, and there will soon be
a uniform sentiment in favor of a uniform system
o( its bankruptcy. Uniform pressure and distress
throughout the country have, in some degree, ever-
ruled local objections and invidious feelings among
different classes, and have invoked at last the only
remedial power. Moved by this invocation, the
Committee on the Judiciary have reported a bill,
which is now before us.
That bill provides for the two great objects of a
bankrupt system, as I understand it, in this coun-
try. 1st. The surrender of the insolvent debtor's
property, to be divided among his creditors; and
2d. The discharge from all his debts due to those
creditors. This bill is for voluntary bankruptcy
only. It is plain in its principles and simple in
its- details, and to be administered in a cheap and
speedy manner. To this bill there is an amend-
meet offered by the minority of the committee, by
which amendment another bill, containing differ-
ent principles, is proposed to be substituted.   To
that substitute I am opposed. 1 object to two ol
its prominent feamres.
1st. To the prmcip'e of compulsory bankruptcy,
wh>ch it contains.
21ly. To the principle which embraces corpora-
tions.
The principle of compulsory bankruptcy is not
called for by the voice of the people, either the rich
or poor, which has been so generally and so loudly
expressed on this subject. It is not required in this
country for the protection of the creditor. He has
his remedy, to all inten's and purpose*, by civil
process, for the collec inn of his debts. It is with-
in the province of the State Governments so to ex-
tend that process, and provide such remedies at
pleasure, as to subserve aH the purposes of collec-
tion, and afford to the creditor a cheaper as well
as a more summary and a more certain system of
collection than can be affordtd by any bankrupt
law. Yes, Mr. President, ti e creditor can in this
way reach the la^t dollar of his debtor. He can
strip him of all his property and turn him naked
upon tV>e world. What more does he want?
Bankrupt law«, I repeat, Mr President, are neces-
sary for the debtor only, by which he may be ena-
bled honestly to surrender his property to his credi-
tors, and take his discharge. This can only be ef-
fected through the medium of a bankrupt law. An
arrangement may sometimes be brought about by
compromise between debtor and creditor, and I
have found in mo^t cases lhat creditor , especially
those of commercial pursuits, are favorably dis-
posed to compromise I: all creditors w ere actu-
ated by the same liberal and prudential motives,
there would be no neoemty for a bankrupt law.
But, sir, it does so happen, that in many, if not in
most of those cases, there is some one of more stern
and inexorable spirit of exaction—some Shylock
who will exact the bond—who will innst, not only
on «he flesh, but on the blood. For the«e reasans,
without a bankrupt law, the miolvent debtor c*n
effect no composition, and, instead of distributing
his property and taking his discharge, must hold on,
consume what he has, or starve, and the creditor
thus loses his debt.
But, sir, this compulsory principle in the bill is
peculiarly objectionable at the present time of mone-
tary distress. While it might have the semblance
of conferring rights on creditors, it would expose to
the process of bankruptcy thousands of our solvent
business men, and even some of the wealthy. Con-
sider for a moment its operation on that class which
the bill denominates "merchantt," or those actually
using the trade of merchandise, or seeking tneir
living by buying and selling, etc. owing $ ;
and consider what may be their fate upon the hap-
pening of any ot those equivocal acts which the bill
sets down as acts of bankruptcy, and which jealousy
or malice, by false construction, may bring within
the law. This class of the trading community are
not peculiar to any section of the country. They
are found in the North and in the South, in the
East and in the West. Some hive large amounts
in goods on hand, on which ihcy have made large
advancements, to sustain the operations of the ma-
nufacturer. Some have advanced largely on the
great staples of the country, to <ave the producing
classes from suspension of iheir labors. Are those
men to be thus exposed to commissions of bank-
ruptcy? No, sir; let them alone, and they will pay
their debts. But, for the present, they are deprived
of their ordinary means—they are straitened and
embarrassed. Yes, sir, many of them are on the
brink of ruin, and the ¡east jostle from a bankrupt
law might plunge ihem down the precpice. Per-
haps this compulsory principle m the bill might not
be exerted against that class which I have alluded
to, and the best hope derivable from that conside-
ration, is the infrequency of its use, even where it is
provided for in the English bankrupt laws. It has,
I admit, in a great degree, goae into disuse. It
may be retained in all the bankrupt laws in the
world, for aught I know. It is rarely used, how-
ever, but at the instance of the debtor, except in
some few cases, where extreme jealousy or malig-
nant feeling prompts the creditor to action. Hence
we s e that this principle may very well be dis-
pensed with.
Allow me now, Mr. President, to call the aiten*
