r
May, 1840.___________
gfrrH Cong-... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ños
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
lion of the Sánate to the second and still more ob-
jectionable provision—I mean that of including
corporations in ths bill—a provision so impractica-
ble and absurd, when viewed in this connection,
that I should think it required only to be men-
tioned to be rejected.   If it involves a necessary
principle of a bankiupt law, I should like to see its
details fully carried ou .   Its provisions in the pre-
sent bill only lead to difficulties, without remedying
them.   It provides for the seizure of corporation
property, without prescribing rules for its seques-
tration, or winding up the concerns of the corpora-
tion.   It provides for no security or disposition of
the surplus that may remain after paying off the
debts of  the  corporation.    Yet,  it  cannot  be
doubted that many, and probably nearly all that
Bar be made'liable to this bankrupt process will be
found solvent; many of th°m with large surplus
balances, although they may not be able to pay all
their debts in the short space of fifteen days, as
required by this oill.   Yes Mr. President, millions
oa million would go into the hands of assignees
beyond the amount of their liabilities.   What se
canty is provided for this property?    I answer,
none; and it would be difficult to provide adequate
security.   The creditor or creditor* having debts to
the amount of $509, when they commence this
bankrupt prajes , give a bond, but what is the ob-
ject of that bond?   The petitioner, at the lime of
presenting the petition, is to deliver to the court a
bond, with surety,  to the c ^rporatton, in such pe-
nalty as the court shall rcqu le, conditioned to pro-
secute said bankiupt proceelings to effect, to es-
tablish the debt or debts due to lie crediditnrs, and
the act of bankruptcy charged against the bankiupt,
according to the provisions of the ac*.    These two
conditions are all  the bond rela'ss to.   The debts
may be easily proveJ, and then, to save the  pe-
nalty of  the bjnd, cnl ' one thing mire  is to   be
proved, and ihat i«, that the corporation has sus-
pended or sopped payment for the space of fifteen
days, and that will, doubile-s, be matter of noto-
riety: for, I  avk, wh\t manufacturing corporation
Ihroughoat the whole coantry has not already been
guilty of that delinquency; and what one will have
exemption from it in future?   I refer more particu-
larly to manufacturing corporations, because ihey,
more than other-, have falen  under my own ob-
servation; and yet I  know  the corporators to  be
composed of our .most wealthy and substantial
inhabitants, rich  in every thing but money, wnh
large stocks of g~>?ds on hand, which have accu-
mulated from mere want of a market, and hence
ta<s want of money.
Now, sir, by this bill, if one of their five hun-
dred dollar notes lies over at bank fifteen days, or
one of their debts of that amount is presen'ed, and
not paid within the same time, they are at ones to
be declared bankrupt, and s'ripped of all their pro-
perty. What laree manu'acturing corporation, I
ask, caS be found in this whole country that would
not fall under th<; condemaa ion? Let it not be
said that there wi 1 be a general forbearance—'hat
those violations of puncua'ity will be overlooked—
and that an ir.dulgentspirit wi>l prevent any rigid ap-
plication of the !a v. Ii s>o, there is no necessity for the
provision that can. jus ify ths experiment. Credi-
tors are generally anxious to gather in tkeir debt*,
and more particularly ?o when it seems most diffi-
cult f?r their debtors to ray: they would sue of-
tener, were it not for thf expense and the delays of
the law. Bat this would be to cedirrs a very
cbesp, and apparently very speedy remedy; r.nd it
would be used. This w. cl I destroy what little of
confidence yet remains. Every man having a r'ebt
against a corpora'ion' would crowd for payment,
before its whole efler.'s were swept in!o th,e vortex
which this bill provides fcr. Of course, every cor-
p ration, to avoid that peril, would have either to
break up, and resort 10 such expedients as they
might deem their own safety to require, or suffer
themselves to be broken up by the operation of the
law, and, in the latter event, let us fee what would
be the Situation of ihe country about them. Five
hundred dollar debts would be presented to corpo
rations, and fifteen days' default of payment would
follow, which would end in exposure to a commis-
sion of bankruptcy—a commission that would
sweep all their effects into the hands of assignees,
and of course there would be an end of all the in-
corporated manufacturing establishments of the
country; for it i* not to be expected that assignees
would carry on those works. I am aware, sir,
that the manufacturing establishments are not a'l
incorporated, and of course would not all be sub-
jected to this law. But there are so many of them
incorporated, and with such amount of capital, that
the effect which this law would have upon manu-
facturing establishments may be spoken of in ge-
neral terms. Besides, the unincorporated establish-
ments are mostly owned by that class of citizens
who may be declared bankrupts under the com-
pulsory principle of this-bill.
But pass this bill including corporations, what
would be its immediate effects on trade in their vi-
cinity? Who could sell domestic goods, or any
other property belonging to corporations? The ge-
neral belief that all the effects of corporations
would soon be under the hammer would prevent
private sales; all would be in reserve for the occa-
sions that would present bargains at public auc-
tions, and those public auctions would come. Yes,
sir, they would come. What splendid advertise-
ment  you would see posted up in all public places
through the country, signed by assignees, and of-
fering for sale domestic goods of all kinds—machi-
nery, new and old, with preparations and fixtures—
mills, dams and canals, with steam power, hy-
d'anlic power, et cetera.' But, after all, who would
be the competitors at those auction ? The with-
drawal of the currency has left penniless that class
of traders who watch those money making oppor-
tunities. Hard money can scarcely subserve the
purposes of daily marketing, credit is out of the
question, andp per money will soon be no more,
for the banks are to be struck down by the same
blow. It would have been at 'east kind, and, I
think, judicious, to have spared the br.nks for the
present, and disposed of other corpora'ions first,
so that there might be bank bills, poor as they are,
to purchase the manufacturing establishments
with. No, sir, our own citizens would not be able
to compete at irnse sales, although prices might be
little more than nominal. Foreigners m'ght buy
in, and largely two, for theie te yet money in Eu-
rope; and those foreigners, after purchasing, might
run those establishments, or destroy them,as would
best subserve thiir purposes, in furnish'ng us with
goods. Th:s investment of foreign capital, how-
ever, might cut off one source of our troubles. It
might supersede the necessity of that perplexing ex-
ercise of legislation—the revision of the tariff of
duties.
But, sir, the banks! The banks could not be
overlooked in forming this bankrupt bill: and in
the fulfilment of its provisions, not one of them,
from Maine to Georgia, will be able to stand against
its destroying operations. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts (Mr. Webster,) from his re-
cent remarks here, seems not so much alarmed on
account c f the banks in hit own State, as for others.
Now, 1 entertain no: the least doubt of their sound-
ness and their strength. But, sir, let not those
banks console themselves in their own ftiength; it
will aff rd them no safety. Nothing is so string
but it may be broken. I doubt not but most ol the
ban to thioughout the country are solvent. But
their customers are embarrassed under the general
derangement of business, and cannot pay them,
and of course they cannot pay all their debts and
red?em all tb-sir bills within the limited lime pre-
scribed by this bill. Th«y will be called upon, and
a rigid execution of the law will level them, and
equalize, without improving, the currency. Can
any man suppose they will not be called upon? If
you had, sir, thebil's of any bank, even of Massa-
chusetts, upon the passing of this law, would you
not send those bills to the bank, or, through some
agent, put them on ih ir passage home, fearing that
something m-ght happen to that institution? And
would not all holders of bank bills do the same?
Would not ihis law destroy confidence? And what
is there to keep bills in circulation af'er confident 
is destroyed? Nothing, sir; and it is a waste of
words to say that they would not be sent home.
Now, where is the bank in business that has not
mare bills in circulation, and many more, than
specie in its vault ?   How are they to redeem?
Bills and drafts on other banks would not be ac-
ceptable, and calling on their customers for pay-
ment would be an unavailing requisition. All the
banks which have now suspended specie payments
would certainly fall under the penalties of this bill:
for none can suppose they could resume in fifteen
days after the law should go into operation. And
what follows? $500 of their debts are presented.
They are held to stiict compliance; for they do not
seem to be the objects of grrce, or even of com-
mon charity. All they can hope for is the protec-
tion of the law. Hence you wi'l see all the effects
of banks that do not pay their debts in the short
period of fifteen days, in the bands of assignees;
and what will ihose effects amount to, over and
above their ltabilitiei? I answer, millions on mil-
lions. And what is to be done with all that amount
of property? fur I have already shown that there is
no security to be provided for it. All goes into the
hand  of irresponsible assignees. No provision for
the return of surplus; and it might be somewhat
difficult io determine to whom the reversionary in-
terest might pertain. The banks having departed
their artificial life intes'ate, and without heirs,
would it escheat acccrc'i'.g to any of the rules of
the feudal law, or would i' abide with theas-signees?
'! If the latter, it would in some cases be a most ea-
, ticing perquisite of oflice.
I I do not contend, Mr. Presidrnt, that banks, or
any other corporaii ps, ousht to be held beyond
the reach of law?. I m?an, only, that they should
be amenable to such, and such only, as are appli-
cable to their niiuri an-l coasi.trncj; that they
should be 'eft to the le->i>-laiive action and judicial
decisions of the Goveriirm nN ¡hat incorporate them
—left in the hands of th'ir cievtos—to be dealt
with by the powers thatsu^uia tnem, and held to
those rules of action prescribed to ihem in their
charters. Are they not <o governed .n the respec-
tive States by those who are their cons'itu'ional su-
pervisors? Can they re-ist ihe sovereign will,
when constitutionally exer. ited, of the States that
have founded them? Have not the 'states, In the
first place, the right te incorporait. them? Have
they not the wisdom to discern, and the power to
remedy any evils resulting from the exercise of
that policy? Those corporatnns must pay thtir
debts and perform their oth'r contracts according
to the notions of good faith whtch thos-State sove-
reignties entertain and act upon. Their effects
are liable to civil process in pavment <f their debts.
Toe banlts are vi?ited and controlled by commis-
sioners, in most of ths State-, sppo.nted for that
purpose. Their concerns aie reached by the
searching opera'ions of courts of chancery. In-
junctions may &'.op their proceding?; receivers
may be appointed to take charge if their effecs,
and, if necessary, finally to dispose of and wind
Ihem op. AH this isdoneu*der the sanction cf
the power that made them, and with the greatest
tenderness and cate for the preservation of that
franchise which is the life of the i orp;>ra'ion. The
very power that sanctions the putting corporations
into commission takes care 'o preserve life, and,
when expirin?, can resasti ate trem. JS'o doubt
but the State Legislatures can make laws for cor-
porations which they may denominate bankrupt
laws, if they choose to do i'; lut those laws must
apply to corporations alos*-, with ut connecting
the«a with other subjects cf an en'iiely different
character. But it dies not follow thit Congress
has that power over thesj State corporations.
Such exercise of power wi ukl be a direct encroach-
ment on Sta'e rights, and the States would not sub-
mit to it. They would not tamely surrender this
exercise of prerrgative to Congress, or !iwn*fer
such an amount of business from the State to the
Federal Judciary.
Again, sir, who ever heard of mcludinj  corpo-
rations with merchants and traders in a bankrupt
law? It has been talked of, but never don ; and
if that proves any ihirg, it p*oves that talking about
it is all that can be done with it. How fanciful
the idea of connec'iog them with natural persons,
because they are artificial persons! Why not in-
clude any thing else that may be artificially per-
sonified? The object of this delegation of power
in the Constitution was to establish bankrupt laws
for persons whose insolvency indnced failure of
