Mar. 1840.     ________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________             _____807
86th Comq...*1st Sbss._____________________Treasury Notes—Mr. King.                                                    H. of Reps.
stead."   Does not every one know there will be a material de-  I
nciency in the revenue'   And does not tho Secretary acknow-   i
ledge that he has no moans, temporary or permanent, to meet
the expenses of Government, and pay the Treasury notes now
In circulation?
How can it then be contended that this is a temporary mea-
sure, and only intended to meet a present and pressing emer-
¡rency1  The ¡Secretary complains piteously of the "dangerous
liability in law to have the whole of the outstanding Treasury
notes paid in atany moment for public duos.'' Very dangerous
and inconvenient, doubtless, to be liable in law to pay these
notes, to pay the deb  of the Government, in any thing but by
giving new notes ior old ones.   This, then, is the system which
the Secretary's great financial skill has enabled him to recom-
mend to Congress.   It has been i.i operation new three years,
«od I hesitate not to say is to become the permanent policy of
this Administration.   The Secretary recommends no measure   ,
by which the Treasury may be supplied with means to pay   I
these notes.   They will be reissued on the credit of the Govern-
ment, leaving a mere nominal rate of interest, not more, I ven-    !
lure to say, than one mill. They will go into circulation ascur-    j
rency.   Not being issued on funds in the i reasury, they will be    '
bills of credit, and the power to reissue them will make this    ¡
measure a b ink of issue and circulation.   Who will attempt to
deny iU   Who can be so simple, so stupid, so wilfully blind, as
not to perceive it?   There can be no mistake, and, in fact, the
reasons given by th« Secretary amount to an admission that
each is the design of the Administration.   The great and in-   1
trícate question of Government paper credits was most anx-
iously and critically considered in the Convention that framed    !
the Constitution of the United States; and it is not necessary for    i
me to say that the power to emit bills of credit cannot be found
in mat admirable instrument.
It may be proper, Mr Chairman, to refer to'the Madison Pa-
pera, recently published, to ascertain precisely what the opiniwr.
and intention of the Convention was in regaid to the power to
issue bills of credit. lam aware, sir, that this question has
been argued with unsurpassed ability by my honorable friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. W. Thompson,] in his unanswered
and unanswerable speech, delivered on this floor in May, 1KB.
Since that time, however, the publication of the debates in the
Convention places beyond doubt what was the intention of that
body in regard to the power to issue bills of credit. It appears
that on the 6thof August tho committee of detail reponed the
dranght of the Constitution. The seventh article, which enu-
merates the powers of Congress, contained this clause: "To
borrow money and emit billa on the creditof the United States."
On thel6ih of August, this article being under consideration—
"Mr. Gouverneur Moiris moved to strike out the words 'and
emit bills on the credit of the United States.' If the United
Slates'MB credit  such bills would be unnecessary; if they had
not, unjust and useless
'•Mr. Butler seconds the motion.
"Mr. Madison. Will it not be sufficient to prohibit the mak-
ing them a tender? This will remove the temptation to emu
them with unjust views. And promissory notes m that shape
may, in some emergeneies, be best.
"Mr. Gouverneur Morris. Striking out the words will leive
room still fornotesof a responsible minister, which will do all
the good without the mischief. The moneyed interest will
oppose the plan of government if paper emissions be not pro-
hibited.
"Mr. Gorham was for striking out without inserting any pro-
hibition- If the words stand, tliey may suggest and lead to the
measure.
"Mr. Mason had doubts on tho subject. Congress, he thought,
would not have the power unless it were expressed. Though
he had a mortal hatred to paper money, yet, as he could not
foresee all emergencies, he was unwilling to tie the hands of
the Legislature. He observed that the late war could not have
been carried on had such a prohibtion existed.
'•Mr. Gorham. The power, as far as it will be necessary or
safe, is involved in that of borrowing.
"Mr. Mercer was a friend to paper money, though in the pre-
sent state and temper of America he should neither propose
nor approve of such a measure. He was consequently opposed
to a prohibition of it iltogether. It will stamp suspicion on the
Government to deny it a discretion on this point. It was im-
politic, also, to exiile the opposition of all those who were
1 riends to paper money. The people of property would be sure
to be on the side of the plan, and it was impolitic to purchase
theii further attachment with the loss of the opposite class of
citizens.
"Mr. Ellsworth thought this a favorable moment to shut and
bar the door against paper money. The mischiefs of the vari-
ous experiments which had been made were now fresh in the
public mind, and had excited the disgust of all the respectable
part of America. By withholding the powf r from the new Go-
vernment, more friends of influence would be gained to it than by
almost any thing else. Paper money can in no case be neces-
sary. Give Ihe Government credit, and other resources will
offer.   The power may do harm., never good.
"Mr. Randolph, notwithstanding his antipathy to paper mo-
ney, could not agree to strike out the words, as he could not fore-
see all the occasions that m'eht arise.
"Mr. Wilson. It will hace am st salutary influence on tlie
credit of the United States to remóse ths possibility of paper
money This expedient can never succeed whiUt its í/¿ís-
chiefs are remembered, and as long as it can be resorted to,
it will be a bar to other resources.
"Mr. Butler remarked that piper was a legal tender in no
country in Europe, lie was urgent ior disarming the Govern-
ment of such a power.
"Mr. Mason was still averse to tying the hands of the Legisla
ture altogather. If there was no example in Europe, as j .¡st re-
marked, itmieht ba observed, on the other side, that there was
none in which"the Government was restrained on this head.
"Mr. Read thought the words, if not struck out, would be as
alarming as the mark ef the beast in jtievelutions.
"Mr. L-wgdon had rather reject the whole plan, than retain the
three words,'and emit bills.'
"On the motion forslrikingout—New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Dalawaie, Virginia,* North
"This vote in the affirmative by Virginia was occasioned by Ihe
acquiescence of Mr. Madison, who became satisfied that strik-
ing out the words would not die ble the Government from the
use of public notes, as far as they could be safe aod proper,
and would only cut off the pretext for a paper currency, and
particularly for making the bills a tender, either for public or
private debts.
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia—ayesi9; New Jersey, Mary-
land—noes 2.
'The clause for borrowing money was agreed to, netn. con."
Thus we perceive, sir, that the power was withheld by a vote
of nine States to two. Who can say, after reading this debate,
that it was not the intention of the framers of the Constitution to
withhold the power from Congress to emit "bills oi credit," to
circulate as currency?
We have, in addition to the evidence of the journal of the Con-
vention, the testimony of a distinguished member of that body,
who voted against striking out. I allude to Luther Martin, one
of the members from the State of Maryland, who says, in his ad-
dress to the House of Delegates of that State, on the subject of
the proposed new form of government:
"By our original articles of confederation, the Congress have
power to borrow money, and emit bills of credit on the credit of
the United States; agreeably to which was the report on this sys-
tem as made by the committee of detail. When we came to this
part of the report, a motion was made to strike out the words 'to
emit bills of credit.' Against the motion we urged that it would
be improper to deprive the Cougress of that pov, ei; that it would
be a novelty unprecedented to establish a Government which
should not nave such authority; that it was impossible to look
forward into futurity so far as to decide that events might not
happen that should render the exercise of such a power absolute-
ly necessary; and that we doubted whether, if a war should take
place, it would be possible for this country to defend itself, with-
out having recourse to paper credit, in which case there would
be a necessity of becoming a prey to our enemies, or violating
the Constitution of our Government; and that, considering the
administration ef the Government would be principally in tbe
hands of the wealthy, there could be little reason totearan abuse
of the power by an unnecessary or injurious exercise of it. But,
sir, a majority of the Convention, being wise beyond every event,
and being Willing to risk any political evil rather thnn admit the
ideaofa paper emission, in any possible case, lefused to trust
this authority to a Government to which they were lavishing the
most unlimited powers of taxation, and to the mercy of which
they were willing blindly to trust the liberty and property of the
citizens of every State in the Union; and they erased thatclause
from the system."
I now ask gentlemen, in all candor, where this Government
finds authority in the Constitution, er by implication, to is:>ue
bills of credit under tho name of Treasury notes, bearing a
mere nominal interest, or, perhaps, no interest at all, and to
issue them in the form, and for all the purposes, of bank notes
as currency? Is the Constitution no barrier to the attainment
of their object? Is the power of party-drill in this House so
irresistible that, in obedience to its mandate, gentlemen will be
found ready to trample on the Constitution of our country?
Will they revive the miserable and condemned system of Go-
vernment paper money? that system which was so loudly and
universally complained of, and was one of the principal causes
that led to the adoption of our present form of government.
That Government bills have been issued to a large amount as
currency, we have the authority of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury himself for asserting. The admission is to be found in
his communication to the Committee of Ways and Means,
by which it appears that Treasury notes to the amount of
nearly two millions of dollars have been issued, bearing an
interest of but one mill. Dies any one suppose that this
trifling interest ever has been or will bi computed? Can it
rbe pretended that it was stipulated on the face of the notes
or any other purpose than to evade the law and violate the
Constitution?
My own opinion is, that this bill will authorize the issue of
Treasury notes without interest. Be that as it may, every
one must admit that one mill interest is a most flimsy and de-
grading pretext to deceive the people and cheat the law. The
Secretary says:
"Most oftbe first issue, yet unredeemed, are supposed to bear
the lowest rate of interest, one mill, and most of the second issue
not over two per cent. None of either of these issues, however,
bear any interest on their face or otherwise after the expiration
of one year from the time of their issue, and those bearing a
large interest being usually held by capitalists will doubtless be
paid in for duties and lands, oi presented for redemption as
soon as they fall due."
Itappears from thi* statement that a large amount of notes
issued in October, 1837, and bearing an interest of but one
mill, which ceased at the expiiation of one year from the time
of their issue/are yet outstanding, and must have been in circu-
lation nearly eighteen mouths without interest, and being in cha-
racter and effect precisely similar to what was called Continen-
tal mvney, or bills of credit.
Mi. Chairman, I do not deny to this Government the authority
to issue Treasury note?, bearing the legal or such rate of inte-
rest as will induce capitalists to receive them at par as security
for a loan. Tins would make them nothing more nor less than
one form of scrip for Government stock. What I contend for,
sir, is, that we have no constitutional power to authorize the
issuing of them in such fdtwi as will throw them into the cur-
rency of the country, and cause them to circulate asmoi.ey.
Tins, I assert, has been the effect of a large amount of the is-
sues made by the Secretary of the Treasury, according to his
own admission, under the several acts since October, 1S37, and
such, I believe, is the inten'ion and will be the result of the
issue which will be authorized by the passage of the bill now
before the committee.
Sir, what are bills of credit? Various concurring authorities
might be citedto show whalis abillof credit, but I shall only
refei to one. The late Chief Justice of the United States defines
bills oí credit to be "paper issued by the sovereign authority,
and intended to circulate as money." Let me ask gentlemen
whether the issue of two millions of Treasury notes, bearing a
nominal interest of one mill per annum, was not so intended?
And is it not known that such was the result?
The policy  which has been pursued by the Administration to
lead to the issue of this Government paper money has been most
insidious and deceptive. It was necessary, in the outset, to
create the necessity. This was done by the most extravagant
appropriations and wasteful expenditure of the public treasure,
an.l commencing a war of extermination against the banks and
credit system of the country, by which the revenue from all
sources was grtatly diminished and the expenditures of the Go-
vernment vastly increased. This led, of course, to the bank-
ruptcy of the Treasury, and the necessity of relief.
This necessity wasas well known to exist when Mr. Van Bu-
rén entered on the discharge of his duties in March, 1837, as
when he issued his pioclamation to convene Congress the Sep-
tsmber following; and if be was ignorant of it, he is not fit for
the high station he occupies. If lie knew it, he was bound, by
every consideration of duty and patriotism, to have convened
Congress the very day after Uis inauguration, that timely and
efficient measures rrughthave been adopted to relieve the Trea-
ury and preserve the Constitution and credit of the ceuntry. It
didnot suit his purposes to pursue a course so obviously neces-
sary and expedient. He preferred that the machinery of Go-
vernment should work its own destruction and the ruin of the
country,and, consequently, Congress was not called until the
Treasury was found to be without means to meet ihe demands
against it. Congiess was then called, as the same sudden disas-
ter had created an unexpected crnei;ency. The President, in
his Message, bearing date <lth ¡September, IK7, says: "Until the
amount can be collected from ihe banks, Tieasury notes may
lie temporarily issued, to be gradually redeemed as it is re-
ceived." Similar language was used by the ¡secretary of the
Treasury and the advocates of the measuie in both Houses of
Congress. It was urged as a temporary expedient to meet a
I pressing emergency. It was said then, a? it has been in the
passage of every bill since to authorize the issue of Treasury
notes, that there was not time to make a loan in the. ordinary
way, and that it was absolutely necessary to issue these notes
to meet the pressing demands against the Treasury. From Oc-
tober, 1837, until theflast quarter of 1839, the Government has
had an outstanding public debt, in the lorm of Treasury notes,
to the amount of ten millions of dollars, has collected all but a
very small amount from the banks, besides expending all the
revenue; and yet we aie informed that the necessity is so press-
ing that unless we authorize the issue of these Treasury notes,
the country will be disgraced. No plan has been presented for
our consideration to relieve the Tieasuiy permanently, and I
am persuaded it is not the intention of the Administration to
present any, except that now beioie us for the issue of Govern-
ment paper money.
Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. K.)what a commentary this course
of policy is on the boastful piofeseions of the Administration,
and every political demagogue, from the President to the tide-
waiter, that this is to be a hard money Government. I shall
endeavor, sir, to show'V'fore 1 sit down, what sort ofa hard-mo-
ney Government it is the purpose of these in power to inflict on
this country. For this purpose, I beg leave to refer the com-
mittee to the Messase of Gen. Jackson, then President of the
United States, tlate3 December 7, 1630. Speaking of the re-
charter of the Bank of Ihe United States, he says:
'In the spirit of improvement and compromise which distin-
guishes our countiy and its institutions, it becomes us to inquire
whether it be not possible lo sei nre the advantages afforded by
he present bank, thiough the anency ofa Bunk of ihe United
States, so modified in its principles and structure as to obviate
constitutional and other objections. It is thought practicable to
organize such a bank, with the necessary officers, as a branch of
the Treasury Department, based on the public and individual
deposites, without power to make loans or purchase property,
which shall remit the funds of the Government, and the expense
of which may be paid, if thought advisable, by allowing its ofri-
( cers to sell bills of exchange to pmate individuals at a mode-
rate premium '
Here, sir, is the plan of a Treasury bank; and I have no hesi-
tation in saying that it. ca.i be traced in the acts and the policy
of the former and present Administrations from that time to the
present. It has been, and is, in my opinion, the delibeiate, Mil-
wavering, never-sleeping pui pose of this Jackson Van Buren
dynasty to establish a bank on the revenues of the Government,
and the acts authorizing the issue of Tieasuiy notes are among
the preliminary steps to the accomplishment of lhat design.
The war against the credit system has been for no other pur-
pose than to bring into disrepute and destroy our local institu-
tions, distress and distract the people and drive out of circula-
tion the currency to which we have been so long accustomed,
to make way for this Government paper money. I could refer
to almost every Executive message and Treasury íeport since
1830, in support of my argument; but, not being disposed to
dwell on a subject which has attracted so much of public atten-
tion, and been discussed in almost every newspaper, and in
every portion of our country, I will on'y call the attention of
the comin'teeto a paragraph or two of that very extraordinary
and enigmatical document sent to us in December last by
Mr. Van Buren as his message. On the subject of banks, he
t-ays:
"In a country so commercial as ours, banks, in some form,
will, probably, always exist; but this serves only to render it
the more incumbent upon us, notwithstanding the discourage-
mentsof the past,to strive in our respective stations to miti-
gate the evils they produce; to take Irom them, as rapidly as
the obligations ef public faith anda careful consideration of the
immediate interests of the community will permit, the unjust
character of monopolies; to check, so lar as may he practicable,
by prudent legislation, those temptations of interest and those
opportunities for their dangerous indulgence which beset them
on every side, and to confine them s'rictly to the ¡et formance
of their paramount duty, that of aiding the operations of com-
merce, rather than consubing their own exclusive advantage.
These "and other salutary reforms may, it is believed, be ac-
complished without the violation of any of thegieat principles
of the social compact, the obsei vanee of which is indispensable
to its existence, or intcifenng in any way with the useful and
profitable employment of real capita!. Institutions so framed
hiveexisted and still exist elsewhere, giving the commcicial
intercourse all necessary facilities, without inflating or depreci-
atin  the currency, or stimulating speculation. Thus aceom-
pMsiiing th**ir legitimate ends, they have gained the suiest
guarantee for their protection and encouragement in the good-
will of the community."
Permit me, Mr. Chairman, io interpret these dark and mys-
terious sentence?, and state what I understand them to mean in
plain English. The President first proposes to take from ihe
banks, by prudent legislation, their unjust character of monopo-
lies, and confine them to the performance of their duly. It
might be asked, ifthe character of monopolies is unjust, as ap-
plied to ihe banks, why take it away? He next proposes to
c nfine their operations to the employment of real capital;
which means that they shall not lend their ciedit in a form of
acirculatingmedium. In other words, if they have gold and
silver they may loan it out, or, if they prefer to deposite in the
Treasury, they may receive Treasury notes or drafts, turn bro-
kers and sell them at such premium as the want* of the
country will ei.able them to demand. He says: "That insti-
tulions so framed have existed and still exist elsewheie." He
alludes, of course, to the banks of discount and deposite in
continental Europe, where coin or bullion is palced on deoo-
eite,anda certificate issued to the depositor; and the President

