Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
26th Cono*••• 1st 8kS8.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Evans.
H. of Reps.
them from raising many articles for domestic consumption, and
from engaging in manufactures.   They consequently afford a
most extensive market lor the products and manufactures of the
other Sutes.   Any cause, therefore,  which shall injuriously
affect the price ol tho exports of the fbrmer, will immediately
deprive them of the power to purchase fiom the lat er, and
consequently   their interests  will suffer to an equal extent
Hence the price of cotton in Georgia influences the price of
potatoes in Massachusetts, and the price ol mules in Kentucky,
and of wheal in Indiana.   Sir, the price of our great   Southern
staple regulates the circulating value of Europe and this coun-
try.   When it goes down, every interest at the North and
West, as well as the South, l\et$ the shock.   The capitalist
who live  on his renta1, and rolls in his coach, finds his income   '
reduced.   The^nanufacturer ai.d the mechanic no longer find a   !
market for tueir wares and merchandise.   The producuve in-   ¡
dd«ryof the United Sutes is divided into three great branch-   !
es.   At the South it is applied to the raising of exportable   !
products; at the North andKast,ti commerce and manufac-   <
ture ; at the West, to the tailing of stock and breadstuff*.   The   i
two latter are much more dependent on the former than it is
upjn them; because, if by any means the foreisn market lor
tlie exporta of the   Southern States   should   be   destroyed,   |
the «oil   and climate which n w produce cotton and tobac-   I
co would supply them wiih   breadstuff , and their  surplus
Ubor would be upplied to manufactures.   This state of things
would  injure  and depress incalculably tha commerce and
manufactures of the North, and  cut off the great market for
the productions of the West.   It will therefoie be perceived
that the fiscal action of the Government, under this Indepen-
dent Treasury   scheme, if it affects, as I believe it will, the
ttrnth more   injuriously than, the oilier great sections of the
Union, will nevertheless produce the most disastrous conse-    >
quences treughout the country.                                                 I'
Mr. Chairman,  there is one piece of twaddle in the Presi-   ;
dent's message which I cannot pass in silence.   It is  in refer-
ence to the inflnence which the operations of the Bar.k of Eng-   |
land have on our commerce, and out of which he frames a
moststatcsmaalike argunieut,as he seems to suppose, against
our banking or credit system, and in favor of his Independent
Treasury.    He labors to show that nothing but that measure   i
can insure our safely against that foreign money power.   As
though desirous of proving his ignorance and his argument at
the same time, be says: "It is thus (hat an introduction ola new
bank into the most distant ol our villages places the business of  j
that village within the influence of the innney power of Eng-
land."   Sir, if that remote village produced more  breadstuff's,   '
horses, mules, or manufactured goods than were wanted for   i
home consumption, or desired any articles  which it did not
produce for comfort or luxury, the price of its exports and im-
ports would be regulaud by  the demand and supply m the
market where it had intercourse, and that demand and supply
would be regulated by the general state of trade in the country;
and if foreign commerce should be suffering in consequence of
a short crop in  England, our home market must necessarily   '
feel the shock;  and although "the business of that village''
would unquestionably be more or less injured, it would not be   !
because a  bank had been "introduced."    That circumstance
could exercise no influence on the foreign supply and demand   :
of its wants and commodities.   The only influence the bank   ■
could exercise, in the prudent management of its business,   i
would be to afford to the citizens the necessary lacil¡ties, or, in   I
other word-s the credit, in the form of bank notes, to enable them   '
ti>convey their surplus produce to market.     Sir, so long as   ;
England continues to consume our great staple productions,   I
their price will depend on her ability to pay for and manufac-
rare them.   If her grain crops shall be destroyed by providen-
tial circumstances, and her resources required to supply her
people with bread, we may be injured, but the  destruction of
oar own credit system, and demanding the revenues of the Go-
vernment in specie, will only aggravate the evil.
Mr. Chairman; you are aware of my uniform opposition to
a Bank of the United States. 1 am of opinion that Congress
does not possess the constitutional power to create a corpora-
tion, and I also believe that the two banks which have existed
forty years since the adoption of the Federal Constitution have
operated oppressively against the interests of the South. I
was, and am, in favor of a separation of the fiscal action of the
Government from the banks, because I thoul-lit it unjust to the
Booth, which supplies the commerce, that pays the revenue,
that the banks of the North should be permitted to make use of*
that revenue as bank capital, and thereby be the better enabled
to control our commerce. But, sir, I never gave in my adhe-
sion to a Sub Treasury plan a priori, such as the Executive
might choose to frame for the establishment of bis own power,
and the overthrow of our institutions. Thn question which
has been presented to the people was simply a separation ol the
Government from the banks, and not the establishment of a
Treasury bank on the revenues of the country. These mea-
sures, sir, which have been brought forward under a pretext
of separating toe Government from the banks, are, in my opi-
nion, a most unblushing fraud upon the people, and are de-
signed to establish that Which the Administration has solemnly
denounced—a Government bank—in the most odious and dan-
gerous possible form. As tnueh as I have been and am opposed
to a Bank of the United States, 1 consider the measure proposed
asa thousand-fold more dangerous and objectionable.
So long as the revenue does not exceed the disbursements of
the Government,a connection with the banks cannot be attended
with much danger to the firmer, or benefit to the latter, or
operate very unequally on the various interests and sections of
the country. It is only whea a large surplus accumulates in
the Treasury that these evils are to be apprehended. If, there-
fore, the Administration is sincere in its professions to the
Booth, that no more is to be collected than an economical ex-
penditure will require, the danger of a connection with the
banks has been greatly magnified.
If, as the friends of the Administration affirm, the operations
of the Sub Treasury will not ab-rtract more than five millions
of dolíais fiom circulation, how can it be supposed tliat the
President, with this comparatively small sum under his con-
trol, will have the power to establish a metallic currency
throughout the country, change the character and regulate the
business of our banks-, and drive their notes from circulation'!
Ttt, all this he proposes to accomplish; and when the real de-
sign anJ tendency of his measures are shown, h's fii-nds in
tha House and out of it affirm that a very small amount of
specie will be required to accomplish this tremendous revolu
tion i> tin monetary system and political institutions of the
conntry. Mr. Chairman, the declarations of the dynasty which
now reigns over this country are characterized by all the dupli-
city that has ever marked the course and policy of usurpers,
fcir, 1 have given my views of the design anil tendency of tho
measures now in progress, and I believe as firmly as 1 do in
an overruling Providence, that unless the people of this coun-
try shall rise in all the majesty of freemen, and eject from
power our oppressors, they will fasten upon us a despotism in-
finitely more intolerable than that from which the war ol tho
devolution delivered our fathers.
It is not my purpose to withhold from '.he Administration
the necessary means to meet the wants of the Government; I
object to the issue of Treasury notes in the form proposed in
the bill under consideration, for all the reasons I have had the
honor to present to the committee; and as I am perfectly cer-
tain that Government stock, bearing an interest of four and a
half per cent, will immediately command the sum asked for,
and will, m fact, no more create a public debt than the issue of
Treasury notes, I have prepared a substitute for the bill on the
table, which l.beg leave to submit to the consideration of the
committee.
REMARKS OF/MR. EVANS,
i      OF M^INE,
In the House of RepresinWiots, March 24, 1840—In
Conimittte of the 'Vjbole on the state of the
Union, upon th^ billáuthorizing a further issue of
Treasury notes.      /
Mr. EVANS said ne had been desirous} several
day, to submit a fWobservations lo ihe commit-
tee upo  ihe bill noSr under consideration; and he
regretted that he had r¡ot been able to obtain the
opportunity of d-^ing so when the subject wjs
somewhat fresher than it is now, and before so
many topic?, more or less connected wiih it, had
been drawn within the range of the deba*e. The
measure was introduced, and was discu'-sel, by
the honorable chairman of the Conmiuee oí Way*
and Means [¡Mr. Jones) purely as a measure of
finance, growing out of the present and urgent ne-
cessities of the Treasury". Since that period, the.
circle of debate had been constantly en'arging;
but, without regarding other matters which had
thus been brought within it, Mr. E. said he should
conSne the remarks he intended to offer to the
n;eaf ure as proposed and as diicused by the hono-
rable chairman—a financial measure merely I
think it much to be regretted (said Mr. E ) that
this subject of the finances of the country—'hs
condition of the Treasury, present and prospective
—appears to possess so little interest, and to attract
so small a share of the attention of the Ilou-e.
Upon this branch of the Legislature, particularly,
the frarcers of the Constitution in'ended to bestow
the iuardianship and the watchful care of the pub-
lic treasure; and doubtless they supposed that mo-
tives would never be wanting for a vigilant execu-
tion of this trust. The taxing power, the raising
of revenue, which may impose burdens upon the
people, and the expenditure of it, were intended to
be subjected to the sever*st scrutiny by their imme-
diate representatives; and yet, sir, we see how diffi-
cult it is to detain a quorum of .members in their
seats when a bill founded upon the pressing neces-
sities of the Government, and (he best means of
f-upplying those necessities, is und«r consideration.
Trie situation which I hold, as a member of the
committee from which this measure emanaled, has
made it my duty to look somewhat more closely
into the condi'ion of the Treasury, and the pros-
pects bef«re it, than probably I otherwise should
have done; and I confeis, sir, I am very far from
being satisfied with either the one or ihe oth*r.
The present condi ion is, confessedly, embarrasted
and straitened; and the prospect, is my judgment,
by no meaos gratifying. In regard, therefore te
the present measure, I desire to say in advance
that, if I vote for it at all, it will be with very
great reluctance, and solely from a conviction that
its speedy passage is required in order lo enable
the Government to meet its obligations and to pre-
serve its faiih.
I agree with the honorable chairman of the
Ways and Means that the measure contemplated
by the bill, or some substitute for it, equally
prompt and efficient, is most imperiously demand-
ed by the present state of the Treasury. But I
differ from that gentleman entirely as to the neces-
sity being a mere temporary pressure, or ihat there
is any prospect that the Treasury notes authorized
by the bill are to be redeemed withia theyrar. The
bill itself, on the face of it, is fallacious in that
clause which gives power to the Secretary to re-
deem ihe notes a', any time within the year upon
giving sixty days' notice ot such as he may desire
to call in. The design of this provision is lo con-
vey the idea ihat ihe Treasury will be able to re-
deem these note?, or a portion of them, in a short
period from th<¿ accruing revenue of the year. The
honorable chairman rests his defence and support
of -he bill upon that ground distinctly. He ar-
gues that the wh,.ie receip's of the year will be
equal to all the expenditures of the year, and that
the bill is nothing mure than an anticipation in the
former part of the year of revenue t*> be received in
the latter part of it. Toe President in his message
of 17th February, and the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry in his communication of the 15:h, plac; it upon
the same ground; both rt gard.ng it, as dees the
honorable chairman also, merely a temporary mea-
sure to guard the Treasury against "the fluctua-
tions" to which its receipts and expenditures are at
present exposed. In their opinion, all the troubles
and embarras--m" n ts of the finances are attributa-
ble to "iiuctuaiio-s." It has been said by the Se-
cretary several times, and repeated by the honora-
ble chairman, and re-repea'ed in still stronger lan-
guage by the honorable member from New Yoik,
that the present ex gency grows out of the fact that
the disburstmems are much the largest in the early
part of the year, while the receipts are much the
largest in the latter part of the year. Now, iir, in
my jadgment, this view of our financial condition
is entirely fallacious; and it seems to me that one
of ihe most imperious duties which now devolve
upon the House is to look this subj ct full in the
face, to understand the ma'ter as it really is, and to
provide suitable remedie* tor ihe difficulties under
which the Tieasury is laboring. Krora the Lest
v ew I am able to take of the btate of the finances,
I am persuaded that the rmbarrasim' nts of the De-
partment are not attributble to the causes sup-
po-ed; but to a deficiency in the revenue to meet
the expenditures, a deficiency which, during the
year and for some time to come, will be constantly
incrtasing, unless some effectual remedy te ap-
plied. The real difficulty is, that our income does
not meet our expenses, and has not for about three
years past. As to the idea that the largest part of
the disbur.emeiits, "much the large t portion," sa;d
the chairman, occur in the early part of the year,
and "much the larger portion of receipts" in the
latter part, I can discover no foundation upjn
which it rests. There is nothing in the experience
of past years to justify it. Indeed, the very re-
verse appears to have been Ihe case. I have look-
ed bick only three or four year*, and I find ihat, in
1836 the receipts for the rLst three quarters of the
year were     -                                    f38.141.898
Being an average of, per quarter • 1S.7i3.96J
While the receipts of the last quarter
were only             -          -          -    10,732.066
Falling short of an average abaut two millions.
lathe same year, the expenditures in the three
first quarters were    -          -          - #20,791,372
Being an average per quarter of - 6,930,457
While the expenditures of   the  last
quirter wete        ...      9,864,872
Exceeding the average of the three quarters by
about thtee miil.ons.
In 1837, the average receipts of the three first
qua'teis were, in round numbers - $5,000,000
And of the last quatter         -          -      4,500,000
Falling off only half a million, which was undoubt-
edly owiog to the great embarrassments in the latter
part of that year, oiicasioned by the suspension of
specie payment?. Indeed, the onlv wonder is, that
ihe revenue of the last quarter of 1837 did not fall
off more than it did.
T,ie average of expenditures for the three first
quaiters of t e same year was          -   #8 472,972
And of the last quarter         -          -     6,396 493
Showing a considerable falling off. But this is
not a matter of surpriv, when we recollect that such
was the embarrassment of the Treasury that year
that an ex'ra session of Congress was convened to
replenish it; and doubtless the Departments curtailed,
iu every possible mode, for want of funds. Tne
year 1837, from these causes, is scarcely a fair
standard for ordinary years.
In 1838, the average of receipts for the first tore 
quarters was   -          ■          "          -$6,119,601
And of the last quarter was     -          -   6,793,753
Showing a small excess in the latter part.
