Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
Treasu y Notes—Mr. Evans.
H. oí Reps.
those estimates must of necessity be considerably
exceeded.
I am aware of the strong solicitude which has
prevailed with the President, and the Secretary al-
go, to exhibit the lowest amount possible, necessa-
ry for the service of this year. The motives for
this are quite apparent, but I shall not speak of
them. We are now building two steam frigates,
for which about $350,000 sre wanted this year.
But this do s not appear in the estimates; and how
is it proposed to supply it? Why, by borrowing
from the standing appropriation for the gradual
improvement of the navy that amount, which is
to be reimbursed next year, and wh'ch will of
course go into the estimates of n*xt year. Why
did not the Secretary estimate for it ttiis year, and
receive it in the usual rood ? It makes no d fier-
ence in the Treasury. The money is to be taken
out in either mode; but the mode adopted, of bor-
rowing the amount from another fund, tends to
keep down the estimates, and to give the Govern-
ment credit for economy. This is but one lDs'aice
of the manner by which the estimates are kept
dowo, and, as I think it wi'l turn out, k-pt down
below what will be actually required.
The complaint, or the assertion, which ever it may
be considered, that the estimates are not always
tobe relied upon, is not new. In 1838 the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means made a report upon
the condition of the finances, in wh'ch they state—
"The annual estimates submitted by the Secreta-
ry the Treasury in December last, embraced no es-
timate of the amount which would be requred for
preventing and suppressing Indian hostiliti-s."
"The estimates of the War Department, already
submitted to the House for thess purposes, amount
te 5,265,000 dollars. 
The report also speaks of an extraordinary ap-
propriation of $625,000 for the protection if the
Canadian frostier. So that in that year nearly six
millions of dollars, for two objects alone, were ap
propria ted, not appearing in the estimates. The
then chairman of Ways and Means, [Mr. Cam-
brelzkg ] who appeared to possess, in this in-
stance, more ^sagacity than he always obtained
credit for, foresaw, as I think, tLat the measure
then in contemplation, which was an issue of
Treasury notes, in anticipation of the revenues oí
that year, would not get rid of the dirficu'ty. He
did not bel eve ihat they could be redeemed within
the year, and accordingly recommended that one-
third only should be payable in one year, one-third
in eighteen months, and one-third in two years. In-
stead kof that, however, the; were all made re-
deemable ia one year, and the result was, that, at
the expiration of it, a new law was passed autho-
rizing a new emission; and now, at the end of
another year, when theie become payable, we are
called on to pass another Jaw for ano'hír issue.
Now, sir, if the estimates of former years have so
signally failed, why are we required to place such
implicit confidence in them now? Indeed, if I re-
collect aright, several addi nnal es imates ha?c
come in since the annual report of tne Secretary,
to what extent I am not able to say.
[Mr. Jones here said that there were some few
which had arisen from accidental canses which
weie not known when the estimates were made up.]
Mr. Evans resumed. I do net mean to be un-
derstood that they were then known and designedly
withheld, but I have said, and now repeat, that ths
Treasury estimates communicated at the beginning
of the session are not to be relied on; and this may
arise from various causes. There are, of necessity,
many appropriations which mus! and will be made
in Congress for objects which the Government can-
not estimate beforehand. Such has always been
theease, and such of necessity must continue to be.
I do not advert particularly to thosa which have
been already introduced into the House this ses-
sion and have failed. There an one < r two whkh
I feel myself a great interest in, and which I shall
press before the close of the sejsion wi'h what abi-
lity I possess, and I hope saccesafuliy. One of them
is a long-delayed debt du* in part to the Sate from
which I come. And I here give notice to the ho-
norable gentleman from Nor h Carolina (Mr.
McKat.) that I do not intend that subject shall be
delayod to the last hour of  the last day, as it has
been on a former occasion. He must prepare to
meet it somewhat earlier now. Then, there is ano-
ther claim, perfectly well founded, whieh will
amouni to some one or two thousand, due wholly
to the State of Maine, which I trust also to have
allowed. B th of these will exceed half a million.
[At this point Mr. Undbrwood of Kentucky, Mr.
Evans having given way lor that purpose, moved
that the committee rise.
Mr. Hubbard moved to amend that motion by
ad hns the words "and report the bill," but the
amendment was pronounced out of order.
Tel'ers were demanded; and the House having
divided, the ayes were 60, the noe* 90. Sj the
committee refused to rise ]
Mr. Evans resumed. Before proceeding further
I will here state what would have been more ap-
propriate in a former part of my remarks, that I
have just been informed by a gentleman who has
full knowledge of the fact, that the duties en the
cargoes of four ships which have arrived at New
Yoik within a few days past, compared wuh the
du ies paid by the same vessels last year, amount
to about one-seventh part only of what they were
then. These are facts not to be mistaken. And
how the Secretary of the Treasury and the Chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means can
say that their opinion as to ,the receipts of this
year remains unchanged, is quite incomprehensi-
ble to me.
I have a few words only to say in reply to the
suggestions of the honorable Chairman', and re-
peated also by the gentleman from New York over
the way, (Mr. Vanderpoel,) about the delay in
bringing in this bill. They both say that the Se-
cretary did early g've notice of an expected deficit
in the Treasury, and so early th\t the House had
ample time to consider the subject, and to adopt
any different mods of meeting and providing for it
which they might deem advisable. In support of
this position, several exfac's have been read from
the Secretary's annual report. Do the gentlemen
mean to be understood that the bill nc w under con-
sideratioa is founded upon the recommendations
which they have cited? Do we not know, and have
thjy not so advocated it, that the measure is called
for by th? immediate exigencies of the Treasury?
Does not the honorable Chairman reme rtber that
he called it up, and pressed it the other day express-
ly upon the ground that the notes were now wanted
to meet the outstanding debts of the Government?
Since then, what opportunity has ibis House had
to adopt any other mode of providing for those
debts? When a direct loan is proposed by th^se
who doubt the constitutional power te i-sue. Trea-
sury notes, gentlemen turn round and tell us that
there is not time to effect it; that the faith of the
Government will be violated, and its credit im-
paired, bsfore you can realize any thing from that
sourca. What is this but putting us off till there
is no time to adopt any other remedy? 1 his bill is
for $5,000,000; but I venture to predict that before
ihe close of the session, the Treasury will rrqjue
five millions more. And although this cannot but
be foreseen, we have no admonition of it; and
when at last the application shall be made, we
shall be told, as we are new teld, that the exigency
is very great, and there is not time enough to make
a loan, or to adopt any other measure of fupplying
the Trea ury. I predict this, s.r, and time will
disclose how far my expectations are well founded.
The present measure, if I have any knowledge
of it at all, grows out of the message of the P.eli-
den', of 17ih February, communicating the Secre-
tary 'j letter to him of the 15 h February, showing
the immedia'e demands upon his Department, and
ií not in any degree founded upon the general re-
commendations in the annual report, which have
been relied upon. These recommendations look
altogether to some "permanent safeguard." No
i timation is fciven of early, immed ate, presang
deminds; but the argument is general, applying to
air time, in favor of some "cons ant safeguard,"
some "permanent remedy,"iome standing, abiding,
r ontlnuing law, authorizing him to issue Treasury
notes, or make loans, or adopt other measure ,
whenever, in his judgment, the necessities of the
Treasury require it; an authority not limited to one
year as this bill is, but operating at all timea, stand-
ing, permanent, continuing. This is no new idea
of the Secretary. He has renewed it, and urged it
over and over again, for ihe last six years; and yet
tha authority he desires has never been granted.
How, then, were we to ccnsider it as a special re-
commendation of this particular bill? What admo-
nition did these general suggestions and arguments
furnish us of this especial measure? No, sir, this
bill is founded upon a particular recommendUion,
to meet a special emergency, and does not, in any
degree, come up to the very extraordinary power
desired by the Sicrctary. I say extraordinary, sir,
because I think his recommendation, so often
urged and so persevenngly repeated, is a most
extraordinary one; one which his never found fa-
vor enough in Congress to be sen usly considered.
He desires no le'vs than authority to contract debts,
to borrow miney, whenever, m his judgment, the
interests of the Treasury require it. The Consti-
tu ion tells us that Congress íihaü have the power
"to borrow mone; on the credit of the United
State*;" but the Secrstary thinkithat that power
had better b: lxlgfd with him Give him autho-
rity to borrow money or to issue Treasury notes,
which is defended and justified en the cons'itu-
honal authority ' to borrow money," and he will
tike care, he s\y, to guard against all unexpected
deficiencies. Now, sir, this looks to me exceed-
ingly like surrendering the whole power of Con-
gress, on this subjecf, into the hands of the Secre-
tary, and having thus given to the Executive full
power to replenish the Treasury, we have only to
give h m like authority to di^burte it, and the Go-
vernment will be reduced to what was not long
ago recommended, quite a s-mple machine. The
Representatives of the people will then be spared a
great deal of the labar n >w devolved upon them.
I have been not a little perplexed, and a little
amused too, by some of the arguments of the Se-
cretary in lavor of this "permanent safeguard,"
whicti he seems to think has always hitherto ex-
isted.    He says:                                           «
"Much has at times been wis-Iy done by Con-
gress to supply means for mee'ing unexpected defi-
ciencies. But all legal provisions heretofore
adopted for that purpose hiving expired, our finan-
cial operations will be constantly expased to dan-
ger, unle.s some permanint safeguard under con-
tmgenciei is established "
I ¡>hou'd bi grat.fied, sir, if the honorable chair-
roan, who is the orsan of the Secretary en this oc-
casion, would inform the Pious* what "legal pru-
visions heretofore adopted" "to supply means for
meeting unexpected deficiencies" have expired.
What authority which the law has ever conferred
upon the Secretary does not now belong to hun?
His own answer is thus:
"In our system, the provision on this subject
was very uniferm and permanent, till the extin-
guishment of the national debt in 1835. Previous
u that time, a large balance beyond the expend s
for oidinary purpose* vea* generally collected, and
being kept on hand till near tae close of t^.e year,
so as to assist in any contingency, was then, if not
thus wanted, applied towards the payment of the
debt."
That is, while wc are burdened with a public
debt, to the extinguishment o* which several mil-
l.ons a year were devoted, we had existing kgal
provisions to me-t any unexpected deficiency.
What wi*re they? Why, nothing more and no-
thing less than ihatany balances which nrght hap-
pen to h? n the Treasury, not used du'iog the
year in payment of the pubic debt, nor lor other
purposes, weie at his comma' d. Are tbey not so
now? We «re at this tima wholly free from public
debt, except the small amount of outstanding Trea-
sury notes, and the Secretary ha*, therefore, the
whole rec*ip*i of th^year, aad all the power and
"every lejal provision" which was ever in force,
to meet unexpected fluctuation;. He is, in truth,
much better provided, so far as leal provisions
are cone rued, than while we had a public debt,
inasmuch as no part of she annual income is re-
quired to pay either principal or interest of such a
deb' The truedifficulty in the case is, that, whereas
while we weie involved m a heivy debt, our
resources were equil to our expenditures, and to
the payment of several millions annually besides;
