814
APÍÉNBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th  Cong*••• 1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
SPEECH OF Mr. WEBSTER,        •
of Massachcsetts, I              /
In Senate, June 5, 1840—On Mr. Clay's m/tion to
strike out the compulsory part of the Bankrupt
BiU.                            ,               f
Mr. Webster addressed the Senate as^follows:
The commendable temper in whfcjr the discus-
sion has been so far conducted leads rt* to hope that
now, when we are in the midst of the difficulties of
the question, the Senate will indulge me in a few
remarks. That there are difficulties, I freely ac-
knowledge. The subject of bankruptcies is a diffi-
cult subject every where, and perhaps particularly
difficult here, as one of the results of a division of
legislative powers between Congress and the States.
But these difficulties are not insurmountable; and
their only influence, therefore, should be to stimu-
late our efforts, and to increase at once our caution
and our zeal.
It seems agreed, by all the friends of any bank-
rupt bill, that there shall be a provision for volun-
tary bankruptcy. The question now is, whether
there ought to be also a compulsory power, or a
power on the part of creditors to subject their debt-
ors, in certain cases, to the operation of the law.
It is well known that the bill by me introduced
contained such a power, and I should still prefer to
retain it. But I do not think this of so much im-
portance as some other gentlemen, and should cheer-
fully support a bill which should not contain it, if,
by so doing, I should contribute to the general suc-
cess of the measure. In truth, on this question and
on many others, my vote will be governed by a de-
sire to majje the bill acceptable to others.
Now, siirthe argument for the compulsory clause
is, that, without this power, the creditors have no
security; that the bill is a one-sided measure—a
measure for the benefit and relief of debtors only,
quite regardless of the just rights of creditors. All
this I deny. I maintain, on the contrary, not only
that there is just security for the rights of creditois
under the voluntary part of the b.ll, but that that
part, of itself and by itself, is of the highest value
and importance to creditors. This proposition takes
for granted what I have no doubt will be found true—
that persons in insolvent circumstances will gene-
rally become voluntary bankrupts; and, in the sec-
ond place, I maintain that very little value is added
to the security of creditors by the compulsory part
of the bill.
These are the points on which I propase now par-
ticularly to address the Senate, and, with its pa-
tience, I hope to make them clear.
When I speak of creditors, I mean the class of
creditors generally; or all who, in the couise of
business, give trust for merchandise or other things
sold, or for money loaned.
When I speak of the creditors of insolvents, I
mean the creditors, in the mass, of such persons as
are actually and really insolvent; that is, unable to
pay their debts, whether their insolvency be known
and acknowledged or not.
And to creditors, and the rights of creditors, in
both these senses and uses of the word, I maintain
that the provisions contained in the voluntary part
of this bill are of great value.
The rights of creditors are the means which the
laws furnish for the enforcement and collection of
their debts. In the case of an insolvent deb.or, the
laws at present give to the creditor, among other
things, a right to pursue and demand his future
earnings. This right the present bill proposes to
take away.
The question is, therefore, whether, in taking
away this right, the bill provides for the creditor
any just equivalent.
Í do not admit, indeed, that by a-bankrupt law we
might not take away some of the existing rights or
remedies of creditors, if it should appear just and
proper so to do, without providing any new right or
remedy as an equivalent. The relation of debtor
and creditor forms a general subject of legislation.
The proper law-making power may act upon this
relation, and alter and modify it, upon principles of
general policy, justice, and utility, whenever it sees
fit.
Bat I am willing to occupy a narrower ground,
and to undertake to show that, by the provisions of
this bill, we leave creditors in a better condition
than we found them. In other words, that, as a vol-
untary system alone, it is beneficial to creditors.
The law, it is proposed, shall last some few years,
that Congress and the country may see what is its
actual operation,   It will act immediately after it
shall have passed; and this operation, as I main-
lain, will be favorable to creditors. In other words,
the law will be useful to creditors in the creation of
debts. It will, I insist, increase the probability that
he who parts with his money or his merchandise on
credit, will be paid for his merchandise or repaid
his money. Sir, we live in a highly commercial
country, and a high'y commercial and enterprising
age. The system of credit, which I hold to be very
useful, and indeed essential to our general prosper-
ity, may no doubt be carried to excess, and often is
carried to excess. There is such a thing as over-
trading, and such a thing as false credit; and both
these things are public evils. All admit this; and
many think the evils so great, that they seem to be
enemies to the credit system altogether. I am not
one of these; but still f desire to keep credit w ithin
bounds, and to avoid over-trading.
Now, sir, what is it that upholds so much false
credit 1 What is it that enables men to extend their
transactions so far beyond their capital 1 What is
it that enables them, also, to go on, often for a long
time, after they have become really insolvent 1 Sir,
it is the practice of endorsement and suretyship; a
practice, I venture to say, moré extensive in the
United States than in any other country. Men get
trust upon the strength of other men's names. 1 do
not speak of the discount of notes and bills taken in
the common operations of sale and purchase, but I
speak of pure accommodation; of the discount of
paper representing no transaction of sale or pur-
chase, but made for borrowing money merely, and
endorsed for the sole accommodation of the borrow-
er. That great excesses have been committed in
operations of this kind, no man who has attended to
the transactions of trade can doubt; nor can any one
doubt that great evils arise from this source. En-
dorsement and suretyship, therefore, are the means
by which excessive and false credit is upholden.
And how is this endorsement obtained 1 This leads
us one step further in the inquiry. How is it that
persons continuing to carry on business after they
are really insolvent, and are suspected if not known
to be so, can procure others to endorse their paper i
Sir, we all know how it is. It is by promising to
secure endorsers at all events. It is by giving an
assurance that, if the party stops, a preference shall
be made, and the favored creditors shall be his en-
dorsers. Hence it is quite general, perhaps almost
universal, that when an insolvent assigns his prop-
erty for the benefit of his creditors, he classifies his
creditors, and puts endorsers into the first class.
This has become a sort of honorary law. A man
that disregards it is in some measure disgraced.
We hear daily of honorary debts, and we hear re-
proaches against those who, being insolvent, have
yet pushed on, in the hope of retrieving their af-
fairs, until, when failure does come, (and come it
does, sooner or later,) they have not enough left to
discharge these honorary obligations. Now, at the
bot om of all this is preference. The preference of
one creditor to another, both debts being honest, is
allowed by the general rules of law; but is not al-
lowed by bankrupt laws. And this right of prefer-
ence is the foundation on which the structure rests.
On the legal right or power of preference lies the
promise of preference.
On the promise of preference lies endorsement.
On endorsement lies excessive and false credit.
On excessive and false credit lies over-trading.
This, sir, is the regular stratification. If we strike
out preference, we shall knock away the foundation
slone; and this bill will strike it out.
If this bill shall pass, every endorser who shall
not take previous security will see that, in case of
failure, he can no longer be protected or preferred,
but must come in for his share, and his share only,
with other creditors. And this is right. For one,
I have always thought that, if any difference were
to be made, endorsers should be paid last—because
they come in as volunteers, they profess to run a
risk. They are not giving credit in the common
way, as other persons do who sell on trust, in the
ordinary way of business, and in order to earn their
livelihood. Bat they assume a voluntary responsi-
bility ; and why should they be preferred to the gro-
cer, the tailor, or the butcher, who has only dealt in
the common way of his trade, and has not volun-
teered to give any trust or credit whatever 1 Well,
sir, will not endorsement stay its hand when this
bill shall have taken away all power of preference i
Will not men hesitate, more than they now do, about
lending their names, when they find that, in case of
failure, they must come in for neighbor's fare with
all other creditors 1   I think they will.
And, sir, if there be less of endorsement, there
will be less of fictitious credit and less of over tra-
ding. Every man's business will be brought down
so much the nearer to his own property, his own
capital, and his own means. And if every trading
man's business be brought down to some nearer pro-
portion to his own capital and his own means, does
not this diminish the probability of his failure-?
Certainly it does ¡ and therefore whoever deals with
him and trusts him is not so likely to lose his debt.
There will be more general security in giving cred-
its ; and, therefore, I say that if you take away the
power and practice of preference, you affect, to some
extent, false credit and over-trad, ng, and, by these
means, you give a security to the creditor, even in
the creation of his debt; and this is one advantage
to the whole class of creditors to be expected from
this bill. It is a general advantage, and its precise
amount cannot be stated ; but it is a clear advantage
■Kjwrtlieless.
But there is a second, and a still greater advan-
tage.
Mr. President, allow me to ask, what is that fea-
ture—the culpable feature—which we most often
see in the insolvencies which take place among the
trading classes 1 What is that which there is the
more frequent occasion to regret and to reprehend'?
Is it not, that the party has gone on too long"? Is it
not, that after he knew himself to be really insol-
vent—that is, after he knew he had not property
enough left to pay his debts—instead of stopping,
and winding up his concerns, he has ventured still
deeper, and made his ultimate case thereby still
more desperate 1 Under the present state of law,
this happens quite too often. I am afraid it will be
found, on inquiry, that failures are generally worse
in this country than elsewhere; that is to say, that
generally the amount of assets is less in proportion
to the amount of debts.
And, in my opinion, the present state of the law
encourages and produces this very result. For, sir,
let me ask, what will a man naturally do, who has
been unfortunate, and has sustained such losses as
to bring his property below his debts, while this is
known to himself and not known to others 1 If he
stops and surrenders, however honestly and fairly,
he cannot be sure of a discharge, and the unpaid
balance may keep him a pauper for life. On the
other hand, he sees that another voyage, another
speculation, some new turn of fortune, may possi-
bly relieve him, and bring him out a man of prop-
erty.
On one side, poverty for life is his only prospect,
and only destiny—so far, at least, as the law allows
him any ground of hope; and on the other, there is
some chance of escape. Now, sir, I will ask any
sensible man, if a state of law could be devised more
likely to encourage headlong enterprise and rash
speculationi Can you place a man in a condition
wheie he will be more likely to throw himself upon
desperate chances, and to plunge deeper and deeper?
We are not without experience on this point, and
much instruction may be gathered from one memo-
rable instance. The"great fire in New York is sup-
posed to have destroyed property to the amount of
twenty or twenty-five millions of* dollars, in houses,
warehouses, and merchandise. But nobody failed.
This is a fact full of admonition. I pray attention
to it. Nobody failed, notwithstanding this immense
loss of property. And what was the reason"? No
one doubts that hundreds were rendered deeply in-
solvent by this so extensive calamity. Why, then,
did they not stop 1 The answer is, that the extent
of their losses was, in many cases, known only to
themselves, and they concealed their own true con-
dition. And they had strong motives so to do. If
thev announced themselves insolvent and .stopped,
nothing was before them and their families for their
whole lives but poverty and distress. On the other
hand, there was a possibility of hope that, if they
could maintain their credit, they might, by extreme
exertion and extreme good fortune, extricate them-
selves. On the strength of that hope, slight as it
was, they buoyed themselves up, and tried to stem
the current which was carrying them, notwithstand-
ing all their struggles, to utter and desperate bank-
ruptcy. They paid exoibitant interest for money ;
they suffered themselves to be j'ewed in every dark
alley in the city; they sacrificed every thing to
maintain their credit, and, in the end, when every
thing else was gone, credit went also. And when
they finally failed, where was the fund for dividend
to creditors 1 Why, sir, it had gone to the pocket
of the capitalist; it had been devoured by the vora-
city of usury. I know of one instance in which a
merchant paid more than fifty thousand dollars, ex-
tra and unlawful interest, for the purpose of up-
