«16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th Cowo...~..1st Sets.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Jane, lt4o.
Senate.
against the whole bill. He thinks eastern creditors
of western debtors will be endangered, because State
Legislatures, in States where debtors live, as well as
commissioners, assignees, &c., will have all their
sympathies on the side of the debtors. Why, sir,
Sate Legislatures will have nothing to do with the
matter, under this bill; and, as to the rest, how is it
now 1 Are not creditors now in the power of local
.administrations, aifected, in all respects, by these
same sympathies! Are there no instances, indeed,
and is there no danger of laws, staying process, em-
barrasing remedies, or otherwise interrupting the
regular course of legal collection 1 For my own
part, I cannot doubt that a New York merchant,
learning that his debtor in the south or west was in
insolvent or failing circumstances, would prefer
that his affairs should be settled in bankruptcy, in
the courts of the United States, much sooner than
that he should settle them himself, paying whom
he pleased, and disposing of his property according
to his own will, or under the administration of the
insolvent laws of the State.
The gentleman seemed to fear that, if western
traders may make themselves bankrupts, New York
merchants will be shy of them, and that western
credit will be impaired or checked. Perhaps there
would be no great harm, if this should be so. A
little more caution might not be unprofitable; but
the answer to all such suggestions is, that the bill
applies only to cases of insolvents—actual,real insol-
vents ; and when traders are actually insolvent, the
sooner it is known the better, nine times out of ten.
Nor do I feel any alarm for our mercantile credit
abroad, which has awakened the fears of the gentle-
man. What can foreign merchants suppose better
for them than such an administration of the effects
of debtors here, as that, if there be foreign creditors,
they shall be sure of a just and equal dividend,
without preference either to creditors at home or
endorsers'? It is not long since, in some of the
States—I hope it is not so anywhere now—that
creditors within the State had preference over credi-
tors eat of it. And, if we look to other countries,
do we find that well-administered systems of bank-
ruptcy enfeeble or impair mercantile credit ? Is it
so in regardto England or to France 1
The honorable member feels alarm, too, lest the
banks should be great sufferers under the operation
of this bill. He is apprehensive that if it shall pass,
very many debtors ol the banks will become bank-
rupts, pay other creditors more or less, and pay the
banks nothing. Sir, this is not according to my
observation. Bank debts are usur'lv preferred
debts, because they are debts securea oy endorse-
ment. But, by mentioning the case of the banks,
the gentleman has suggested ideas which I have
long entertained, and which I am glad of this oppor-
tunity to express briefly, though I shall not dwell
on them.
Sir, a great part of the credit of the country is
bank credit. A great part of all endorsement and
suretyship is bank endorsement and bank surety-
ship. I do notspeak particularly of the great cities:
I speak of the country generally. Now, endorse-
ment, as I have already said, rests on the idea of
preference. And if we take away preference, do
we not diminish bank endorsement and bank accom-
modation 1 And do we not, in this way, act di rectly
on the quantity of bank paper issued for circula-
tion 1 Do we not keep the issues of paper nearer
to the real wants of society ! This view of the
case might be pressed and amplified. There is
much in it, if I am not mistaken. For the present,
I only suggest it; but he who shall consider the sub-
ject longest and deepest, will be most thoroughly
convinced that in this respect, as well as others, the
abolition of preference to endorsers will act bene-
ficially to the public.
The immediate motion before the Senate, Mr.
President, does not justify a further extension of
my observations on this part of the case. My ob-
ject has been to prove that this bill is not one-sided—
is not a bill for debtors only; but is what it ought to
be—a bill making just, honest, and reasonable pro-
visions for the distribution of the effects of insolvents
among their creditors; and that the voluntary part
of the bill alone^ecures all these principal objects,
because, in the great and over-ruling motive of ob-
taining a discharge, it holds out an object to debtors
who know themselves to be involventto stop to stop
seasonably, to assign honestly, and to conform in
good faith to all the provisions intended for the
security of their creditors,
SPEECH OF Mr* CLAY,
OP KENTUCKY,
In Senate, June 4,1840.—Onhis motion to strike out
the compulsory part of the Bankrupt Bill.
Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, said that the portion of
the debate on this measure, which he had the bene-
fit of hearing, and he learnt that the residue of it,
(what he had regretted that he had bee nprevented
by indisposition from profiting by,) had been con-
ducted with good temper, ability, and dignity. Per-
haps, if he had been able to Ifsten to the whole, he
would not now trespass upen the attention of the
Senate, but he promised net to detain it long.
The power invested iiyCongress by the Constitu-
tion (continued Mr. Clay) to establish uniform
laws upon the subject of bankruptcies throughout
the United States, is a feature in the scheme of the
General Government somewhat at variance with
its general character. Its predominant principle
is, with only a few exceptions, to assume the regu-
lation of the general concerns of the whole Union,
and to leave to the respective States the care of
local or particular interests. The States retain the
power of providing for the transfer and succession
of property of all kinds, and for the enforcement
of the obligations and duties incident to all private
relations, including that of creditor and-debtor. In
the few instances in which the Federal Judiciary
is charged with jurisdiction over the latter relation,
the object is tc secure an impartial administration
of the laws of the several States themselves, rather
than the Federal laws.
The motive with the convention which formed
the Constitution for engrafting this power in it was,
to secure uniformity in the bankrupt laws prevail-
ing throughout the United States. Now, I do not
think that this motive was sufficient to authorize
the delegation of the power. There is no greater
necessity for it than there is for uniformity in other
matters, which unquestionably belong exclusively
to State legislation. The States decide what shail
be the subjects of property, how it shall be alienated
during life, or distributed after death; what shall
bs taken by, or exempted from, creditors on execu-
tion ; and to what State or local taxes it shall be
liable. The laws of the States are various on
these subjects, and no great inconvenience has been
practically experienced from this variety. None
would have resulted from the passage of different
bankrupt laws in the several States. At least, the
advantage of uniformity is more than counterbal-
anced by the difficulty and disadvantage of adapt-
ing Federal legislation to the various wants and
peculiarities of twenty-six States. If, therefore,
the question now was, whether it be expedient or
not to confer on Congress the power, 1 should vote
in the negative.
I shall attempt no precise definition of the phrases
bankruptcy and insolvency which are certainly
generally used, in the vernacular language, in a
synonymous sense. I prefer to describe the proper-
ties or qualities of each system. That of insol-
vency requires a full surrender of all the property
and credits of the debtor, takes the administration
of them out of his hands, distributes them by a
third party among his creditors, and, finally, after
an honest compliance with the provisions of the
system, exonerates the person of the debtor from
all arrest or imprisonment on account of pre exist-
ing debts. The system does not, it is generally
supposed, discharge his future acquisitions from
liability. The bankrupt system too exacts a full
surrender of the property and credits of the debtor,
takes the administration of them out of his hands,
confides the distribution ot them amongst his credit-
ors to a third party, and, finally, alter an honest and
faithful compliance with the requirements of the
system, exonerates both the person of the debtor
from all arrests and imprisonment, and his future
acquisitions from all liability on account of all
debts and contracts existing at the period of the
commission of the act of bankruptcy.
Thus, it will be perceived that, on most points,
there is a strong resemblance between the two
systems. The essential and characteristic differ-
ence between them is, that the system of insolvency
does not, or rather is supposed to be incompetent
to, grant; whilst the bankrupt system can confer, an
effectual discharge of the debtor from all pre-exist-
ing debts and obligations. That imcompetency of
the States to provide, in their systems of insolvency,
for such a discharge, is supposed to result from
that prohibition to the States, in the Constitution of
the United States, against their passage of any law
impairing the obligation of contracts,
If the several States could pcu,.i constitutional
laws of bankruptcy adapte^, to their respective
wants and conditions, I should be averse to the ex-
ercise of the power by the General Government.
But the States have voluntarily imposed on them-
selves restraints, and tied their'hands.
Mr. President, power and duty are often synony-
mous. The possession ol the exclusive power to
pass laws on the subject of bankruptcies by the
General Government, draws after it a high and
responsible obligation and duty to the States, to the
Union, and to the people, the performance of which
that Government is not at liberty to e''ide or neglect.
The right of the Slate (I use the term in its broad-
est sense) to the use of the unimpaired faculties of
its citizens as producers, as consumers, and as de-
fenders of the commonwealth, is paramount to any
rights or relations which can be created between
citizen and citizen. But an honest and unfortunate
debtor, borne down by a hopeless mass of debt,
from beneath which he can never rise, is prostrated
and paralyzed, and rendered utterly incapable of
performing his duties to his family or his country.
To say nothing of the dictates of humanity; no-
thing of the duties of a parental Government to
lift up the depressed, to heal the wour.ds, and cheer
and encourage the unhappy man who sees in the
past, without his fault, nothing but ruin and em-
barrassment, and, in the future, nothing but gloom
and despair, I maintain that the public right of the
State, in all the faculties of its members, moral and
physical, is paramount to any supposed rights
which appertain to a private creditor. This is the
great principle which lies at the bottom of all bank-
rupt laws, and it is this which gives to the States
the right to demand the passage, and imposes upon
Congress the duty of enacting a bankrupt system.
The number of bankrupts now in the United
States has been estimated, by respectable authority,
as high as five hundred thousand, and, with their
families and connexions, the total number of all
who are interested in the passage of a bankrupt
system, has been stated as large as two millions. I
hope and believe that this is an exaggerated esti-
mate. But the number is undoubtedly very great,
be it what it may; and it comprehends manykof our
most active, enterprising, and intelligent citizens.
Who can think of them without the liveliest sym-
pathy in their present hopelefs condition! With-
out being irresistibly prompted to exercise all the
powers with which we are constitutionally invested,
to raise them up from the depths of despair in
which they lie, and bring them back to the enjoy-
ment of life, the support of their families, and the
service of their country !
In the execution of many of the powers of this
Government—certainly in the exercise of the bank-
rupt power, improvidently, as I think, granted—we
should constantly bear in mind the distribution of
legislative authority, in the United States, between
the several States and the General Government. In
England and in France, all the powers of legisla-
tion are concentrated in Parliament or in the Cham-
bers. Whenever, therefore, either of those legisla-
tive bodies undertakes to pass a bankrupt system, it
must provide, by the minutest details, ior the lights
of both creditors and debtors, or no provision will
exist for them. But it is otherwise in the United
States. Here, the powers of legislation are divided
between the States and General Government; and
that of the States is competent to make full and ade-
quate provision for al I the interests of both creditors
and debtors, except in the sole matter of granting
an effectual discharge to the debtor. The States
can enact, and most of them have enacted, suitable
laws, by which all the property and credits of the
debtor can be reached, surrendered, and distributed,
and frauds and fraudulent transfers effectually
guarded against. The very section which I have
moved to stiike out, embracing compulsory bank-
ruptcies, is, I understand, a substantial copy from
the insolvent system of one of the States. There is,
therefore, no necessity for Federal legislation in be-
half oí the creditor. His rights are secured by the
laws of the States. But, if I should be convinced
that the States have not fully legislated for him,
and are incompetent to make full prevision for his
case, I am ready to concur in the passage of any
just law, within the power of Congress, to render lo
him complete justice. For no one is more sensible
than I am of the delicacy and caution with which
the relation of debtor and creditor should be touch-
ed, nor of the duty of guarding the legitimate inter-
ests of both parties. But, whatever the Slates are
authorized to do in relation to their rights, they
