Juh* 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Clay of Ky.
sir
Senate.
should be left yj^rlorní, as being better judges  '
than Congress is of t'*; local warns and necessities
of their respective communities.
Tin* distribution of the powei of legislation in
our svs'e ¡is of Government, surge-sis, the) afore, i he
iu!e which I think ought to govern the Senate, and
which will guide me, in carrying into effect the
power delegated to Congress io pass bankrupt
laws. That rule is, that t.ie extent of the measure of
federal l-~gi.< ilion sheuU be limited by Hie extent of
tke deficiency of State authority to pmide for the
exigency. But ihe States have provided, or can pro-
vide, for the creditor. As I have already shown,
their systems 91 insolvency cover all the ground oc-
cupied by a bankrupt law, except in one particular.
Pirhap-i, also, the s'tat-.-s canno; destroy fair and
bona fide preferences created by the debtor, and en-
force an equal distribution of his effects among ail
his creditors, without respect to liens, or the dignity
or priority of debts. But it is far from being entirely
cenain that such a power ought tc be exercised, if
it be possessed by Congress. Against prospective
preferences or liens it is equally competent both
to Federal and State legislation to pnvide.
Seeing, therefore, that the States have provided,
orean provide, all pmper remedies for the enforce-
ment of the rights and' the security of the interests
of the creditor, I am not aware oí' the necessity of
auv legislation in hi« behalf by Congress. But the
S ales cannot authorize—a' least the general im-
pression is thai they cannot authorize—an effectual
difcharge of an houest debtor from all his existing
debts, after he shall have made a fair and full sur-
render of al! his effects. Hence the necessity, and
the exact c.r'ent of the necessity, of Federal legisla-
tion. Ii ihe insolvent laws in all ihe Stales were
uniform, it would then only be necessary for Con-
gress to pass a short ac!, with a single seclion, de-
c'aring that, in all instances where the deb'or had
honestly and faithfully complied with the provisions
oí the insolvent act, he should be entitled to a dis-
charge. The power vested in Congress being, lo
pass uniform laws, and the insolvent laws of the
Siatesnotpossessmgthat requisite quality,it becomes
necessary for Congress to establish a system, in de-
tail, to operate alike throughout the United States.
It is upon this, as well as other grounds, that I
was opposed to including corporations in this bill,
and voted to strike them out. Generally, their capi-
tal and their existence are identical; and, after the
seizare and distribution of their effects, they would
be defunct, and there would be no occasion for that
discharge, which constitutes, it seems lo me, the
sole motive for Federal legislation in the case of
individuals.
But there are other, and more weighty, consid-
erations for excluding corporations from the bill.
If you begin with one class of them, you must fol-
low the principle of iheir insolvency, upon which
you profess to act, into all other classes to which it
will carry yon ; and if you do not pursue it, when
it is once established, our successors will be sure to
follow it. Yon begin with the banking incorpora-
tions. They have incurred your displeasure. You
pronounce them insolvent, and you would put them
down. But, if the non-payment of debts by that de-
scription of corporations justly subjects them to the
operation of a bankrupt system, the failure of any
other corporations to discharge their debts would
also bring them within its operation. All incorpora-
ted turnpike companies, all railroad companies, all
manufacturing companies, all incorporated reli-
gious and literary institutions— the Virginia James
River Compariy, the Chesapeake and Ohio C?nal
Company,the Baltimore and Ohio Railioad Compa-
ny—in short, all incorporations, for any purpose
whatever, which happened to suspend pa, ment of
their debts, would be brought with in the operation of
this system. Indeed  the clause, relating to incorpo-
rations, which has been stricken out, if it had been re-
tained,according to the vote of a considerable num-
ber of Senators, would have comprehended the
James River Company, the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Co npany, and the Baltimore and Ohio ttail-
roatl Company; each of which, ii I have been right-
ly informed, ha? issued paper, circulating to some
extent as currency, which is not redeemed in specie.
Limited to banks, what an immense mass o! debts
acd effects would be transferred from the State to
Federal jurisdiction ! Extended to all incorpora-
tions which might be drawn wilhin its scope, the
imagination can hardly conceive the amount of
property and debts which would be so transferred.
It would be many hundreds of millions of dollars.
Bat, vast as the amount would be, it would b? noth-
ing in comparison to the political effects upon ihe
cha racier of our system> of Government, which
would result from such a substitution of the Federal
to the loen! jurisdiction. Such an exercise of power,
by a single step, would make a greater and more
alarming progress towards consol ida'ion than all
other measures together, which have been proposed
or adopted since the origin of the Government, to
which ihe imputation of that tendency has been
made. I am not prepared to take such a frightful
step.    I shudder at the mere contemplation of it.
Mr. President, I mean to express no opinion, poo
or era, on the question, whether the bankrupt power
in the Consiitution does, or does not, comprehend
an authority in Congress to include corporations. I
neither deny nor admit the existence of that authori-
ty. And I express no opinion; because, if there
were a clear and definite grant of such an authority,
1 should be decidedly opposed to ils exercise, since,
in my deliberate judgment, there is no occasion—
none whatever—for its exercise by this Govern-
ment. Or, I should rather say that the States them-
selves are much more competent than Congress is
to exercise all necessary and proper jurisdiction
over corporations, and lh?t the assumption of a ju-
risdiction over them by Congress wou'd be incal-
culably dangerous, alarming, and mischievous.
Corporations are artificial beings, created by the
States according 10 their respective views of their
own local policy and interests. They know when it
is best to make or abolish them. And to them
should be left^undisturbed, the power of compell-
ing these corporations to fulfil all the purposes of
iheir creation, and to perform all the duties and ob-
ligations which appertain to them.
Assuming the necessity of terminating the exist-
ence of these corporations, winding up their affairs,
and administering their effects, which is the best
system—that, provided for by this bill, or that which
the States might choose to apply 1 What is the sys-
tem of the bill 1 It proposes, upon the occurrence
of specified acts of bankruptcy, to seize all the ef-
fects of the corporation, and to place them, in the
first instance, in the hands of a receiver appointed
by a. federal tribunal, from whom they are after-
wards to be passed over to assignees. Neither the
receiver nor assignees are required to give any se-
curity whatever for the safe custody and faithful
application of the effects. What receiver or as-
signee, indeed, could possibly find adequate securi-
ty for the millions, of which the capital of some
banks consists, and which would be confided to
their care 1 Have we not been sufficiently taught,
by sad experience, that it is utterly unsafe to intrust
such immense sums with any individual ■? What
would a receiver or assignees do wiih the stupen-
dous works of the James River Company, the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, or the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company 1
In many of the incorporations, the several States
have, as shareholders,made large investment*. In
some, they are the exclusive owners of the banks.
How would they like to see the debts and effects of
those banks wrested from their possession, and ad-
ministered by a receiver or assignees appointed by
Federal authority 1
Looking, therefore, merely to fitness and propri-
ety, 1 have no hesitation in expressing my thorough
conviction that it would be an unwise and perilous
exercise of iederal authority 10 assume jurisdiction
over State corporations, so as to terminate their ex-
istence and administer their effects, if they were
expressly comprehended in the grant of the bank-
rupt power. I think that their control and man-
agement, and the distribution of their funds, can be
far better effected by the respective States which
have created them, than by the legislation of the
Federal Government. And the great and controll-
ing motive of granting to the honest and unfortu-
nate debtor an "effectual discharge, without which I
should be opposed to any legislation by Congress on
the subject of bankruptcies, has no application
whatever to corporations.
1 will now saya few words on the particular
amendment which I have submitted, to strike out
the section which provides for the case of compul-
sory or involuntary bankruptcies. Three consider-
ations appear to me to unite in recommending the
adoption of thgt amendment. 1st. Such a coercive
syslem is opposed to the habits and genius of the
country. It might answer for the large commercial
cities, but is not adapted to other parts of the coun-
try. In large portions of the Union ihe interior
merchant and trader are accustomed 10 give exten-
sive credits, Availing for payment unii1 the farmer
or planter realizes the sales of his growing crop.
But the uncertainly of the seasons and the markets
frequently occasions disappointment in the collec-
tion of debts of the most undoubted character.
Hence the merchant may be disabled punctually to
comply with his engagements, although his ulti-
mate ability is beyond all doubt. And it would te
a case of extreme hardship to divest him, on ac-
count of a temporary delinquency, without his
fault, of the careful and prudent management of his
own property, and transfer it to the custody of a
receiver or assignees, whose chief solicitude might
be their own commissions and fees.
Any bankrupt system, originating with Congress,
is an experiment." It has been forty years since
one was enacted, and it had but a short and unsatis-
factory existence I think, therefore, that, in re-
newing it, we had better begin with a simple prin-
ciple, clear and well defined, and in respect to
which all are united.
2dly. All the acts specified in the compulsory
section proposed to be stricken out, as evidence of
bankruptcy, are already provided for by the laws
of seme oí ihe States, and are susceptible of pro-
vision by all the S'ates.
And, 3dly. If the involuntary system be desira-
ble, it ought not to be included" in this bill, but
should be introduced in a separate bill, as was pro-
posed by the majority of the Judiciary Committee.
All who are in favor of any bankrupt bill are agreed
as to the voluntary class; and the Senate, by a vote
almost unanimous, decided to give it the most
comprehensive extent. But they do not concur ns
to the involuntary class. There is great division
of opinion among the friends of some bankrupt
system as to the propriety of rendering it coercive.
Why, then, confound the two classes together in
the same bill ? Why not let each stand by itself,
on ifc own merits, in dittinct bills'? Why combine
an uncontested principle with one which is doubt-
ful and contested 1 Is it right to make a right mea-
sure drag a disputed one through the Senate 1 Do
not the friends of the involuntary principle, by m-
sisiing on the union of the two, demonstrate that
their purpose is to defeat a bill altogether, or that
they are unwilling to subject their principle to the
test of its own unassisted merits?
I think that the bill ought to be limited to the
voluntary class exclusively. It has been argued
that in that case, it would be a mere insolvent law.
Not so, if I am right in supposing that the charac-
terstic difference between a system of insolvency
and a system of bankruptcy is the discharge of tire
debtor.         ,"."
It has been further argued by the Senator from
South Carolina, (Mr. Calhoun,) that the power
granted in the Constitution must be interpreted to
apply only to failing debtors—to^acts which indicate
bankruptcy, and not to cases wnere bankruptcy has
actually occurred. It will be recollected that when,
at the instance of a creditor, a proceeding in bank-
ruplcy is commenced, in consequence of any one
ot the acts of bankruptcy specified in the bill, the
debtor is allowed to controvert the actual feet of
bankruptcy, and have it tried and decided in the
mode provided for in the bill.
Now, it would be most strange if a constitutional
rower were granted to act upon the mere evidence—
perhaps deceptive evidence—of bankruptcy, and
were denied to act on the indisputable fact oí' bank-
ruptcy itself, after it had confessedly occurred.
Directly the reverse of the argument asserted would
be much more plausible. The power deals with
bankrupts. It is a power to establish uniform laws
upon the subject of bankruptcies. It might, there-
fore, be maintained, with some plausibility, that the
fact of an actual bankruptcy must exist before the
power attaches. But laws which provide for bank-
ruptcies notoriously existing, and for those acts
which are supposed to denote their existence, both
proceed upon the idea of insolvency; and I enter-
tain no doubt that the power in the Constitution
delegates an authority to Congress to legislate for
both classes.
These, Mr. President, are my sentiments upon
the bill under consideration.   It is a measure im-
ploringly solicited by large portions of our country-
men, and theonlv measure of gencrnl relief which,
in the present posture of parlies and public affairs,
I   can be passed bv Congress.    I have purposely ah-
lj stained, on this occasion, from any inquiry into the
i| causes which have produced or augmented the dis-
i   tress and bankruptcy which nnhappdy prevail; be-
sí cause I wished to excite no feelings, and to make
ii no reproaches, which might have a tendency to en*
9*
