April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th CoNt ....lsr Sess.
825
Cumberland Road—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
t on. invaluable internal yet perfectly national, improvement.
To tins I could not reconcile my judgment or mi fielings
Ami (he remark* 1 propose now to maka will explain, both to
the friends «ml the opponents of this read, the leasons which go
rerned me in my vote asmnst that proposmon.
The quesuon before us tson the passage of the bill, in its pre-
eeit farm appropriating «75,000, to be expended in each of those
three Simes timing tli. piesent year Shall wo appropriate
82*5,000 for the Cumberland road with.ri the present yearl
My reasons lor stating ihe quesuon in this form will be apparent
to those who «ill condescend to listen to ma
I have brought mysell to the clear and undoubting conviction
that it is not mv duty to vote lor the appropriation And as this
conclusion iloes not contorm to my previous votes, I desire to
BUiethe grounds on which I do not, and those on which I do rest
myjust tication. This is due to many ot my own immediate
constituents, who have thought it proper to observe my conduct,
but much more due to my prolessed regard for constitutional
principles, anda wise "mid eionomtrai administration of the
Government And, insiinificint as 1 or any member of this
body may be, he is not, and cannot be unimportant, n his actum
and his votes, Ui'oa any question which affects the constitu-
tional construction, or the present policy and future destiny of
the country
In snewermg this inquny, I have to say—
1 That I have no difficulty as to our constitutional power. I
differ on this point lrom many of the opponents of this bill,
with whom I 6tnll vote I believe the power to appropriate
money for internal improvements exists I derive uiy convic-
tions on tl n subject, in the fii st place, from the language of the
Constitution, from sever*! of the powers which aie not only
contened upon this Gavei nment, but, as I believe, solemnly en-
join  J upon it.
I do not now, for it would be impertinent, enter upon the
argument Myobuct is to prevent a misconstruction ol my
vote tn regard io the p iicip'e I believe that we are at per-
fect liberty to pass ihH bill, and, in my opposition to it, de-
Fire not tobe muund. rs ood as putting our light in dispute,
11 far as I am concerne I. ] ie¿ard this question, in the pre
sent case, as one of expediency, rather than of consU.uaon.il
po*er
Bit I derive my convictions, in the secan I place, from our
relations to thisTern'oiv—under the grants from tie ¡state* ol
the land* northwest of the Ohio, undT the orthnarce of 17S7,
uimIt the terms of admission to the Union of Ohio, Indiana,
aidPhn Hand our abeolTe i ght and proprietoishipof much
of the sul within those S'a'c, as thtse topics have been ex-
p'ai.ed and illustrated by he senators from New Yoik and
Mirs-chosets [Mr Wkiobj and Mr Wbbsteh.] though Uiey
differed as to he reasons which most prevailed with their
judgments. I concur wuh both, <o a great extent I riifier
from both on soi.e interior points But I reltr Senators
to their arguments, as giving a salisfac.or view of our right
ti expend the monev of the nation on this road. I only de-
sire lo say that I sha ! not vo'e azainst ihis bill, because I be
heve thai I nave no legal and constitutional right thus to ex-
pend it.
I ought, perhaps, to. add that I utterly deprecate the modern
notion by which Ihe power has been limited. When reason
thai! resume its sway on such questions, freed from personal
devotion to men and party symiaibies, this notion will, I hope,
be regarded as the hisheet point of polncal absurdity and po-
p liar delusion. I allude to th: doctrine that such m'crnal ím-
pr Yemenis as this most invaluable road are not embraced
w'thm our power , but thatwemay expend the public money
onnvers, lakes, &c provide 1 ll-ne be a port of entiy orde
poste above the point of the improvement. II experience had
not taught me o'herwisa, I shou'd believe that no man,conver
Bint with our C msutunon and laws, could become its advocate,
unless his mind war, to some degree, afl'ecu d in its action by his
devntion to men, because, in fie in egnty of his heart, he be-
1 ered that thegcneial chartcter of the |o'tlical opinions o' him
or them who promulgated it, war, m thejmain, cor.ect and be-
neficalto thecountry Hemustyieldto the particular absurdity,
in order to su tain the general policy ol those whom he sap
ported What is this doctrine, when stripped of the par y
aspect? Its common sense is neither more nor less than this
That the power to expend money upon roads canals, rivers,
Ac arises fiom the pe>wer lo regulate commerce, that ihis
posens confined, so faras these expenditures are concerned,
w the collection of the rev. nu:', that this revenue is roderted
from customs, at all ports of entry and deposite, and, therefore,
that we must be coi.fined to those parts of streams which lie
below such ports' In o her words, that we may create a port
of entry or deposite where we please, even at ihe head spring
of a stream, and, ha vug done this, the constitutional powei
arises, to expend as muc i money as we please, below such
port, no matter on what bay , «r creeks, or brookr, we may lo
CAts'hem. T>us, m i n eie brook, or at the head «prnig of
oaa of our rive s, we may in virtue of our high conct t iiional
power, create a port, and then set ourselves to vvo k to clear out
ties' cam, or make ruad, to it Within th^last ten ye? < shave
eirrtau! onil | o*eis been thus denied When piescnt pirty
coatíes pa's away, rIw p u the Sena'.or who will man.lain
tlr-m! And where u hi who will consi'era crtek ni Uno as
within ot r en isiituti m l benovolerco, w1 i'e the D-'laware is
ejc'uJed! Fur I minol foic~t tliat an ap,iropilap. n lor 'lie
latter was vloh-J, while one for the former was reg^rdtd as
ijirieconst'tutiopa!
The Scute will perceive that I have no difficulty in votiti 
for this bi I fio.n ai v u' irci> >' « a= to cji Gtltu lonal r< '-v"«-r In
f-e -*cot d place, I ha.e no h > iin'y to this road Why, upon
v? a pnuuple or t eliog, erotral, local, or po lt.cal, shiu d I
fet! ho- il tj ' I cannot, lor invaelf asoisn any Oheismay
tuijcrture some one t<> winch I am mybelf in-tnsible It they
can It'all jive them crei'i', if not foi landor and fairness, at
1-a 1 for great lngcu'iuy T leonsmal plan and loiicy in repaid
tJ this road was njht II v as ransfetcrit with the cniatged views
of Wash n top, aTapj lica'.le ' j a great avei.ue frou the sea
board to the VVW I* gave biaxs* to the wildemtss. It has
crea ed wealth ai.d p^oi le. lis bei.efi's are not t be measured
by the two per cent fund, or any other fund K has tcia,)ted
and drawn to the Wtst multiti des who woald not hive gone
there wiihtmt it indhasbeeu one ol the most tfflcti e i tane
in the creaMon of Ihcvou^.g b H vtsoiuus Sia'cs in the valley ol
the Mi's  ^vpi. It ha  been woith hundreds of mulioiib to the
whole Viiioii
Nor,Mr President, doldreadiisbecoming useless on account
«f theageney of steam linon other lines of connection 1 et neen
b  Ean and Wss-. Mi>oh less do l tor that we sh 11 be
imntsiwpu.-hHforwMafoibeRockrMQ-n'ansar.d th Te,
rific ocean. I hope it will find its termination there, and rejoice
•n the anticipation, both of the blestiajs it will dispense and the
glory it will confer on the Government md nation Buch views
have from the beginning governed me m regard to it. I have
not heretofoie thought my duty fully discharged by merely
voting for the appropuations lor the road, but 1 have struggled
for it in debate My name is, I believe, to be found m its lavor in
every year ol my official lile as ¡senator My friend from South
Carolina (Mr Presto O will recollect, if other Senators may
have forgotten, how earnestly, on more than one occasion, I have
resisted his view  in legard to it. I shall on this o-caeion be
wi h him in my vote I have been its unilorm advocate, and am
now itsunwavenng friend.
Why, then, vo'e against it! My duty to myself and to the
friends of ihe road rcqums me to state the reasons, and this
shall/be briefly done, and must be done briefly, if at all, from
the difficulty which I stillfind,on account ol indisposition, in
addressing tl.c Senate
We are not now to decide whether this road shall be forever
surrendered. Its frends estimate too strongly the effect of a re-
fusal to make an appropriation for the pr sent year. The road
and its claims on the Government are not surrendered by such
refusal No appropriation was made last year. Yet those
laims were only postponed, and exist as strongly now as they
did then. Refuse the appropriation now, ard there will be, or
ought to be, delay on'y The claim and right will exist unim-
peached The obligatiors of the Government will conunue
unimpaired
I am not so intimately acquainted with, for 1 have not studied,
the political and party relations to this subject in the lour States
chiefly affected by it, as to justify me in making comments on
that aspect o< the case Ivor am I ca, ablet f estimating the in
fltiences which may now operate on members from them, or
ihe use which will or rmy be made of the votes which may
now be given I cannot indeed look round this chamber—see
the seats which are vacant, when the final question is about to
be taken—and recollect what hasoccurred in the debate, with
out perceiving that this question does, in some mode, operate
strangely upon this body Hut I cannot guide myself by these
symptoms And if I shall cross ihe jaih ot any, so be it—
whether of fu.ndor adversary, the act is mine, not tluirs. My
vote will be influenced to 6ome extent by the conduct of the Ex
eeutive, and the state of the Treasury The one I regard as
disingenuous, unfatrtiful, and leading to consequences which I
would resist. The other as unable to bear the appropriation
at this time.
This roid has been, for more than a quarter of a certury,
the steady object of annual appropnation It l  worthy of
this constant benefaction, and has been, year by year, lound
among the items in the estimates for the support of the Govern
ment in all the successive Administrations, until at last it came
to be regarded as one of the ordinary expenditures ol the Trea
sury Even dunng the times when the most false of all thepro-
fessions of economy ever u'tered to delude and mislead were im-
dosed on the nation, and when the power to make any work of
internal improvement was denied, andeverv thing else failed to
find favor, this road had its n guiar annual appropriations Last
yrar, I believe for the first time, it failed, by whose fault it is not
necessary for me to say. The Administiaiion had the power to
secure it. I, at least, anil most of my political friends, were not
in fault. Much less are we arewt rabie for the shameless and
unprincipled use which is said to nave been made of the fart in
the region through which the road funs Every Senator under-
stands this, and I desire to pass from it to other topics.
At the commencement of this session the President sent to ns
a message, in whic'i he referred to the condition of the Treasa-
ry—informed us that he had directed the estimates for the sup-
port of the Government to be strictly canvassed and reduced to
the lowest point consistent with the public interest Af er doing
this, he read us a lecture on economy, such an one as isnot to he
f nmd in any communication-lrom the Executive lo the legisla-
tive branch of the Government, in all its history, so far as my ob-
servation has extended He even trod in the footsteps of his
predecessor, and alluded to ihe veto on our extravagance, inn
mating regret that praciceforbado its use, as to the amount of
appropriations. The msinc rity of his language will appear
presently, unless he has found cause for repentance and conver-
sion.
But will the Senate lis'en to his language:
"To avoid this, (the cieanon of additional burdens and taxes.)
and to keep the expenditures within reasonable bounds, isa du
ty second only lu importance to the preservation of our national
character, and the protection of our citizens in thi ir civil ana po.
lineal rights. The creation in time ol peace of a debt likely to
become permanent, is an evil foi which there is no equnalent
The rapidity with which many of the States are apparently ap
proaching to this condition, admonishes us of our own dimes in
a mannet too impressive to be di^regai ded One, not the least
important, is to keep the Federal Government always in a con-
dition t<> discharcc, with east and vigor, its highert functions,
should Iheirexe cise be required by any sudden conjuncture of
public arlairs—a condition to which we are alwys exposed, and
which may occur when it is least expected To tin  end, it lw
indispensable that its finances si oul.l be nn'raimnelled, and its
resources, as far as piact cabK unencumbered Nocircum
stanct could piei-tntereaier ok acles to the accomplishment of
the3e vitally important onjec s than the creation of an onerous
national debt Our own experience, and al*o that of other na
tions, have demonstrated the unavoidab'e and fearful rapidity
wuh which a public debt is increased when the Government has
once surren leied itsell to the ruinous pracPce of supplying its
supposed necessities by new loans ** The struggle, tin efoie, on
our part, to be guicesMul, mua be made at the threshold To
make our efforts eflecl i ve, severe economy is necessary This is
the smestprovi ion fcr tie national welfare; and it is,at the
same time, the best preservative of the principles on which our
institutions rest Simplicity and economy in the affairs of Siaic
have never failed to chaste i ami invigorate Bepublican pnnci-
pies, while Iheoe have been astutely subverted by national pro.
digili y. order wha'everspetious pretexts it may have been lr-
troduced or fostered
' l'liesi, consideiations cannot be lost upon a people wi 
ave never been inattentive to the eflect of their policy upon
the institutions they have created for themselves but, at the
p-esfiit moment, their force is augmented by the necessity
Ahicli a dtxieafciiü revenue must impose The check lately
•lvenlo importations of articles subject to dutHs, the derange
ments in the operations of infernal trade, and, e ipeeia' ly, the
reduction gradually taking place in our tanfl of d ne«, all tend
materially to le-wn oar receipts, indeed, it is pioiebe'hatthe
dirm.utjQiresulurij from the last cause alone w.ll no. f&il
short of five million  of dollars in the year 1842. as the final re
duction of all dunes to twenty per cent, then takes effect. The
whole revenue then accruing from the customs, and from the
sales ol public lands, if not mor , will undoubtedly be wanted
to defray the necessary expenses of the Government, under the
most pi udent administration of its affairs These are ctrcum
stances (hat impose the necesbity of rigid economy, and re
quiie l s prompt and constant exercise. With the Legislature
rests the power and duty of so adjusfng the public expenditure
as to promote this end. By the provisions of the Constitution,
it is only in < onsequence of appropriations made by law that
money can be drawn fiom the Treasury, nu instance has oc
curred since the establishment of the Government, in which
the Executive, though a com ponent part of the legislative pow
er, has interposed an objection to an appropriation bill on the
sole ground of its extravagance Hi duty, in this respect, has
been considered fulfilled by requesting such appropriations
only as the public service may be reasonably expected to re
quire In the present earnest direction of the public mind to-
wards this subject, both the Executive and ihe Legislatuiehave
evidence of the strict responsibility to which they will be held;
and, while I am conscious of m  own anxious efforts to per-
form wuh fidelity th.s poruon of my public functions, it is a
s itislaction to me to be able to count on a cordial co-operation
from you."
After this modest, becoming, and candid lecture, the Stcre-
taiyofthe treasury «nds us the estimates; and, by his order,
tells us that the income of the Government will be 818,600,000,
and, with the money in the Treasury at the beginning of the
year, will amount at most, to 820,168,385—which will be all
that can be expended without the creation of a national debt.
He also sends us the estimates which are icgarded as necessary
for all objects within the year, and they amount to about
$.0,000,001; and he adds, by way of confii mation to the Presi
denttal lecture, • If Congress should make api ropnations tothe
extent desired by the different Departments," Ac
Now, sir, what do these pareTB mean? "If Congress make
appropriations to the extent desired," &c Then the Depart-
ments (in ether words, the Executive) do not desire any appro
pria'ioris beyond those which are sent, the items of which are
enumerated,and amount to the twenty milhors This appro-
pnation for the Cumberland road is rotamong them If, there-
foie, we pass this bill, we go beyond the means of the Govern-
ment, and we give that which the Executive declares it does
not want We force on the Government an expenditure which
the President and Secretary have exclude I, denounced as not
necessary, and against which we are warned, not with an
actual veto, but with expressions which sound like regret that
the practice would not permit it, and with a lecture on econo-
my, and an intimation that we shall be regarded as extravagant
and piodigal.
If this be not the plain meaning of these papers, official do-
cuments between the Departments of our Government have
become not the honest, s raightforward communications be-
tween public agents, seeking, or b"rand to seek, the public good,
and thai only, but the double dealing hypocrisy of parties seek-
ing to entrap each other.
And I now say to the mends of the bill, if you are disappoint-
ed, look to the true source of that disappointment. The Exe-
cutive has frowned upon the measure Had.it been embraced
in the estimates, and the President and Secretary had not pre-
pared to throw the blame of expenditures beyond our income
from themselves, and fasten it upon Congress, your fate might
and would hive been different The friends of this work
might have pursued their accus'omed course But they are
called upon to pause when they are not only to be denounced for
prodigality, but the confidence which then constituents may
repose in them is to be assailed, and their influence in support
of other great questions of constitutionality and expediercy
weakened.
Does any Senator suggest that this view exhibits either subj
servKney té Executive will, or fear of denunciation from the
advocates of power! He is in error. No one, here or else-
where, will probably accuse me of subserviency to Executive
dictation; but [ like to place responsibility in the proper quarter,
and do not choose, when I Can avoid it without injury to the
public interests, to permit mere contrivance, and calculation,
and cunning, to prevail so as to mislead popular opinion, and
do injustice to important principles in the concerns of the
Government.
As to the fear of denunciation, I have been too long accus-
tomed lo its venom to fetl much dread of it. My days of sen-
sibility on that point have passed, when I am called upon to
discharge my office Butthis idea is connected with both pub-
lic, and, if you please, party interest. The men in whom I
have confidence were dislodged from power more by the un-
founded and false imputations of extravagance than any other
cause; and the misrepresentation is kept up to thle hour, and
i housands are misled by it, even when the pub'ic records ehow
that those who are called extravagant and prodigal expended
only twelve millions per year, while ihoee professors of eco
nomy have expended in a single year three times that amount
Is it right that such men should preach economy, refuse to re-
commend necessary appropriations, induce others to unne
with a part of their friends, (font is manifest that a part only
ire to vote for this bill,) and then throw the blame on their op-
ponents? Yet, sir, I would not in the least be turned aside by
i his consideration, but leave to time the vindication of the pur-
noses of those who should best merit approbation, if I did not
find in the actual eondiiion of the Treasury a persuasive argu
ment in favor of the vote I shall give.
Let us look, for a moment, at that condition, and see what
are the inferences which we ought now lo draw from it.
Your who'e revenue for the year, according te the Secretary,
imounts to very little over twenty millions of dollars lte
estimates of the ordinary expenditures reach that sum win -
out this appropriation there will be not one cent to spare, even
iftbe anticipation of the receipt, shall be verifie.l I do not
believe that they will be verified The reetipts, thus far from
the customs and other sources, do not, a; 1 am Informed, J™« y
this hope. On the contrary, befóte Congress adjourns, we
shall discover necessity for a new loan The 6™™ '°™ '°i
rleht which we have iust craaled will be doubled or trebles
But su™«rn>Saw are without foundation on this point, ami
ttat wwSeEi th^"fill amount of twenty millions Ihe
who" evervtlollar,mustb expendedon thesubjectsembraced
m th f'esimltM of .be Secretary, and which weareadmon shed
not to exceed But, sir, are th¿re not other subjects on which
we mutt-v« have no alternative-en which we mustdir.c
monedo bHxp.nd.d1 , C«w. .v^d ijt, if¿ve would^ *nd
did not i
■w &"i£^id>**«k¿w m wh.D *tr «jm

