8S4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1S40.
86th Cono.".1st S¿;ss.
Treasury Notes—Mr. Habersham.
H. of Reps.
to u« the message and the report?   Did they deal fairly with '
us and the people, *h.3ii they warned us to keep witliiu the
Where is your Sub-Treasury bill? It has passed this body.
Il is before the House, and, as the President and his counsel-
lors, under the dictation of the Hermitage, have staked iheir
character  and success upon it, it mttst pass, and be put into
operation. Well, *vhat will this cost? vVe have calculation
of the salaries, sa'es, chests, vau'ts, íco. and they have amounted
to a moderate sum. I do not b- lieve them accurate. You
cannot, with all your economy—especially the economy of the
present day—put this lystem into lull and active operation for
much, if any, less than 9100,600. Others may differ from me,
and consider my opinion as extravagant. So be it. Make it
half that sum. Did not the Executive know, or believe, that
this was to be piovlded f*r"! Ur were they under the convic-
tion that the scheme had done well fbr popular effect, and its
actual execution might be postponed or evaded! If the iormer,
then this is an item beyond the estimates.
Again. The Senator from New Hampshire (Mr. Hubbard)
has urged upon us a bill to pay the losses in Florida by Indian
depredation?, A portion of the claims to be satisfied by that
hill, or by specific appropnations, are just, and, as an honest
Government, we cannot altogether reject the whole of them.
What they will amount to no man can foresee, but certainly
much beyond 8100,000 These we must provide for beyond the
estimates. There is, also, a bill to raise 1,500 troops, with their
officers, for special service in Florida. W hat will their support
amount tol The claim of Massachusetts reaches nearly to
«300,000; the precise sum, I believe, is •272,716 14, without in-
teres:. The number of the various and heavy drafts upon the
Treasuiy, from such large demands, I do not attempt to calcu-
late.
Then, how many private cliims and pension cases arc there?
And to what will they amount1 These are all beyond the esti-
mates, which we are told not to exceed. And perm it me here to
«ay that justice and good faith, and the wise and proper admi-
nistration of a Government of the people, demand, with irresisti-
ble urgency, that these claims, when honest, ought to be first sa.
tisfiei. I know that many false and base claims are exhibited.
This not only calls on us for caution and examination, but ren-
ders «ur duty none the less pressing in regard to these which are
just. So strong is my conviction on this point, that, if driven
to decide between paying the a and appropriating for a general
object, in which States are concerned, I should not hesitate lo
prefer Ire former and postpone the latter.
Is it not then perceived that many, and some of them large,
appropriations must be made for objects not within the esti-
mates? Whe.e, but by borrowing money, can we obtain the
means? Arid did not the Executive know this when the lectuie
on economy was read, and the estimates sent to us? There is
not, I beheTe, a single year in our history in which it has not
been the duty of Congress to expend ranuey beyond the esti-
mates, and they know it. And if we are compelled to appro-
priate for other objects beyond their calls, bow are we to get the
money? By reducing the amounts they ask for? Will they
consent to lessen our civil list? Will they diminish our burden-
some and, in some cases, most useless army of diplomatic
agents abroad? It Is not to be presumed that they and their
friends will support either. Will they lessen the appropriations
fbr the army? Can this be done, in the face of the difficulties
upon every part of our borders? It will not be attempted. On
the contrary, we have already one bill for the annual occupation
of Florida, and that is followed by another for fifteen hundred
additional troops. Besides, in the existing condition of our de-
fences, on every part of our borders, on the ocean and the land,
and with the aspect presented by our Indian and foreign rela-
tions, how can we assent to any diminution! Will you take it
from the navy? Shall we continue, as we have always done, to
support it by praises on its gallantry and glory, and by a nar-
row dispensation or our ffieanSTOTeirter-it «duiw , mmi gw  it.
substantial energy and strength? In our hour of danger, and
when its flag must be our bulwark and protection against insult
and devastation, we may led that in our hours of ease we have
forgotten ourfirstand highestduty. Do not, I entreat, lessen the
little that belongs to it.
How, I ask, in this state of things, shall we meet our absolute
wants? It can only be done by a uew loan. We have passed a
bill to issue Treasuiy notes, to make a loan, to create a debt for
five millions of dollars. Some one has said that our Treasury
is time replenished. How replenished.' Like the purse of any
other debtor—by borrowing It will enable us to .pay for the
present, butthe borrowed money must be returned. lam glad
that it it now openly avowed that the issue of Treasury notes is
the same in substance as making a loan—creating a national
debt. When, some three years ago, I so argued about it, I was
denounced through the countiy as basely misrepresenting the
facts, and slandering the Administration. The acting chair-
man now admits that they are one and the same thing—that
issuing five millions of l reasury notes is creating a debt of five
millions, to he hereafter paid as our revenues come io and ena-
ble us to do it. I have no confidence in the assertion that this
loan will be discharged by the end of the year. It is more
probable thai before the end of the session we Bhall be called
on to double or treble the amount of our loan—to increase
largely our debt. This is now.l think, the fourth year that we
have been borrowing, in this mode, to meet the expenses of the
Government; and of these loans there remained unpaid on the
firstof January last, «2,750,0.0—that is, our public debt was
to that amount. The present loan must be used to pay that
amount, and there will then remain only «2,250,000 for the use
ef the year. Will that answer? Will not the sources of ex-
pmditure to which I have referred demand-more, much more
than that sum?   I do not doubt it.
Look back to the last three years, and see what have been the
expenditures of this economy-loving and economy-practising
Administration. I ask the Senate to recollect the statement
made afaw days ago by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webstsk.]   I use it for illustration on this point, and refer to
the documents for its accuracy.   On the 1st January, 1837__
three years ago—there was in the Treasury about     #6,00,',000
Oa the 1st January, 1840, there was   •         -         .   1,666,000
„..•..,                 , Balance         •          •         - «4,114,000
This balance was, «f course, a part of iha revenue
which accrued previous to January, 1837, but which
has been expended in three years previous to 1340.
In addition to this, the fourth instalment payable to
the States has been retained and expended in the       t
same time, sav -         .          .         .                    •   9,000,000
ThvBmk of the United States has paid        ,          •   5.000,000
This also is expended.
And our existing debtdueon Treasury notes           -   2,7CO,000
In all about         -         -           «21,194,000
This makes about seven millions which this Administration
has expended in each one of the three last yeaie, over and above
all the receipts, incomes, and íevenuts of the Government.
Butthitis not all. I think the Senator fiom Massachusetts
omitted a very important item. It will be lecollected that, in
March, 1836, in coneeejuenco of the great fita ¡n New York,
Congress thought proper to suspend the payments of duty
bonds inthatcity. These bonds were for duties accruing and
payable in '35 and '36, and were thus a part of the revenues of
those years. But, in consequence of tho suspension of pay-
ment, they were not paid in '35 and '36, but a very Urge amount
of them was paid in '37, '38, and '39. What this amount was
I could not this morning lay my hands on the papéis and docu-
ments necessary to show with any accuracy. But,it was very
large—amounting to several millions. This, too, has been ex-
pended. And when it is added to the sums before staled, it will
appear that the Government has, for three years, expended in
eace and every year between eight and tine millions—in all,
between twenty-four and twenty-seven millions beyond all its
receipts. The fact is worthy ol serious reflection. What hope
can there be that we shall, with such an Administration, make
our expenditures fall witliiu our income? What hope is there
that wo shall pay this five millions which we have just borrow-
ed? Of that five millions, more than one-hal', nearly three-
fifths mustgo to the payment of out existing natUnal debt.
The balance will fall far below our wants. If we have, for
three years, spent an average of about eight millions more than
our income, how can we expect to keep our eipenditures with-
in the diminished revenue of the present year? We shall find
the hope absurd; and we must meet this appropiiation lor the
Cumberland road, with the full consciou ness that, by making
it, we create a new national debt, or augment it'.by that amount,
in a time of pease, and, as we are kinkly assuied by the Execu-
tive, of high prosperity.
I have less faith in the promises to redeem our debt, and
make the expenditures equalize with our income, on ac-
count of the professions of the Executive Departments.
We are told by the President and Secretary, in substance, that
if the banks had paid what is due from them, the outstanding
Treasury notes, our present debt, would have been paid. Is
this true! What do all the deposite banks owe us! On the 1st
of January, 1S40, the Secretary says, 81,149,904. What was
the amount of our notes or debt? It is stated by him at S2,?50,-
000. Can the latter sum be discharged by the former? The
one is much more than the double ol the other. Why, then,
was this representation made! Was it to deceive us? No;
but rather to keep up the cry against the banks as the cause
of our embarrassment. How unworthy is such an effort to
deceive and delude the high stations from which' il ema-
nates !
There can be no relief to this view from the fact (hat there is
something more than two and a half millions to be received in
the course of the present year Irom the Bank of the United
States of Pennsylvania. The bank has heretofore raid punc-
tually to the Government every thing which we had a right to
demand and did demand from it. It has performed its contract,
thus far, in paying for the stock which we held, on the terms
proposed by the Government, and I do not doubt that it will
continue to do so. But this two and a half millions are not yet
due by several mouths, and afford no apolosy for any com-
plaint that the Government could pay off our debt because the
banks held its money. The only ground for this pretence is,
that the Administiation deposited our money, imprudently, in
banks which could not or would not pay when called on; and
the amount they owe, even if paid now, would leave us in debt
about one and a half millions. Besides, I have been informed
-ttrnt a. considerable portion of thissum has been satisfied since
the la of January. It niay be feared by some that all will be
satisfied in the course of the year, because then our President
and the parasi'es who court the favor ofIhe peoply by the ciy
of banks, banks, will be deprived of one-of their most favorite
themes of dec'amation and political warfare.
It is apparent to my iniud, whether it be to others or not, that,
if wo make this appropriation for the Cumberland road, we
must cveaie or augment a national debt; disregard the official
exposition ofthe Treasury, andsubjee ourselves to the charge
of forcing on the Executive expendituies which are disclaimed
by it. Lei me not he told that I have voted for this road w hen a
national debt existed. I did so; but it was at a time when two
or three circumstances separated the case widely, very widely,
from its present position.
1.  That nttional debt existed—had been created long before
in sustaining our national rights and honor. It was a debt
which rested alike on us and our posterity, who, equally with
uk, were to be benefited by the liberties which its creation se-
cured.
2.  There had been full and ample provision made for its re-
demption It was in a course of reduction quite as rapid as
our desires or the interests of the country demanded.
3.  The revenues of the Government were sufficient to pay
that debt, and to meet all its necessary expendiduree, and to
make, the appropriation for the road over and above them all.
We were not compelled to create a debt, or augment a new
one, in order to meet the utmost wishes of the friends of this
road, among the most ardent of whom I still desire to rank
myself.
Now, and at this moment, all these points are adverse to us.
We have no debt such as those of the Revolution and of 1S12.
Ourincome docs not, by several millions, equal our ordinary
expenses, and our revenue ierSmerly incompetent to meet this
appropriation.
I stand, then, Mr. President, in my vote against this bill, on—
1- The entire admission ofits constitutionality, its expediency,
and the obligation ofthe Government to carry it forward, when
circumstances will permit, to the extent which its ardentfriends
desire; and for this I shall vote, whenever, and so often, as 1
shall feel at liberty, from the condition of the Treasury and the
country. 2. On the message of the President and the report of
the (Secretary, which admonish me to be guarded in my votes
which shallexpend money; for which they are without means
to meet it; and I hold them, or, rather, the whole Administra-
tion , guilty of the conduct which prevents me from ths gratifi-
cation of my own wishes and opinions, and deprives the coun-
try ofthe multiplied blessings which this road is capable of
conferring, and has heretofore conferred. 3. On the fact that,
if we make this appropriation, we must create or augment a
new national debt.   And I believe, while we are- doing this to
pay the honest debts of the Government, satisfy the j ust claims
of private ci izens, and defend the countiy from forenrn and In-
dian aggression, it is wise not to add to it for this object, but
i alheño let it be postponed for a lime; and I hope that time will
be short.
My conclusions are strengthened by this reflection. The
Executive has disavowed this appropiiation, refustd to admit
it am.mg the wants of the Government, and has urged upon us a
rigid regaid to economy. If, in opposition to all this, we pass
the bill, increase ourdebi, augment cur txpenditures, what is
the impression to be marie en public opinion? Will it not be
he distinctly and clearly this, that the Exec uiive branch of tie
Government is economical, and the best and t afi st guardian of
the public treasure? that the Legislative biarch is piodigal and
squandering, and reeaidless of wasteful cxpendmires, the fiierd
ol r.aiional debts? Will this, can it be favorable to the true
theory of our institutions? Will it not pervert that whole
theory? tuin the public favor still more strongly towards die
Executive power? wciease and strengthen ii? And have we
not seen enough within the last ten years—do we not know
enough ofthe ancient and modern failuies of liberty and free
institutions, ami enough, too, ofthe opinions of our Revolution-
ary faiherc, to make us pause and hesitate when this arpect of
the question is presented to us?
Mr. President, I shall give my vote with pain. I know that I
shall wound feelings of friends wVmml love; and in wliOEe prin-
ciples and patriotism 1 confide. But I cannot avoid it. If they
choose to forget my unwavering friendship for this road, ar.d
find enough lor this end in a vole to postpone, not destroy, the
accomplishment of their wishes, so he it. It, for one such vote,
they please to cancel the account between us, let the account
be cancelled. I shall regret it, but/neither complain of them,
nor repent an act which my best judgment approves.
SPEECH OF MR, HABERSHAM,
OF GEORGIA.
In the Hvuse. of Rtyreaentatices, March 24, 1840—On the
• Treasure note bill.
The bill authorizing the issue of five millions of dollars in
Treasury notes beinr undqf consideration in Committee of
the Whole, Mr. Habebshají of Georgia offered the following
amendment to the second section:
'Which notis to be issued shall be negoti .ble only by spe-
cial endorsement hy an'd to each person through whose hands
they may pass, subject h> trie same rules and restrictions as in
land bills of exchange paWble to order, but without tbe liability
of the endorser."           \
Which having been read, Mr. HABERSHAM addressed the
committee in support ofthe amendment as follows:
Mr Chairman: I have been induced to offer this amend-
ment to the bill because the honoiable chairman ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has stated that the Treasury notes
which by this bill the Government is authorized to issue, are
not intendtd to circulate as money. I am further induced to
offer this amendment, in consequence of some remarks which
my eloquent friend and colleague (Mr. Nisbbt) has this eve-
ning made, in the course of which he has said that, according to
what he supposed was the fairest construction of the act of 1637,
of which this bill is but a continuation, these notes were made ne-,
eotiable only by assignment thereon from the payee and from all
subsequent holders: and that thereby their circulation as money
would be restrained; although he admitted that the act ol 1837
would bear a different construction. My colleague admitted at
the same time, and this seems to have been generally conceded
by those who have engaged in this debate, tbat Congress has
no constitutional power to 'emit bills of credit." Such is my
respect for the judgment and puruy of purpose of my Colleague,
that itis with «reat reluctance I ever differ with him, and lam
happy to find now that the only ditfeience between us is, that
1 believe that Treasury notes, issued in the form prescribed
by the act of 1837, are Mils of credit, and will circulate as mo-
ney, notwithstanding they are payable to order, and must be en-
dorsed by the pay; e: while he is of opinion that they are not
bills of credit, and will pot circulate as money, because, by his
construction ofthe act, these notes are made negotiable only by
assignment (hereon by the payee and by all subsequent holders,
and thereby their circulation ns money would be restiained,
though admits that this provision of the act would bear a differ-
ent conetruciñn. The difference between us, then, is 6imply a
difference in the construction of a single pro* Jsion ofthe act, ad-
mitted by him to bo of doubtful construction. Now, ii the doubt
which he admits to exist can be removed, and all the declared
objects of the bill he at the same time attained, so that while
these notes may be used as promissory notes by the Govern-
ment, in satisfaction of demands against it, oras pledges on
which to raise loans, without assuming the character of paper
money, or of being circulated as such, it is certainly most desi-
rable that such alteration and provision shall be made as will
remove all doubts as to the constitutionality ofthe measure. It is
with this view 1 have offered the amendment, which, if adopted,
will, in my opinion, remove the doubt and obviate the objection.
It proposes that the notes to be Issued shall only pass by special
endorsement, which, while it will preclude the idea of their
circulating as monejr, aud give them the carácter of mere
promissory notes or inland bills, will enable the Government
to use them to discharee its immediate obligations, or as
pledges on which to borrow money. Now, if the object really
is to use these notes merely as mears to raise money, and
not to put them in circulation as paper money, I think the
chairman of the committee cannot, or rather ought not, to
hesitate to remove all constitutional doubt, by accepting the
amendment In that event, and if the amendment be made,
I can, and will with great pleasure, vote for the bill; because
I believe that the Government really needs the amount asked
for, and I am disposed to grant it, if I can do so in a shape which
I believe to be constitutional. I am unwilling to resort to a loan
on the issue of Btock certificates, because that will not on'y re-
quire the establishment of transfer offices, but will operate to
fasten again upon the country a national debt of permantrit
character, rede mabl^ at Ions periods—an evil which 1 am most
anxious to avoid. Independently, however, of thete reasons
for a preference of Tieasury notes in the form I propose ov<r
an issue of stock certificate*", there is onotber reason which, in
the present state of the currency ar.d of exchanges, deserves a
grave consideration. It is, that Treasuiy notes transferable by
special endorsement will afford betli a convenient and safe me-
dium of exchange, and will, in that mode, greatly add to the cir-
culation of the country, as bills of exchange, without assuming
the distinctive character of paper money; while stock, from tb*
