8*6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
86th CokG"«"1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Han'.
H. of Reps.
is no urwppropr ated balance in the Treasury to redeem them.
The same may, and no doubt will, be the case when these notes
fall due; and ran thai be termed a real or substantial fund
Which has no present existence, and the future existence of
which is dependent upon improbable contingencies) Assur-
edly no one will contend that there is a real or substantia) fund
pledged for the redemption of these notes. lastly, there is no
partyasatnst whom a suit can be brought. The I'niied States
cannot be sued. Those who have signed the nous are on the
very face of the notes mere agents, authorized to act, and
known to all to be aciing only as tgents, and of course cannot
be liable to a suit on the note . These tictes, then,ate subject
to all the infirmities which are asctibed by the Supreme Court
to "bill  of credit," except one. They must be designed to cir-
culate as money. Does this form an exception! Are they not
designed to circulate as mooey, and will they not so circulate?
True, the act does not expressly declare thai such is the desiim;
but it i not necessary that the design should be expressed, Bui
may no', the intention exist, and be inferred from all the cir
euinstances of the case,  i hout an express declaration of the
design? In almost every case where thu intent is material,
is that intent or design not ascertained from the ciicum-
Ftancesof the easel In cases of homicide, larceny, contract,
in the construction of statutes, is not the intent inferred
from the circumstances of the case? Have nit ail the Trea-
sury notes which have been heretofore issued at various
times, under circumstance  precisely similar, aid, in form,
the sama as these, and for like sums, and negotiable in like
manner, circulated as money? D;d not those which issued
during the last war circulate as money/ Have not those
which have been issued in the last two years under this vi ly
act circulated as money) If an act has been known in cur
pan experience always to produce certain results, will not
tie intent to produce the same results to be inferred from the
voluntary commission of-the act) Would not the voluntary
c immission of ibe act be conclusive <f the intent? Have not
T.easury notes always circulated as money, and will they not
do so again) Is it not then the design of their emission that they
sh ll circulate as mo ey?   Who can doubt it?
But what is meant by "circulate as money?" Bank notes,
which pass by delivery from hand to hand, and are pai I. or
received, m pay men of debts, circulate a3 money, and answer
all the common purposes of go'd and silver coin in the circula-
tion. Because the denominations of such notes are as great as
<5t) and £100, does that change their character, or prevent
them from circulating as money? Assuredly not. Because
bink notes are not a legal tender, does that prevent them Irom
circulating as mon-y?" Assuredly not. Because, in some
cases, they have been made payable te order, a.( a future un-
certain diy, and were required to be endorsed by the payte in
blank before they were put into circulation, did they not circu.
1st* as money? Did no' what were called the post notes of the
late Bank ot the United States—the *S, $10, and $29 notes—
which were made payable to the casher< of the branches, or
order, and were endorsed by them, circuíale as money, as freely
as the notes of the sime denomination! payable to bearer?
Now, if all this is true of bank notes, is there any objtacle in-
terpowd or existing to prevent these Treasury notes from cir-
culating as money? They are issued and received by the Govern-
ment in payment; their denominations are the same as bank notes
whtch circulate—say 6-jOand *10U. After the payee, who will
probably besoms clerk of the Treasury, or, to vfe the worth of
the act, "after the person to whose order, on the face thereof, ill .y
arepayable," has by delivery and alignment endorsed them,
they will pass by delivery only, without further endorsement,
in the same manner as if origina'ly payable to bearer.
Wherein, then, do they differ fro'm the post notes of the late
Bank of the United States, before referred to, and which circu-
1 tied as money as freely a«t any o'her bank notes? The conclu.
sio.i, therefore, is inevitaWe, that they wWeireutate turmoner:
If such is not the design, whv refuse to throw obstacles in the
way of their circulation) Why not adopt the amendment I
have ptop.ised, to make them transferable only by ihe special
eodorsement of each person into whose hands they may cornel
This would at once present a serious obstacle to iheir freecir-
culation, but none to the negotiating or transferring them as
p'edges on which to borrow" money. The very refusal to adopt
this amendment will be strong evidence of a desiin to circulate
then as money. Does any  ne doubt that they will circulate
as money? II I am right, then, in the several positions I have
endeavored to establish,these Treasury no es will possess all the
infirmities of "bdls of credit;" will, in fact, be "bills of credit;"
and of course, as such, unconstitutional.
Mr. Chairman, ihere are two conclusions tobe drawn from
these decisions of the Supreme Court First, that these pro-
posed Treasury notes are unconstitutional; secondly, that bank
paper is constitutional. It has struck me, sir, with great SLr-
prise, ihata paper ciiculation so unconstitutional as that of
Treasury notes should not only be countenanced, but even
urged upon the couduv, hy an administration which professes
tobe anxious to give to the'nation a cor-slittttional currency.
That an Administration which condemns bunk paper as uncon-
stitutional currency, thatild insist upon substituting for il a pa-
per issue so unconstitutional. Tha' an Administration winch
condemn  bank (taper because of its liability to fluctuation and
deprecia'inn, should sound unceasing praise tit lavorof a Go-
vernment paper, at least equally liable to flueluationaiiddcpie-
ciation. Sir, all past experience \mi proved that Treasui y
notes or Government paper money will depreciate whenever
the arueunt issued exceeds the amount of receipts into I he Trea-
sury. During ihe Revolution the bills of credit ceased at last
to be of any value whatever, and ruined thousands. l>uii',"?ihe
l-ite war,even lliose Treasuiy note  which b>re an interest of
five or six per cent, and weie issued Irom necessity, depre-
dated /'coin ten to fificen per cent, yea, more, below the par
value, and, if the war had continued a few years longer, would
have fallen to fifty percent, below par. Eve  after ¡he war,
they did not reach'paT value until they were made receivable iu
payment of subscriptions to the Bank of the United Slates.
Our ancestors, who had experienced all the evils of such cur-
rency, wisely endeavored, in framing the Constitution, tnguniO.
their descendant frcm like suffering; and now this Administra
tion, professing to Vie the warm advocate ola hard mmu y ron-
etitturoña! currency, and professing, too, to guild the Constitu-
tion from violation, by strict construction both i  theory and
practice, is now about, to inundate the country widi a paper
currency, unconstitutional and liable to all the evils of bank pa-
per, without any of its virtues Kir, these are strange i,(con-
sistencies, which it will be difficult. itherto reconcile or to jus-
tify before the people. If the amendment if not adopts,!, I can
pot rate for thebili.
SPEECH OF MfL HUNT,
OF NEW VO^K,    /
In the House of Representan vea, Jnne 3,4840—On the Sub-
Treasury bilí
Mr. Chairman : 1 can well imagine that gentlemen who an-
ticipate a dead maj iri'y in favor ol thb btfl under consideration
may feel impatient at any delay; jet, as lilis is the only distinc-
tive measure ol the Administration, anjdpciiuving the time not
misspent which may be employed m hbjestendeavors toáronle
the people of this country (ere too late)"fo ásense of their condi-
tion, 1 cannot content myself with givttg a mere silent vote. J
rejoice, sir, that the Administration, after having fought under
cover for ten years past against the best interests of this country,
has at length thrown off disguise, and now stands forth the
avowed enemy of the credit system, and of banks as forming a
necessary part of that system.
Before proceeding to assign some of my objections to the pre-
sent bill, allow me to carry back the recollection of gentlemen to
the origin of this warfare, and to trace briefly the nianner in
which it has been conducted. The retr< spect mny be servicea-
ble as showing, on the part of rulers, consummate tact and cun-
ning systematically employed to ruin credit and enlarge Execu-
tive paironage; and, on the part of the people, a biinirciedulity
in professions unparallelo I in the history of the world.
Previous to 182S banking had been kept stparate from the
poli.ics of the country; matters of business had been considered
as the common property of men of all parlies; all met upon
'change, in the shop, and ilia field, upon a perfect equality;
business knew no political tc6ts any more thin it did religious
ones; and, by common consent, all men met in their buei-
ness relations in fiiendship, asking on the one hind, or giving
on the other, no furiher preference than such ao inevitably be-
longs to superior skill, industry and economy.
It was lelt for the present day, a day of small lights, sma'l
things, and smnfl men, to institute a police having special
charge of the associations and business of private life; anil ac-
cordingly, whilst I -im speaking, report says that the Monumen-
tal city is ihe theatre of a cotnt of inquiry, presided over by a
gallant soldier from my own district, (Gen. Wool,) for the im-
portant pnri ose of ascertaining whether Major Lendrum and
Cap'ain Dusenliury, of the army, have really presumed to pa-
tronize Wings in the purchase o! Government supplies.
In 1829, the present Executive of the nation was Governor of
the Sute of New York; snd, in his Message of the 6ih ol Janua-
ry, 1329, to the Legislature of that State, he says:
"To dispense with banks altogether is an idea which seems to
havo no advocate; and to make ourselves wholly dependent upon
thee established by ederal authority, deserves none. If these
ace c irrect views, the only alternative would seem lobe between
a renewal of the charters "of the sound part of i he exist ing banks,
or to anticpate the windms up of their concerns by the incorpo-
rations of new institutions."
To understand fully the bearing of the language 1 have quo-
ted, allow me to say that, at the time oflhe delivery of this mes-
sage, ihete were in Nsw York, in operation, forty banks, with a
capital paid in of fifteen millions. Of this forty, the charlen
oflhirtyoue were about to expire. It will readily occur to
every mind that a mo?t fivorable opportunity was here pre-
s nttd of checking the increase of what is now considered a
great evil—banking institutions. And Icanalmost fancyl hear
the friendsofthePceside.nl (not entirely familiar with the ma
chinery of New York politics then in operation) asking why he
did not avail himself of this favorable oppoitunity to put in
practice the doctrines of the piesentday?
Mr. Chairman, I answer this question, which I know
must suggest itself to the mind of stranger—the answer can
afford no information to the New York politician of that or this
d y—the whole thing Was then, as now, well understood by us
of New York.
Tho monetaiTconcerns of the State (and. as soon asmiffhtlie,
of the country)were tobe conneced wiih its politics—with the
central power, holding the dispensation of patronage and office,
then resided at Air any.
This, sir. H ihe answer. This explanation shews you why
Mr. Van lluren, a native of the most commercial State in tie
Virion, and then its fiovernor, had not then discovered the evils
of banking—the evils of cred't.
Well. üir,ae ev^ry body knew they would, a Legis'ature com-
posed of the partisans of ihe President proceeded, with all con-
venient speed, to carry out his views, and on the 2d April, 1829,
the act commonly called and known as the sarety-fund bank act
became a law of the State of New York. Sir, I opposed that
act with such force as I possessed; and so did the fiiends of my
country, with whom I then and still have the honor to act. But,
sir, the machinery was put In operation in spite of lamentations
in or outof my own Le7islature; and ihe banks in number in-
creased fioni forty, as they stood in ISÍ9, to ninety-six chattered
one>í, as they stood on 1st January, lf>10. They inertared from
a capital paid in, in ISÜ9. of i$ 15,0 ■0.000, to a capital, as it .stood
on 1st January, 1S40, of «36,MI 460.
Hut, sir, tlneis uot all; and thru you of the Old Dominion, and
others, who know very li tic ol the peculiar features of Van
Rurenism in my own 8'ate, may understand something of it 
beauties, permit me to say thu three commissioners were to be
appointed to superintend iltt coiceni"Ot the hank*. And, sir,
let me tell you these gentlemen cnnimissiotieis, dependent for
their existence «pontile central political power to which 1 have
alluded, possessed a more irresponsible power and control over
the banking Institutions ol uiy own State than was ever pos-
sessed by an Eastern Sultan over Lis harem, or an aulocial of
Russia over his seifs.
And, sit, the hail is not yet told, lit fore these learned and in-
di pendent bank comnusdioiiers had mi oppoitunity of exeicic-
ing their fatherly care lor ihe good of the party, there was ano-
ther pi ocess necessaiy-to be gone Ihrough in the organization
ol the new banks—a |>ioeessequa!ly well calculated to sive sa-
tisfaction to business men and inspire confidence in (lie entire
purity and patriotism of the party end its creatures, the com-
missioners. This process was the distribution of block to sub-
set ¡hers in the fifty six new banks created uuder Van Luren
anspici .
S:r, the partv, fir party purposes, (not business or enmmer-
C!a'.)wanted a bank at Kinderhook, the birthp'ace or the Pre-
s.dcat. This reasonable want was of course satisfied. So,
too, a bank was wanted hi Troy, my own city; but it was a
liusinee? institution llrat was asked for there, and not a political
one. Still, sir, as the bed ofihe pany was of a fixed and iron
length, why, of course, the wants of Troy, corntneTcial as she
ww, tii! to suhTijt to the prescribed measure of Precnis:? 
Well, sir, the party have asked fur the charter; of course it is
granted; and tlnec commissioners are appointed by the same
parly t:> distubitte the stock. You are ready, I have no deub',
asan honordble, liig^-nimded man, to say to me, those stocks
were ilismbuteil according to business wants. Sir, let me tell
j on jou aie much mistaken. The pai ty was to be taken care
ol; ami as stocks, during these palmy djys of Van Bureniem,
were eagerly sought for, and bore a high piemium, why, of
couise, conneeiioiia of bank commissioner?, male and female,
worthless and iire--[onpiu!e, and some even upon ihe jail limin
of my State, íeceivtd larje ilis nbinive thaies of siock, and ihe
next day pocketed an advance of five, ten, or fifteen percent,
on that Rtock, as the case might he, in selling out to some unfor-
tunate Whig, whn.se only recommcmi'alion was his business
habits, wants, and a'Jihty topay lor, own, and keep stock. Sir,
the profligacy of thii whole system has been so alarming asto
excite the attention of t! e highest judicial tribunal of the State
in more than one instance, and, in at least one instance, call for
and receive the aticntion of a gram! jury in presenting one of
tlie^e precious creatures of political favoritism asa fit subject
forthe peni'emiary. To such an extent was this system car-
ried, that honest ¡.¡i.n, of all i ariits, sought relief from it in the
pas-ase of what is commonly called the '• ftee banking law" of
my iwe-a system that went into operation under the most
unl'avniable auspices, and which, thus far, has had to stiuggle
wi h the manetaiy cmbiurassirent produced by the action of
Government, superadde I to lira deadly hostility of every loco-
foco federal recipient of the favors of monopolies.
Thus, sir, in New York (my native Slate) r-egan the con-
nection between politics and banking; the control, by a cen-
tral power at Alhanv, through the creation of banks; the distri-
bution of stock by political commissioners; and the super-
visory power of partisan bank commissioners of the monetary
affairs of the State. This was dune by the so styled Demo-
cracy, the no bank party; and partisans made their percent-
age, in the way of premium upon stocks they couhl nei her
piy for nor keep, and political influence was given and most
tearfully wielded.
Let us now shift the-sccne from Albany to Portsmouth —
from New York to New Hampshire—and contemplate a move-
ment simultaneous of not concerted) with the one we-have wit-
nessed in New Yolk, and ter.dinp to the same object.
In llin summernf I8¿9, Jeremiah Mason, President of die
blanch Bmk «f the United States at Portsmouth, refused to
lend Ins branch to the political schemes of Isaac Hill, and
President B'tldle refused to remove Mason fiom office. This
spirit of independence gave offence, and hostilities against lha
Bank were immediately commence I at the East.
Ii has been end that the extraordinary man who then pre-
sided over this country had soms private gnevarcesof his own,
aiising out ol transad ions of the Bank in the Southwest, the
memoiyof which he had kept fresh. Be this, however, as it
may, the quarrel was soon made Ins own by General Jack-
son, who changed the battlefield from Portsmouth to Wash-
ington.
In the message of General Jackson, of December 8, 1<?29,
he says:
"The charter of the Bank of the United Statrsexpires in 1836,
and its stockholders will most probably apply for a renewal of
their privileges."
Again: 'Both the constitutionality and the expediency of the
law creaiing this hank are well questioned by a large portion of
our fellow-citizens; and it must be admitted by all that it has
failed in the great end of establishing a uniform and sound cur-
rency."
Again: "Under thes3 circumstances, if such an institution ia
deemed essential to'he fiscal operations of the Government, I
siibmlt.to ihe wisdom of the Legislature whether a national one,
founded upon the credit of the Government and its revenues,
might not be devised, which would avoid all constitutional dif-
ficulties, and, at ihe same lime, secure all the advantages to the
Government and country that were expected to result frcm the
present hank ''
In the message of December 7, 1830, General Jackson
says:
' Nothing has occurred to lessen, in any degree, the dangeig
which many ol our cit.zns apprehend from lhat institution
[the United Slates Bank] as at present organized."
Again: "It is thought [iracticah'e to omantze such a bank,
wit'i the necessary officers, as a branch of the Treasury De.
paroient. based on ihe publicaud individual deposites, &e.
Hf re we have very distinctly shadowed forth the project of a
Treasury Bank—that kind of Government engine providi d for
in the present bill, by those who deem it glory enough to follow
in the footsteps of "ihe greatest and best."
We have, too, an assumption which, by its very boldness and
disrecard offsets, was well calcula ed to command credence.
Tho State papers to which I have referred speak as flippantly
oflhe unconstitutionality o I" a National Bank as they would
have dore had the wri'er been eniirely ignorant that such
men as George Washington, Janus Madison, and John Mar-
shall hail viven thu sanction of their misditynamesto its con.
blitiitionahty.
And, in the ame .'pirit, ti ese papers assert that "a utiifoim
and soundruiiency" hadnotlxcnettatilis-Iied.
A¡ ill <* ii- mere assertion, bianding opposed to ihe experi-
c.icy of loity )ia:s. I will out insult th:; intelligence of those
who hear uie by reusotiiref upon llio tubjet (, but will venture (o
meet it by an assertion, supported by all fart and cxfwnei.se,
viz. il.at no Government in ihe woiid possessed, or ever did
p 's-e.c.<, hi ,-tuiiii in ii iitiiioim a curieney as the Government
of tl.ete I'luted States, at the very time ¡-pokeiiof.
Thus far we have no ducct intimation of hostility to State in-
sii-uuoiis «l credit, 1 lit a Cutir e ot remark well CJlCldated to de-
ceive those inleri s'.eti in Slate bank."; and, accoidingly, we fiod
the Sta'eiiifiuutiniis, actuated in part by cupidity, in p rt by
poli-ical motives, ciiibuiking with great ileal in the ciusaue
agjin t iheinons'er, ihe Uauk of ihe Umttd States.
On the Hth July, IKS. in the veto message, General Jackson
si.ys, ' *liat a Bark of the United Sta'es, competent to all the du
tics which maybe required by ihe Govern.nrnt, might be so or-
sarii?,ed as not to iof!:ri^e on our own delegated powers or tho
reserved ri;ht< of the Stairs, I do not entertain a douM. Had
the Execuiive !>,-t*n c died upon to furnish the proiectof sucb an
institution the iluty won'd have be< n cheerfully perfoiined/'
The Government deposites were removed Irom the Bank of
the United States in fcVptembfijPfS; and on ihe C6ih cf that
moron, Mr. Taney, then Secretary of the Treasury, wrote to the
presi lent r-f the Givarl Bmk, in Philadelphia, as follow : "Th*
deposites ufpubK:- moiuy v?;;j enable you to effor.'. incjeaiid
