April. 1840.
26th Cono.... 1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
_____        F eedom of Elections—Mr. JQíxoh.   /St ft
831
H. of Rep9.
t#ok upon i ho  bank quwlion.   The danger from that source
did not, however, escapo the atte. lion   e.l some if ihe ablest
members of that Congress, audit is evident, trot   iikmu'pas-
eagtta o( the debate, that, hut lor the populan y and unbounded
oo-iti en r  reposed in  (he integrity aril pettiotism ol  Reneial
Waihinetm,   this power never  would  hive   been conceded
ry Congress.    Hot he was then Pres.dent, on.l it was hui Utile
rHort ol treason against the Republic to oppose- any power pío-   i
poseí tobe sesteo in him.   This power wa' not, then, derived  ¡
from any particular clause in tho Constituí! m.   Mr. Madison  !
ih.vight it might be derived from the sent ral grant Oí Rwciitive   i
power to the Pre.-.ident; he contended that u was a necessary   |
incident to the Department whicr- siiprr'.n'cnded the execution
of the laws, «rot that the removal ot a  pn'olic officer wax, in
its nature, an Executive an: hut  it wa  replied, w.th greater
lorce of reason, in my opinion, that the aci of removing a pub-
ic officer was not moro Executive in it  nature than the ap-
jioinini- (it of one; i;or wa* 'he po.vcr of removal mote essential
in Ihe execution ol tVe laws ihan the power of appointment,
an 1 that ihe Constitution had provided an a !v   jry council in
the emrlse of t':e appointing power; and it the power ot re-
mora! was a necessary i indent to either of the grants ol power
relied upon hy Mr. Madison, it could only be exercised v.ith the
advice ami cons«-n* of the Senac.
But, Mr Speaker, my hi!1 does not propose to go to the
lenfth ol declaring the removal of a public nine, r by the sole
auth <riiy of tlie President io be unconstitutional: it does not pro-
pose to disturb the decision ol the first Congress on tins subject.
I' leaves that question where it now stands. Hut it docs pio-
pose to declare the wanton exercise of this power; it trots propose
tn declare that the removal o' subordinate officers, not made
with a view to ser.uie the laitbful execution ol the laws, but to
subserve pirty interest, is an abuse of this power, and one that
deserves punishment by impeachment. ^tra"getn ss.y, how
•ver, I Bod Kime of my Stale Rishts or Republican friends
wairing with me on this point aKi They aie not only willing
tr> concede the power ol removal by the President alone, but they
will not interpose to check the abuse of it.
Before 1 pieweed to inquire whether it is,  In fact, sn abuse of
this power of removal to displace an honest and competent
public servant because he will not support die Adminis.iat.on,
■ preliminary faei may be required to be estab'tshed.   Does
such a practice exist'   Do the Presiilent and heads ol Depart-
ments make removals on any such grounds?   One would sup-
pose, after all that has transpired here: alter all that has been
proclaimed to the world through s,i many channels, with regard
to this practico, that no one could have the hardihood to deny
the existence of it.    Vet there are those m particular sections
ot the country who do deny it, affirming, with a shameful and
recklessaudacily, that ibis charge against the Administration is
false and libellous.    I have often heard it asee: ted on this floor
that tliere were upwards of a thousand cfTkeis removed under
the late Administration without fault alleged or proved against
them.   That seveial hundreds liare been so removed under
the late ami present Admniatralions—enough to intimidate the
remainder, or make them good liege men, I  risk nothing  in
affirming.   The many living monuments we meet in this city,
of the prescriptive and partisan principles on which remova's
have been and continue to be made, in   every section of the
country, aie too numerous to admit a doubt on this subject.   In
particular instances the proofs have been Uil before the world.
The | roceedinss of this House and of the Senate con'ain the
evidence that some ol the Departments have Leon cal'ed upon to
disclose the grounds upon which they have removed cerlain
officers, Ira" they have cenetaliy either lelusfd or evaded ihe c.i'1.
But need I dwell upon this iKont?   Ara not removals made al-
most unekr our own obse. ration?   I'o we n l receive almost
duly information t at same faithiul postmaster, Of o.lier officer,
has'been thrown ou! of emplry.-.ici.t, to make way for sume
more pliant instrument ofi-ai'y1  Is not ihe rj3j oi the laie post-
master in this citT an instance of the wanteii exercise of t;.i3
power?     I   might alHim   the same   thi:,-.^   of tie late   p si-
masteis at Baltimore and at Aloany.    The practice has Le-
cctme so notorious   .hat   all   disguise   may   soon   be   ex-
peced to  be thrown off     No d'sgnise   is   now   practised
in  many of the S'ales.     It   is   already thrown off in  this
House.    It was thrown ofTin the 3enate s-veral y eat.? ago by a
Senator from New York,  (Governor Marcy.1 but  never until
the last session of Congress had any member the courage toju -
tify this practice, in open debate on this 1!) r.    The gentleman
fromMKrhhranlMr. CsaryI  was that raa.i!    But that gentle-   ;¡
man was not the first man   filling  a high public station who   .;
openly advocated this dangerous and infamous alms* of power.
That distinction belongs to the President, (Mr. Van Uuren.) Af-   I ¡
ter diligent inquiry, 1 fi.tdihat the corfs¡-ondence which t> ok   I
place iu lá¿2, between Mr. Van Uuren ami others, with t it I ost-   .;
umler General, in relation tnihe appoinim-m of a postmaster  ,(
at A lliany, contains the firstpublic and unequivocal appioval of  |¡
theswriis principle, or the practice of removing publ.c i tficers   . (
Boon party grounils,.to bo found in the whole range of our po-   :
tilica.) hi-ftory.   There may be found the germ of that system of  , <
party admmistraiion which has brought ibis great country, ami   ,
every interest belonging if it, to the ve y verge of disorsamza-   ,
tion and destruction.   It is in this coi responeence, likewise, we  -•
preserving power. How far he may nave ¡
racier anJeenius of the people of this country, yet remain* to
¡«seen. The firs', direct and e.p<M etTort to ,undue ihe inde-
pendence of the Peat Office Department, and to bring it wuhm
the pale of party organization, is alio to be founu in this corre-
tPUt na'uow see what the sages of past limes, an 1 the foum'ers
was James Madison. W hat he might be expected to say of the
maxim openly vindicated and insisted upon by the leaders of
modem Democracy, we^may infer from whit liefaidl.n thede.
bate upon the question of the power of removal in 1/39. He
, declared the wanton and causeless removal of a public offi-
'ldt he could not regard
then declared the wanton                          i
cer to be so improbable and monstrous t,                  h,.na,„-tan
it  occurrence a? possible.   But let him tpcak in hirsown lan-
S*^What will befe motive which the President can feel for
such an abuse of his powei 1 and what the restraints that rpe-
S lopweu1it1   In the first placets will be impeached by
this Houso, before the Senate, for such an act of mat-adminis-
tration [all 1 wish to establish;] lor 1 contend that the wanton
removal ol meritorious officers would subject turn to impeach-
ment and removal from his own high iru3t. But what must be
hi■< motive bur displacing a worthy msnl It must be that he
may fid the piaco with an unworthy creature of his own Can |
he accomplish his end? No, he can place no man in ihe va-
cancy whom the Senate shall not approve.''
Alas' what a dream. What'a mistaken estimate of the Se-
nate—of Senatorial purity and indeptndei.ee! But Mr. Madi-
son, with all his wisdom, could not look into lutiuiiy. He
would have abandoned all hope of human society, if he could
have foreseen a Senate composed chiefly of members who were
themselves bul the creatures of ihe President!
But Mr. Madison expresses himself with still greater force,
upon this subject in another part of his argument. Afierad- I
voi ting to the control which the two Houses of the British Par-
liament had frequently exercised in ihe appointment and re-
moval ot Ministers by the King, an hereditary monarch'pos-
- essed of high prerogatives, and so many oihei souires of influ-
ence, Mr. Madison exclaims-
''('an wo suppose a President elected for four years only,
dependent upon ihe popular voice, impeachable hy the Leais-
lamre, little, if at all, distinguished lor wealth, nor deriving
much personal weight or influence fom the Department oí
which he is the head—I say, will he bid defUoce <o all ihose
consideiatinns, ami wantonly dismiss a memniions and vinu,-
ous idficei 1 rhich an nuuse of power exceeds my conception.
If any thing takes place, in the ordinary course oi business, of
this kind, my imagination cannot extend to it on any ratio al
principle.''
¡Suf'i were the sentiments and opinions of James Madisíin on ¡
thissubject; and who will say that the piinciple he avows is ;
not sound, statesmanlike, and Republican?                                      j
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that the illustrious names of
Washington and Jefferson have b.Jen qno;ed in oppisnon io
the deictiine of Ma ison upon this point; but I will demon-
s rate, before I close, that their expressed and recotded senti-
ments do not conflict with his upon tins all imp ntantand tun
damenttil principle in a Republic. It would be impossible
th. y should entertain a different sentiment, consistently with
their kuown patriotism and devotion to the cause of fre* Go-
vernment.
The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Cbaby,1 in his speech
at the last session,claime.d the example and author tyol Wash-
ington tn favor of the proscripuve and ami Republican prac-
tice of the present Admiuistiation.   The tenor of that speech,
ns delnered in the House, was throughout a vindication of tho
',   practice of removing  public officers lor opinion's sake; but
!  when  it was prepared for   the   public journals, the author
'  shrank from a plain and unequivocal avowal ol the doennrs
his speech was intended in support.   In his printed speech he
I  imputed to me an argument I never employed.    He assumed
for his premises what I had furnished him witti no pretext f >r,
and then proceeded gravely  to combat   a proposition I bad
never assuited.   I never contended that the President, or any
other officer invested with the appointing power, might not,
1  with pre-prieiy, give his political friends the pielerence in ap-
i  pointments tooffie-e, when they  were equahy competent and
tiustworthy.   That isa privilege which every sensible man
-  will concede at once.    In combating this shadow of his own
conjuring  up,  the  gentleman  quoted   the  well-known  and
often-repeated  sei.timcnt of Wtshingtcn, which  is in these
■    We-rds:
"I shall not, while I have the honor to  administer the Gn-
, vernment, bring uny man into any office of consequence,
i knowingly, whose im'iücal tenets are advtise to the mtasliies
. which the General Government is pursuing; for this, in my
: opinion, would bo a sort of political Euit it'e; i hat it would tin-
barrassits movements is cert ¡in."
This is the doctrine upon  which the gentleman s^ys Wash-
ington, Adams, Jeffér-on, Madison, and Monroe practised.  Ad-
mit it: what then?    Will that prove that it is no abuse ofpow-
'- er to remove an officer already appointed, who minds his bi) i-
i  ness, and performs die duties ftflits office faithfully, because hit
■   cannot support the President in all liis vtiws of n:easúres,ainl
| refuses to interfere in carrying the eactions for ihe Administra-
; tion? General Washington declares, not that he will remove
j any man from office whoso poüúcal tenets aie adverse tolos,
! but that he will appoint no such man to any office of conse-
i quence. It was only offices of great weight and consequence
'   that he would take care to fill with his iiwn political friends.
His great, pure, and magnanimous mind scorned the narrow,
corrupting, ?r.d miserable policy that would inquirethe politics
of an applicant for a petty clerkship. But this was his curse
in making appointments only. Removals upon party or poli-
tical grounds, as in the case of Madison, exceeded the concep-
tion of sucha manas Washington. These were the doctrines
and practcesof ihe founder ol our system.
But what were the doctrines and practices of the grra' re-
former of it—the Great Apostle ol Liberty, as he is sometimes
styled by sterling Republicans, and always by ihe leaders of
modern Democracy1?   We shall see.
On the 7th of March, 1 01, three days after his fits: maugura-
rition as Presiilent of the 'Iniled Sta'es, Mr. Ji fT. rson wrote to
Mr. Monroe on the subject of making his appointments, and
employed this language:
" I have given, and will <rive, only to Republican.^ undcrex-
isting circumstances. But I believe, with others, that depriva-
lien of office, if made on political grounds alono, would revolt
our new converts, and give a body to leaders wfn now stand
alone. Some, 1 know, most he made. They must be as few as
pos ible, done gradually, and bottomed on some malversation
or inherent disqualification "
the same month he wrote to Mr. Giles on the sub-
inciple upon which he proposed to conduct his ad-
d particularly as to ''appointmenss and disap-
ffires," saying:
princi| des have been ihe subject of conversation, [in
the Cabinet,] but not of determination; e. g I. All appoint-
ments to civil office during pleasure, made altertbe result of tho
eletction was certainty known, to Mr. Adams, are considered as
nullities. * * * Mr. Adams's best friends have agreed that
this is right. 2. Officetswho have been guilty of official mis-
conductare proper subjects of remnvjl. 3. Good men, to wh >m
there is no objection but a difference of political principle,
practised on snly as fat as the rigid of a private citizen will
Justify, are not proper subjects of removal, except in the case of
attorneys and marshals."             ......
On the 29,hof the same moptb (March;he wrote to Samuel
Adams, (of Republican memory,) and expressed himself on the
subject of removals in this language:
'■The storm is over, and we now in port. The ship [State]
was not rigged for the service she was put on. We will show
the smoothness ol her motions on the Republican tack. I hope
wo shall once more see harmony icstored among out citizens,
ami nn entire oblivion ol past lends. I will sacrifice every every
hut'principle to procure it. A fsw examples of justice on
officers who have perverted their functions to the oppression of
their fellow-citizens must, injustice to those citizens, be made.
But opinion, and the just maintenance of it, shall never be a
crime in my view, or bring injury nn the individual. ■ Those
whose misconduct in nffne ought to have produced their remo-
val, even by my predecessor, must not be protected by the deli-
cacy due only to honest men."
This last was followed i p by one of the same date to Eibridge
Gerry, in which we find these equally explicit and noble senii-
ments.
" Officers who have been guilty of gross abuses of office,
such as marshals parking juries &c. I shall now remove, as my
predecessor ouahl in justice to have done. The instantes will
be lew, antl governed by strict rule. The right of opinion shall
suffer no invasion from me. Those who have acted well have
nothing to fear, ho we ver they may have differed from me in
opinion."
To the domines of these extracts, regarding them as an
otiiline of the policy of Mr. Jefferson's Administration upon
the subject • f of appointmenls and removals, except ihe cxelUf
sion ot'attorncysand marshals from the palo ot his mrrry, as
indicated m his letter tn Mi. Giles, there can be no objection.
But this exception will be found to be more apparent than
real; for he afterwards qualifies it, by staling, as a reason
for thfir removal, an I a very subsantial one it was too,
that ihe course of justice had been obstiucted by them in pack-
ing junes, ácc.
I come i ow tn notice another letter of Mr. Jefferson, written
in the month of July, 1801, and which has be«n very much
quoted and relied upon to show that he changed the opiuioi s ho
entertained upon the subject of removals from offi ~c upon his
fir t accession to power, or that he at least violateel them in his
practke. 1 allude to his loiter to a committee ol the merchants
ol New Haven, who had sent him a strong remonlrance against
the removal of Mr. Goodrich, co'leetor of that port. 1 et us seo
whether ihedoctu-es of this letter do really conflict with the so ■
contained in the extraes already referred to from other letters.
Alt Guo'li.ch had been api ointéd near the close of Mr Adams's
admiriistra'ion, and Mr. .lefieison had, upon coming into office,
announced his intention to consider all such appointments as
"nullities." In this letter he puts the question elirectly to the
committee, whether the appointment of another person as the
successor to the former incumbent could, under the circum-
stance?, ' bo candidly considered a removal of Mr. Goodrich*"
It Hclear that this case belonged to a peculiar class,and which,
to say the least of it, iiffordedeome more reason for the exercise
ol' the power of removal than a mere difference of political
opinion. Yet Mr. Jefferson re-asseits, substantially, in the very
next sentence, his former expressed opinion.    For, says he :
"If a due participa ion of office is a mauer of right, how are
vacancies to ha obtained? Those by death are few, hy resigna-
tion none. Can any other mode than that ol removal be pro-
posed? This is a painful office. But it is made my duty, aid I
mec, it as such. 1 proceed m the operation w.th dehbi.ation
anil inqiiny, lh.it it may injuie the best men least, and iffct the
purpose ol justice and public utility wi;li die least piivate dis-
liess; that it may be thrown as murfi as possible on delinquency,
on opp.ession, on intolerance, and anti-ievoi;:tionaty adueiente
to our inemy "
In ihe same letter, Mr. Jefferson laments, in a strain of un-
affected i egret, a sti^e of things -.eíoch would compel lum to ex-
ercise the power ol reneiVd! in order to let in the Republican
party to a due participation of the public ónices. Their''total
exclusion under Ihe preceding Administration," ft  raid called
lor "correction" at his hands.
"I shall correct the uroceilure," He continues, *b«l, that done,
reluin with joy to that stats of things when the only question
concerning a candidate shall be, is he honest? Is lie rupable?
Is he laiihtul to the Constitution?"
It is impossible to deny that these are patriotic, worthy, and
noble sentiments. And if tbcie is in this letter a shade ol depar-
ture from the principles he had before avowed his determination
to be gove míe) by in the exercise oí the power of removal, 1 have it
in my power to show that he was di i ven to declare it, and to act
upon it, by the clamorous impoi tunilies of that forward, humrry,
and voracious swarm, which, vulture hke,h.:rigs uponlhesfcriis
and constantly besets every triumphant pany; by tliathytna
pack, which docs not cease, by day nor by niahi, to howl round
the lieasury, demanding to be admitted Io the spoils, and taking
no denial; by that same class of unprincipled camp-followeis,
who, I infer from the frequent appeals I observe in the Metro-
polis and the Glolie, continue to haunt and importune the Pre-
sident at ttiis dey, not to relax in the woik of proscription until
every officer, high and low, shall be driven out of employment,
who does not, or will not, join in the shout ol applause, ai.d give
tl.it support to his Administration which it isth.n boast ioi'o.
These cormo.ants, calling themselves JetTersnmaiis as they do,
contrary to all he ever said or did, would deny any participation
in the public oflicea to their opponent ; they cemceile no such
right; total exclusion a'one will satisfy them. While a Whig
remains in office, ihf-ir cry will still be—
"Kill, burn, destroy, let not a traitor live!"
For thote who slew the (yrant Ca?--ar were traitors to therrroun-
try in the eyes of the illiutrious predecessors -the great proto-
t.pes of our modern Democrats. But to the proof. Afewda)s
after ihe letter was written to the New IfavCn commi.tee, wo
find Mr. Jell'erson unburdening his mind to his Inend, Levi
Lincoln, in the followir.ir language:
'•That the Republicans would consent to the continuation of
every thing in Federal hands, was nottn I e expected, because
neither just nor politic. On me, .the first Republican Presi-
dent, was W devolve the office of executioner—that of lopping
off. I cannot say that it has worked harder than I expected.
You know the moderation of our views in this business, and
that we all concurred in them. We determined to proceed
with deliberation. This produced impatience with the Repub-
licans, and a belief that we meant to do nothing. Some i cca-
sion of public explanation was eagrly desired, when the New
Haven remonstrance afforded us that occasion. The answer
was meant as an explanation to our friends. It has, we hear,
every where, had the most wholesome effect,"
The truth appears to have been, that Mr. Jefferson was cen-
sured by seme of the m^re intolerant, resiles, and office loving
