May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
26th Cowo««"l8T Skss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
stand on its own merits, not to be supported or pulled
down by the others. For voluntary bankruptcy the
country was clamorous. The disastrous times upon
which we had fallen had made it more immediately
necessary than the others; and as it was less objec-
tionable to many, he hoped it might be permitted to
■hare its fate by itself.
To that part of the bill embracing the bankruptcy
of corporations he would cow proceed to state his
objections. He did not believe that corporations
were in the contemplation of the framers of the Con-
stitution when they gave to Congress power to es-
tablish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies.
They had never been, and have never been, embrac-
ed in any bankrupt law. The law deems the bank-
rupt criminal; it treats him as such. For any fraud-
ulent concealment of his effects he was formerly
punished capitally by death. Such was the law at
the adoption of the Constitution. A corporation
cannot be punished criminally. You cannot arrest
or imprison it. It is an artificial, ideal, intangible
person existing only in fiction of law. It has no soul
to be saved, nor body to be punished. You cannot
examine it; it has no conscience to be effected; its
seal is its oath; and it is not therefore a fit object of
a bankrupt law.
A decree has gone forth that the banks are to be
destroyed, and this bill is to execute that decree. A
more alarming and tremendous power was never
grasped at by Congress; and a means more effectual
to accomplish the purposes could not be devised.
This may be desired ; but, for proof, he referred to
the President's message, written by the same man
who, in 1827, denied in his place here the constitu-
tionality of such a law; to the thundering denuncia-
tions which have been heard from various quarters
of the Senate at the present session ; to the papers
acting in concert with the Administration; to a
tirade pronounced the" other day by the gentleman
from North Carolina (Mr. Brows) against the
banks, in which he accused them with associating
with the Opposition to pull down the Administration,
and in which he denounced the Opposition press as
a "bank-bought" press; and to the bill itself. The
fanaticism of party was very like fanaticism in reli-
gion ; always ready to go to extremes to accomplish
its objects; reckless of consequences, and of the
hopeless ruin it may bring upon others. Each had
its own mode of salvation; and if it could not con-
vert, it would destroy the unbeliever. He did not
believe that gentlemen had reflected upon the extent
of the evil which they were about to inflict upon the
coontary. He hoped they would pause and still re-
flect. They were treading on unsafe and dangerous
ground; and thousands upon thousands of ruined
men will rise up and charge them with their ruin.
If Congress subjects corporations to bankruptcy,
it interferes with the rights of the States. 'J'he States
have the power to create corporations—no one de-
nies this; and may control and fashion them as they
please, without the intermeddling of Congress. But
assume the power which is now contended for, and
corporations will no longer be under the control of
the States. Congress will have gained a power of
the most alarming character; it will have gained a
strong and sure foundation upon which to rest the
fulcrum, and it will be easy afterwards to extend the
lever to any length which may be necessary to enable
it to uproot every corporation in the country ; but if
it may not be desirable to go that far, it will give to
Congress that entire regulation and management of
all corporations. Usurpation in pursuit of power is
usually cautious and circumspect. Its approaches
are not made boldly, with a frank avowal of its de-
signs.    It conceals its purposes, and step by step,
• and little by little, it effects its purpose; when, if the
• magnitude of its ultimate object were foreseen, it
would be frustrated by the alarm and resistance which
it would necessarily excite. Congress, by the amend-
ment proposed, assumes the power of declaring cor-
• porations bankrupt; or, in other words, (for, after
all, no other corporations are at this time cared for,)
to declare bankrupt all the banks in the country.
The amendment declares that " all corporations, or
associations for manufacturing, commercial, insur-
ance, oí trading purposes, owing debts to the amount
of           and all persons, corporations, or associations
of persons, who shall issue, pay out, or emit bills,
drafts, or obligations with the design that they shall
circulate instead of, or as a substitute for money, shall
be deemed traders and liable to become bankrupts
within the true intent and meaning of this act, and
may, upon petition of one or more of their creditors,
to whom they owe debts amounting, in the whole,
to not less than five hundred dollars, to the appropri-
ate court, be so declared accordingly in the following
cases, to wit: whenever such corporations or associa-
tions for manufacturing, insurance, or trading pur-
poses have already failed in business, suspended, or
stopped payment, for the period of one month, or
declared or acknowledged themselves to be insolvent,
or shall hereafter fail in business, suspend or stop
payment for the space of fifteen days, or declare or
acknowledge themselves to be insolvent, or unable to
pay their debts or engagements."    Concede this
power to Congress, and no " destructive" could de-
vise one more ample over every banking institution
in the country.    All will concede that, if you have
the power to declare any one act done by an incor-
porated bank to be an act of bankruptcy, you may
declare any other act committed by it to be an act of
bankruptcy, for which it will be liable to be proceeded
against in bankruptcy.    And although in the infancy
of your power, and for the purpose of securing it
without much alarm, you may, for the present, be
content with declaring as causes of bankruptcy the
failure in business, or the stopping of payment by a
bank, what shall prevent you in future, if you deem
it expedient, to go just as far as you please 1    If   on
gress should imagine that the safety of the note-hold-  .
ers should require that the amount of issues sh< uld
be limited, for instance, by the amount of specie on ,
hand, what shall hinder them from declaring any
excess of issues beyond the specie in the vaults, at
any time, to be an act of bankruptcy ] for it may be
said that, in such a case, there is clear proof that the
bank is unable to meet its engagements; because, if
all its notes were presented for payment at once, it
could not discharge them.    Plausible reasons enough
may be assigned.    A hue and cry may be raised of
overissues, overtrading, and a design to defraud the
Public; and, under the pretext of sheltering the
Public from fraud, Congress may, in this respect,
limit and control all the banks in the country.   Or,
suppose that Congress, in its wisdom, should think
that no bank ought to make a dividend beyond five,
or even six per cent., beause, if a bank should make
a greater dividend, it might be said to be evidence of
a design to divide its capital among its stockholders
in fraud of the Public, and this may also be declared
to be an act of bankruptcy.   Having once gained
this power over bank , there is no limit to it but the
will of Congress; and these institutions, which have
heretofore been- exclusively the creatures of State
legislation, as they rightfully have been, will become
the mere creatures of Congress, subject to its discre-
tion, to be moulded and shaped and fashioned at its
will.   Mr. C. said he had never been the noisy cham-
pion of State rights, yet he hoped he was as willing to
protect those rights as any one; but if there be any
politician here of that school who is willing to vote
for this amendment, he has a stronger stomach and
greater powers of digestion than he supposed any
one to have.    But are these political dogmas really
entertained or not 1    Heaven knew  that he had
sometimes doubted, and thought they were used only
as tub3 thrown out to amuse the great Southern
whale.    Witness a late vote in another place on the
New Jersey election.
There is no necessity, as in the case of natural
persons, that Congress should interfere in this mat-
ter. The States have ample and complete power.
If Congress possessed the power, it would bo un-^
gracious and unnecessary to exercise it: for it is not
needed, as in the case of individuals. Over insol-
vency the States, within their own limits, have com-
plete control. They can free the person from arrest,
but they cannot discharge him from his debts. Con-
gress only can do this. It has been denied to the
States by the Constitution ; and hence the necessity
of a bankrupt law by Congress. Now, how can a
bankrupt law, in this respect, apply to corporations'!
The two great objects of a bankrupt law are, 1st.
To secure the property of the bankrupt for the bene-
fit of bis creditors ; and, 2d. To discharge the debtor
from hi* debts when he has made a full and fair sur-
render of all his effects in payment of his debts, as
far as they will go, leaving him free from arrest, and
in the undisturbed enjoyment of all his future ac-
quisitions, and the full benefit of, his own industry
and labor. In regard to the first, the States have as
ample power as Congress. They can compel the
surrender of property by all the means, and by every
process, and by every species of punishment that
Congress can employ. Such are already the insol-
vent laws of the States. But, in regard to the second,
when it is applied to a natural persdh, we can under-
stand its benefits very well. His person becomes
free, he is discharged from his debts, and his future
gains are his own. No one can disturb him in either;
but, when applied to a corporation, it is senseless. It
has no body to be arrested; it can have no future
gains to be secured from seizure by inexorable cred-
itors, and it need not, and ought not, to be discharged
from its debts. When baniirupt,. ts ife is extinct,
and it can have neither future gains nor existence.
Its capital, its life-blood, is gone, and it ceases to be.
It is not, then, the proper subject of bankruptcy.
The Constitution did not design to confer a concur-
rent power upon Congress which could be equally
exercised, and to the same beneficial extent, by the
States. It only intended that Congress should act
when the States could not.
It needs not, then, the aid of Congress effectually
to accomplish every thing that may be desirable on
this subject. In the case of individuals, to effect all
that a bankrupt law can effect, it is necessary that
Congress should act, because the Constitution, of
the United States has confided the power to Con-
gress, and denied it to the States. But over the
banKruptcy, or rather the insolvency, of corporations,
the States have ample power, and ought to have un-
disputed control. After the States, by their own
process, and by such regulations as they may choose
to make, have drained the last dollar from the banks
in payment of their debts; when these creatures of
their own formation have ceased to be, what need is
there of any act of Congress to set them upon their
legs again, to secure to them the future fruits of their
industry, and free them from arrest 1 The notion is
idle ; it is worse; it is an attempt to meddle with
what belongs to the States only. They have the
right to make them, and they ought to have the right
to manage them according to their own good will
and pleasure.
It will be seen from the clause of the bill just read
that every bank which has already suspended or
stopped payment for the space of one month is liable
to be proceeded against in bankruptcy; and every
one knows that when an act of bankruptcy is once
committed, it is the unpardonable sin, which cannot
be redeemed or remitted.   No act, no redress, no
penitence, can save or purge it of the foul stain.
Every bank, from New York to Florida, is at the
mercy of him who may choose to proceed against it.
AH have suspended or stopped  payment   Have
gentlemen looked to the catastrophe which must ne-
cessarily result from this state of things]    Have
they looked to the wide-spread Tuin and disaster
which must follow ?    Proceedings are instituted ;
decrees are obtained; assignees are appointed; they
take possession of the assets, and proceed, according
to the direction of the bill, as speedily as practicable,
to collect the debts.    Has any one figured to himself
the vast amount of debts thus to be collected 1    Let
him make the estimate ; let him estimate the misery,
distress, and sorrow, the utter overthrow of the hopes
of thousands, the prostration of all business and in-
dustry, spreading poverty far and wide, and then bal-
ance  all this  against—what?    An equivalent, if
equivalent there can bel    No.   To gain a new,
and, at best, a doubtful political power, which can-
not be used for any good purpose, but may be used
for the worst of purposes.    The gentleman has, how-
ever, very kindly provided in his proposed amend-
ment, that when the bank is authorized by its charter,
or by any express lav> of the State, to do or commit
the act therein declared to be an act of bankruptcy,
or when, by any such law, it is or may be exempted
from the provisions of the amendment, then the law
which we are about to pass shall not apply to such
bank.   This is very considerate, indeed ; for he who
i drew the charter, or any of those express laws hereto-
[[ fore enacted, must have been a far-seeing roan who
