S6tk Coko......1st Skss.
Bankrupt Bill—-Mr. Clayton.
May, 1840.
Senate.
*°uld have foreseen this amendment of the gentle-
*Qvt from New Jersey, and provided beforehand
«gainst it. How many banks do you suppose there
are whose charters authorize them to " commit the
act" forbidden by the amendment, or who are ea>
pretaly authorized by law to do it ? He deemed
there were very few. In the State which he repre
•enU, not one. It is true the banks are liable to pay
i. heavy interest if the notes are not paid on demand
«t the counter; "but, to' the credit of the people, no
one has sought to enforce the payment of the penalty,
because they know very well that the banks would
resume payment to-morrow if there neighbors were
to do it; and, without this, that it would be folly in
them to attempt it. He apprehended there were few
charters which authorized at all the suspension of
specie payment; still fewer which authorized the sus-
pension for the length of time which many banks
have suspended; and he doubted if, in any case, the
law of the State expressly authorized any bank " to
do or commit" the forbidden act of bankruptcy.
What are the terms of the amendment 1 Why,
that any corporation which shall have already failed
in business, suspended, or stopped payment for the
period of one month, or declared or acknowledged
itself to be insolvent, or unable to pay its debts or
other engagements, is declared to have committed an
act ef bankruptcy. Is it probable that any Legisla-
ture would by express law authorize the doing or
committing of many of these several acts of bank-
ruptcy 1 And yet they are enumerated as distinct
acts of bankruptcy, which the gentleman from New
Jersey supposes may have been expressly authorized
by law.
Mr. C. said he had pretty attentively observed the
proceedings of the Pennsylvania Legislature at its
last session in relation to the banks in that State.
He had remarked that various propositions were
made, the object of which was to compel the banks
to resume specie payment; but he thought none was
made expressly to authorize a suspension of payment;
and the act which was finally passed, if his memory
was correct, was in its nature compulsory upon the
banks to resume the payment of their notes by the
15th of January, 1841, or that their charters should
be forfeited. If there was any authority here given
to suspend until that time, it was not expressly given,
but only by implication and inference; and all the
banks in that State will be hable, the moment this
law passes, to be declared bankrupt.
' Under what pretext is jt urged that corporations
«ball be included in the system of bankruptcy which
we are about to establish ? Is it feared that the
banks are likely to fail, so that their creditors, or those
holding their notes, or having money in deposite,
will ultimately not receive the last dollar in payment ?
Those who trust the banks know better, and they do
not ask ydur assistance. No one, in regard to the
banks on the seaboard, fears any thing. Their notes
ait present answer ail the purposes of money. Ne
one refuses them; all *re= glad to get them. Why
take them from circulation? For, as sure as this
bttl passes, they will circulate no longer. Trade
and" industry will be at a stand. If proceedings are
Hot immediately taken against the banks under this
act, they will immediately commence the most rigor-
ous collection of their debts in self-defence. No
option wUl be left them; they will be obliged to re-
sort to the most harsh and unrelenting means to save
themselves. All the money in circulation will be
absorbed, and flow into the banks; none will be left
with the people. But suppos&proceedings are taken
against the banks, decrees are obtained declaring
them bankrupt, and assignees appointed to seize upon,
and administer their effects, and what will then be
the consequence? The same system of rigorous
collection, only to a greater extent; and to this will
be added a great depreciation in the paper. The
moment the decree in bankruptcy is. passed, all confi-
dence will be lost, and justly too, for he who holds
a note must wait the slow and tedious progresa of
the* commission. Every holder of a notemust appear
hefote the commissioner, or, as he is called in the
amendment, master in chancery, and prove his debt,
and then await the slow progresaof affairs to receive
his dividends. In this state of tbin§ , what would
be the value of the notes to their present holders 1
What would not their depreciation be?   A mow
frightful condition of things could not be imagined;
all business would be at a stand. Notes would no
longer circulate as money. They would be com-
modities to be bought and sold in the market, as
any other merchandise, greatly below their nominal
or even real value. They would all fall into the
hands of moneyed men, who would speculate upon
them at the lowest price. And the very evil which
gentlemen are so anxious to guard against (the de-
preciation of paper money) would be increased ten-
fold ; not a very uncommon consequence of unguard-
ed legislation. Let not gentlemen deceive themselves
by the supposition that the notes will be kept up to
something like their value by being sought after by
the debtors of the banks to pay their debts with.
Recollect that this is not the case of a bank settling
up its own affairs, in which the debtor may set off
any of its notes which he may have, no matter at
what time he may have received them. But here all
the property of the bankrupt passes to the assignee
by the decree in bankruptcy. The debts due to the
bankrupt from that moment become his, to be collect-
ed, and distributed equally among all the creditors.
Notes purchased afterwards cannot be set off; and
hence purchases for that purpose can give them no
increased value.
To this catalogue of evils may be added the great
depreciation in the value of the property of many
innocent stockholders, not bank barons, but persons
almost wholly dependant upon these stocks for their
subsistence, widows and orphans, and persons in
humble life, whose all is invested in these institutions.
That all will be greatly diminished, and during the
progress of the commission in bankruptcy, their only
means of subsistence will be withdrawn from them
entirely.
It may be doubted whether any one seriously be-
lieves that the banks south of New York have been
influenced by considerations of their own interest in
stopping payment There is no doubt that if they
had disregarded the interest of their debtors, and of
the people generally, they might at any time, within
sixty days after they first stopped, have resumed pay-
ment. But what infinite distress would not the
means necessary to be resorted to, to effect this pur-
pose, have produced ! Indeed, they needed not to
have stopped at all if they had disregarded the in-
terest of the public. .They chose to sustain the
odium so liberally and so unkindly cast upon them,
rather than crush the communities around them.
They have received little thanks, while the public
hare reaped all the benefits. Contrast the prosper-
ity and business at Philadelphia with New York.
While New York has the barren honor of paying
specie, Philadelphia is doing all the business.
It is impossible to estimate, if the banks are em-
braced in the law, the vast amount of property and
business that will be thrown into the courts of the
United States. Seme of the banks have a capital of
many millions. AH these vast sums are to go into
the hands of assignees. Is there not some danger
that many of them may play the tricks of nimble-
footed sub-treasurers, run off with the assets, and
leave the creditors in a worse situation than if the
banks were let alone ? What is to prevent it ? The
temptation will be very great, and they will have ex-
amples enough before them.
The gentleman from New Jersey had objected to
the bill reported by the majority of the Committee
on the J udiciary, because, in his opinion, it did not
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy. He has
not told us what he understands by the phrase uni-
form system. Mr. C. thought the meaning was very
obvious, and it could have but one meaning. The
purpose for which the power to establish uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United
States was confided to Congress by the Constitution
was very apparent. It was highly important that
this power should be vested in the National Legisla-
ture, so that the certificate of the bankrupt should
avail him in all parts of the Union. The States
cannot legislate extra-territorially. The certificate
therefore would only protect him in the State where
it was granted; and the moment he left it, his person
and his property would be liable to be seized by his
creditors. There is no obligation of positive law
which would compel the courts of one State to re 
spect the certificate granted in another.   The cour-
tesy of nations might induce the courts of some of
the States to respect the certificate, and give efficacy
to it, while others would not do so, as is the case at
present with the insolvent laws of the several States.
Pennsylvania and Delaware  mutually respect the
certificates granted by each other, while New York
refuses.    No uniform system could therefore be ex-
pected from the legislation of the several States, in
which all would be mutually and equally benefited.
It therefore became necessary that this power should
be vested in Congress; and, from that fact alone, it
would  result  that the  system should be uniform
throughout the United States; and that what might
be law in one State would necessarily be lavv through-
out the whole country.    No matter upon what class
of persons it might operate, it would operate upon
that class every where.    In regard to natural persons,
he had no idea that the power of Congress was cir-
cumscribed in the slighest degree by the Constitu-
tion ; he knew that a notion prevailed  with  some
gentlemen that Congress, in declaring who should
be bankrupts, was limited to those classes of persons
designated by the British statutes existing at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution.    Such was
not his opinion.    Such a construction was needless,
and without  reason—at  least without good reason.
The statutes 34 Hen. 8th, and 13th Elizabeth, par-
ticularly the latter statute, laid the foundation of all
the law which prevailed in England from that time
to what is called the consolidated statute of 6 Geo.
4th.    In the mean time, various alterations were
mude by intermediate statutes; and,hebelie\ed, still
further by the liberal construction given to "them by
the courts.   And it seems strange that we should be
confined in our interpretation of the term " bankrupt-
cies," as used in the Constitution, to  the   precise
meaning which may have  been given to it by a
British statute of the reign of Elizabeth, or of any
subsequent reign ; that we were not to accommodate
our law, and suit it to the progress of society and
the arts, and the multiplication of the pursuits and
exigencies of men ; and that, while all else was ad-
vancing around us, in this respect alone we should
remain stationary.   Such could not be the true in-
terpretation of the Constitution.    Any law which
embraces any number of classes or persons, whether
that number be few or many, if it operates alike
throughout the whole country, is a uniform law on
the- subject of bankruptcies.    How far, how very far,
is the system proposed by the gentleman from New
Jersey from being a uniform system.    It is the very
reverse.    It gives to the teveral States the power to
alter, to amend, or even to repeal it, so far as it may
affect any particular State; so that the law will ope-
rate in as many varieties of ways as the State have
different interests.    In no two States will it operate
alike, unless the Legislatures of all the States shall
be immediately convened after it passes, and it be
repealed by them all; an event by no means improb-
able.    Instead of this being a uniform  system, it
should be called a system of varieties.    His bill, there-
fore, was hable to his own charge of want of uni-
formity, to as great an extent as possible: while the
bill reported by the committee was liable to no such
charge.    Its provisions extended to every part of the
Union alike.    It operated every where in  the same
way, and upon the same persons and classes of per-
sons.   In truth, it provided for every man and wo-
man who was so unfortunate as to need its relief.
He did not entirely understand the gentleman, al-
though he had said a good deal on the subject, when
he spoke of contracts being the peculiar subjects oF
a bankrupt law, or the necessity that both the par-
ties, debtor and creditor, should be at liberty to be-
come the actors in the proceedings in bankruptcy.
Congress has the power to establish uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United
States, and whatever classes of persons they may
deem it fit to designate as proper subjects of bank-
ruptcy, they may so enact; carefully providing that
the law shall operate every where alike—the same
in Maine as in Georgia, without regarding who may
be the agent, whether debtor or creditor, in procur-
ing the decree in bankruptcy; such a law would be
uniform in its operations.    But the substitute pro-
posed is, clearly, for want of this necessary uniform
ity, unconstitutional.
