jail. 1840.
APEBNDISITO THE CONGHESStONAt GtOBE.
M
fi&ril  CoN<*.«..l8T Skss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
H, of Reps 
slave trade In toe District ol Columbia, had induced him to
Changs hisdetermmauon. He no longer lelt himself at liberty
to refrain Irom going Into the great question, though he telt quite
unprepared to do it at the present time The discussion of that
question bad boon brought on by Southern gentlemen, and he
could not hesitate to meet tlieni upon it promptly
But, in doing this, Mr ri- said he should leol himself re-
strained, as well by his respect lor the II >use, as by co isidera-
lions ol a hichercliaririer, Irom indulging in the recrimina
tioos which **m« remarks he liad beam hnl tended to provoke
It waa his purpose to address himsell to the subject, and he in
tended, if he could not do it jusace, at least to dis uss n in a
manner beeoming its grave im|x>rta ice and high characlei, and
if, la the ardor ol debate, he should say any thing personally
omosive to any, he begged to give assurance that it would be
altogether unintentional.
ABSURDITY OF THE PROPOSED RULE
The proposition (sai I Mi S ) beiore the House is to amend its
rules, bv providing that all pen ions or other i apere touching
the abolition of slavery or the slave trade in any District, State,
or Territory of the United States shall, upon presentation, be
considered as being objected to, and the question ol their rerep
Hon thereupon be laid upon the table without deba e
My first ooiect.ou to this rule (s^id Mi ¡* ) is, tint it involves
an absurdity. It is s >ught to make th s one >i the stin 1 ng rules
of the House. Now, sir, wnat is a rue.' It is ilehned to be
"that which is settled by au horny or custom, forguid mce and
direction. ' Tmsis in accordance w.th thecap'i in of our rules,
which la as follows ''Manillas; rules and orders lor conducting
business in the House ol Repiesentatives ef tUe United States '
They are to iet,uh   the conduetmg of b isiness Bui is the
proposition beiore ueof the nature of a guide 01 regulator for
the conducting of business) The esse iUa element of business
Is action. But does this proposuion contemplate a> y future ac-
tion of the House? No It anticipates and entirely supersedes
xhat action. It, m the first place, ileclares that, upon the pre-
sentation of |ieu.ions and pap rs of a certain ch iracier, their
receptuvi«ha'l be considered as being otjacted to. Imo actual
objection is contemplated, but it is declared, beforehand, that
an objection shall be considered as being made. Is this a rule
of action)   It supersedes action
Again The proposed rule d-d ires that the question of re
caption, thus raised by a parliamentary tictio i, shall be laid
opon the table Now, when the case shall arise, and ihe ques
«on of reception shall be laid upon the tab e, what will lay it
oaths (able? It will be this rule—no. the action ol the House
at the time. Tnat will have been anticipated and superseded.
Anil yet this is 10 be ca'led a standing rule for the conducting of
Iks business of the House <   Can any thmg be more absurd!
But, to make thisabsurdity still more appaieot, let us look
at the contemplated rule in comieciiJii wuh the twenty first of
the present rules. 1 hat ru'e declares that "the petitions i-ivir g
been presented and dnpose.1 of reports fioni c>w.nit ees Mull
be called lor an I dispose lo1" Resolutions shah men be calle t
form ihe same order, a .d dispose! ol by the same ru es w.iich
apply to petitions." Tlie disposition ol pcnti «is, resolutions,
and reports here provided for, evidently contemplates the action
of the House when they are presented. Such disposition con-
sulates a part ol the actual business of the Hou e. It is, to
do something with them. And yet, if the proposition before us
becomes a rule, that «omethmg will have been done, in effect,
■aatths, perhaps, bel.ire—leaving absolutely nothing to be done
when the papers are presented.
But, further The Constitution declares that "each House
shall keepajournal of us proceedings." Now, let us see how
the Clerk will journalize the proceedings undet this rule Sup-
pose it to be adopted on the 1st of February On the 1st of
July next petitions are presented which come within it W hat
will be the entry on our journal) To make it correspond with
the real nature of this proceeding, it should be as fol o ws
On the first of July, 1310, Mr. Adams presented the petition
of five hundred men and five hundred women of Plymouth
county, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of si .very in
the District of Columbia, winch was considered as being ob
teetsd io, and the question of its reception was laid upon the
table by a vote of the House on the first of February, 1840
Such wjuld be the absurdity of the journal, if it were to leli
the truth; because the truth would be, that there would no ac-
taal proceeding on the petition on the day of its presentation
The acue.i of the House would have been on thetirst oi Febru-
ary aad not on the first of July; and thejournal could not be a
journal of ws proceedings on the latter day The recept on of
the petition woukl not be objected to on the firat of July, but on
the first of Februiry, wntle the act.on oft e House which
weald lay the quetu jn of reception on the table w mid have
been on the first of February, and not on the first of July.
There would seem to be but one way of avoiding mis ab
sarditv.and thst would be by giving such a construction to the
rais as to compel some member to object on the first of July to
the reospnon of the petition, and to cempel a majority ol the
members to voce on that day lo lay the question of reception on
the table' I need not say in what a ridiculous and degrading
Dontion this would place the House It would, ho a ever, nol be
more ridiculous or degrading than for the House to si. here on
that day, and witness the silent disposition of petitions under
this rule.ashasoeen witnessed under the op iation of former
caca. Either of the results alltKled to would ce in perfect
keeniiur with the folly and absurdtt> of the who'e gag system,
frern tbePinckney gag of 1836 to tue new fangled gag we are
'"llataeain What becomes of the rig it of tfce members of
this House to vote on the first of July next on the quesMon of t lie
receptioi of the petition, in the case I have suppos-d) Who
can constitutionally deprive me of that right, and of the exer-
ene of it by my yea or nay, provided I can obtain for th it pur-
peas the reques  ei one-hfth of the members present on that
*Thio denial of the right of voting would wear a more striking
aoiwarance of usurpation—though it would not he more so in
ñrmciple—in lis application to new members, who might nrae
into CsBCress, after he adoption of this rule, to fill vacancies,
or in hsapplicatiun to those who, like the New Jer«ey membe-s,
may not have been able to obtain their seats until after the
adopuee of the rule.
Pappose that such a member, on taking his seat, presents a
netitionTend moves that it be referred to a committee—what
will be hie astonishment on being told by the Chair that the pe.
tttioo cannot be referred, and that even no motion to refer n can
be entertained? Bw, «ays the astonished member Mr Speaker,
this ua petition from my constituents, whichl wish to have this
Jloose wcdTeandcwisieer, and 1 move that K be received and
referred The Chair, you respond, informs the gentleman that
this petition is considered as being objected to, and that the
quesuon of us reception is laid upon the table. Considered as
being objected to? replies the member Considered) What
does this mean) It was considered as being objected to on the
first of February last, replies the Chair. Hut, says the mem-
ber—his astonishment increasing—this petition was not in ex
menee on the first of February. That, you reply, makes no dif-
ference, the H )use considered that it might come into existence,
and be presented here, and considered it proper that, when it
should, it should be considered as being objected to, and it is
therefore now considered as beingobjeued to, and the question
of its leception is laid upon the table Laid upon the table '
exclaims the member. How 13 it laid upon the table? Nobody
has moved to lay it on the table, and there has been no vote to
that effect. How. then, i- it laid upon the table) By a vote of
the House on the first of February last, replies the Speaker
The first of February last' says the member. This petition
was not then lnbeing, and I, the Representative of the petition
ers, was not here to vote Before the question of the reception
of this petition shall be decided, I claim the right to vote upon
it, and to record that vote on your journal The gent'eman, you
reply, cannot be allowed this privilege The quesuon of recep- ti
lion is c msidered as made, and that question is laid upon the
table, and the gentleman will take his seat'                                   i
Thus ends the farce—a farce which I have seen acted over
here a hundred tunes, in varied forms, during the last four
years, though under the operation of gags whtch, for refinement
of absurdity, can pretend to no equality with this
But, Mr ¡speaker, there is another view in which the infringe-
ment of right by the rule in questnn appears yet more flagrant
It really amounts to an enactment by this House that no peti-
tisn for the abolition of slavery or the slave tiade sliallbe re-
ceived It seems, I know, to be otherwise But it seems one
thing while it is another; for, after the enactment of the farce
which the rule contemplate , the peation is still left in the
hands which presented it This is the inevitable result, fiom
the nature ol the proceeding The order i«, not that the pe'iuon
shall be laid upon the table, but that the question of its recep-
tion shall be thus disposed of Butdoesthe laymgof the ques-
uon of reception on the table amount to the reception itself) It
«eems to me that this involves a manifes. contradiction, for, if
such is the effect of laying that question on the table, then it
puts the House in possession of the petition, and thus accom
plishes the very thing wh ch the motion to lay the question of
recepuon on the table was intended to prevent
The result to which this process of íeasoning brings us is in
accordance wuh the fact, for, in point of fact, the petition does
not pass out of the hands ol the member presenting it until the
quietus is given to the quesuon whether it shall pass out of his
hands and be received, by the vot° to lay that question on the
tab e All that nas ever passed fiom the member to the elerk >s
the mere annun-iati ^ of t le petition. Nothing is, in fact, re-
ce ved, but anuuiicia ion. Ihe petition, therefore, in point of
fact, as well as in contemplation of parliamentary law, remains
m the hands of the member presenting it.
So, then, whatever may he the strictly parliamenta>y result
of the magic operation of this rule, the substance of it, all can
see, is, that the petition has, to all substantial purposes, been ,
rejected, and the petitioner treated with contempt
ABRIDGEMENT OP THE   BIGHT OF PETITION.
The petitions being thus left in the hands of the members
presenting them, we are brought to the mam objection—name-
ly, that the effect of the rule would be to abridge the right of pe-
tition The Constitution (Art I ol the amendments) declaies
that "Congress shall make no law reepecungan establishment
of religion, or proh biung the free exercise thereof, or abridging
the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the peo-
ple peaceably to assemble, and (o petition the Government foi
a redress of grievances ''
"Petition " W hat is it) To ask for something desired; and
to ask of some being—individual or aggregate—who has ears
to hear. It is essential, then, to the eitjoyment of the right of
petition, that the petiuoner should have access to the ear or
power. It would be a mockery tor power to say the right is
perfect, and yet s íut l self up beyon 1 the reach of the vision oi
the voice of supplication ' The eyes of the Lord are upon the
righteous, and hi* ears are open to their cry " What jyould
the pnvileoe of prayer be worth, if the eais of Divine mer
cy weie not "open?" ' On thou that hearest prayer," was
the excliination of David It has hence become a part of
the ue-enptun of the Almighty that He is ' the hearer of
piajer "
Suppose We draw a line around this Capitol, and say to the
peopie, h't'ierto may you come with your p tnions, hut no fur
iher, and then tell ihein that they still have the right of peti-
tion, because mey have th" use of pen, mk, and paper, and may
draw up their petitions Would nottlnsbe an insulting mocke-
ry? If they irm not come within that line, or what is essen
tially the same thing, if they may not get then petitions to our
ca sf mtgh they notpist as well send them to the British Parlia-
ment as t i oeotl them here)
In defining the right of petition, I have anticipated, to some
extent, the question, v.hether it would be abrí Iged by the adop-
tion arid ei.hncemont of the proposed rule Tnat rule, as I have
sboxvri.in eff-ct refuses the reception of the petition, and leaves
it in tne hands if the petitioner Or, if I am not correct in this
view of ineeff-ctof the ru'e, and, under it, the pennon must go
to ihe tab'e, it is substantially tl e same thing, because in that
ca*e. to all practical purpose , th- hearing and considering of
the ürayei h refused Wtutevei speculations there may be as
o the cimeil construction of ihe rule, every petitioner will
see and feel tint his pe ition is rejected The anguage the
the nroceedin"* is. We wi'l not heal you' if this does not
abudic"the• n°gtu of petition, I bliould be glad to learn what
would abridge it                                                      ...
Mr Sneikcr If we make the order now contemplated, how
lor," thSyo« w Utatalbf. we shall be called on to make an
order that «io petition touching the subject of slavery shall be
or «nteJ here? Nothing would be moie natural th m such a
trant.uon for'in the firs! place, the adoption of the rule now
prosed will evince that there is no want of a disposition to go
t£uheT if necessary, and, in the next place, it will increase the
dispoJlion of the People to petition, and they will pet ;«
, ?o  etrid of the annoyance, and to avoid the moral influ
ence ol th"enunciation of their petitions here, their very pre
«ntouon wiH be suppressed  And next will come a law making
¡BgESSB&ESigB
Senate, prohibiting the transportation of abolition papers by the
mail
The rule before us may Beem to gome a very small affair;
but smaller encroachments on popular rights than this have
grown to a fearful magnitude. The history of all usurpations
shows that the disposition for encroachment uniformly increases
with its acquisitions of power The voraciousness of appetite
is augmented by the aliment on which it feeds.
Sir, it is like the letting out of waters There was a striking
example of this in my own State > few boys thought to have
a little amusement by cutting a trench in the bank of a large
pond, that they might see the dischaige of the water into an
adjoining ravine The trench was cut, and the water began to
run. But their amusement was soon changed into terror; for
the running water gradually found its way to the quicksand,
when the channel suddenly deepened—the earth trembled—
and the boys escaped for their lives, while the rushing wa-
ters swept away the bank, and the whole pond soon moved
onward, carrying before it trees, fences, mills, and dwellings
in wild and wanton desolation, until it reached a neighboring
lake.
Such was the emptymg of Glover pond. It is but a faint em«
blem of what we may expect if we let out the waters through
the channel we are now cutting. Sir, our motto should be,
obsta pnncipiiB—stand upon your principles In such a case,
let there not be the slightest abandonment of them.   Let no sug-
festions ef temporary expediency be listened to for a moment
,et it be remembered that the course which may be now adopt'
ed, as an expedient to suppress the utteraure of hostility to sla-
very, may hereafter be drawn into a pieceaent to justify at-
tempts to suppress the popular voice on other subjects, and that
thus, gathering strength, encroachment may go on from con*
quenng to conquer, until itshall sweep away the whole bar-
rier which the Constitution has interposed as a security to the
right of petiuon, and with it, at las , all the guarantees of popu-
lar rights.
Mr Speaker, the principles we are about to adopt has im-
mense bearings Let its undeney be well considered. There
is no matter of public concernment to which it may not be
made to apply—no great interest in the country which it may
not reach.
Suppose the Southshould, at some future time, find it neces-
sary to petition for a reduction of a high tariff, what would hin-
der the application of the pnnciple of the contemplated role
(which might have gained great strength by use) to that case?
And how would Southern gentlemen feel, to be met here by the
application and enforcement of such a i ule as this? How would
they like a sweeping order, under which the petitions of their
constituents should be considered as objected to, and considered
as laid udon the table? What demonstrations of indignation
and wrath might not be expected, and especially from the re-
presentatives or thatState (Vnginia) in which originated the
amendment of t'ie Constitution expressly inhibiting an abridg-
ment of the right of petition) How bitter would be the cup-
returned to their own lips—which they are now endeavoring to
force to the lips of others
I have «poken of petitions from Ihe South. But the applica-
tion may be made to petitions from other quarters—to petitions,
for exam pie, from the North and East for an increase of duties ft r
the protection of iheir industry By and by, petitions may come
pouring m here for an investigation into the corruptions and
i abu«=e3 of the Executive Government—(anil I tell you, sir, they
will come, unless abuses and corruptions are speedily checked)
—and then it will be very convenient for power to take shelter
1 behind such a sweeping rule as this The fear of excitement is
now a prominent reason for suppressing peutions, then it will
be a fear of exposure'
But, while I am cnnt ndm? for the right of petition, and
maintaining that the recepuon of petitions ought not to be re-
fused, I do not claim that th s shall be regarded asa rule With-
out any exception I admit that this House, as well as every
other legislative body, may entertain die question of recepuon,
not, however, in the form now contemplated, by a sweeping
' rule, but upon motion, as petitions may be presented. This,
the English rules of parliamentary practice, which we have
adopted, clearly recognise, it being required by them that,
' regularly, a n.otion for receiving it (the petition) must be
made and seconded, and a question put whether it shall be re-
ceived "
Tne same right to entertain the question of reception is
Hke rcc ignised vi the standing ru'es 1) till of the Senate and of
this Hou e, each of them provnli i¿ that' a brief statement of
the contents" of petitions ' shall veibally be made by the intro-
ducer," and the former adding, expressly, that this shall be
done "before any petition or memorial ¿hall be received and
read at the table "
The right of petition', thu-> recognised in the English and
American pailiamentary law, is founded in the obvious neces-
sity thatevery legislative body Bhould have the power of self-
protection from abuse and insult, assailing it under the sa-
cred garb of pen ions for redress of grievance.
There should also be a power of r.jecting promptly all peti-
tions for absurd ridiculous, or impiacticableobiects, presented
in a spirit of mere wantonness, examples of which will readily
occur to every one
There is, perhaps, another ground on wh'ch the recepuon of
petitions may be refused, find that \i, the unconstitutionality of
the at'ion which they ask Congress to take This power is lia-
ble however, to great abuse and should be exercised, as should
the'power of rej etion in other rises with extreme caution.
The unconstitutional! y of the action prayed for should be fla-
grant and undeniable, since in queo.ions between freedom and
power, cm3ti uction should a'ways lean in favor of the former.
Such clear and undoubted ca«CB would be, for example, peti-
tions that Congress would establish a religion by law, or abolish
the trial by jury, or grant titles of nobility, or permanently sns-
nend the privilege of the wilt of habeas corpus, or passa bill of
attaindei, or an ex post facto law Prayers for such objects
would clearly not be for a «redrew of grievances " The griev-
ance would rather be that Congress should be compelled to re-
ceive and consider such petitions
In making the admission that the reception of petitions rosy
be refused on the ground of the clear and undoubted unconsw-
tutionahtyof the action prayed for. I have done it, knowine, of
course that it won this ground that the recep.ion ef f euuons
nravine for the abolition of slavery is objected to I am will ng
in meet the question of reception with ihis incumbrance, if it
to™,incumbrance; for I intend, before I shall have done, to
uree reasons and present authority in support of the r bt of
n,Sirress to abolish slavery and the slave trade here, which shall
put gentlemen upon showing, not merely that the cwMUttonala,
