Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86m Coko....1 t Skss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
of Missouri, the powsr of providing fir their emancipation rests
w«a C>njrs*j alone. Why, then, this heartrending sympathy
nr the «laves of Mtssoun, and this cold insensibility, this eternal
apathy townrds ta< stives lit 'heDisTict of Columbia!"
Am! aow I give you the testimony o! the present Chief Magis-
trate of th* I'n ted States, whom no one will suspect of a want
ofiwimajion to please the South, by denying the constitution^
power of Congrua over this subject, i fit were possiblo to find
♦ven p'eusible reasons for such a denial In a letter to a com-
mittee of gentlemen in North Carolina, of the 6th of March, 1336,
Mr. Van Bras* said:
"I would not, from the lights now before, me, feel myself safu
ia pronouncing that Congress does not possess the power of
abolishingal vert in lis* Disti ict ol Columbia ''•
Tns was Mr. Van '". i fen's way of affirming the power of
Con?reje to abolish sN^ ery here.
H TSS ABOLITION O •" f L IVSItY   WITHIN   THS^ COMPSTSNCY OP
LEGISLATION!
Hiring thus sh-vvn that the langu ige of the errant of power to
legislate for this l> s'.rio, necessarily, in the absence of express
limitation, exteii.ls to every possib'e "cas;"' of legislation, and
that this ii in accordance'b >th with a>icieit construction and
modern practice,! come to consider some objections which ate
urf*J agutu: the exercise of the power.
U it said tlut it is no; comr e:cnt for legislative power to
abolish slaveiy; and that. Inasmuch as the grant of power to
Confiesa must necessarily be limred to "cases" within the
competency oflegislat'on, therefore the "all cases whatsoever"
of thi Constitution, cannot be taken to embrace the ''case" of
t'avery.
No legislative pawer is, I admit, competent to da every thins.
It cannot,for example, act by law upon the consciences or the
faith of men. It cannot compel or sanction the commission of
crime. It cannot enact that husbands shall not protect their
wives, or that parents shall not provide for their children, or
that female chi'tity s'.iall be exposed to violation; and so o:
many other cases 1 might specify. It cannot pass such laws, for
the very same reason that it could not rightfully pass the laws by
which slaves are holden here; and for the very reason why it is
bound to repeal them, namely, because such laws are con-
trary to the gieat law of nature, which no human legislation
may violate.
But what is it to abolish slavery? Slavery, it should be re.
enembereJ, is the mere cieature ofs'atute. or positive law. It
ts unknown to the comm >n Hw. "It is" (said Lord Mansfield.
near seventy years ago, in the celebrated casa ef the negro So-
merset, which every lawyer his of course read) '-It is so odious,
that nothing can be suffered to support it but positive law."
What is it, then, to abolish slavery? It is simply to repeal the
positive laws which sistain it—to open the foul dungeon, locked
by the key of unjust legislation, and permit the slave to walk
forth and breathe the pure, invigorating atmosphere of the com-
mon law. It is to restore to its just efficacy the great fundamen-
tal Uw of nitural justice, on which the common law is
founded—a law written upon every man's conscience and in
every man's heart.
This Congress is called on to do by the petitions which we are
now contriving means summarily to rej;ct. It is by the statute
laws of the I'n,ted States, and by them alone, that men are made
slaves ia this District. The Congress of the United States have
r-asse 1 laws repealing the law of eternal j ustice; and the peti-
tioners ask us to repeal the repealing laws, and restore the law
repealed to its full force and efficacy. They ask ns to remove
the crushing wight we have placed upon the soul and the body
of the slave, and permit him to rise up and walk. They ask
this in the name of justice. And are we to be told that we have
no power to grant their request? Had we power to enact these
laws'' Where did we get it  If the Constitution gave it, (.which
I deny,) does it not give us p wer to repeal them' Have we
power to pasa a law making men the property of their fellow
men? and have we no power to pass a la w restoring to them the
ownership of themselves?
Will any one talk of vested rights, which we should thereby
violate? I deny that there are, or ever can be, injustice, any
vested rights in such a cai«. It has been said by a great states-
man that "thai is property which the law makes ptoperty." If
by this proposition is meint that what the law maks3 property
is property, according to law, I do not, of course, deny it. This
would be merely saying that law is law. But if it is intended to
affirm that what the law make3 property is rightfully and justly
property, then I deny it utterly. The law may make the decla-
ration, and the power of the State may enforce i', and the com-
munity may, of necessity, submit; but, after all. it will he a
mere law of force, and rot ol risht, unless, according to the phi-
losophy of the infi Jel Hobbes, "the sole foundation of right and
wrong is the civil law." That is the philosophy for slavery, but
not for the freedom which finds the rule of right and wrong in a
higher Uw than that of the Stale.
Let me test this proposition to which I have referred, by an
example. Suppose we enact a law declaring that the first red
man from the \Vestern wilds who ma  chance to fall within
your power shall be your property. Would our law make him
oropenyl Would not the voice of nature, and the voice of this
nation, unite in thundering an indignant no to sjc'j an inquiry!
Whence is derived the original idea of property? It is not the
creature of statute law. There are no statutes declaring that
lands and houses, and cattle, aid the productions of human
skill and industry, shall be property- '1'heie are statute laws
lerulatine their alienation and descent, but none declaring that
they maybe the subjects of ownership by man. And this for
the best of reasons. There is a law older than all human laws,
and above all human laws, which has settled the matter. It is
the law of nature; which is nothing more or less than the will
ol the «Teat original proprietor. That proprietor never stamped
on man thequali'.y of property. He never authorized one man
mown another man; nor did'II 3 ever] authorize a Legislature
to make a law giving such ownership. Ownership in man?
Youmay as well talk of owningthe starsorthesun. No. Man
was made to be the owner ol himself. Every quality of his no-
ble nature, and every aspiration of his undying spirit, proclaim
jt.
Having shown that the Abolition of slavery is, npon the prin-
ciples of nitufal justice, within the competency of legislation,
let me now advert, briefly, to the history of Abolition, to show
how extensively these principles have been acted on. It may
surprise those who habitually regard Abolition as the mere fun-
gus creation oí moon-struck fanaticism, to learn the extent to
which its "abstraction ," as they are called in derision, have
been actually made the basis of legislation. I hold m my Jiand
the 5th number of the "Ami-slavery Examiner," in which I find
847
H. of Reps
the following very brief summary of the history of Abolition,
which I beg permission to read-
"The Abolition decree of the Great Council of England was
passed in 1102. The memorable Irish decree, 'that all English
slaves in the whole of Ireland be immediately emancipated and
restored to their former liberty, was issued 'in 1171. Slavery
in England was abolished by a general charter of emancipation
in 1381. Passing over many instances of the abolition of slave-
ry by law, both during the Middle Ages and since the Reforma-
tion, we find them multiplying as we approach our own times.
In 1776, slavery was abolished in Prussia by special edict. In
St. Domingo, Cayenne, Gaulaloupe,and Martinique, in 179},
where more than 600.000 slaves were emancipated by the
French Government. In Java, 1S11; in Ceylon, 1815; in
Buenos Ayres, 1^16; in St. Helena, 1819; in Colombia, 1821; by
the Congress of Chili in 1321; in Cape Colony, 1821; in Malac-
ca, 182Ó; in the southern provinces of B rmah, 1826; in Boli-
via, 1826; in Peru, Guatemala, and Montevideo, 1828; in Ja-
maica, Barba'oes, the Bermudas, the Ikhar.as, Aquilla,
Mauritius, St. Christopher's. Nevis, the Virgin Islands, (Bri-
tish.) Antigua, Montserrat, Dominies, St. Vincent's, Grenada,
Herbice, Tobago, St. Lucia, Trinidad, Honduras, Demorara,
Esíequiho, and the Cape of Good Hope, on the 1st of August,
1331. But, waiving details, suffice it to say that England,
France, Spain, Portugal, Denmark, Russia, Austria, Prussia,
and Germany, have all. and often, given their testimony to the
competency of tho legislative power to nb'dish slavery. Inonr
own country, the Legislature of Pennsylvani i pa«setl nn act of
abolition in 1780, Connecticut in 17S4. Rhode Island in 1784,
New York in 1799, New Jersey in 1804, Vermont by Constitu-
tion in 1777 Massachusetts in 1730, and New Hampshire in
1784. 
Here, sir, are the "abstractions" of Abolition, embodied in
the legislation of Europe and America dining the last five hun-
dred years; and yet we are told that legislative power is In-
competent tothe abolition of slavery '
To the evidence thus furnished of the recognition of the com-
petency of legislative power to abolish slavery, by its actual
abolition, I may add the admission of it cleatly implied in the
Constitutions of five of the slavehokling States of this Union—
namely, those of Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Kentucky,
and Arkansas—all of which expressly prohibit the Legislatures
of those States from passing laws for emancipating slaves with-
out the consent of their owners—thereby admitting that, with-
out such prohibition, the power to pass such laws would exist.
To all thisl mightadd the authority of numerousdistinguish-
ed names from among slavehnlding statesmen and jurists of
our country; such as Pinckney and Martin of Maryland, and
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, IlenrVj Pendleton, Mason,
Wythe, l^ee, and St. George Tucker, of Virginia. 1 shall refer
mo e fully to the deelaraiions of some of them hereafter, for
another purposa. I will only here say, that General Washing-
ton repeatedly declared that the abolition of slavetv oushttobe
effected "by legislative authority," and that "at a period not re-
mote."
But I have further authority on this point, in the action of this
Government itself, to which I desire now to call your attention,
and in which you will find the power of abolishing slavery ex-
ercised in cases in which it was much less clearly authorized
than it is in the case before us.
The abolition of the slave trade, no one will deny, involves the
great principle ef the right to abolish slavery. That trade on
the high seas, in American vessels, Congress has abolished, or
attempted to abolish. It has authorize! the commanders of ¡is
armed vessels to capture the s'ave'diip, take from its owner his
cargo of men, and bring in his vessel for condemnation, and
himself for trial as a pirate.
Now, by what authority has Congress thus interfered to
wrest from citizens of the United S'.a'es men bought with their
money? By what authority has it interfeied with "vested
rights?" By what authority does* thus take "private proper
ty?" Does the Constitution say that Consress may legislate
in "all cases wha'soever" touching the African slave trade? No.
It simply declares that "the Congress shall have power to regu-
late commerce with foreian nations " It is upon the founda-
tion of this simple grant of power that Congress has reared its
structure of slave-trade-prohibiting legislation,,and has brought
up, for the top-stone of the noble edifice, the punishment of
death.
But further. Congress, hv an act passed on the 7th of April.
1798, prohibited, under a heavy penalty, the importation of
slaves from any plice without thi limits of the United States,
intothe Territory of Mississippi; and declared that, upon such
importation, such slaves should be free. It also, on the 26th of
March, 1 SO I, enacted a similar pro'iibition of the importation
ofalavcs intothe Territory of Orleans, with a similar provi-
sion for their freedom.
By what authority were these abolition acts passed? Simply
in virtue of that clausa of the C institution which declarestliat
"the Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needrul rules and resulations respecting, the territory or other
property belonging to the United States;" a power by no means
as clearly reaching the "case" of abn'ition, as 'hat of legislating
"in all cases whatsoever" within and for the ''ten miles square."
Let it not he said that the prohibitions to which I have just al-
luded were enacted under the authority of that clause of the
Constitution to which I have before referred the abolition of the
foreign slave trade, since the authorl'y derived from that clause,
to prohibit the importation of slaves, was prohibited to he ex-
ercised prior to the year 1808; while these acts prohibiting their
Importation into ihe Tenitories of Mississippi and Orleans
were passed in 1798 and 1801.
. But there is a still more striking illustration of the pushing
of legislation to "the verge" of constitutional power in favor of
human liberty, in the celebrated ordinance of 1787 "for the go-
vernment of the Territory of the United States northwest of the
river Ohio." The sixth of the "articles of compact'' of that
ordinance declares that, "there shall be neith-r slavery nor in-
voluntary servitude in the said Territory, otherwise than in the
punishment of crimes." This article not only prohibited the
future introduction of slaves into the Northwestern Territory,
but, in effect, abolished the slavery which then existed there.
This is sufficiently obvious from the ternis of the ordinance.
And such is the effect which has been given to it by judicial de
cisión. I refer to the case of Harvey and others vs. Decker and
Hopkins, decided by the Supreme Court of Mississippi, in the
year 13Í8.— Walker's reports, p. 3C.
This was the case of three slaves who had been taken by
Decker from Virginia to the Northwestern Territory, in 1784,
where they remained until after the ordinance of 1787, and un-
til the year 1816.   How the case came up for adjudication in
Mississippi does not appear. It was fully argued upon a Mo-
tion for a new trial, and the Court decided that the slaves were
emancipated by the ordinance of '87. One of the points made
in the case was, that whatever might be the effect of the ordi>
nance, the slaves were emancipated by the Constitution of In-
diana, adopted in 1816. This was resisted on the ground that to
give it such an effect would boto violate vested rights. The de-
cision of the court on this point, coming from the highest judi-
cial triiunal of a stave State, is worthy of special notice.
"What (say the court) are these vested rights? Are they
derived from nature, or from the municipal law? Slavery is
condemned by reason and the laws of nature. It exists, and can
only exist through municipal regulations; and, in matters of
doubt, is it not an unquestioned rule that courts must lean in
Javorem vita, el liber talis? Admitting it was a doubtful point
whether the Constitution was to be considered prospective in its
operation or not, the defendants say, You take from us a vest-
ed ri^ht arising from municipal law. The petitioneis say, You
would deprive us of a natural right guarantied by the ordi-
nance and Constitution? How should the court decide, if eon^
structicn was really to determine it? In favor of liberty."
That the practical effect of the ordinance was to emancipate
the slaves within the Territory at the time of its adoption, (and
that, too, let it be remembered, without compensation, appears
from the fact that slaveholders in the Territory petitioned Con-
gress for a repeal of that part of the ordinance touching the
subject of slavery, upon the ground that it had such an
effect. I refer to the memorial of "the inhabitants of
the counties of St, Clair and Randolph," Illinois, presented
to Congress on the 12th of January, 1796. It is an inte-
resting document, embodying as it does the principal argument 
now urged, and always urged, against the emancipation of
slaves without the consent of their owners; and showing the
tenacity with which slavery clings to its wrongful possessions.
Let me state the substance of it.
The memorialists declared the ordinance to bo contrary to a
fundamental principle in all free countries, "that no ex pott
facto law should ever be made." They stated that they were,
at the date of the ordinance, possessed of a number of slaves,
which the sixth article "seemed to deprive them of, without
their consent or concurrence;" and they complained that the
effect of that article was to deprive them, not only of the slaves
holden by them at its date, but—what was a great grievance I—
of the children of those slaves born after that date; their right
to whom, they affirmed—and, as I think, with great truth—to
be as indefeasible as the right of their parents. They close
their complaint by saying that, so far as it respected them, the
ordinance was altogether ex parte; and that, if they had been
consulted, they would never have made a compact depriving -
them of their most valuable property.
Such was the ordinance of 1787—an ordinance passed unani-
mously, with the exception of a single vote. It is worthy nf
remark that, although this ordinance was drawn by a distin-
guished member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dane,] yet the idea
of abolishing slavery in the Northwestern Territory was origi-
nally brought out by Mr. Jefferson, having been suggested by
him in 1784, in his report, as chairman of a committee of Con-
gress, of a plan for the government of the Territory.
pfAnd now, sir, by what authority did the Congress of '87 thus
abolish slavery in the Northwestern Territory? Was there any
power to do it conferred by the Articles of Confederation which
will at all compare with the authority civen to Congress in the
present Constitution to abolish slavery here? None will pretend
it. And yet the ordinance was passed, and slavery abolished-—
so strong was the anti-slavery leeling of that day—so ready were
the men of the Revolution to strain authority tothe very utmost,
for the purpose of banishing slavery from the land which free-
men's blood had been profusely^ poured out to redeem from op-
pression's power.
OBJECTION— PROPEItTY  CANNOT BE   TAKSN   WITHOUT PROCESS
OP LAW, NO  WITHOUT COMPENSATION.
But it is said that the power to legislate "in all cases' whafao-
nvei" is restrained from abolishing slavery, by the fifth of the
amendments to the Constitution, which declares thjrt "no per-
S"nshall'be deprived o1 life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law." My reply to this is, that the term "property,"
as used in the amendment, cannot he there taken to mean slaves
because the Constitution itself calls them person', and treats
them as such. They are described in the Becond sectinn of the
fourth article as "persons held to service or labor;" and in the se-
cond section of the first article, which provides for their being
represented in this body, they are spoken of as "all other per-
sons." If, then, it had feeen intended to prohibit the taking of
slaves "without due process of law," then the amendment
should have so described them. The Constitution must he
madeitsnwn interpreter; and it calls them "persons." No
mere intendment, therefore, can include them within the mean-
ing of the term "property."
If it be said that this construction would not make the Consti-
tution prohibit individuals from depriving slaveholders of
their slaves without process of law, I admit it. Theguaiantee
extending, for the reason mentioned, in nowise to slaves, their
"owners" are, of course, left to their rights as existing indepen-
dent of the guarantee.
The honorable member from Georgia [Mr. Cooper] refers to
that^lauseof the amendment which prohibits the "taking of
piivate property for public use without just compensation,"
and finds in that an argument against abolishing slavery. "Is
it pretended (says he) that this Government lias a 'public use'
for this property?" Sir, 1 admit that Abolition does not take
for "public use." But I, at the same time, maintain that it
does not take at all, within the meaning of the Constitution. 'It
performs a nobler work than taking slaves for public use. It
takes offfrom them the crushing weight of laws which consign
them, without compensation, to the use of others, and restores
them to the use of themselves.   This is Abolition.
But I haveanotherreply to the argument drawn from the
amendment of the Constitution referred to. It is, that the Go-
vernment of (hellnited States has always refused to recognise
slaves "as property," for which "compensation" might be
cliimed under the Constitution. In numerous cases in Which
they were taken into the service of their masters as waiters,
and killed in the service, has Congress refused compensation,
though it has uniformly made it for horses and other property
destroyed by the enemy while employed in such Bervice.
But, what is more directly to the point now before us, Con-
gress has, in passing laws providing compensation fer property
impressed into the service—"taken for public use"—expressly
refused to include slaves. Thus, when the act of the 9th of
April, 1316, "authorizing the payment for the property lost,
