Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84d
f.^rH Cono-... 1st Skss.
¿Ibifaion Petitions—Mr  Slade.
H, of Reps.
I do not her* reierui uie .usortion often made that "slavery,
at it exis-3 at the S >u:h, 13 guarantied i>y the Constitution," be-
cause such an ssseruoa has not even plausibility enough to en-
Uüeii to notice m a grave discussion; though there are thou-
ganda, probably, who really believe that (here is such a guáran-
la —which those who claim the right of fiee discussion are
wickedly violiiing But I state the objection as it is expressed
by Mr. Van Uuieu in bis North Carolina correspondence. He
did not placea on the ground 01 a gua antee in the Constitu-
tion, or inferrible from i le Constitution, but ol a faith implied
in "the compromise which lies at the basis of tLe Federal com-
pact-" This is surely sufficiently indefinite for tho largest con-
venience of non-committalism.
The compromise! Where is if! And what is it? Those
who rely on it profess to infer it from the history of the pro-
ceediags on the question of slavery in the convention that
formed the Constitution.   What is that history?   Briefly this:
Slavery existed in a portion of the States. A desire existed
at the North to introduce an express provision into the Consti-
tution for its abolition. This the South lesisted; and the Con-
stitution was adopted wilhoul such provision.
These are the facta. What then was the compromise'} A
compromise involves a mutual concession. What did the
North soncedel She conceded ihe point 111 dispute. And what
was thai! Simpty whether the Constitution should abolish
slavery. How did this concession pledge the Nwrth not to speak,
write, print, 01 petition against slavery!
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this simple statement of the
case makes it almost too plain lor argument. The mind is ac-
tually compelled to labor to find even plausible ground for the
inference of the guarantee relied on; and yet that infeience is
maintained with great p. rtinactty. It is sai I that slavery was
an exciting subject, and that the convention, having agreed to .
diop it, and make no provision to abolish slavery, there there-
fore arose an implied guarantee ih it it should be no more dis-
cussed; but that ihe North should forever after hold her peace!
Now, however increduile his may appear to meu of com-
mon sense, it is really true that there is a sort of sense uncom-
mon enough to draw such an inference. 1 have no doubt it will
amaze many a farmer, when he sits down to read his newspa-
per, 10 find that this is the state of the case; and he will be
tempted to say that slavery makes as bid work with logic as it
doss with human rights. What! says lie; a guarantee that I
■hall say nothing about slavery, because the men that made the
Constitution, after talking about it awhile, stopped talking, and
made a Conatituti >n that did'ut abolish it/ This is st tange doc-
trine. I do not agree to it; for, in the first place, thesj slaves, if
they are black, are my brethren. The good book says that God
made of one blood al! nations of meo; and these slaves are men;
and they have feelings, too, as well as I, and rights, as well as I;
and 1 can't help feeling for them, and saying what I think about
their being held in bondage. In net, I don't see why the men that
pretend to own them might not just as well pretend to own me,
and come here and take me. And, nideei, I had almost as lief
they would, as to stop my talking about their enslaving the
black men; for how cana man help talking when he feels as
much as I do! And then, if I have a mind to write, and send it
to the printer, I should be glad to know why I may not do it, if I
do give the slaveholders a little scoring. But my speaking and
writing will go but little ways if slavery has a right to say to
the printer that he shall not print what I write.
Aed then I understand that there are six or seven thousand
slaves in the District of Columbia, and that there are pens there,
right in sight of the Capitol, where slaves that have been bought
are shot up, until there are enough of them got together to send
off to market, away to the South, where they will never see their
husbands, nor wives, nor parents, nor brothers, nor sisters, any
more. I declare it makes me feel bad to think about them.
And I understood that Congrass has a right to say that these six
or seven thousand slaves shall not he slaves any more; and,
atoo, that slaves shall not be bought and shut up there any more,
to be sent away to the South. Now I am told here, in this news-
paper, that because the men that made the Constitution stopped
talking about slavery, I am prohibited from sending my petition
to Congress asking it to exercise its power about slavery and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
I know it is said I may petition; but I do not see what use
there is in sending my petition to my representative, if, the mo-
ment he gets up with it in his hand, it is to be considered as ob-
jected to, and the question about its being received is to be con-
sidered as laid upon the table. Now, I consider that it all
amount* to saying, in a sort of back handed way—and I dislike
it the more for that—that my petition shall not be received or
considered; and I would as lief they would say that I shall not
write it and send it as to do this; for if they will not hear me,
what's the use in sending my petition, and asking my represen-
tative to present it?
Now, ae I said, I do not agree to all this. These rights of
speaking, and writing, and printing, and petitioning are great
rights, which I am thinking these Constitution-makers would
have had no business to stop the exercise of, even if they had
put it in the Constitu'ion; and certainly that it cannot be stopped
merely because they stopped talking about slavery; for, if I
understand the matter, that stopping only meant that they
would say no more about abolishing slavery by the Constitu-
tion; and what shows this is, that they went to talking about
slavery, ani writing about it, and printing about it, and having
societies about it, and petitioning about it, right off after the
Constitution was formed.
And, besides all this, the Constitution, if I remember right,
•ays that Congressshall make no law abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press, or the right of the people to petition for
a redressof grievances. Now, I think it is pretty essentially
abridg ng these rights to say that I shall not speak nor write, nor
have my writing piinted, about slavery; and that I shall not pe-
tition against slavery and the slave trade in the tiistrict of Co-
lumbia; for, if there ever was any thing that grieved me, it is
that slavery, and that buying and selling, and driving and ship-
ping to market, of men, women, and children m that Dis-
trict.                                                        ...
Toe good book, again, tells me to remember those that are in
bonds as bound with them; (and this—as bound with them—I
take it, means something;) and yet I must not say, or write, or
piint a word about my feelings, because the Constitution-ma-
kers steppe 1 talking ah jut slavery while they were making the
Constitution. And then, again, I may pray, and do pray every
day.to my Heavenly Father for the slaves,and His ears are open
to my prayer; and yet, Congress shuts its ears, and won't hear
me, because the Constitution-makers stopped talking about
slavery while they were hammering out the Constitution!
How absurd it is to suppose an implied guarantee against the
54
exercise of these rights, when that very Constitution declares
th.it they shall not be abridged, aud does not. make any excep-
tion of the case of slavery ! I am told it was Virginia that was
the means of putting this into the Constitution: and I thank Vir-
ginia for it. Now, 11 seems to me that, if they had meant to ex-
cept the case of slavery, they would have said so right out, and
not left it to this loose sort of umlei standing, which, after all, I
do not see was any understanding at all.
The fact is, it's a pretty great affair to take away these natural
rights of speaking and printing and petitioning; and especially
to take them away in such a oase as this. And then, to take
them away by implication, too. Why, if I had seen it in the
Constitution itself, I should hardly have believed my eyes; and
yet they say I am deprived of these rights by implication !
Now, it seems to me that in such a case as this, if there is to be
any thing implied, it should be the other way; that is, in favor
of my natural rights, and especially in favor of the rights of
the poor slave, that I think about just as much as I do about my
own.
And now, to sum up the whole matter, it is my opinion that
this implication ought to be turned the other e,i,l foremost.
That's the natural way; and. besides, I have heard it said that
when the Constitution was made, every body expected that
slavery would be abolished in a little while; and, as I don't see
how that could be done unless folks were to be allowed to speak
and print against it. I think that is evidence that the under-
standing was that way.
Now, Mr. Speaker, look at this ploughman, as he lays
down his newspaper, takes off his spectacles, and thus
reasons, and tell me if his argument is not conclusive and un-
answerable.
Such, sir. is the common sense which 'is at work among the
people upon this questiun, which slavery has so much mystified;
and this is the way the cobweb arguments that have been elabo-
rated for its protection are swept away. You will perceive
that my farmer has brought his reasoning to a very important
conclusion, namely, that all implication in such a case should
be iu favor of natural rights; and, therefore, should, in this case,
be exactly the reverse of what is claimed in behalf of slavery.
And is he not correct) Is it not demanded by the common sense
and unperverted feelings of all men, that implication shall ne-
ver be permitted to take away or abridge such important rights
as those of speech and the press, and petition, or be used to sus-
tain such a usurpation as that of slavery? Does not natural
justice revoltat H? Does not humanity, in lier breathless strug-
gle for victory over oppression, after a contest of ages, cry out
against it? And yet this very implication is now claimed to "he
at the basis of our Federal compact!"
An implied pledge that the rights of speech, and the press, and
petition, shall be sacrificed in favor of slavery! What; sir,
would have been the sensation in the Convention of '87 if such
a pledge had been presented fir its action, in the form of an ar-
ticle of the Constitution? What expressions of amazement and
indignation would have lowered in the countenancesoi Wash-
ington and Madison and Franklin upon its annunciation; and
how would its adoption have shaken the country with a very
earthquake of indignant feeling! And yet now ! "the compro-
mise of the Constitution," and "the guarantee of the Constitu
tion," and "the implied faith of the Constitution" in favor of
slavery are as familiar with Southern gentlemen, in their dis-
cussions of this subject, as household words. Sir, it is time this
delusion were dispelled, and the Constitution, in its true relation
, to this great question of slavery, properly understood.
Though, Mr. Speaker, the ploughman's common sense argu-
ment seems to me quite sufficient to settle this question, yet
there are other reasons, not, of course, so readily occurring to
him, which greatly strengthen the conclusion to which he ar-
rives, namely, that the implication, instead of being against the
free exercise of the rights tf speech and the press, and peti-
tion, was clearly in its favor. This implication necesarily
grows out of theUuion itself—that very union fiom which the
contrary implication is attempted to be drawn.
The Union gave to the North a new and deep interest in tbe
question of slavery. Without the Union, the people of the
North would have felt the strong impulse of motives to which
no heart can be insensible, urging the consideration of a sub-
ject so deeply interesting to the human race. But, when the
Union was formed, they came to sustain to slavery a new rela-
tion, involving interests and rights having important bearings
on the present question.
In adopting the Constitution, the North entered into a stipu-
lation to deliver up fugitives from oppression—a stipulation
whose execution is abhorrent to humanity,and from which the
whole soul of a freeman instinctively revolts. Provisions also
were conceded whereby the power of the whole Union was
pledged to protect the States from invasion, and to put down
domestic violence. The relation of all these stipurations to
slavery is obvious, The burden they imposed is obvious—a
burden rendered severer by the unnatural character of stipula-
tions to aid in sustaining slavery. Nature itself dictates that
such stipulations should never, by any construction, be extended
beyond the strict "letter of the bond;" and that, while a literal
compliance is yielded, the largest liberty should be allowed to
the burdened party to use all lawful means to remove the ne-
cessity of a compliance. Thus, for example: If.I were bound
by specific obligation to deliver up to my neighbor his fugitive
slaves and to assist him in putting down their efforts to regain
their natural rights, and to defend him from attacks which might
be invited, and rendered more hazardous to him by their pre-
sence in his family, every body would say that this very obliga-
tion would give me a peculiar claim to use all reasonable means
to persuade him to emancipate them, and thus release me from
the burdensome and unnatural obligation.
The North is, moreover, bound to assist in providing '-fo ithj
common defence," as well as specifically to defend each ajare
from invasion, and to put down domestic, violence And will it
be asked what has the North to do with slavery, when it is con-
sidered what an element of national weakness exists in the two
1 millions and three-quarters of slaves within the limits of the na-
tion? The South now say— hands off; let usalone! But should
they come to feel the combined pressure ■ f foreign war and do-
m-siic insurrection—which may Heaven avert!—should not we
of the Nsrth be bound by the Constitution to pour out our blood
and expend our treasure in grappling with slavery—it might be,
in its stroneest paroxysms of despair and desperation? And
shall we not'be permitted to ask our Southern brethren to avert
this danger, by converting these millions of natural enemies into
erateful friends, and thus turning this element of weakness into
an element of strength?   Can any thing be more reasonable than
I know the South affect to despise these stipulation  of the
Constitution, aud say, we ask none of your help—we can take
care ol'ourselves. But who does not peiceive the use which •
loreign enemy might make of the slave population, now num-
bering a littleless than three millions—a fearful number!—but
rising, it may be, ten, fifteen, or twenty millions? Who can
calculate the strength of the inducement that might be holden
out to them? Freedom! What allies would this word raise
up, and bring to the aid of an invader! And where then would
be the boast, we want none of your help—we can take care of
ourselves!
Think not, Mr. Speaker, that this is the mere creation of a 
excited fancy, introduced here to help out an argument for abo-
lition. It is as impossible to contemplate the existence of a ra-
pidly increasing slave population in our country without such,
lorebodmgs as it would be to be unmindful of a magazine in pre-
sence of an enemy, with bomb-shells charged for its explosion.
Whoever has read the debates in the Virginia Convention, in
1788, upon the United States Constitution, will remember the
glowing picture of this danger drawn by Patrick Henry, and
the aigument he founded on it, that the obligation imposed on
the General Government to "provide for the common defence'1
carried with it a light not only to say "that every black man
must fight," but a right actually to abolish slavery within the
States. It is not to my present purpose todincuss that question;
but it is to ask whether there is not enough in the basis on which
he fouuded his argument to justify the people of the North in
the utmost exercise of their rights of speech and the press, and
petition and legislation against slavery.
If there are any still disposed to regard with indifference the
argument 1 have drawn from this source, let me commend to
their special attention the extract which I will now read from a
speech of Mr. Madison, in the first Congress, in 1789. Speaking
ol the abolition of the slave-trade, he says:
'I should venture to say it is as much for the interests of
Geoigia arid South Caroln aas ofany Slate in the Union. Every
addition they receive to the number of slaves tends to weaken
them, and renders them less capable ef self-defence. In case of
hostilities with foreign nations, they will be the means of invit-
ing attack, instead of repelling invasion. It is a necessary
duty of the General Government to protect every part of the
emitiré against danger, as well internal as external. Every
thing, therefore, which tends 10 increase this danger, though it
may be a local affair, yet, if it involves national expense or
safety, it becomes of concern to every part of the Union, and is
a propersubjict for the consideiation of those charged with the
general administration of the Government "
Thus you see, sir, that the very lather of the Constitution—
the man so eminently distinguished for his intelligence, his
seund judgment, and his sober, practical views—perceived, and
yielded to the force of the argument drawn from the weakness
and the danger of slavery.
And, Mr. Speaker, how great'y is this argument strengthened
by the rapid increase of the slave population; and especially by
the obstinate dtterinu anon evinced to resist all attempts to per-
suade to its abolition accompaniedeven by studied vindications of
it as an institution to be sustained and cherished. Who will
not feel impressed with a sense of this danger when he hear- 
such declarations as the following from a Governor of one of
the slave States of this Union:
"Domestic slavery, therefore, instead of being a political evil,
is the cornerstone of our republican edifice. No patriot who
j ustly estimates our privileges will tolerate the idea of emanci-
pation, at every period, however remote, or on any condition of
pecuniary advantages, however favorable. I would as soon
open a negotiation for selling the liberty ol the State at once, as
for making any stipulations for the ultimate emancipation of
our slaves "
Having spoken of the attempts of those whom he calls "foreign
incendiaries" to reason the South out of its suicidal attachment
to slavery, he says:
"It is my deliberate opinion that the laws of every commani-
ty should punish this species of interference by death without
the benefit of clergy, regarding the authors of it as enemies of
the human race!"
Such was the declaration of Governor McDumein a message
to the Legislature of South Carolina in 1834; and it has since
been followed by the notorious threat ol hanging, made on the
floor of the Senate of the United States.
Can any body fail to see, in the infatuation of all this, aug'
mented danger in the institution of slavery?
But, Mr. Speaker, aside from all considerations of national
hazard, or mere constitutional obligation of defence and protec-
tion, how strongly must the North teel impelled te take an in-
tereset in the matter of slavery by the simple relation of bro-
therhood resulting from the Union. This can be better felt than
described, but is nowhere better described than in the simple,
touching declaration: "Whether one member suffer, all the
members suffer with it; or one member be honored, all the mem-
bers rejoice with it." It is impossible to extinguish this feel-
in17!
But, besides, let it be considered that, by coming into the
Union, the North made slavery in a sense its own—that is, to the
extent of the express stipulations to which I have referred. And
it, has since become err phatically its own, to the extent of
slavery ¡¿'thisDistrict, and a slave trade here as horrible and die-
graceful as is to be found in Christendom. Has not the North,
as well as the whole country, thus assumed a high responsibili-
ty to liberty and humanity? And mvy not the people of the
North, and of every part of the United State , seek to discharge
that responsibility by any and all the means which the full ex-
tent of power recognised in the Constitution shall warrant?
In asking, as is so often done, "W hat has tho North to do with
slavery?" it seems to be supposed that, because the North have
no power to legislate slavery outo* the slave States, therefore
they have no right to attempt to fUNson it out, without reflecting
tha', while legislation by the Congress of the United States is
limtedbythe grant of power in the Constitution, there is, and
from the nature of the case can be, no such limitation to tbe ex-
ercise of miral power. Its legislation, so to speak, is not the
crea ure of constitutional grant. It has a higher origin; 1'. rests
on a deeper foundation. Its jurisdiction is the world. It seeks
noaidfnmcuilpower. I: acts on mind, and win a mightier
than th cv il arm—with an e> ergy wh ch no such arm can re-
sist Wherever mind can come in contact wi'h mind, through
the agencies of speech and the press, there, restrained by no--
thing but truth and justice, it puts fonh its energies, and
hievesac it  victories.
While the Constitution gave to "thel people of the United
qtatf*" no authority to repeal the slave laws of the States, and
banish fclavery from their borders, it left truth—omnipo-
tenttroth-truth unfettered-free as the spirit of man-to take
