850
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cono««-1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
H. of Heps.
the wings of the morning, and fly to the uttermost parts of the
land Instead of attempting the imposibility ol binding it, the
Constitution guarantied to it a tongue and a press, and left to
go forth to us mighty conflict with error.
It seems to me that those who denied this freedom to truth,
and claim that it is bound by constitutional fetters, do not re-
flect on the strange, anomalous condition in which they thus
place the free States ol" this Union. To most of the civilized
world we may freely utter the voice ol truth on the subject ol
slavery, (for by what lines of latitude, or mountains, or oceans,
canthat voice be confined!) while to our Southern brethren we
may not speak, because—they are our brethren! Were the Ca-
aatias slave States, we might brine to bear on them—as Great
Britain has, through her West India emancipation, upon the
Southern States of this Union—an anti-slavery influence which
they would find it difficult to resist. Nothing but a wall reach-
ing to heaven, and penetrating to the centre ol the earth, could
exclude thai influence. And yet the Union of these States has
reared upon "Mason and Dixon's line" that wall of separation!
It leaves, indeed, a gate through which the North may pass and
must pass, when dangers threaten; but when we have poured
out our blood to aid in protecting and securing slavery, we must
retire, without utteiing, on pam el death, one word of admoni-
tion against a continuance of the institution. We must fight and
pay to suppress its insurrections, but may not reason and re-
monstrate to put an end to its injustice, and relieve the country
from its danger.   And this is the Union!
I tiave sometimes heard it said that, in forming the Union, the
North took the South with the incumbrance of slavery, and
must patiently bear its evils. But the South, it may with equal
propriety be said, took the North with the incumbrance—if such
it may be called—of freedom. Each necessarily subjected itself
to the influence of the other—an influence exerted by the official
intercourse growing out of a common Government, and the fa-
cilities of social and commercial intercourse resulting from the
Union.
And, sir, the North, has felt that influence, and still feels it.
It has, as I shall soon show, felt it ever since the Government
went into operation, in the control whishslavery has maintained
over its whole action. Where the balance of influence will ul-
timately fall, remains to be seen. If the free States are true to
themselves and to the great principles of freedom, standing firm
in their defence, there can be no doubt that those principles will
finally triumph. But, to secure that result, there must be a bet-
ter understanding of these piinciples, and more firmness in
maintaining them, than I have ever been permitted .to witness
here.
There is, Mr. Speaker, something monstrous in the idea that
this Uuion was formed to perpetuate slavery. Yet such is to
be the result if the claims of the South are to be susta ned; for
the Union is, in effect, thereby thrown around slavery as a shield
of defence against the power of truth, which.might otherewise
ba brought to bear against it. Before the Union, we might have
spoken, and spoken with great effect. Without the Union we
might now put forth our moral power in unison with the influ-
ence of British emancipation. But the Union has been formed,
and—we must be silent! While the rest of the world is moving
on this great question of human rights, we must be silent be-
cause we have formed the Union! This whole land is to be
shrouded in the darkness of Egypt, and hushed in tha silence of
death on the great subject which is moving Christendom, be-
cause we have formed the Union!
Mr. Speaker, if this is to be the effect of the formation of this
Union; if it is thus to become an instrument ef perpetuating
slavery, then should the preamble to the covenant of silence, the
compact of iniquity, hare been made to read thus: ''We the peo-
ple of the United States, in order to form a more imperfect
Union, establish injustice, ensure domestic diwon:, provide for
the common weakness, promote the general injury, and secure
the course of slavery to ourselves ana our posterity, do ordain
and establish, this Constitution for the United States of Ame-
rica."
Such, sir, should have been the preamble to tha Constitution;
for it would be perfectly descriptive of it if the Union of which
it is the compact, is to become what the claims of the South
would really make it—an instrument of perpetuating slavery.
It is urged as an argument for supdressing freedom of speech
and the press, and petition on the subject of slavery, that the
free exercise of these rights will have the effect of dissolving
the Union.   Now, sir, 1 maintain precisely the reverse of this.
I maintain that this very suppression, if it can be effected, will,
of itself, dissolve the Union. You might as well expect that the
stopping up of .¡Etna's crater would not produce an earthquake,
as that a dissolution of the Union would not follow such a sup-
pression. Every man who knows any thing of the nature of
the human soul, and the power of its agonizing sympathies
with human suffering and oppression, must admit this. Be-
ware how you trifle with these sympathies! Call them weak-
ness: brand them as fanaticism: denuunce them as incendiary.
Yet they exist, and will exist, and ought to exist; and your con-
tempt and abuse of them will only increase their intensity.
Sir, if you would preserve this Union, cease to treat thus
•ontemptuously the best feelings of the human heart. Cease to
hurl hack in the faces of the men and women of the North their
humble petitions, praying, in the name of our common huma-
nity, that you would repeal your laws which hold their brethren
in bondage. Sir, you owe it to them; you owe it to the Consti-
tution; you owe it to the great principles of liberty which this
nation drew in with the first breath of its existence, and which
•end the pulsations of health through every part of our Repub-
lican system, not to abiidge the liberty of speech, and of the
press, and of petition in connection with the subject of slaveiy.
II  you will assail these rights, let it be in connection with some
other subject; but never-never in connection with this! Guard
them witn vestal vigilance. If slavery suffers from them, it
must suffer. If it falls in its contest with "truth left free," then
let it fall. Its fall will be the safety of the country and the per-
petuity of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, is slavery to be put in competition with the
freedom of speech, and of the press, and the right of petition?
Which shall be surrendered, the slavery of the black man? or
the noblest freedom ol the white maní If both cannot live
together, which shall die? Who can doubt; who can hesitate
on such a question? And yet, sir, we are told that this contest
between freedom and slavery was setiled fi ¡ty years ago in favor
of slavery; not by the Constitution; that would have been
monstrous! but by implications growing out of "the compro-
mise th H lies at the basis of the Federal compact!" Sir, if this
implication liesatthe hasisof the compact of our Union, then
was the Union placed on a mine, to be shattered mlo a thousand
frajrner.ta by it  inevitable exploeion.
And, sir, what I say of the ert'ects of the abridgment of the
speech ami of the press, and of the Tight of petition, which is
insisted on as a part of the "compromise," 1 must say of sla-
very itself. Its permanency is utterly incompatible with the
permanency of tins Union. Who can expec. that a a free peo-
ple can be held in fraternal embrace forever with a commu-
nity where slavery is cherished and proclaimed as "the corner
stone of Republican institutions'!" The thing is impossibe.
'•The lily and the bramble may grow in social proximity, but
liberty and slavery delight in separation " Such was the senti-
ment of Pmkney, uttered in the Maryland Houie of Delégales
fifty years ago. And, sir, whaC hethtis utteredas a general
truth will, as sure as man is man,become history, if the South
persist in maintaining slaveiy against the feelings of the
North, and against the enlightened judgment and en-
larged humanity of the civilized world. If the framers
of the Constitution had attempted to from a compact ol union
specifically providing for the perpetuity of slavery, they would
have been guilty of the most consummate folly; and yet we
now hear of "the guarantees of the Constitution," and "the com-
promises of the Constitution" in favor of slave'y! Sir, the
guarantees were all the other way—guarantees drawn from the
very nature of the Union, from the spiritof the times in which
it was formed, and from the great principles which "lie at the
basis" of all our cherished institutions.
While looking at the objection to the exercise by Congress of
its power of abolishing slavery here, drawn from a considera-
tion of the indirect influence of such legislation upon the insti-
tution of slavery in the States, which seems to constitute the
burden of the objection, I have been reminded of the view taken
of the indirect influence ol Congressional anti-s!aveiy legisla-
tion by Mr. Madison, in the debates in th%, first Congress, to
which I wish to call the particulai attention of the House.
Congress, it will be recollected, was prohibited by the Consti-
tution from abolishing the slave trade prior to the year 1808.
In the debate upon a petition of Dr. Franklin and others—to
which I shall by and by more particularly refer—praying that
Congress would "step to the very verge of the power vested"
in it for discouraging the traffis in slaves, the same objection
was urged against the action ol Congress which is now urged.
On that occasion, Mr Jackson of Georgia, said:
'• I apprehend if, through the interference of the General Go-
vernment, the slave trade was abolished, it would evince to the
people a disposition towards a total emancipation, and they
would hold theirproperty m jeopardy.    I hope the House will
order the petition to be laid on the table, in order to prevent
alarming ourSoutiiernbrethren."
And what said Mr. Madison to this?
" He admitted (says the report of that debate) that Congress
is restricted by the Constitution from taking measures to abolish
the slave trade. Yet there are (said he) a variety of ways by
which it could countenance the abolition; and regulations might
be made in relation to the introduction of them into the new
States to be formed out of the Western Territory. He thought
the subject well worthy of consideration."
Thus, though Congress could no more then abolish the slave
trade than it can now abolish slavery in the States, yet, in Mr.
Madison's opinion, it mi^ht very properly so exercise its ad-
mitted powers of regulating the introduction of slaves into t!,e
new States, as to "countenance" the abolition of the trade.
Georgia and South Carolina were then as jealous of the action
of Congress upon i he subject of slavery, lest it should counte-
nance the abolition of the slave trade, and place "their property
in jeopardy, as they now arc lest the action of Congress in abo-
lishing slavery and the slave trade in this District should coun-
tenance the like abolition in the States. But Mr. Madison was
not to be deterred by this from going, in the language of Dr.
Franklin's petition, to the "very verge of the power vested in
Congress" over the subject of slavery. The modern notions of
expediency in regard to this matter seem not to have entered his
mind. Then, indeed, slavery did not stand so much higher
than any other interest in the country, as to reverse all the ordi-
nary principles of legislation for the purposes of its security and
protection. On the contrary, it was considered right to exer-
cise the power of Congress ever the subject of slavery in the
-ferntories, "with a view" to "countenancing" what Congress
could not then directly accomplish— the abolition of the slavery
and the slave trade. If Mr. Madison were now in this hall, and
should advance such a doctrine in regaid to the abolition ef
slave trade here, he would be denounced as a disturber of the
peace, a''desperate fanati.-," and an enemy of the Union. What
•'a change has come o'er the spirit of" this nation since the Con-.
gress of eighty-nine Í
While considering the subject of Congressional action in. cases
in which it may indirectly exert an unfavorable influence upon
slavery, the abolition, by Congress, of slavery in the North-
western Territory, to which I have already adverted, cannot
escape attention. The ordinance of 1787 decreeing that aboli-
tion, was expressly ratified by the first Congress underthe pre-
sent Constitution. But who can read that ordinance, and espe-
cially the preamble to the "six articles" embodied in it, to
which Ishall hereafter more particularly refer, without perceiv-
ing the immense ariti slavery influence it was calculated to exerl?
But the truth was, the country was not then afraid of that influ-
ence; for it was, as I shall presently show, in full accordance
with the strong anti-slavery feeling of those times.
In attempting to maintain the right of the North to exert, by
all constitutional means, and to the full extent of constitutional
authotity, an anti-slavery influence on the South, I have drawn
an argument from the Unton itself, and the fraternal relation
which that Union created. But, sir. while I thus reasen fh.m
the Union and its fraternal relations, in favor of the right of
acting on Southern sentiment, in regard to slavery, I desire to
declare most emphatically the deep sense I entertain of the pe.
culiar obligation which this relation imposes upon the worth
to act in this matter in the spirit of fraternal kindness and good
will. This obligation would exist without the Union, for it is
universal; much more does it exist with the Union. We do not
address ourselves to strangers and foreignets, but to our fellow-
citizens; our brethren, to whom we are hound by a thousand
endearing ties and patriotic recollections. If we claim to address
them on the ground that we are their brethren, then arc we
solemnly bound to do it in the spirit of brotherly kindness and
charity. In that spirit, if I know myself, I now speak; in that
spirit I have ever spoken; and in that spirit I desire to assure the
South I shall always speak, here and elsewhere, on this sub-
ject.
IMPLIED PLEDGE OP THE SOUTH TO THE NORTH.
I have thus endeavored to show that Congress has power to
abolish slavery and the slave trade in this District, and to meet
me objections to the exercise of that power, drawn from a sup
posed implied pledge to Virginia and Maryland in accepting the
the cessions, and an implied pledge to the whole South, in the
act of coming into the Union.
Thus fur, however, I have occupied a defensive position, en-
deavoring, as well as I was able, to vindicate, from the charge
of violating pledges and disregarding compromises, those who
have asked Congress to abolish slavery and the slave tjade
here; and who have exercised what they believe to be their just
freedom of speech and of the press, for the purpose of convinc-
ing the Southern States of the duty of abolishing slavery within
their limits.
But, sir, I am not disposed to act merely on the defensive. I
intend to show that, while the South charges the North with a
violation of implied pledges in regard to slavery, she has her-
self violated her own clearly implied pledges on this very sub-
ject.
Whoever will look into the history of the period when the
Constitutuion was foi ined, will find that it was then the univer-
sal expectation—an expectation excited by the slave States
themselves, especially by Virginia and Maryland—that slavery
would, at no distant day, bo abolished by their own le-
gislation. Abol.tition, as I have already, intimated and
will now show, was emphatically the spirit of those times.
Slavery was regarded as a doomed institution—as des-
tilled to bo "of few days," and declared to be "full
of evil." It was considered and Heated as a dangerous
intruder, that was to be allowed, from necesity, to hold, tempo,
rarily, as a tenant at sufferance, but by no means to be permitted
to enjoy a fr.e simple m this soil ol freedom. This feeling per-
vaded the country; it pervaded the Convention that formed the
Constitution, and must iiei'essaiily luve formed an essential
elementin the com promises which led to its adoption.
Anti-slavery was the prevalent feeling (if the Revolution.
With its first breath ihis nation drew in an abhorrence of slave-
ry in eveiyform. The colonial policy of the mother country,
by which it had been introduced, was the subject of almost uni-
versal execration. It was then htld to be "self evident" that
all men were "created equal, and endowed by their Creator
with the inalienable rightsof life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness." This great truth—not slavery—was regarded as
"the corner-stone of our Republican edifice."
Nor was it held to be exclusively applicable to tha Anglo-
Saxon race; but the descendantsof Africa were to enjoy its be-
nefits and blessings. Accordingly we find the work of African
emancipation eaily commencing under its influence. Vermont
toek the lead by declaring in her Constitution in 1777 that there
should be no slavery within her limits. Massachusetts and
Pennsylvania followed in 17S0, and New Hampshire, Connectj.
cut, and Rhode Island in 1784. The motives and spirit of these
great movements are well set forth in the-preambleto the Abo-
lition act of Pennsylvania; a part of which I beg permission to
read.
Having recounted the dangers and deliverances of the Revo-
lution, and expressed "a giateful sense of the manifold bles-
sings undeservedly received from the hand of that Being from
whom cometh every good and perfect gift," the preamble says:
"Impressed with these ideas, we conceive that it is our duty,
and we rejoice that it is in our power, to extend a portion of that
freedom to others which has been extended to us. * * *
We esteem it a peculiar blessing that we are this day enabled to
add one more step to universal civilization by removing as
much as possible the sorrows of those who have lived in un-
deserved bondage. Weaned by a long course of experience
from those narrow prejudicesveehadimbibed, wefindourhearts
enlarged with kindness and benevolence towards men of all
conditions and nations; and we conceive ourselves, at this parti-
cular period, extraordinarily called upon, by the bleesings we
have received, to manifest the sincerity of our professions, and
togive a substantial proof ot our gratitude."
"And whereas the condition of those persons who have been
heretofore denominated negro and mulatto slaves, has been at-
tended with circumstances which not only deprived them of the
common blessings they were, by natuie, entitled to, but has
cast them into the deepest afllictions by an unnatural separation
and sale of husband and wife from each other, and their ctiil-
eren—an injury, the greatness of which can only be conceived
by supposing that we were in the same unhappy case. In jus-
tice, therefore, to persons so unhappily circumstanced, and
who, having no prospect befors them wherein tfey may lest
their sorrows and their hopes, have no reasonable inducement
to render the service to society which they otheiwise might;
and, also, in grateful commemoration of our own happy deli-
verance from thats'ateof unconditioual submission to which
we were doomed by the tyranny of Britain: Be it enacted, that
no child hereafter born shall be a slave, <cc."
Hf re, Mr. Speaker, is exhibited the spirit of (hose times. Let
this precious preamble be borne in mind as we proceed.
In accordance with the spirit which dictated the emancipa-'
tions of Penrs.ylvania and other States, was the ordnance of
1787, to which 1 have referred. Let me call your attention to the
preamble to the six articles in that ordinance, the last of which
abolished slavery in the Northwestern Territory. It declares,
among other things, that, "forextending the fundamental prin-
ciples of civil and religious liberty, which form the basis
whereon these Bepublics, thcu' laws and constitutions are
erected, to fix and establish those principles as the basis of all
laws, constitutions, and governments, which lorever hereafter
shall be formed in the said Territory. * ' * It is hereby
ordained," <fcc.
Such was the.preamble to that act abolishing slavery. Then
Abolition was regarded as extending "the fundamental princi-
ples" which lay at the basis of our Republican institutisns.
Now, slavery is held to be "the cornerstone" of our Republican
edifice!"
Still further to exhibit the spiritof those times, let me refer
to the declara! ions ol some of the leadirg statesmen of that day.
In 1773, Patrick Henty, inalelterto Robert Pleasants, after-
wards President of the Virginia Abolition Society, said:
'■Is it not amazing that, at a time whf n rights of humanity
are defined and understood with precision, in a country above
all others fond of l.berty. we find men professing a religion the
most humane, mild, gentle, and geneious. adopting a principle
as repugnan! lo hun anity as it is inconsistent with the Bible,
and destructive to liberty? Every thinking, hontst man, re-
jects it in speculation; hnw few in piactice, from conscientious
motives! ' * * I believe atime will ci me when an oppor-
tunity will be offered to abolish this lamentable evil. ™jery
thing we can do is to improve it, if it happen in our day; if not,
let us transmit to our descendants, together with our slaves, a
pity for their unhappy lot, and our abhorrence of slavery. .
•   "  Believe roe, I shall honor the 9, uakers for their WW «•
