Jan. 1840.
26th Cokg....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
fart* to ahjlish slavery, It is a debt we owe 10 the purity of our
religion 10 show th.i' it is at variance with that law that war-
rants slaveiy. I exhort you to persevere in so worthy areso-
luuon.''
In 1776, Dr. Hopkins, ihen at the head of tlio New England
divines, in "an address to the owners of negro slaves in the Ame-
rican Colonies," says:
"Tne conviction of the unjiistifiaMeness of this practice (sla-
very) has been increasing ami greatly spreading of late; and
many who have had slaves have toun t themselves so unable to
justily their own conduct in holding them in bondage, as to be
induced 10 set them at liberty. ' • * ¡Slavery is, in every
instance, wrong, unriihteous, and oppressive—a very great
and cryin  sin—there being nothing of the kind equal to it on
the faceol the earth."
Near the close of the Revolutionary war, Mr. Jefferson, in
bis Notes on Virginia, said:
"I think a change already perceptible since the origin of the
present revolution. The spirit of the master is abating, that of
«he slave is rising from the dust, his condition mollifying, and
the way, I hope, preparing, under the auspices of Heaven, lor
a total emancipation."
In 1*80, John Jay, in a letter from Spain, wrote:
"The Slate of New York is rarely out of my mind or heart;
and I amollen disposed to write much respecting its affairs. But
1 have 90 Utile information as to its present political objects and
operations, that I am afraid to attempt it. An excellent law
might be made out of the Pennsylvania one for the gradual abo-
lition of slavery, li'l America comes into this measure, her
prayers to Heaven will be impious. This is a strong expres-
sion, but it is just. Were I in your Legislature, I would pre-
sent a bill, drawn for the purpose with great care; and I would
never cease moving it till it became a law, or 1 ceased to be a
member. I believe God governs the world; and I believe it to
be a maxim in his, as m our court, that those who ask for equity
ought to do it."
Drawing nearer to the time when the Constitution was
adopted, and the "compromises" made whith "guarantied" the
perpetuity of slavery'. we come te the celebrated letter of Mr.
Jefferson to Dr. Price, of London, dated at Paris, August 7,1785.
Dr. Price had written a pamphlet on the subject of slavery, and
Mr. Jefferson's letter was in reply to one from the Doctor on the
subject of his pamphlet
Mr. Jefferson begins by speaking of the manner in which he
thinks the pamphlet—which, it seems, had been extensively
circulated in America—will have been received. "Souhward
<5f theCbesapeake," he thinks, "it will find but few readers con-
curring with it in sentiment." From the mouth to the head of
the Chesapeake it would be received more favorably—"the bulk
of the people approving it in theory"—slaveholding keeping
'the consciences of many uneasy;" while northward of the
Chesapeake the opponents of its doctrines would be about as
rare as "robbers and murderers."   He then proceeds to say:
"la Maryland I do not fir.dsuch a disposition to begin the re-
dress of this enormity as in Virginia. This is the next State to
which we may turn our eyes for the interesting spectacle of
justice in conflict with avarice and oppression; a conflict,
wherein the sacred side is gaining daily reciuits from the influx
into office ol young men grown and growing up These have
sucked in the principles of liberty as it weie with their mother's
milk, and it is to them I look with anxiety to turn the fate of
this question. Be not, therefore, discouraged. What you have
written will do a great deal of good; and, could you still trouble
"yourself with our welfare, no man is more able to give aid to
(he laboring side." [Mr. Jefferson was not afraid of foreign in-
terference. He looked into toe question of slavery as belonging to
00 country exclusively, but affecting the common humanny.]
The College of William and Mary, in Williamsburg, since the
remodelling of its plan, is the place where are collected together
all the young men of Virginia under preparation for public
life. They are there under the direction, most of them, of a
Mr. Wythe, one of the most virtuous of characters, and whose
sentiments on the subject of slavery are unequivocal. lam
satisfied, if you could resolve to address an exhortation to those
young men with alt the eloquence of which you are master,
that its influence on the future decision of this important ques-
tion would be great, perhaps decisive." [What a request! A
Virginian asking an Abolitionist to address a letter oa the subject
of slavery to the young men rf that State, preparing for public
life! Andthey, too, members of a college! Now the subject
must not be agitated in colleges, even in New England, and Dr.
Price's pamphlets and letters to the young men of Virginia
.would be seized in the post offices and burnt.]
Thus you see," continues Mr. Jefferson, "that, so far from
thinking you have cause to repent of what you have done, I
wish you todo more, and wish it on the assurance of its effect.
The information I have received from A nerica of the reception
of your pamphlet in the different States agrees with the ex-
pectation! had formed.                    THOS. JEFFERSON."
Proceeding in the order of time, I come to the declarations of
Washington. In writing to Robert Morris on the 12th of April,
1736, General Washington said:
"There is not a man living who wishes more sincerely than I
do, to see a plan adopted for the abolition of slavery; but there is
only one proper and effectual mode by which it can be accom-
plished, and that is, by legislative authority, and this, as far as
my suffrage will go, shall never be wanting."
On the 10th of May, 1786, he thus wrote to Lafayette:
"It (abolition) certainly might and ought to be effected, and
that, too, by legislative authority."
In a letter to John Fenton Mercer, of September 9, 17S6, he
said:
"It is among my first wishes to sec some plan adopted by
which slavery in this country may be abolished by law."
To John Sinclair he wrote:
"There are in Pennsylvania laws for the gradual abolition of
slavery which neither Maryland nor Virginia have at present,
but wnich nothing is more certain than that they must have,
and ata period not remote."
These strong expressions of sentiment by General Washing-
ton, it should be observed, were uttered only a year before the
session of the Convention, himself at its head, which formed
the Constitution that "guaranties" the perpetuity of slavery!
But let us come a little nearer to the adoption of the Constitu-
In an address by the Hon James Campbell, before the Penn-
sylvania Society of Cincinnati, on the Fourth of July, 1787, he
"Our separation from Great Britain has extended the empire
of humanity.   The time ia not far distant when our sister States,
H. of Reps
in mutation of our example, shall turn their vassals into ftce-
The Convention that formed the Constitution—whose "com-
promises" have imposed perpetual silence on the subject of sla-
very!—was then 111 session at Philadelphia, and attended on the
delivery ot this address, with General Washington at their head.
The Convention agreed to the Constitution, and submitted it
to the people ot the .States on the 17<h of September, 1787. For
further evidence of the public sentiment at that time, let me
now refer to the debates in some of the State Conventions to
which it was submitted for ratification.
In the debates in the North Carolina Convention, Mr. Iredell,
afterwards a Judge of the Supreme Court of the United Slates,
said:
"When the entire abolition of slavery takes place, it will be
an event which must he pleasing t  every generous mind, and
every friend of human nature."
Mr. Galloway said:
"I wish to see this abominable trade put an end to. I appre-
hend the clause (touching the slave trade) means to bring for-
ward manumission."
Luther Martin, of Maryland, a member of the Convention
that formed the Constitution of the United States, said:
"We ought to authorize the Gen nl Government to make
such regulations as shall be thought most advantageous for the
gradual abolition of slavery and the emancipation of the slaves
which are already in the States."
Judge Wilson, of Pennsylvania, one of the Convention that
framed the Constitution, said, in the Pennsylvania Convention
that Mtified it:
"I consider this clause (that relating to the slave trade) as
laying the foundation for banishing slavery out of this country.
It will produce the same kind of gradual change which waspio-
duced in Pennsylvania. 1 he new States whieh aie to be formed
will be und-r the control of Congress in this particular, and
slaves will never be introduced among them. It presents us
with the pleasing prospect that the rights of mankind will be ac-
knowledged and established throughout the Union."
In the Virginia Convention of 1787, Mr. Mason, author of the
Virginia Constitution, said:
"the a'i mentation of slaves weakens the States; and such a
trade is diabolical in itself, and disgraceful to mankind. * * *
As much as I value the Union of all the Slates. I would not ad-
mit the Southern States (South Carolina and Georgia) into the
Union, unless they agree to the discontinuance of this disgrace-
ful trade, becanse it would bring weakness and not strength to
the Union."
Mr. Johnson said:
"The principle (of emancipation) has begun since the Revo-
lution. Let us do what we. will, it will come round. Slavery
has been the foundation of that impiety and dissipation which
have been so much disseminated among our countrymen. If it
were totally annihilated, it would do much good."
Patrick Henry contended that, by the Constitution, Congress
would have power to abolish slavery as indispensably necessary
to the safely of the country, whose "general defence" was com-
mitted to its care.   In addition to this argument, he said:
"Another thing will contribute to bring this event about—
slavery is detested.    We feel its fatal effects.   We deplore it
w th the pity of humanity."
In the Massachusetts Convention of 1788, General Heath said
that—
"Slavery was confined to the States now existing. It could
not be extended. By their ordinance, Congress had declared
that the new States should be Republican States, and have no
slavery:"
Judge Dawes said:                                        .
"Although slavery is not smitten by an apoplexy, yet it has
received a mortal wound, and will die of consumption."
Such are some of the expressions of opinion in the Conven-
tions that adopted the Constitution, in regard to slavery, and its
probable speedy abolition. The expressions in regard to the
latter may be all summed up in the brief and significant lan-
guage of Judge Dawes—slavery "has received a mortal wound,
and will die of consumption." This, indeed, was the public opi-
nion of that day; and yet we are now told that the Constitution,
which drew its first breath in the atmosphere of that public opi-
nion, contained an implied guarantee, or had connected with it
such compromises as implied a guarantee, for ihe security of
slavery, even at the expense of a sacrifice of the rights of
speech,.and the press, and petition! Every body understood
that slavery was mortally wounded, and destined to speedy
death; and yet, by a strange necromancy of constitutional im-
plication, there was at that very time throwtiaTOund it the
shield of the Union for protection against its great enemies—
I   freedom of speech and freedom of the press!
Let me now refer to a few expressions of opinion going to
show the state of public sentiment soon after the adoption of the
Constitution.
In the Maryland House of Delegates in 1789, William Pinkney
said:
"But, sir, is it possible that this body should not feel for the re-
putation of Maryland"! Is national honor unworthy of conside-
ration! Is the censure of an enlightened universe insufficient
to alarm usi The character of my country among the nations
of the world is as dear to me as that country itself." (Noble
sentiment' But in what Maryland bosom does it now beat, in
reference to slavery and the slave trade here, for which this na-
tion is responsible to "an enlightened universe?"] "What a
motley appearance (continues Mr P.) must Maryland at this
moment make in the eyes of those whoview her with delibera-
tion. Is she not at once the fair temple of fresdom and the abo-
minable nursery of slaves? the school for patriots and the foster-
mother of petty despots? the asserter of human rights and the
patron of wanton oppression? Here have emigrants from a land
of tyranny found an asylum from persecution; and here also
have those who came as rightfully free as the winds of heaven
found an eternal grave for the liberties of themselves and their
posterity. «-••*' Sir, by the eternal principles of
natural justice, r.o master in the State has a right to hold his
slave in bondage fora single hour. * * * To me, sir, nothing
for which I have not the evidence of my senses is more clear
than that it [slavery] will one day destroy that reverence for li-
., berty which is the vital principle of a Republic." [Now sla-
very has become essential to the preseivation ot our liberties—
14 the "corner stone of our Republican edifice!"] "3ir, the thing
is impolitic; never will your country be productive; never will
its agriculture, its commerce, or its manufactures flourish, so
lone as they depend on reluctant bondmen for their progress. 
What mnst have besn the state of public sentiment which
ould in the Legislature of a slave State bear Btich an indignant,
burning rebuke of slavery as this? Did Pinknoy, or the body
whom he addressed, believe that there was in or about the Con-
stitution of the United States any "implied" prohibition of the
freedom of speech on the subject of slavery?
Let me now turn, for further evidence of public sentiment, to
the debates in the first Congress. On the 12th of February,
1790, a memorial was presented, signed by Benjamin Franklin,
President ol the Pennsylvnnia Abolition Society, setting forth
in strong language the injustice ol slavery, its inconsistency
with our institutions, and the duty of all to labor to effect its abo-
lition; and asking Congress to take into consideration the traffic
in slaves, and "step to the very verge of the power vested" in it
for "discouraging every species ol traffic in the peisons of eur
fellow men."
The reception of this petition was neither objected to nor "con-
sidered" as objected to; but it was respectfully received and con-
sidered. In the debate that arose upon it, Mr. Parker, of Vir-
ginia, said:
"I cannot help expressing the pleasure I feel in finding so con-
siderable a part of the community attending to matters of such
momentous concern to the future prosperity and happiness of
the people of America. I think it my duty as a citizen of the
Union to espouse their cause."
Mr. Page, of Virginia, (afterwards Governor,) said:
"He was in tavor of the commitment. He hoped that the de-
signs.of the respectable memorialists would not be stepped at
the threshold, in order to preclude a fair discussion of the prayer
of the memorial. He placed himself in the case of a slave."
[This is the true position—to make the slave's case our own—to
"remember those in bonds as bound with them." When we do
this, we shall go where Franklin asked the first Congress to go-
to "the very verge" of our power, to abolish, and, where we
cannot abolish, to "discourage" slavery. But to proceed with
the quotation.] "He placed himself in the case of a slave, and
said that, on hearing that Congress had refused to listen to the
decent suggestions of the respectable part of the community,"
[now the petitioners are "despicable fanatics!"] "he should in-
ter that the General Government, from which it was expected
great good would result to every class of citizens, had shut their
ears against the voice of humanity."
Mr. Sect, of Pennsylvania, said:
"I cannot, for my part, conceive how any person can be said
to acquire a property in another. I do not know how far I
might go, if I was one of the judges of the United States, and
those people were to come bolore me, and claim their emancipa-
tion; but I am sure I would go as far as I could."
Mr. Burke, of South Carolina, said:
"He saw the disposition of the House, and he feared it would
be referred to a committee, maugre all their opposition."
Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, said:
"That, on entering into this Government, they (South Carolina
and Georgia) apprehended that the other States ' * * would,
from motives of humanity and benevolence, be led to vote foi a
general emancipation."
In a debate at a previous session of Congress, (May 13,1789,)
on a proposition to impose a duty of ten dollars each on im-
ported slaves—
Mr. Parker, of Virginia, the mover of the proposition, said:
"He hoped Congress would do all that lay in theii power to
restore to human nature its inherent privileges, and, if possible,
wipe off the stigma under which America labored. The incon-
sistency in our principles, with which we are justly charged,
should be dene away, that we may show by ouractions the pure
beneficence of the doctrine we hold out to the world in our De-
claration of Independence."
Mr. Jackson of Georgia, said:
"It was the fashion of the day to favor the liberty of the
slaves."
Mr. Madison said:
"The dictates of humanity, the principles of the people, ths
national safety and happiness, and prudent policy, require it of
us. * * * * I conceive the Constitution, in this particular,
was formed in order that the Government, whilst it was restrain-
ed from laying a total prohibition, might be able to give some
testimony of the sense of America with respect to the African
tiade. " * It is tobe hoped that, by expressing a na-
tional disapprobation of this trade, we may destroy it, and eave
ourselves from reproaches, and our posterity the imbecility ever
attendant on a country filled with slaves. * " If there
is any one point in which it is clearly the policy of this nation,
so as we constitutionally can, to vary the practice obtaining un-
der some of the State Governments, it is this "
Such was ihe strong anti-slavery feeling manifested ia Ihe
first Congress. And it is worthy of remark that the question of
slavery was treated as a national question—arguments for na-
tional interference, to the lull extent of constitutional power,
and with a view to "varying the practice under some of the
State Governments," being drawn from considerations of na-
tional honor, national strength, and national safety.
Pursuing the order of time, let me give two additionaland
pointed reprobations of slavery by distinguished men of that
period:
In 1794, Dr. Rush declared:
"Domestic slavery is repugnant to the principles of Christi-
anity. It pros: rates every benevolent and just principie of ac-
tion in the human heart. It is rebellion against the authority
of a common Father. It is a practical denial of the extentand
efficacy of the death ofa common Saviour. It is a usurpation of
the prerogative of the great Sovereign of the universe, who
has solemnly claimed an exclusive property in the souls of
men."
In 1796, Mr. Tucker of Virginia, Judge of the Supreme
Court ol that State, and professor of law in the College of
William and Maty, in a letter to the General Assembly of that
State, uraing the abolition of slavery, said:
"Should we not. at the time of the Revolution, have broken
theii fetters? Is it not our duty to embrace the first moment
of constitutional health and vigor to effectuate so desirable an
object, and to remove from us a stigma with which our ene-
mies will never fail to upbraid us, nor our consciences to re-
proach us?                                                  .
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to another, and, in some respects,
much stronger evidence of the pievalence of anti slavery senti-
ments at the period to which I have referred. I do not allude to
expressions of individual opinion, but to associated opinion and
associated effort in favor of the abolition of slavery. Yes, sir,
so strongly was the public mind moved on the subject of "Abo-
lition " that Abolition societies were actually formed in Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Mary land and Virginia. The Pennsylvania Society
was formed in 1780, arid incorporated by act piths Legislature
