854
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cono* ••• 1st Sess.
nourish the thirsty earth, and finally bring forth an abundant
harvest of good to eur country.
By what means does Abolition seek to accomplish its pur-
poses? By the power of truth. Shakiag not at the Goliah of
slavery, it marches fearlessly to meet him. Trusting in the
power of truth, and showing their respect for slaveholders by
confidence in its practical efficacy, Abolitionists patiently and
kindly, and perseveringly urge upon them its demands, anil
press them with its entreaties. 1 say kindly. Perhaps not
always so. Better it were always—far better! But slavery is
slavery I Not to feel, when the full import of that word enters
their minds, would do no credit to their hearts, though it might >
secure for them the reputation of prudence, and save them ¡ j
from reproach.
By the power of truth, Abolitionists seek to create every    ¡
where a public sentiment against slavery.   They see the nation    ]
drugged with the opiates of wealth and pleasure, noting in pre-
sent abundance, and grasping alter stillgreater; while the slave    I
treads the same everlasting round of labor unrequited, and of    ¡
toil onblest, his mind brooded in perpetual darkness, his crushed  j'
spirit ieeling no elevated aspirations, and entering into none of  |
the enjoyments suited to its noble nature and high destiny:
while the nation, like the Priest and the Levite, have passed by,   i
in cold, selfish indiflerence, leaving him to perish, without help
and without hope.    By patient and untiring efforts do Abolition-
ists seek to awake the people of this nation from their guilty
slumber over the wrongs of slavery, and produce a conviction
that the time has come when something should be done for its
abolition.
To the extent of the constitutional power of Congress over
this subject they ask its action. They pray it to abolish slave-
ry and the slave trade in this District, over which it has exclu-
sive jurisdiction, and to prohibit, as it clearly has a right to do,
the slave trade between the States, and to admit no more slave
Stales into the Union.
But their great, leading object is to create such a public senti-   ■
meat in the South as shall effect the abolition of slavery in the
slaveholding States by their own legislation. To do this, they la-     '
bor, in the first place, to aiouse the N>rth to a consideration of
this subject, to the end that it may speak out in clear and decided
language its condemnation of slavery, aad thus exert upon the
South a strong moral influence in favor of its abolition—believ-
ing that the South will not pertinaciously refuse to yield to the
calm and enlightened judgment of their brettuen, especially    \
when it is in accordance with the judgmentof the great mass of    j
the civilized world.                                                                    '
While speaking of the means by which Abolitionists aim    I
to accomplish the abolition of slavery in the United States, I   |[
deem it proper to disabuse them of the charge of aiming to
abolish slavery in the States by the legislation^ Congress—a    1
charge which is, I am informed, believed by many at the So u th
to be well founded.
I hold in my hand "Jay's view of the action of the Fede-
ral Government in behalf of Slavery," a work published by
the American Anti-Slavery Society, and, of course, expressing
its views on the topics of which it treats. While I ask the at-
tenti#n of the House to that portion of the book which lam
about to read, I take the occasion to commend the entire work
to the attention or those who may be able to obtain it, as con-
taining facts and views worthy the attention of all the members
of this (louse, and all the people of this nation. The author
says, (p. 216.)
"Every State possesses all the powers of independent sove-   !
reignty, except such as she has delegated to the Federal Go-   '
vernment.   All the powers not specified in the Constitution as   I
delegated, are by that instrument reserved.   Among the powers   ■
specified, that of abrogating the slave codes of the several States
is not included.  On the contrary, the guarantee of the continu-   ]
anee of the African slave trade for twenty years; the provision   t
for the arrest of fugiti   staves; end the establishment of the   I
Federal ratio of representation, all refer to and acknowledge the   (
existence of slavery under State authority.   If, therefore, the
Abolitionists, unmindful of their solemn and repeated disclaim-
era of all power in Congress to legislate for the abolition of
slavery in the States, should, with unexampled perfidy, attempt
to bring about such legislation; and if Congress, regardless of    '
their oaths, should ever be guilty of the consummate folly and
wickedness of passing a law emancipating the slaves held under
State authority, the Union would, most unquestionably, be rent
in twain.   The South would, indeed, be craven, could it submit
to such profligate usurpation.   It would be compelled to with-
draw, not for the preservation of slavery alone, but for the pro-
tection of all its rights; and indeed the liberties of every State
would be jeoparded under a Government which, spurning all
constitutional restraints, should assume the omnipotence ofthe
British Parliament.   But it is scarcely worth while to antici-
pate the consequence of an act which can never be perpetrated
so long as the people ofthe North retain an ordinary share of
honesty and intelligence."
BRITISH ABOLITION.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me show you the relation which
this movement at the North, bean to Abolition elsewhere.
Let me show you that it is but part of the great Abolition move-
ment of this age—a movement in regard to whose principles '
and progress no American statesman ought to be, and no
Southern statesman can b^ indifferent. Let me especially call
yourattention to British Abolition, which forms so prominent
a part af it; and from whose origin, progress, and termination,
both the North and the South may draw lessons ofthe deepest
practical importance.
The British slave trade had existed for near two centuries,
when David Hartley moved, in the House of Commons, in
1776,aresolution declaring "That the slave trade was contrary
to the laws of God and the rights of man." It met the fate
which a resolution, making the same affirmation of a similar
trade carried on insight of this Capitol, would probably now
meet in this hall: it was promptly rejected.
In 1783, a petition against the trade was, for the first time,
presented in the House of Commons. It met the fate which
the petitions I have in my drawer before me will meet, if the
rule I am opposing shall be adopted: its consideration was re-
fused.
The Quakers, with wh m these unsuccessful efforts origi-
nated, were not discouraged. On the 7th of July of that year,
six of them met in London "to consider what steps they should
lake for the relief and liberation ofthe negro slaves in the West
Indies, and for the discouragement of the slave trade on the
coast of Africa."
What a sublime spectacle is here presented! Six men meet-
ing together to devise means for waking the British nation from
jhe guilty slumber of two hundred years!   Six men conspiring
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
to overturn a system of injustice and oppression which had re-
ceived the sanction of ages, and which was fortified by ths inte-
rests, the prejujices, and even the religion of the whole British
empire! Nothing can exceed it in moral sublimity, but the go-
ing forth of twelve fishermen, at the command ofthe "Despised
and Rejected," to assail an empire of fagan idolatry and super-
stition which overshadowed the world.
And what was the principle, and what the spirit of this mighty
enterprise? They were, the great truth which this nation had
iust triumphantly maintained in a seven years' war, and the be-
nevolence which had sent forth to all nations the twelve disciples
of the Christian faith, seventeen hundred and fifty years be-
fore.
Six Quakers' I cannot leave them. How pi ompt to yield to
the "inward light1" How steady to the noble purpose it dic-
tated' Well did Patrick Henry say, "I shall honor the Quakeis
f>r their noble efforts to abolish slavery." And who will net
honor them for their patient, unttring devotion, both in Great
Britain and in this country, in behalf of their oppressed brethren
of the African race? How valuable the "testimony" they have
uniformly borne against the great iniquity!
The six Quakers! Let none, henceforth, be disheartened in
the cause ol truth and righteousnefs, though few, and feeble,
and despised. It was notby might, nor by wisdom, but by the
power of truth, that these men went forward and verified the
prediction that "one shall chase a thousand, and two put ten
thousand to flight." The six Quakers! Let us lemember them,
and be faithfut to humanity, to justice, and to truth.
The six Quakers were soon joined by the same number of
philanthropistsof other Christian denominations. "The twelve"
held meetings in London to devise means for revolutionizing the
sentiment of an empire! Agents were appointed, among whom
was the celebrated Clarkson, to rouse the public attention to the
great subject. The pulpit and the press were enüs.ed. Books,
pamphlets, and newspapers were freely circulated. Within a
lew years, petitions to Parliament were multiplied, insomuch
that a commission was at length appointed by the Government
to inquire into the African slave trade; anil finally, on the 9th of
May, 1788, the House of Commons voted that they wauld, at the
next session, take the subject of that trade into consideration.
Without pursuing further the details of this matter, suffice it
to say, that the ball thus put in motion continued to roll on, un-
til the slave trade was abolished by act of Parliamsnt in the
year 1807.
But the great anti-slavery movement, begun by the six Qua-
kers, did not end here. Ifithad thus terminated, it would have
been, ir. the end, little les3 than a failure; for while slavery, the
parent of the slave trade, is cherished, it will be in vain to at-
tempt a complete suppression of its offspring. The great
principle oiopposition to the one can never be satisfied without
the destruction of the other. This principle continued to opé-
rale with augmented power, and by various means, until the
whole fabric of African slavery in the British dominions at
length tumbled into ruins. The result is before us, even at
our doors, in the full and complete emancipa'ion of more than
eight hundred thousand slaves in the British West India Isl-
ands, on the 1st of August, 18Í8.
I might recur to the early history of this great movement of
British philanthropy, and show you with what bitterness and
violence its projectors and supporters were assailed; and with
what strange assurance slavery and the slave trade were de-
fended by their advocates. But time will not permit. Suffice
it to say, that the men who urged on the movement were de-
nounced as'-hypocrites and fanatics," and their project as vi-
sionary and delusive. It was declared in Parliament that it was
"the intention of Providence, tromthe beginning, that one set of
raen should be slaves to another." The aboliton of the trade, it
was confidently predicted, would ruin the colonies, and fill them
with massacre and blood; while the trade itself was actually
vindicated on the ground of "its conformity with the principles
of natural and revealed religion, as delineated in the Word of
God!" "We had to contend," (says Clarkson, in his histoiy
of that struggle,) "and almost to degrade ourselves by doing
so, against the double argument of the humanity and holiness
ofthe trade!
And now, Mr Speaker, can you consider the principles
which lay at the foundation of that great movement—can you
reflect upon their mighty moral power, and mark their tri-
umphant results, and wonder at the existence of American Abo-
lition? Wonder^ Why, sir, would it not be among the greatest
wonders of the world that the people of the United States
should, with this history, and these results before them, have
continued to sleep over American slavery?
FRENCH ABOLITION.
Sir, look at the influence which the British example has ex-
erted upon other countries besides our own. Look, for exam-
ple, at what is now going on in France. Abolition is engaging
the attention of some of the greatest minds in the Empire. So-
cieties are formed, and the subject is undergoing a thorough in-
vestigation. I have before me a Bummary of a report recently
presented to the French Chamber of Deputies by M. de
Tocqueville, in the name ofthe commission charged with ex-
amining the question of the abolition of slavery in the French
dominions, which I beg permission to read.   It is as follows:
"The report passes lightly and contemptuously over the ar-
gument in favor of slavery, and takes for granted the conviction
in every mind that nought, to be done away with. It passes im-
mediately to the vuestion of its being necessary to prepare the
slave for emancipation previous to liberating him. M. Tocque-
ville, in tte name of the commission, asserts that all attempts to
improve, enlighten, and "prepare the slave, as long as he is a
slave, are impossible. The slave not only is ignorant of mar-
riage—of the sacredness and morality of that tie—but incapable
of being made to appreciate it, as long as he is a slave. There
is antipathy between marriage and slavery—between slavery
and the paternity which accompanies marriage. The slave's
children are his equals, are independent of him, and excite no
interest. None ot the prudence and other virtues attending pa-
ternity accompany it in the slave. Christianity is equally in-
compatible with slavery—equally unintelligible. The minister
of religion appears either as a support of tho master's rule, and
is thus abhorred, or he preaches the doctrine of Christian free-
dom, dangerous to the master. The commission, therefore, aban-
dons the idea of preparing the slave for freedom by any regula-
tions for his treatment whilst a slave. Emancipation, it adás,
cannot be deferred."
Another summary which I have seen of this important re-
port repre-ents it as saying:
"The idea of emancipation is already present to the minds of
all in the colonies. 'The approach of this great social change,
the natural fears and the lawful hopes which it inspires, pene-
H. of Reps
trate all bosoms, and produce deep agitation.' The recent events
in the neighboringJJritish islands have brought the idea of com-
ing emancipation home to the planters."
The report concludes by proposing that, in the session of 1841,
a law for the abolition of slavery shall be presented, determin-
ing the amount of indemnity which is to be saved to the state by
means of the salary of the emancipated negroes—the labor of
the latter to be secured by an express law.
Here is the effect which the principles of Abolition, illus-
trated and enforced by the British example, are producing in
France.
PRESENT MOVEMENT A REVIVAL OF OUR EARLY ABOLITION,  AND
PART OF THE GREAT MOVEMENT OF CHR1STENB0M.
Do you still wonder at the feeling which exists at the North
on this subject? Go back, for a moment, to the early history of
Abolition in our own country. Consider the nature and extent
of the anti-slavery feeling of the Revolution, and of the times
succeeding it. Consider how wide, and deep, and strong was
the current of this feeling when the Constitution was fermed,
and the present Government was organized; and then think
how natural it is that the example of Great Britain, who has
gone forward, in the very spirit of our own early Abolition,
while we have gone backward, should shame our recreancy
to our own principles, and make us haste to redeem our-
selves from its reproach. How is it possible, with such asso-
ciations crowding upon the national mind, that we should not
catch some of the inspiration of the times when our fathers,
looking up to Heaven for deliverance from oppression, thought
ofthe slaves,and promised to deliver, as they themselves prayed
to be delivered—ofthe times when Washington and Jefferson,
Martin and Pinkney, Franklin and Jay, with a host of others,
distinguished as statement, jurists, and divines, united in declar-
ingslavery to be a violation ol the "law of eternal justice," and
a curse to the country.
Mr. Speaker, look yourself at all this, and tell me if you do
not find your own spirit moved a little on this subject—if the
fire of abolition does not begin to kindle even in your own
bosom and its impulses begin to move your own generous
heart. At least tell me if you can any longer wondei at the
anti-slavery movements of the North; or it you can find it in
your heart to denounce as "desperate and despicable fanatics"
the men and women whose hearts, happily free in this respect
from the prejudices of your own education, sympathize in the
great movements of humanity in behalf of the African race, and
feel the inspiration of the principles which have wrought out
j     such happy results.
;        Sir, the present anti-slavery movement in this country is but
part of the great movement of Christendom against  slavery
I     which has been going on for centuries, and especially for the
last half century.   Ever since Christianity emerged Irom the
! i   ages of oppression's dark and iron reign; raising her majestic
\ I   form, and reaching forth her open hands with healing for the
!!   nations; has emancipation gone forth with protection for the
¡I   weak, help for the helpless, and soothing for the heart of soi-
\   row.   Bending over the crushed and bleeding victims of op-
Í   pression it has poured oil and wine into their wounds; given
I   deliverance to the captives; opened the prison doors to them
:    them that were bound; broken the fetters from the body; given
freedom to the mind; and raised man to the true dignity and
glory of his immortal nature.   On her triumphant banner has
been   inscribed—Emancipation   of. Mind—Emancipation   of
Speech—Emancipation ofthe Press—Emancipation of Man.
PROGRESS OF EMANCIPATION ONWARO AND RESISTLESS.
And is it, sir, thought to impede the progress of emancipa-
tion by the puny efforts that are made here? Vain attempt 1
Can you hold the winds, stay the tides, or stop the course of
universal nature? Then may you seal up the fountainsof sym-
pathy in the human soul, extinguish the sense of justice, and
arrest the onward march of human emancipation. Stop eman •
cipation! As well might the scoffers at Noah's ark-building
have undertaken to shut the windows of Heaven, seal the foun-
tains of the deep, or roll back the tide which drove them to
the mountain tops as their last refuge from the rising flood.
There are some who, faithless to the efficacy of gag resolu-
tions and gag rules, talk ol a reception and commitment oí the
petitions, and a report thereon; which report is to put down abo-
litio for ever and ever! I recollect a remaik I heard when a
certain speech was made in a certain place—that that speech
would put down abolition. Sir, you might as well attempt to
blow out the sun as to put down abolition by a speech er a re-
port.
Gagresolutions, gag rules, and "put down" speeches and re-
ports, will be like putting down a walking stick in the Missis-
sippi to stop its current. You think only of a rivulet when
there is a mighty stream. Turn your eyes to the Southeast.
Behold the Gulf stream sweeping by your shores with its re-
sistless and never-ceasing tide. Can you stop it? Try. Run
out a pier of corkwood from Charleston. What is the result?
The Gulf stream moves on! And there is an emblem of the
stream of abolition which is rolling in upon the South from the
British West Indies. Within a short time it will be swollen by
the stream of French emancipation; and then, in the course of a
few years, by that of Spanish emancipation."
And then, sir, you do not think ofthe extent and power of abo-
lition sentiment in our our country. Stop up the cr'terof a vol -
cano, and soon the trembling, heaving eaith reveals the mighty
agency at work within! Sir, the human heart is full of aboli-
tion; and sooner or later it will come forth. There is that in
slavery which seizes hold of the deepest sympathy of the
human soul, and gives to it the most intense activi-
ty. It is not mere animal sympathy. It is not
excited alone by accounts of bodily suffering; nor soothed into
indifference by its mitigation. It is asympathy with the nobler
nature ofthe slave, crushed by the weight of slavery. It rejoices,
indeed, to see him any where comfortably fed, and clothed, and
housed; but it, nevertheless, sees him a slave!—his minddark-
i ened, and his heart insensible to any higher emotions than the
hope  and fears which are bounded by the narrow space of his
earthly existence—an existence (1 speak of slavery generally—
there are exeeptions) elevated to no practical purposes of duty
to God and man above the brute that labors by his side. It
sees, in short, his soul transfixed with the iron of slavery.
The feeling produced by the contémplanos of all this is deep,
* Since the delivery of this {speech, there has appeared the
Bull of Pope Gregory XVI against the slaveitrade, dated at
Rome. December 3,1839. Its language shows very clearly that
there is henceforth tobe an influence from that quarter which
will tell with tremendous effect against slavery—an influence
that will enter the very heart of its dominions in Brazil, the
Spanish West Indies and the United States,
