Ian. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
85?
26th Cong...—. 1st Sess.
deliberation , or reference t«  the will oí the people, to be
ascertained at the succeeding elections^
•« V. That hj should never suffer the influence of his
ornas w be used for purposes of a purely party character.
' VI  That, in retrievals from office of those «ho hold their
appointment during the pleasure of the Executive, the cause
of Mich removal should be stated, if requested,  to the Senate    I
at the time the nomination of a successor is mad*.                       ¡
" And last, but not least in importance,
" VII. That he should not suffer the Executive Department
of the Government to become the source of legislation; but
leave the whole bustoesa of making laws for the Union to the
Department to which the Constitution has exclusively assigned
H, onul they hare assumed that perfected shape where,   I,
Abúition Petitions—Mr. Slade.
and where alone, the opinions of the Executive may be
heard. 
I have no time, Mr Speaker, to comment on th s exposition
of the principles which are to be brought into General Harri-
son's Administration They need, however, no commentary.
They commend themselves, at once, to universal acceptance,
and their author to the regard and confidence of the country,
and the'whole country—a regard and confidence which are
daily gaining strength, and which are destined, I trust, to give a
strengih to the Administration of this great and good man
which no Administration since the days of Washington has
possessed
Such is the man' And such a man the country wants at
this great crisis, to rescue it from the hands of misrule and cor-
ruption.    General Harrison is emphatically one of the people
H. of Reps.
He comes forth from the midst of them, weaned with the toils,
and covered with the sweat, of his noble occupation. He
comas, at their call, to administer their Government for their
benefit t He comes with a hold on their affection ami confidence1
rarely enjoyed by any public man—a confidence which the
history of his life shows ha will never abuse—a confidence
winch wi'l enable him to do an amount of good that few states-
men in the short space of four years, have ever been able to
accomplish Mr Speaker, I will not say that it would be
"sufficient glory to serve under such a chiel," (or that is a
language becoming no freeman to use, but 1 will say that it
would be a glorious privilege to witness such a reform as the
noble veteran is destined to accomplish, and to breathe the
healthful and invigorating atmosphere of his pure, upright, im-
partial, and just Administration.
