
tinued. I would respectfully request that instructions be given the officer at present commanding on that station to resume such patrol, and to extend to tour as far as the saw-mill on Coosaw Island. A descent was made night before last upon Morgan's Island, and 12 persons carried off. Parties have also been seen reconnoitering the saw-mill, the destruction of which would be a serious inconvenience to us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

FLAG-SHIP PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: Your note of this morning is received, and I will order vessels up Broad River as you desire. Please let me know by signal of the Cosmopolitan being about to start, say half an hour previously, and the gun-boats will move up at the same time. I will send instructions to the officer at Saint Helena to resume the patrol which you mention.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to request that the quartermaster's department may be ordered to furnish Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury, commanding District of Key West and Tortugas, with two strong side-wheel steamers, drawing not over 7 feet when loaded, capable of carrying each 500 men; adapted also to carrying horses, cattle, and freight. These steamers should be strong enough for constant sea service, and to be able to carry at least 300 men under cover. Each steamer should have four large boats. With these vessels General Woodbury is of opinion that he can interfere very successfully with the driving of cattle in Florida by the Confederates, and can procure and abundant supply for his own command.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Department of the South:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that your order General Gordon to report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army in Washington, and place General Birney in charge of the military district on Florida.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

