
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 76. Hilton Head, S. C., May 27, 1864.

Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Hilton Head, Fort Pulaski, Saint Helena, and Tybee Island.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTY.,Hilton Head, S. C., May 29, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance with instructions of yesterday from department headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of my department and the requirements necessary to make the same effective.

The effective light artillery within the department consists of three batteries, stationed, equipped, and armed as follows:

Regiment and	 Station.	 Men.	 3-inch	 12-

company.	 	 	 rifles.	 pounder

 	 	 	 Wiard

 	 	 	 rifles.

3rd Rhode Island	 Jacksonville	 130	 2	 ...

Artillery, Company

A.

3rd New York	 Northern	 140	 ...	 ...

Artillery, Company	 District

B.

3rd New York	 Beaufort	 140	 ...	 4

Artillery, Company

F.

Total.....	 .........	 410	 2	 4

Regiment and	 Station.	 12-	 12-	 Total.

company.	 	 pounder	 pounder

 	 light	 howitzers

 	 guns	 (bronze).

 	 (bronze)

 	 .

3rd Rhode Island	 Jacksonville	 ...	 4	 6

Artillery, Company

A.

3rd New York	 Northern	 4	 ...	 4

Artillery, Company	 District

B.

3rd New York	 Beaufort	 ...	 ...	 4

Artillery, Company

F.

Total.....	 ......	 4	 4	 16

Batteries B and F. Third New York Artillery, have sufficient men for six pieces, to which number it is intended to increase them when horses can be obtained. Company G, Second U. S. Colored Artillery, is recruiting at Hilton Head and numbers upwards of 110 men. It is intended to arm this battery with six 12-pounder howitzers. In the manner above mentioned it is intended to increase the light artillery within the department to twenty-four pieces, which will allow a six-gun battery for each district. Required to horse the different batteries, each increased to six pieces, 250 horses suitable for artillery purposes. The remaining necessary material can be obtained from the ordnance department when required.

The heavy artillery forces within the department consist of ten companies of the Third Rhode Island Artillery, with an aggregate strength of 800 men. Five companies are stationed on Morris Island, in charge of the important forts and batteries, assisted by sufficient details from the infantry to serve the offensive guns constantly when required, and the defensive ones in case of an attack.

