
arrived here when we found Colquitt's brigade come here also. Some men from our regiments who came up from there to the regiment here and arrived yesterday say that there is no one there now but the workingmen and foreigners from the city; those having business, protection, and the like.

This may be of use to General Foster.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,May 30, 1864 - 7 p. m. (Received 1.40 a. m., 31st.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I learn from a reliable deserter from the enemy that the Holcombe Legion, consisting of 300 or 400 men, has gone to Charleston, and that Colquitt's brigade is to follow on behind them. They were sent in pursuance of a telegram received by Beauregard on Saturday, saying that by the time Beauregard received the dispatch Secessionville would be in the hands of the enemy. This the deserter heard from Colonel Gaillard, of the Twenty-seventh South Carolina.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 31, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a copy of a dispatch from Rear-Admiral D. G. Farragut, dated the 9th instant, in which he states as his opinion that if two 15-inch guns are placed on the Old Spanish Battery at Barrancas, and two in an earth-work on the beach on the western front of Fort Pickens, the port of Pensacola will be rendered safe against the attacks of almost any enemy, and to request that prompt measures may be taken by the War Department to carry out the suggestion of Rear-Admiral Farragut.

Very respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 4, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Chief Engineer and Chief of Ordnance, for remarks.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

