
The salt-works at Bonsecours Bay, producing daily over 1,000 bushels for the Confederacy, are now entirely unguarded.

I am very anxious to make immediate use of the small quartermaster steamer Lizzie Davis, sent from New Orleans, although only capable of carrying 200 men, but on her arrival the quartermaster reported her unfit for service, and she is still at the navy-yard repairing. The engineer entertains very little hope of making her serviceable, and I would urgently request to have her replaced by another steamer fit for immediate use.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., June 5, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully request that the Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, a regiment organized and mustered in by me, shall be assigned to my command. This regiment was brought by me to the department, and I received assurances from Major-General Gillmore that it should be restored to me. I would also request that the Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops (Colonel Montgomery) shall be sent to me after it is armed. For these two regiments I will send in exchange any two white regiments now in this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 6, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of communication from you of the 26th ultimo, directing that General Gordon be ordered to report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army in Washington, and that General Birney be placed in charge of the military district in Florida, and would state that the above conditions have been complied with.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 80. Hilton Head, S. C., June 6, 1864.

The following sanitary regulations for the government of the troops serving in this department will be strictly enforced by all officers having charge of districts, posts, or camps:

I. Each camp must be thoroughly policed every morning and evening, and all garbage or refuse matter will be collected and buried in the sinks. Commanding officers will be held directly responsible for any neglect of police duty.

