
to when they will be fired, or from receiving any warning to enable them to get out of the way of the shots. You will give proper notice of this order to the gun-boats in Stono River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th New York Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HILTON HEAD,Hilton Head, June 7, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Will you please call the attention of the general commanding to the necessity of an increased naval force in Calibogue Sound, since the capture by the rebels of the Water Witch. I think the admiral should put a vessel of similar draught and heavier metal there, to prevent her making raids up the waters now protected by our light-armed transports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., June 7, 1864.

Colonel JAMES SHAW, Jr.,

Commanding Post, Jacksonville:

COLONEL: Information has been received at these headquarters that loads of torpedoes have been sent by the rebels to Fleming's Island, above Doctor's Lake, and to the point of land lying between Doctor's Lake, McGirt's Creek, and Saint John's River. These torpedoes have either already been placed in the Saint John's River or will be shortly unless active measures are taken against it. It appears also that the residences of that part of the ban of the Saint John's are used for the purpose of espying the position of our gun-boats and picket-boats on the river, and the movements of our steamers. You are therefore directed to send a force of men, not exceeding 200, for the purpose of scouring completely the island and point above mentioned, capturing any rebel scouts or pickets or torpedo layers, and especially one O'Hern, and causing all the loyal inhabitants to remove to the east side of the Saint John's, and all the disloyal to remove west and within the lines of the enemy. Especial care will be taken to find torpedoes and to gain information as to where they are placed.

I inclose you four tracings* for the use of the commanding officer of the expedition.

It is recommended that row-boats shall be used for transportation.

By order of Brigadier General William Birney:

EDELMIRO MAYER,

Major 7th U. S. Colonel Troops, A. A. A. G. and C. of S.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

