HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 8, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN, U. S. Navy,

Present:

ADMIRAL: Will you do me that favor to inform me when you propose to visit the fleet near Charleston. I would like to go there at the same time to consult with you upon some matters relating to operations in that district.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Hilton Head, S. C., June 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following list of various fortifications in this department, their location, and object:

NORTHERN DISTRICT.

Morris Island.

Batteries on north end, commanding the harbor, Fort Sumter, &amp;c.:

First. Fort Putnam, Armament, three 100-pounder Parrotts, one 10-pounder columbiad, four 30-pounder Parrotts, two field pieces.

Second. Battery Chatfield, armament, one 300-pounder Parrott, two 100-pounder Parrotts, four 10-inch sea-coast mortars.

Third. Battery Seymour, armament, eight 10-inch sea-coast mortars.

Fourth. Water Battery, armament, two 10-inch columbiads.

Fifth. Battery Barton, armament, two 13-inch sea-coast mortars.

Sixth. Fort Strong, armament, one 200-pounder Parrott, five 100-pounder Parrotts, two 30-pounder Parrotts, six 32-pounders, four 12-pounders, two 10-inch mortars. This for holds the upper end of the island. Those previously mentioned are merely arranged to prevent a surprise party from spiking their guns.

The works on the south end guard against an attack from light-House Inlet mainly:

First. Fort Shaw, armament, two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers, five 8-inch siege howitzers, two field pieces, and two 10-inch siege mortars. This fort holds the south end of the island against an attack in any direction.

Second. Battery Purviance, armament, two 42-pounders, two 30-pounder Parrotts, commanded by Fort Shaw.

Outwork on Black Island, armament, two rifled field pieces.

Folly Island.

Work bon north end commands Light-House Inlet:

Fort Greene, armament, two 30-pounder Parrotts, two 12-pounders, two carronades, two mortars.

Works on Pawnee Landing, to protect store-houses and command creeks:

First. Battery of two 30-pounder Parrotts.

