
works, an expedition would be sent at once to occupy Palatka, but I do not like to weaken this command unless the works are perfected, armament and all. The hastening of cannon is therefore urged.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 12, 1864.

It is not understood that General Seymour is asking for guns in addition to the for which he has already made requisition and which have been sent to him.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, March 8, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in connection with my report of March 4. Numbers 122, the following additional information received from a refugee, Thomas E. Cramner, just from Mobile, by law of Pollard: Colonel Holland, thirty-seventh Mississippi Infantry, stationed at Pollard, is making preparation for a raid with 400 to 500 cavalry on the Pensacola navy-yard, in connection with the raid of Colonel Miller on East Bay. We are prepared with our small force to receive them properly. Mr. Cramner has taken an active part in the rebellion as engineer, but availing himself of the President's amnesty, leaves to-morrow for New Orleans, and I though it proper to give him an introduction to you in order that you may question him yourself. His statements are somewhat confused, and I do not feel inclined to give them much credit. Three other deserters, arriving also this day from Morgan and Dalton, have given me the inclosed statements, which I consider more reliable.

There are over 200 refugees and deserters in the neighborhood of Saint Mark's, Fla., the terminus of the Tallahassee railroad, in open war with the Confederacy, and I would respectfully request for the use of a transport steamer to bring in those men for the Florida cavalry. They have about 60 horses with them. Gillmore's forces have withdrawn from Lake City to Jacksonville; in my humble opinion, a combined movement toward Tallahassee from the Atlantic via Jacksonville and Lake City, and from the Gulf via Saint Mark's, would have proved more disastrous for the rebels, and I would most respectfully request to be enabled to establish a permanent toward the interior of Florida, protected, as it is, blockading vessels of Admiral Farragut, anchored near the light-house, 7 miles seaward from Saint Mark's.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

