
and some of them even more so than the Water Witch, which naturally occasions their withdrawal from the inside blockade until my force is sufficiently strong to enable me to resume it. The squadron is now short of vessels, short of men, and almost entirely out of coal. Until I am able to put a vessel in the Calibogue, I would suggest that a small battery be placed there which would effectually stop the Water Witch from going through.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Off Morris Island, S. C., June 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: Yours of the 11th instant is just received, in regard to the possibility of an attack by the rebels with the Water Witch on the southern end of Hilton Head Island, and a suggestion that I would place a vessels in Calibogue Sound. The schooner Ward is now lying in the channel leading in that direction, and can be placed wherever it is most desires to prevent the attack that General Hatch apprehends. The battery of the Ward consists of four long 32-pounders, which is very much than anything the Water Witch carries. If this vessel is supported by a battery on the south end of Hilton Head Island, the Water Witch will hardly venture an attack. This battery might consist of two or three 9-inch guns, which I will have placed there if it is convenient for you to have breast-works thrown up and platforms laid. The steamer Harvest Moon, which lies near Tybee, would soon participate in the defense when it became necessary. The chief danger of the vessels in Tybee will be from boarding, as they are deficient in the number of the crew. I would suggest, therefore, that a company of veteran soldiers be ordered to report to the commanding officers of the vessels every night for duty. I wish very much it was in my power to place more suitable vessels there, but I have already apprised you, under date of the 10th, that the force under my command is so much reduced in the number of vessels and of men that it will be a matter of great difficulty with me to retain vessels at their present stations. As soon as the deficiencies in these respects shall be made up from the North, I will place such a force near Calibogue as will prevent any attempt by the Water Witch.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,June 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding District of Hilton Head, &amp;c., calling his attention to the suggestions of the admiral, on which he will report.

By order of General Foster:

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major-General, Aide-de-Camp.

