
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS HILTON HEAD DISTRICT,Hilton Head, S. C., June 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Department of the South headquarters.

At the time my letter was addressed to the general commanding. I was under the impression that the Water Witch was a large vessel with a powerful armament. Since I have learned her class and armament I do not apprehend any danger from her. With the battery to be manned with the colored artillery, I do not anticipate any trouble.

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,June 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding District of Hilton Head, &amp;c., with a request that he report, for the information of the commanding general, if it is practicable to supply from the army details for the purpose of supplying the deficiency in the crew of the navy boats, for the protection of the inland waters of this district, as suggested by the admiral within.

By order of General Foster:

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS HILTON HEAD DISTRICT,Hilton Head, S. C., June 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned to headquarters Department of the South.

At the present time I do not see how a company can be well spared for the guard of the vessels of war in Tybee Roads.

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,June 13, 1864.

Major AUGUSTUS VIGNOS,

Commanding One hundred and seventh Ohio:

MAJOR: You will proceed with the six companies of your command to Fernandina, where you will relieve the One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers. The following are your instructions:

You will make your own headquarters at Fort Clinch. You will keep a small picket, relieved semi-weekly, at the usual place near the crossing of the railroad bridge over the Amelia River, shifting frequently its position. You will keep a picket of one company at the town of Fernandina. This also will be relieved semi-weekly. If other small pickets should be needed for the purpose of guarding the prisoners, you will station them. The rest of the island you will scout frequently with a mounted patrol. Your first duty will be to guard the prisoners at Fort Clinch. You will see that the prisoners are properly confined at night inside the fort, and in the places provided for that purpose, and are properly guarded at their labor dur-

