
ing the day, and made fully to perform it. The work will be executed as required by the engineer officer who may be in charge. You will see that the records of the prisoners are fully and properly kept. You will yourself act as provost-marshal and report as such to the district provost-marshal on my staff. Your regimental quartermaster will act as commissary. You will see to it that refugees, contrabands, and all civilians whatsoever, asking subsistence from the Government, shall be forwarded to Jacksonville. You will furnish subsistence to them only for the time necessary to forward them to this point, except in cases of sickness or other cases of extreme necessity, of all which you will make immediate, report to these headquarters. Your regimental quartermaster, acting as post commissary, will be held strictly in any other manner than as provided for in the circular issued by the chief commissary of subsistence of the department. You will endeavor to ascertain the rebel force between Nassau River and Saint Mary's River, sending out scouts if necessary for that purpose. You will keep the men of your command thoroughly drilled in the manual and in company movements, and also in heavy artillery drill. You will report to these headquarters whether you need a special instructor for that purpose. You will not permit any officer or enlisted man of the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers to take away with him any public horse or any captured or abandoned property, especially furniture, but you will see that all captured or abandoned property is duly handed over to the agent of the Treasury Department, and you will give him every facility for keeping said property, or transporting it to this place or to Hilton Head. Your tri-monthly reports will be made out on the 5th, 15th, and 25th of each month, and forwarded on the first opportunity to these headquarters. You will cause your men to practice in boat rowing, and you are hereby authorized to send, after you have fully scouted Nassau County, an occasional boat party by the island passage to the Saint John's River as far as Saint John's Bluff. You will report frequently to these headquarters, sending especially full reports of deserters' statement, You will cause to be repaired fully, of practicable, the old wharf near Fort Clinch, and if not practicable, you will built a new one. Cultivate friendly relations with naval officers.

These instructions are given you by order of Brigadier General William Birney.

M. BAILEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 206. Washington, June 13, 1864.

I. Surg. Ebenezer Swift, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the South, and will report in person, without delay, to the commanding general Department of the Northwest, to relieve Surg. Thomas M. Getty, U. S. Army, as medical director.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

9 R R - VOL XXXV, PT II

