
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Statement of Lieutenant John L. West. First Florida Infantry, C. S. Army.

Left his regiment on the 15th of February at Dalton, Ga. Johnston's army numbers 30,000 to 35,000 men. Veteran troops, forming two army corps under Hayman [Hindman] and Hardee. The men have no shoes; their rations consist of Florida beef and corn. The beef is so poor that the men cannot eat it. General Johnston does not intend to give battle at Dalton, but will withdrawn toward Atlanta if pressed by Grant. The spirit of the army is in favor of peace. The men re-enlist only to get furloughs and never return. Horses are generally in very bad condition and sent to the rear to recruit.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of A. S. Kitchen and B. B. Royals, First Battalion Alabama Artillery.

Brigadier General Edward Higgins is at present commanding at Fort Morgan, Fort Gaines, Fort Powell (Grant's Pass), and Cedar Point. The Tennessee is not yet over the Dog River Bar, but is sticking in the mud of Sponge River; the deepest channel 9 feet 10 inches. Six steamers were unable to move her back. They are at a loss what to do with her. Not one of iron-clad boats is this side of the bar. There are four inside. The Tennessee, plated with 4-inch iron, months eight guns; ram Baltic plated with 2-inch iron, the wheel-house protected with cotton; Huntsville and Nashville with four guns each. Besides those iron-clads, there are three wooden gun-boats, Selma, gaines, and Morgan. Selma was built for a lake boat at New York and is unseaworthy; the Gaines and morgan were built at Mobile during the war and are good boats, but not much strength in them. They are building at present two floating batteries with one gun each. At Grant's Pass, boats with 10 feet draught can pass. They are trying to put obstructions in the channel, but they do not amount to much. The battery guarding Grant's Pass is considered bomb-proof, being covered with 10 to 15 feet of oyster shells.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,Key West, March 8, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith the copy of a letter from Lieutenant Commander D. B. Harmony, commanding the U. S. guns-boat Tahoma, stationed at Saint Mark's Bay. The men alluded to have already had several skirmishes with rebel cavalry and are fully committed. I shall go up in a few days to enlist them, if practicable. If they decline I respectfully ask permission to furnish for their use arms and ammunition in moderate quantities, also provisions and shoes. These men will be useful to us, whether enlisted or not. They are, I understand, at the present time, under the advise. They are, I understand, at the present time, under the advice of Commander Harmony, on an expedition to burn the bridge over the Suwannee River on the Jacksonville and Tallahassee Railroad, about 30 miles west of Lake City.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General.

