HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA,Barrancas, June 14, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Defenses of New Orleans:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of June 3, Numbers 402, the following additional information in regard to affairs in my neighborhood received from refugees and deserters:

The garrison at Fort Morgan does not exceed 600 men. There are two companies of cavalry at Camp Withers, two companies at Camp Andover, guarding the salt-works, and one company at Camp Powell, near the Perdido. The general impression is that the rebel rams will not attack the blockading squadron but content themselves with defending the harbor of Mobile. At and near Milton there are three companies of cavalry, about 100 men in all. In the Blackwater River the rebels have been placing torpedoes at different places between Milton and Pierce's Point. Colonel Maury is still above Pensacola, at the Seven and Fifteen Miles Stations, with six companies of cavalry and three pieces of artillery.

Mobile papers of the 10th instant place General Grant at Mechanicsville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 15, 1864.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am getting things into shape as fast as possible. The school if instruction for colored troops is being started at Beaufort, as being better than this place, and I have got the officers interested in the matter of perfection of drill, &amp;c. At the end of two or three months, at the farthest, I will have these colored regiments so set up that they can be taken into battle with confidence.

Inconsequence of the large amount of transportation, extra stores, engineer and quartermaster material, pontoons, boats, extra horses, arms, &c., taken away by General Gillmore the department is left nearly stripped of many useful and necessary things. One light battery and a portion of the cavalry are without horses; boats and pontoons are wanting, together with a sufficient number of vessels for operations inside, as well as for the transfer of troops on the outside, from one point to another of the department. I trust you will not think me complaining, for I only wish to give you an inside view of matters for your private information. I shall endeavor to make the best use of the means at my disposal, and hope to be able, after due preparation, to give a good account of ourselves.

I am not so sanguine as I was a week ago about effecting any great in an extended demonstration. I have learned more of the character of the troops left here (General Gillmore, of course, took the best with him), and find that much discipline and drill is required. I am, however, getting ready for any small operations that may offer, and am watching for an opportunity to make a dash on Fort Johnson. I am in hopes of effecting a surprise. I could take Sumter if it was required, but this will involve some loss, and for it boats and ladders must be provided.

