
burn the trestle-work on the railroad which General Seymour neglected to burn on his retreat from Olustee. I expect you to make any movement of this promising success with little risks that you are able to make with your present force. The two regiments new withdrawn are required here for immediate work. I trust you may succeed in enlisting a Florida regiment. You must obtain what horses you can in your district, for it is almost impossible to get them from the North. I will reply to your letter of the 8th of June by the present mail officially.

The object of removing the main body of the regiment stationed on Amelia Island from Fernandina to Fort Clinch is twofold, viz, to secure the fort and guard the prisoners, and to remove the officers and men from the town, where they are sure to become demoralized, in a greater or less degree. A strong guard, not to exceed two companies, may be stationed in the fort at Fernandina, to guard the hospital, coal-yard, &amp;c., provided you judge it advisable. I propose to have a small steamer run from Morris and Folly Islands to and from Saint Augustine, to bring vegetables, fruits, &c., for the use of the regiments be able to take supplies from this place to Florida, touching at Fernandina and Jacksonville on her way to Saint Augustine, provided you see she is not detained at either of the above places, nor at Saint Augustine, longer than is necessary for the commissary on board to lay in his supplies of vegetables, &c.

The New York Herald of the 10th, a single copy of which is received here, [contains] nothing of interest, except the nomination of President Lincoln for President, and Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, for Vice-President. General Hunted has achieved a victory over the rebels near Staunton.

J. G. FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM BIRNEY, Commanding Dist. of Florida:

GENERAL: General Foster is in receipt of your favor of the 8th instant, concerning the letter of instructions of the 6th of June, and directs me to write you as follows, viz:

He approves of your selection of the cavalry camp to cover Saint Augustine. You will hold Picolata with such a force as in your judgment is required. The object of ordering a small permanent [guard] in Fernandina was to get the troops out of the town. You will retain in Fernandina a proper garrison, but the main body of the troops must be encamped some distance from the town.

Colonel Littlefield has been ordered to take charge of recruiting, mustering in, &c., of the Florida volunteers, and will report to you and fifty-seventh regiment will be ordered here. Concerning the detailed men of the One hundred and forty-fourth Regiment, you are respectfully referred to General Orders, Numbers 68, from these headquarters, which must be complied with. In future the quartermaster will see that you are supplied with a proper amount of forage.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

