
prisoners of the like grades, to be kept by me in positions exposed to the fire of your guns so long as you continue the course stated in your communication.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 16, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a latter* from Major General Samuel Jones, commanding the Confederate Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, dated June 13 instant, transmitted through Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding the First Military District of such department, with copies of General Ripley's letter of transmittal and of my reply.* I have sent Major E. N. Strong, of my personal staff, to Fortress Monroe, with the propeller Mary A. Boardman, with instructions to await your reply and to bring down the requisite number of prisoners to this department should the President accede to my recommendation that the means of retaliation indicated in my letter to General Jones be adopted.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., June 16, 1864.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a communication to the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, from Lieutenant Commander E. P. Williams, received by flag of truce from the enemy.+ I avail myself of this opportunity to inclose a copy of a communication++ from Brigadier General Ripley, of the Confederate Army, and also a copy of my report++ to Major-General Foster, commanding the department. By the same flag of truce I received a Richmond paper of the 10th instant. Beyond the statement that General Grant had changed his base of operations from White House to the James River, and effected a junction with General Butler, it contained no news of importance. Some anxiety was left in Richmond for the safety of Petersburg, that city having been entered by our cavalry, who were afterward driven out.

An Augusta paper of the 9th instant contained no news if interest in regard to General Sherman's movements. I should be very much

---------------

* See pp.132, 134.

+ For Williams' letter, see p. 352 of Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

++ See pp. 131, 132.

---------------

