
obliged if you would permit me to retain the deserters who were sent from the fleet on shore for the present. They will be kept on Morris Island subject to your orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., June 16, 1864.

Captain C. P. McKENNA,

Chief Engineer, Northern Dist., Dept. of the South:

The general commanding wishes you to hurry the work on the boom across the Stono as much as possible. If the plan propose will require too much time, he wishes you to adopt some other means of accomplishing the object, which is to have passage of the river closed up at once.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., June 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF CONFEDERATE FORCES IN FLORIDA:

SIR: At 4 o'clock this p. m., it was reported to me that a cavalry lieutenant had driven ridden out of the lines with 2 privates of King's road, and had not returned. I gave them up as captured or lost. At 8 o'clock this evening the lieutenant has returned, stating that he went out with a flag of truce to carry a letter. His act, though done in good faith, was wholly unauthorized by me and unknown to me until his return. It was the act of an ignorant and inexperienced second lieutenant under advice of a first of the same character. Neither of them had ever been on duty before on this line, or connected with a flag of truce.

The occasion of his going was to bear a letter written by me to Mrs. Jones and Mrs. McCormick in answer to an affecting appeal from them to give them aid in searching for the bodies of Mrs. Price and he child. I have the honor to inclose their letter.* You will see from it that they were waiting for my answer at my outer pickets. I intended my letter to be handed them there. Nothing was said about a flag of truce, but this young officer assumed that one was necessary in the circumstances. Accept my assurance of sincere regret for this occurrence, and that I shall take measures to prevent its repetition.

Although this letter is designed for Major-General Anderson, I send it open, as i wish this explanation to be known at once to the Confederate officer in command of Cedar Creek outposts.

Your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

