
feet, but it is absurd to speak of her as a fast or valuable vessel. She was of moderate speed, probably not 9 knots, and was only of account in comparison with other vessels that have not steam. Her trifling armament and number of men gave her little importance.

Whatever want of vigilance may have existed, all the information we have goes to show that it was redeemed by a sharp resistance against superior numbers. The official rebel report which has reached here states that the fighting was hard.

I hope that the writer of the notice may be called to account for these statements. They are untrue and unjust to the character of the commander, officers, and crew of the Water Witch, who, being prisoners, are unable to say anything in their own behalf, coming too, from persons within the military jurisdiction, they so far receive sanction as to engender ill feelings between the two services.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 17, 1864.

Captain T. A. CHAMPLIN,

Chief Com. of Sub., Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to transmit herewith an extract from a report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Pineo, medical inspector, U. S. Army, for your information:

I have the honor to report,. for the consideration of the major-general commanding, that on my recent tour of inspection on the Northern District I found evidence of a scorbutic tain among the colored troops. There has been no issue of potatoes for nearly a month, and the commissary informed me that the issue of fresh beef would be but once in ten days.

Surgeons inform me that the colored troops eat largely of pork, and are quite agreed that it is injurious to the health. The free use of pork in hot weather I am quite convinced is injurious. I would therefore respectfully suggest that half the usual ration of pork be issued to the soldiers of this department, and a large issue be substituted of rice, desiccated potatoes, desiccated mixed vegetables, curried cabbage, and pickles. A large use of vegetables and anti-scorbutics at this season is of the highest importance, and I would respectfully suggest that the company fund be expended for such articles of diet as the surgeons of regiments shall advise.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant, 21st U. S. Colored Troops, A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 15th instant, covering communications received by flag of truce. I am much obliged to you for the valuable suggestions contained in your letter. I have sent copies of General Jones' letter to Washington, D. C., by a member of my staff, requesting that an

