
equal number of rebel prisoners be sent me by the authorities to be exposed to the fire of the enemy. I have informed General Jones, commanding the rebel forces in South Carolina, that no more flags of truce will be received except at Fort Royal Ferry; so you will decline to have any communication with them in any part of your district. My impression is that many of the flags are sent simply for the purpose of obtaining information.

Captain Gouraud, of my personal staff, is instructed with this. He will go in charge of the flag of truce, accompanied by an officer of your staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 17, 1864.

Colonel A. S. HARTWELL,

Commanding Fifty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers:

COLONEL: General Foster is in receipt of your favor of the 13th instant, and directs me to inform you that after information he gave you of his intended action concerning the pay of your regiment, he considers the letter to the Secretary of War as ill-times. You are well aware that Colonel Hallowell, of the Fifty-fourth Regiment, has been sent North for the purpose of doing all that can be done in order to have your regiment and the other colored troops of this department receive the same compensation as is paid the white troops here. Your letter has been forwarded to the Secretary of War, with a report of what has been done in reference to their pay. The general commanding is afraid that your letter shows an inclination to make trouble, or it at least appears that your course is not calculated to allay the existing difficulties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, June 17, 1864.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Defenses of New Orleans;

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in consideration of the vigorous movements of General Sherman's army, the united operations of Polk, Forrest, and Roddey on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad in Mississippi, and the consequent scarcity of rebel troops in West Florida and Alabama, I deemed it proper to make all preparations for an advance with my small command into the interior, confidently hoping that arms, horses, and equipments for the First Florida Cavalry and battery, and land and water transportation for the infantry, will be sent from New Orleans, for which requisitions have been made and respectfully forwarded months ago. With the above view I directed the district quartermaster to have in readiness the required materials for repairing one of the wharves at Pensacola,

