
and would respectfully request for orders to the superintendent of telegraphs to send to this place the necessary wire, fixtures, mechanics, apparatus, and operators to establish a line of communication with the advance and base of operations in connection with the existing rebel telegraph line along the Pensacola railroad.

Should this application be favorably considered, I would also requested that mr. Edgar B. McNain, who was taken prisoner while on duty at Union City, Ky., by the rebels, and, making his escape from the Confederate prison at Macon, Ga., arrived within my lines the 15th instant, be ordered here as one of the operators, agreeable to his own desire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., June 18, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GURNEY,

Commanding Post, Morris Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you interest the officers on outpost duty to keep a close watch on the enemy, to observe, first, whether they remove any of the guns from their works on James Island; second, whether in the camps or additions to camps lately seen on James Island there is any smoke to be seen, particularly early in the morning, or men moving about, or any other signs of their being inhabited by troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th New York Volunteers, A. A. A. G.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., June 18, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HEINE,

Commanding Post:

The general commanding district directs that in future no communications be had with the rebels across the lines of this district, either by flag of truce or otherwise. If any flags of truce are sent out by the enemy they will be immediately ordered back, and if the air as a warning and the third at the bearer of the flag, if he does not retire at once to his own lines.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th New York Volunteers, A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 18, 1864.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON,

Commanding District of Beaufort, Beaufort, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has written Major General Samuel Jones, commanding the Confederate forces in this State, informing him that he will re-

