
ceive no more flags of truce within the Northern District, and requesting him to send any communications he may wish to reach these headquarters via Port Royal Ferry. You will therefore have one officer always in readiness to meet their officers should they at any time desire to communicate with these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

FORTRESS MONROE, VA., June 19, 1864 - 11.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I ma directed by Major-General Foster to forward to you the following dispatch:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 16, 1864. (Via Fort Monroe, 11.30 p. m., 19th.)

I have the honor to report that I have to-day received from Major General Samuel Jones, commanding the rebel forces in this department, a letter stating that 5 general officers of the U. S. Army, prisoners of war, had been placed in Charleston, to be retained there under fire. Against this wicked work and cruel act I have protested. In the mean time the fire on the city is continued. I respectfully ask that an equal number of rebel officers of equal rank may be sent to me, in order that I may place them under the enemy's fire as long as our officers are exposed in Charleston. I send Major E. N. Strong, in the steamer Mary A. Boardman, to Fortress Monroe to await your answer, and if my request be granted, to bring down the prisoners. Copies of the correspondence will be mailed to you as soon as Major Strong arrives at Fortress Monroe.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

EDWARD N. STRONG,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., June 19, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HEINE,

Commanding Post, Folly Island:

The general commanding directs that you will have a sufficient number of boats covered with brush to land a party of 40 or 50 men at the rear of Legareville, on the night of Sunday to Monday. The expedition will be under the command of Captain Luttwitz, of this staff.

On Monday morning, the 20th instant, a party of 200 men will be landed at Legareville; 100 will be furnished with shovels and constitute a working party to reduce the works thrown up by the enemy back of the village which were used by them against our gun-boats last December. The remaining 100 will be armed and act as a guard for the working party. A detail from the Rocket Battery will accompany the guard. Colonel Heine will request the co-operation of the gun-boats on Monday.

Very respectfully,

F. K. SMITH,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

