
caused by the friction or attrition of the powder against the rough surface of the bottom and sides of the shell. These are made smooth by the lacquer or varnish, &amp;c.

I have used the 100-pounders as mortars by loading them with a very small charge of powder, 3 1/4 pounds, and setting out the ring of the projectile in one place only so as to nearly fit a groove, by this means, which admits of the shell going down, merely placing the expanded portion in one of the grooves of the gun, and have got a high-curve traveling, say a range of 2,000 yards, with 20 degrees elevation. I have no doubt that when such a fire happens to be desirable it can be obtained readily with the heavy rifles. The starting out of the ring in this way causes it to take the grooves with this low charge.

With the best wishes for your health and success, most truly, yours,

R. P. PARROTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C. June 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of Armies of United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have carefully considered the different plans for taking Fort Sumter, and have come to the conclusion that the fort may be taken at any time your order, provided I have at least six assaulting rafts or boats, each provided with a very large scaling ladder, to be lowered upon the top of the wall, so that 5,000 men can scale the walls at the same time.

At my request Mr. Wiard, of New York, has prepared, with as much secrecy as possible, plans for the construction of boats suitable for the purpose. I have just received these, and inclose them to you. I would like three of each kind. The boats with steam are much the best in every respect, as they can always be made useful in transporting troops and making landings in creeks and shoal waters. It will, however, take more time to built them.

If you think well of the project, I respectfully ask that you will obtain the necessary sanction of the Secretary of War, and order the boats at once. I would respectfully suggest that the contract specify a certain definite time for the delivery of these boats, after the expiration of which it shall be optional with the United States whether or not to receive them.

I have the honor to be, &c.,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose an extract from the Charleston Tri-weekly Mercury of the 14th instant, giving a list of the names of our officers now in confinement in that portion of the city of Charleston most exposed to out fire. These are undoubtedly the

