HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., June 23, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS J. ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: Referring to the report of Lieutenant Colonel P. Pineo, medical inspector, Department of the South, I beg to state that he is in part mistaken. The troops at the south end of Folly Island are somewhat crowded. They were so placed by my orders, for which there existed a military necessity. They are not, however, on ground which had been so long encamped on as that in almost every other portion of the island. The companies garrisoning the forts near Stono are of necessity on ground which has been almost constantly occupied. The Forty-first New York Volunteers was on ground a portion of which only had been camped on for the last seven months. The Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers is on ground which had been unoccupied for about three months. The One hundred and third New York Volunteers is on ground which was unoccupied for about six months. The Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers is on ground which had not been camped on for about seven months. As soon as the necessity for their being placed so closely together ceases to exist, and the ground in other parts of the island becomes seasoned by exposure to the atmosphere, the camps will be more separated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, Fla., June 26, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Div. of West Mississippi:

MAJOR: I beg to report that some heavy guns, kindly loaned by Admiral Farragut, were moved to Forts Pickens and Barrancas, and partly mounted, according to inclosed special order, but having just received the inclosed mote from the admiral, I have detained two 150-pounder Parrotts at Fort Pickens wharf awaiting the order of the commanding general, and would request for instructions whether I shall have the 100-pounder rifled gun dismounted and held also ready on the wharf for shipment, and to what place.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

General ASBOTH:

The heavy guns loaned by Admiral Farragut can be mounted as originally intended, as they are not now required for use elsewhere.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA, Numbers 135. Barrancas, June 8, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. The sixteen heavy guns kindly supplied by Admiral Farragut for temporary use at Forts Pickens and Barrancas will be mounted as follows: Four 150-pounder rifled Parrott guns at Fort Pickens,

