
four 9-inch smooth-bore Dahlgren guns at Fort Barrancas, one 100-pounder rifled Parrott gun and two 11-inch smooth-bore Dahlgren guns at Old Spanish Fort, and four 20-pounder rifled Parrott guns and one 18-pounder rifled Parrott gun at Barrancas Redoubt.

Lieutenant F. Rettig, First Florida Battery, acting assistant ordnance officer, will superintendent the mounting of those guns accordingly, and the quartermaster's department will furnish the required material, mechanics, and laborers.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

SAML. T. BUELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Off Mobile.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Pensacola:

GENERAL: You will please reserve, if not already mounted, two of the 150-pounder rifled guns and all 100-pounder rifled guns, as General Canby has made a request that I should supply him with some. The Tennessee taken some 11-inch guns, which you can use in place of the rifled guns, if you desire them.

Very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the U. S., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 21st and will endeavor to carry out your instructions and those of the Secretary of War to the very letter. I shall first endeavor to ascertain from General Samuel Jones the degree of exposure, the hind and amount of rations, the general comforts, as beds, blankets, &amp;c., which are given to our prisoners, and then give the same to the rebel prisoners. Every precaution will be taken to prevent escape or recapture.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the U. S., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have to report that the rebel signal code now used by the enemy at Charleston has been deciphered by Sergt. John D. Colvin, of the Signal Corps. For this, which is the result of his constant watchfulness, study, and perseverance for several weeks,

