
night and day, at his station in Fort Strong. I respectfully recommend that he be rewarded by promotion to lieutenant in the Signal Corps, or by a brevet or medal of honor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that his application to the General-in-Chief for rebel officers, prisoners of war, for the purpose of awarding them similar treatment as is being received by our prisoners in Charleston, has been granted. Thirty-five field and general officers are now en route for this place, and their arrival is hourly expected. The general directs that quarters for their accommodation be erected, and in the following places: One in Fort Putnam, one in Chatfield, one in Strong, and, if convenient and you think advisable, one between Putnam and Chatfield, each capable of accommodation 12 or 15 officers. The chief quartermaster has been directed to supply the necessary men and material for their construction.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 28,1 864.

Major-General FOSTER, Department of the South:

GENERAL: The Quartermaster-General desires that you send such available ocean steamers as may be in your department to New Orleans for the transportation of troops.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., June 28,1 864.

Captain JOHN H. MOORE, Chief Q. M. Hilton Head, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct that all orders given to you by Brigadier General John P. Hatch, relative to the expedition now being prepared, will be recognized by you as though they came from these headquarters. The transports for the expedition must be supplied with as many small boats as they can take conveniently. The teams must be sent with the expedition. If you cannot spare this number, you can call on General Saxton's quartermaster for what you want. General Saxton has been informed of this, and also directed to send his quartermaster here immediately to get what transportation he may want of General Saxton's command going with the expedition.

W. L. M. BURGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

