
object. Our retreat is, under all circumstances, secure. I laid this same plan before General Gillmore last winter, but as he may have taken the papers with him, I will embody the information I possess on the subject in another report. I will have a full report ready in regard to the strength and position of the enemy on my front by day after to-morrow. I think I can at present, without any risk, leave the district for twenty-four hours, and, if you consider it necessary, verbally give you information when wanted, if in my possession.

One of my aides, a strictly reliable gentleman, is the only person acquainted with the contents of this letter and the annexed plan* of operations. I have not mentioned your plans to any one.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., June 28,1 864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in order to ascertain whether the artillery are yet doing picket duty in front of Cole's Island I to-day effected an exchange of papers with the enemy, and obtained a Charleston paper of this date. I find that the Second Regiment South Carolina Artillery are no longer there. From resolutions published in this paper it will be seen that two artillery companies have been disbanded; from the names of the captains I order from General Jones calling for the reserves of the Charleston District to report on the 5th of July for duty in the field. It fully appears that there has been no communication between Charleston and Virginia telegraphic or otherwise, for over a week.

The paper which I send herewith was exchanged for an unimportant Western paper of the 21st instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., June 28, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HEINE:

The telegram commanding directs that you designate one of your staff or other officers, who shall, until further orders, daily inspect the boats, scows, &amp;c., to see that they are kept in good serviceable condition and in readiness for use at any moment. It has been observed that the care of the boats had been neglected; that they have been handled upon the beach and exposed to the sun until they have become leaky and in some instances entirely unfit for service. The general commanding further instructs me to say that he will hold you personally responsible that the boats, &c., are now kept in proper order.

Very respectfully,W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th New York Volunteers, A. A. A. G.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

