HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., June 29, 1864.

Captain CHELIUS, Commanding Bridge Train:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs that you hold your bridge train in readiness to move by noon to-morrow, June 30. Your men will take three days' cooked rations in haversacks, a rubber blanket, and an extra pari of socks. They will carry their muskets, 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes, and 40 rounds in knapsacks or otherwise well secured. You will take with you on the steamer when you leave one small row-boat and one pontoon-boat, and on arriving at your destination will unload and use them if necessary, otherwise not. Your bridge and men will be embarked on a steamer to-morrow afternoon or evening, and taken to Seabrook Point. There you will report to Lieutenant suter, chief engineer of the department, and be subject to hi orders. The intention is the to take the bridge round by boats through Bohicket Creek to Haulover Cut, and set up over the cut. Unless otherwise ordered by General Foster or the chief engineer, you will, as soon as the permanent bridge across Haulover Cut is repaired and in serviceable condition, take down your bride and return with it to Folly island and report to the general commanding. On first arriving to-morrow night at North Edisto River, you will not at once land, but your steamer must come to anchor in the stream under cover of the gun-boat there, and await further orders. It is possible that you may have to return to Stono without landing. If you disembark, you will in any case send the steamer back immediately to Stono.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,E. W. SCHAUFFLER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., June 30, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I shall start on the first of my expeditions to-night, if General Birney arrives from Florida with his detachment in time. I shall land on Seabrook Island and march with the main body to the upper end, where I hope to seize the ferry by parties sent in advance. I shall then cross over, and, while demonstrating against Charleston, destroy the railroad. For this purpose a heavy party, under General Birney, will sweep down the road to the Ashepoo Ferry, if possible. In the mean time if the gun-boats can be got through Wadmalaw River, we will try the strength of Fort Pemberton. Another party, aided by gun-boats and iron-clads, will be ready on the Stono to take advantage of any weakening of the line from Secessionville across to the river. My definite object is to destroy the railroad, and, this, I think, we shall accomplish. But, in addition, we shall worry the enemy, and may possibly find a weak spot by which we may penetrate. If so, we shall not fail to profit by it. If none are found on the west side, I may, possibly, before retiring, attempt to take Fort Johnson by boats. If all these fail, I shall turn right about and try Savannah, where I think we can make a "ten strike." I am not so sanguine as I would be if I had my old North Carolina troops and proper arrangements of light-draught steamers for landing in shoal waters, as we had in North

