HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., June 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. VON MITZEL,Commanding Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Vols., Cole's Island:

I am instructed by the general commanding to inform you that the movement has been postponed for twenty-four hours, when all the orders and instructions already given will be carried out. The troops must be provided with three days' cooked rations for July 2, 3,and 4. Captain McKenna, chief engineer, will fix the bridge from Cole's to James Island. The general directs that you must do the rest of the work.

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant,127th New York Volunteers, A. A. A. G.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Fort Clinch, Fla., June 30, 1864.

General BIRNEY,

Commanding U. s. Forces in Florida:

GENERAL: The bearer wishes me to state to you the facts, so far as I know them, concerning the guns thrown off the end of the wharf near Fort Clinch while the enemy were evacuating. When our army took possession here in the spring of 1862, search was made for those guns, and I think (though of this I am by no means certain) that one was abandoned, and I have occasion to know that a bar has formed in consequence of foreign deposits that have impeded the current to such an extent that I have been obliged to abandon that location as a landing. There must now be a depth this bank appears to be increasing. Mr. Casner's observation will also reveal the same truth. I have been here more than two years, having come down with the army of occupation, and if my acquaintance with any matters here can be of importance to your command I beg you to refer to me for such information any of your officers or men. It will always give me pleasure to serve the cause or yourself by all means in my power.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED F. SEARS,

Captain, N. Y. Vol. Engs., Engineer in Charge.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Jacksonville, July 11, 1864.

It appears on evidence of several parties that when the rebels evacuated Fort Clinch they threw some pieces of cannon from the end of the engineer wharf near the fort into the water. I have had these searched for. The result is shown within.

Respectfully forwarded for information of major-general commanding.

WM. BIRNEY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

