
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, Va. August 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

As I have requested that all the troops can be spared from General Foster's command be brought forward, and that General Foster for the present act purely on the defensive at Charleston, there is no necessity for sending these vessels.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.

U. S. S. WABASH, Port Royal, S. C., July 6, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: By dispatch received yesterday from Admiral Dahlgren i am informed that it is contemplated by the army forces to erect a battery of two guns on Scull Creek, and that the guns are to be furnished by me upon your requisition. In accordance therewith, I beg to state that the guns (caliber 8 or 9 inch) will be promptly sent whenever you may call for them.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. CAMP,

Captain, U. S. Navy, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 7, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of June 25 in regard to the order of Colonel Hallowell, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers. I feel very much mortified that this thing should happen, and all I can do is to offer and explanation. The whole affairs was a misconception on the part of one of my staff officers, who was not authorized to issue the order to Colonel Hallowell that he did. The officers of the two regiments, the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, in view of the very bad condition of the men of their regiments, who were in want of their pay, were extremely anxious to take some steps by which it might be remedied. I therefore consented to permit Colonel Hallowell to go to New York on leave of absence, with permission to ask leave to visit Washington. An order, instead of the requisite leave of absence, was given thought a misunderstanding. I am well aware of the prohibition of allowing officers to visit Washington, and have always strictly observed it. Colonel Hallowell has been ordered to return immediately to his regiment.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

