
dictates of common humanity, and to require a change of location which you have every reason to know the prisoners d not themselves desire is to throw an unnecessary obstacle in the way of accomplishing this end, and thus to retain prisoners of war in irksome confinement. The change I most prefer would be send them to your headquarters, and thus to retain prisoners of war in irksome confinement. The change I most prefer would be to send them to your headquarters, and this may yet be done, unless defeated by obstacles interposed by yourself or your Government.

I was notified of your request to send a staff officer to meet one of yours at Port Royal at 2 p. m. to-day, too late to comply therewith. I have, however, directed the officer of your staff to be informed that I would send an officer to meet him at 4 p. m. to-morrow, and have accordingly directed Major J. F. Lay, assistant adjutant and inspector general, to take charge of this letter and deliver it at Port Royal Ferry. I repeat that he is fully advised of my views, and should you desire it will confer with you or any officer of my views, and should you desire it will confer with you or any officer of your staff whom you may designate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., July 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,Commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Permit me to say, in reply to your letter of the 7th instant, that I am not aware of any "well-established custom of releasing medical officers of both armies." I shall, however, make the necessary inquiries on this point, and if the custom referred to, which I believe has of late fallen into disuse, from what causes I need to say, is still regarded I shall be governed thereby. It is, however, proper to say that Dr. W. T. Robinson, of the One hundred and forth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wa snot when captured attending to the sick and wounded of your army, but was separated from his command, apparently engaged in reconnoitering the country. While I hope that no obstacle to his release may arise, I regret to be compelled to detain him until the facts in his case can be more particularly learned.

The blank pay accounts have been disposed of as requested.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 16, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: Regarding the case of Dr. W. T. Robinson, of the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured by you pickets on John's Island, I deem it proper to say that at the time of his capture he was not, as you stat in your letter of the 13th instant

