HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 18, 1864.

Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN, U. S. Navy,Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have received one case which I believe contains one torpedo clock. I wanted six of them. Please also to send a description of the manner of winding them up and setting them to run a certain time. I propose to go to Morris Island this evening to try these mines, provided the preparations be completed, as I ordered. I think it will be necessary to make use of a monitor form which to float the rafts down upon the fort. Will you please give the necessary orders to aid in the enterprise, provided the senior officer there has not already that power. I shall leave this evening or to-night.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA, Port Royal Harbor, S. C., July 18, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: It will soon be necessary to discharge from the Navy a considerable number of contrabands at this place, because of the expiration of their terms of service. The most of them have not served more than a year, and many of them have families in the vicinity. Inasmuch as every able-bodied man should be made to contribute his due share of service in bearing arms, I should like to know whether you have taken any measures in this respect regarding the land service. I think these people make some calculation to escape the full extent of military service, by a partial term afloat, and where they are more or less useful, and where they may be willing to remain if they find they have to serve somewhere for a full term.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., July 20, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have been informed that the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Regiments Massachusetts Volunteers are soon to be paid at the rate of $13 a month, from the 1st of January, 1864, and that the question of their pay before that time will also be settled before long. I would respectfully request that the major-general commanding would give orders to the chief paymaster of this department not to settle the clothing accounts of these two regiments on their first payment from January 1, but to have the clothing accounts deducted form their pay for 1863. The heavy fatigue duty

