
that at Darby's, 7 miles from Baldwin, is 400 yards long and 30 feet high; that at Deep Creek, 2 miles from Baldwin, is 100 feet long. These trestles are guarded, I am told, by a force of boys and old men. Our cavalrymen will handle these with ease. I m now getting ready to move. I shall start on Sunday or Monday. If I succeed in destroying the trestle-work, circumstances will determine my course. Baldwin, with its six guns, locomotives, and trains, may fall into our hands. If I can assault it successfully, I will. Or I may move down the Cedar Keys railroad, capturing the two locomotives, some hundred horses, and a large number of contrabands. I shall go in light marching order and move quickly on the roads.

Accept my acknowledgment for your kindness hitherto, and believe me, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Jacksonville, July 20, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 16th instant. Mine of the 112th instant was written when I had fewer troops. Since the order returning the troops to their respective districts (an order of which no official copy has been sent me) I have troops enough not only for defense but attack. the Seventh and Thirty-fifth arrived safely in due time, and the battery got in last night. My clearing up of Nassau County relieves us from all fear of torpedoes, nor do I think that the enemy will ever attempt to gain possession of any point below Trout Creek (unless his force is greatly increased) so long as we have a battery and infantry with which to fall upon his rear.

To the best of my ability I have combatted the apprehension here of the abandonment of Florida, but the people are nervous, having been abandoned twice already after promises to the contrary had been made them. Our staunchest friends stood everything well until the battery was sent off. The removal of that shook their confidence. When it came back yesterday there was great cheering in the town. I mention this nervous apprehension of the people as a fact the major-general commanding ought to be fully informed of. My building a wharf on the opposite side of the river and erection of saw-mills will do more to restore their confidence than anything else expect the sending back of the troops.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Jacksonville, Fla., July 20, 1864.

Captain W. L. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the pleasure of announcing to the major-general commanding that a small party sent out by me has succeeded in

