HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., July 23, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the South:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully request that another engineer company, in addition to Captain McKenna's detachment, be assigned for temporary duty in this district. This has become indispensable in view of the injury done to our works on Morris Island during the present bombardment and the new works ordered by the major-general commanding. There is no officer on Morris Island properly qualified to carry on this work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

CITY POINT, VA., July 24, 1864-5.30 p. m. (Received 10 a. m., 25th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Please direct General Foster to order Brigadier General William Birney to report to General Butler, if his services can be dispensed with. His brigade might be brought here if General Foster thinks he can do without it. Whilst operations continue here much cannot be done in the Department of the South except to hold what we have got.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 25,1 864.

Forwarded to Major-General Foster, commanding Department of the South, for his instruction. If General Birney or his brigade can be spared as indicated, General Foster will so order.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., July 24,1 864.

Colonel A. S. HARTWELL,Commanding Post, Folly Island:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding having seen the outpost report from Cole's Island for the 22nd and 23rd of July, directs: First. That if the garrison at Battery Numbers 2 are not able to make better practice they be relieved by men that are. Second. that after cutting the fuses for shells before firing, fine powder be rubbed in and the hole made larger. Third. That on the appearance of the enemy's pickets opposite the right on Cole's Island, fire be opened upon them from the fort with grape and canister; also that the enemy's lookout be cut down by the 30-pounders in position at the fort. Fourth. That as soon as the weather becomes again clear and dry the fallen trees and brush-wood opposite the right of Cole's Island and be ignited by shells.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. K. SMITH,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

