HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 25, 1864.

Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of the 13th and 18th, in relation to the discharge of a considerable number of contrabands from the naval service and desiring on land. In order to carry out your wishes I desire, in all discharges from the naval service in this department, whether contrabands or other persons, where those discharged are not sent North in a naval vessel, that those discharged may be turned over to the nearest provost-marshal on shore, and in no case to be suffered to go at large until permitted to do so by my order. I would respectfully ask how it is that these persons' terms of service are of so short duration. In the Army we require an enlistment for three years. The terms of service ought to be equalized, so as to give no preference in that respect to either branch. At the present time the discharges of these men, who will make inferior soldiers, from the naval service, while we are transferring some of our best soldiers to the naval service, operates very much to the prejudice of the army, and impairs its efficiency.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 25,1 864.

Brigadier-General BIRNEY,Commanding District of Florida:

GENERAL: Upon the receipt of this you will send one regiment and four pieces and caissons of the light battery to this place. The regiment will bring its knapsacks, shelter-tents, and camp kettles, and the officers only one small valise each, for baggage. The four pieces and caissons will be fully manned, horses, and equipped in every respect for active service. You will at once come to this place to give testimony before a court-martial.

Respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., July 25, 1864.

Rear-Admiral DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to beg that you will place at my disposal a few clock-work torpedoes. I may wish to use these to break the booms around Sumter in connection with the floating mines, and also for other purposes, and would like to see them work before I make requisition for a supply from the North. Allow me to beg that

