
you will refer the officer who hands you this letter to some one who may give him such information with regard to the working of these torpedoes as may be in possession of the navy.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., July 25, 1864.

Colonel A. S. HARTWELL,Commanding Post, Folly Island:

COLONEL: In to-day's outpost report from Kiawah Island, the following occurs: "Rebel pickets were observed through the night, opposite rifle-pit B."

The general commanding directs that you send a reliable officer to investigate this matter, using the picket on Kiawah Island for the purpose. He will endeavor to find whether there are any traces of the enemy near our front, without going too far form the picket-line.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. K. SMITH,

Captain Island, S. C., July 25, 1864.

Captain J JUNGBLUT,

Commanding Rocket Battery:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs that you have a detachment of stands of the Rocket Battery in readiness early to-morrow morning, to accompany an expedition to be sent to Legareville. The men will be provided with two days' rations.

By order of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig:

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th New York Vols, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General SCHIMMELFENNIG,Commanding Northern District:

GENERAL: I desire you to have the Swamp Angel repaired and armed with a 30-pounder or 100-pounder Parrott to fire on Fort Sumter along the left flank of that work, and thus prevent the enemy landing materials at the sally-port on that side, and also receiving re-enforcements and supplies. Considerable work is needed on the platform and foundation to make it strong enough to support the shock of the gun. I also want your report, as soon as it can be furnished, of the effect of the firing on Fort Sumter, and of the mine rafts, and also your opinion as to the practicability of an assault by boats. I also require a report of the attack on Fort Johnson by boats, and the reason for the failure of such attack. the rebel papers speak of Colonel Hoyt's conduct as being very gallant and brave, state that some of his men ran back to the boats.

