
slaughter what beef-cattle are to be had in your neighborhood, and which are necessary to subsist both you own troops and the negroes and refugees on fresh beef. You will keep your boats always in readiness to land those who come in to you on the opposite side of the river, if necessary. A force of U. S. troops will march to-morrow from Magnolia to Marion County, proceeding by the Bellamy road. All prisoners taken will be carefully guarded until they can be forwarded to the provost-marshal here. You will send your patrols to scout the country as far as to the point where Orange Creek joins the Ocklawaha. Be particularly guarded against any surprise from Dickison's rebel cavalry. You will build one complete dock, and after that is completed go to work on another, and you will drag the river carefully for torpedoes. You will issue stringent orders to all your force against pillage of any kind, and see that your orders in this regard are carried out to the letter. Any pillaging of houses or property or destruction of either or of standing crops will be severely punished. This will not interfere with your taking such stores as are necessary for subsistence of your men and horses, but it must be taken in the regular manner. All the old corn which you find you will secure, taking such horses and teams as are necessary for the purpose, and storing it at Palatka.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

M. BAILEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Jacksonville, July 27, 1864.

Captain J. A. WEISS,Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding at Magnolia:

CAPTAIN: The general directs that you hold yourself in readiness to march at a moment's notice with an expedition into the interior. Ten days' rations are sent you for that purpose, and your men will get no more of any kind until those ten days are over. You will therefore caution them to be economical. You will be relieved of your command of Magnolia in order that you may accompany this expedition. Without further orders, you will report tot he commanding officer of the Third U. S. Colored Troops on his arrival and accompany him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BAILEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Jacksonville, July 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Yellow Bluff:

SIR: We have taken Baldwin. There is a locomotive and train at Callahan, or between there and Baldwin, which you will march at once to capture. Take six days' rations with you. Send locomotive and train to Baldwin. When you have done what you can, go back to Yellow Bluff.

Very respectfully,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

