
is at Magnolia with his company and a detachment of convalescents, with instructions to make a strong camp. The kind of works built by the rebels is the best for Baldwin-logs, covered with earth. You might use for the purpose the logs taken from their works. Save all the planks for platforms, &amp;c. I shall return as soon as possible.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 30,1 864.

Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Present:

I have the honor to request the loan of six 100-pounder Parrott guns, to be placed in a new battery erected on Cumming's Point. I also beg leave to say that I will avail myself of your offer of some 9-inch guns for the battery at Spanish Wells, and will send for them in a day or two. I shall be obliged to borrow of you the ammunition for these guns, as we have none.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 30, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding Confederate Forces, S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith an official copy of General Orders, Numbers 190, from Adjutant-General's Office, dated Washington, D. C., May 3,1 864, and would respectfully invite your particular attention to section 127, page 4, which relates to the principle recognized in regard to holding medical officers and chaplains as prisoners of war.* I respectfully ask to be informed as soon as practicable of your decision regarding the return of Dr. W. T. Robinson, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, s requested by me in communication to you bearing date of July 7, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., July 30, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Beaufort:

The major-general commanding directs that the Twenty-ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, the Ninth, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-

---------------

*Full order will appear in Series II. The section specially mentioned is as follows: "The principle being recognized that medical officer; and chaplains should not be as prisoners of war, all medical officers and chaplains so held by the United States

will be immediately and unconditionally discharged."

---------------

