
9-inch guns from the Wabash, but she has left this port, and I have required on the Bureau for some. When they arrive I shall be glad to meet your wishes.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadrons.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., July 31, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Commanding District of Beaufort:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Ninth U. S. Colored Troops be prepared to embark within three days, with all their camp and garrison equipage. The Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops to be prepared to move within twenty-four hours, with all their camp and garrison equipage, and to embark as soon as transportation arrives at Beaufort, proceeding at once to Hilton Head, when the commanding officer will report at these headquarters for sealed orders. The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops to be prepared to move within twenty-four hours in light marching order, with three days' rations. The knapsacks and haversacks to contain nothing but rations and one pair of socks, with rubber blankets, if they have them; if not, woolen blankets or overcoats. They will all carry 20 rounds of ammunition extra.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., July 31, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM BIRNEY,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to state that, in accordance with instructions received from the General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, you are ordered to report at once to Major-General Butler, at Fort Monroe, Va., and will take with you your brigade, consisting of four regiments of colored troops. The Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, belonging to your brigade, you will embark the Seventh and Eighth and proceed with them to this place, where they will be re-embarked on sea transportation.

The major-general commanding desires you to select the fourth regiment from the Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops or the Twenty-ninth Connecticut Volunteers.

The major-general commanding further directs that you re-embark at once, and proceed with all possible dispatch. The Ninth U. S. Colored troops has been ordered to be ready to embark.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

