HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 1, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding S. Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Port Royal, S. C.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to inform you that 91 men from the Navy were landed at this place last evening with permission to remain on shore one week. I inclose a copy of one of said passes. Your letter to me of 26th ultimo states that all persons discharged from the Navy and not sent home will be turned over to the nearest provost-marshal, subject to my orders. I have given instructions that all such men shall be conscripted at once in the U. S. Army as a military necessity. I therefore respectfully request to be informed if I am to consider the men landed last night from the Navy as discharged or on leave. The latter clause of the pass leads me to suppose that these men were discharged, as it seems to be optional with the men to return or not.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 1, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to inform you that the Government has given me authority to exchange the rebel prisoners of war in this department for those of our officers confined in Charleston. Arrangements have been made to make the exchange in Charleston Harbor, between Fort Moultrie and Battery Putnam, at 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning. Will you please inform the senior officer off Charleston of the fact?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., August 1, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: With deep and sincere pleasure I learn from your note that our exchange has been authorized, which will restore to us or gallant officers so cruelly exposed in Charleston. It will give me pleasure to convey them from Charleston to Port Royal on board the Pawnee, if perfectly agreeable to yourself and to them. Captain Green, the senior officer off Charleston, will be so instructed, and also to offer any of the light steamers and boats that may be needed for their reception. Captain Green will be directed also to fire a salute from the Pawnee as soon as our officers are landed on our decks.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding S. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

