
excellent service in effecting a breach in the walls of Sumter, they are not as effective in clearing away the debris and combing down the slope as the largest-sized, smooth-bore guns would be. I have understood that 11 and 15 inch Dahlgren guns can be obtained from the navy, and would respectfully request that four or six of these may be sent here for use against Sumter.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

File. Action has been taken.

J. G. F.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 1, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has occurred in this command since the last visit of the major-general commanding. The firing into the city and the bombardment of Fort Sumter have been continued as ordered, the particulars of which will be found in the report, herewith inclosed, of Lieutenant-Colonel Ames, chief of artillery of the district.

The enemy replies to our fire occasionally from his works on James and Sullivan's Islands. The enemy's fatigue parties still show themselves around Fort Johnson, Battery Simkins, and the works around Secessionville.

I am moving the headquarters of this district of Morris Island.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Morris Island, S. C., August 1, 1864.

Lieutenant W. B. DEAN,

A. A. A. G. Hdqrs. Northern Dist., Dept. of the South:

SIR: I have the honor to state that since my last report of July 22, the firing upon Fort Sumter has been continued. The fire from guns of Fort Putnam has been directed at a point on the gorge wall to the left of the old breach. The fire from Battery Chatfield has been directed at the center of the sea-wall. This change in the point against which the fire was directed was made in accordance with orders from department headquarters. The breach in gorge wall has been cut or combed off for about 7 feet. The sea-wall has been cut down for about 5 feet. The breach, however, is not yet practicable.

On July 30, No. 4 gun, Fort Putnam (200-pounder Parrott), was disabled, a crack appearing on right upper quarter of gun and extending from under re-enforce to left trunnion. This gun has fired 573 rounds. August 1, No. 4 piece, Battery Chatfield (300-pounder), was disabled, about 24 inches of muzzle being blown off. This gun has fired 1,200 rounds. The carriage was not injured, so that the

