HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 2, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Present:

ADMIRAL: I have received your letter of the 1st, and thank you for your kind offer of the Pawnee to bring them to Port Royal. I think it will be better, however, to bring them down on the Cosmopolitan, which has ample accommodations. I will thank you for your kind intentions of a salute from the Pawnee guns, which will be a handsome compliment to our brave officers. I will order the Cosmopolitan, as soon as she gets our officers on board, to hoist her flags, and, with band playing, to round to under the stern of the Pawnee while the salute is being fired. After returning thanks for the compliment to the captain of the Pawnee, the Cosmopolitan will steam for this harbor. Fort Welles will salute as it enters.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 2, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Dept. of the South, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I received your letter of the 29th ultimo, informing me that the Secretary of War had authorized you to exchange any prisoners in your hands, rank for rank, or their equivalents, such exchange being s special one; and that you had sent Major Anderson to make arrangements as to time and place for the exchange. Major Lay, of my staff, whose authority to act I had previously made known to you, and who met Major Anderson at Port Royal Ferry, reports to me that he and Major Anderson had agreed to make the exchange to-morrow morning in the north channel leading to Charleston Harbor. Having received authority from my Government to make the exchange, I will send 5 generals and 45 field officers of the U. S. service on a steamer for exchange for exchange at the time and place appointed. The details as to equivalents will be settled between Majors Lay and Anderson, or any other officer to whom you may assign that duty, and any balance that may be found due you will be forwarded in officers by flag of truce, as agreed upon.

On your assurance conveyed in your letter of the 16th ultimo, that Assistant Surgeon Robinson, of the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Regiment, was not, when captured, reconnoitering, I will release and send him within your lines as soon as it can be done. He had been sent from here before I received your letter in regard to him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS BOAT INFANTRY,Morris Island, S. C., August 2, 1864.

Lieutenant E. W. SCHAUFFLER, Aide-de-Camp:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from the general commanding, three boats went entirely

