HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 5, 1864.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding S. Atlantic Block, Squad., Port Royal Harbor, S. C.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 4th instant in relation to passes given by Captain Reynolds, U. S. Navy, to a number of contrabands to remain on shore one week or be subject to the action of the military authorities. In reply I have to state that while I do not object to men from the Navy receiving permission to come ashore and remain for a few days, while actually in the service, I most certainly do object to men receiving such permission after having been virtually discharged from the Navy, and their return being optional with the men themselves.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: Admiral Dahlgren has declared his willingness to lend six 11-inch guns, will carriages, implements, and the requisite officers, crew, and ammunition. The guns are to be landed by the navy at Light-House Inlet, and will be transported to their positions by the army. It is recommended, however, that at high tide the scows used for carrying the shells be run up as high as possible on the beach near the battery and the shells be thrown overboard, so that they can be picked up at low tide by the wagons and taken into the battery. Four 100-pounder Parrott guns will be sent up also as soon as transportation can be had. I will borrow from the navy some 100 and 200 and 300 pounder ammunition, and send it up at the same time, if possible.

Inclosed you will find a certified copy of a letter* just received from Colonel Hoyt, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, which reached these headquarters through one of our released officers. You will have a thorough investigation made, as desired by Colonel Hoyt, and ascertain upon whom the responsibility rests.

I likewise inclose an official copy of the ordnance report+ from your command, with indorsements thereon, and your attention is invited to indorsement from Lieutenant John R. McGinness, chief of ordnance, who states that there is a good supply of lacquer on hand, and that he even used some himself when up there, instructing the men how to lay it on.

The report of the chief of artillery for the Northern District states that the suggestions of R. P. Parrott have not as yet been put into practice. You will cause an investigation to be had in this matter at once, and ascertain with whom the fault of this negligence lies, and have orders issued immediately to lacquer the shells, as per instruction

---------------

* See Part I, p.86.

+ See p.190.

---------------

