
given by Lieutenant McGinness, chief of ordnance, Department of the South, when in your district. The officer who is responsible for this negligence should be punished.

I wish, in the firing on the city, that the aim be to the right of the circular church, and that a greater range, of 300 to 500 yards, be given to the shells.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., August 5, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER:

GENERAL: The Delaware being still aground I have not yet sent any troops up to the Head. Since writing last night I have had an opportunity of conversing with the citizens and feel that if there is any authority given you to retain Birney's brigade here it should be done. I believe with the assistance of the troops the State can be immediately brought back to the Union. Raids will distress the rebels, but will not give confidence enough to the people to make them rise ne masse. I shall immediately occupy Magnolia and land the troops from Hilton Head directly at that point. The raid through Marion will be made from there, whilst the force at Baldwin will hold in check the troops at the Little Saint Mary's. The locomotive is not yet on the track, but it is hoped will be got on to-day. We have here no transportation except the railroad. We should have a few ambulances, and if three of four of the wagons from Beaufort (with teams) could be sent us they would be very useful.

I hope your orders will allow you to retain Birney's brigade. I am told to-day that the force at Cedar Keys mentioned in my other letter has some U. S. troops with them and that they are furnished with arms and provisions by Woodbury from Key West.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 6, 1864.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding S. Atlantic Block. Squad., Port Royal Harbor S. C.:

ADMIRAL: From information received this morning from two of our officers, escaped prisoners of war, I learn that there are about sixty more of these officers who have effected their escape, and will probably be looking for an opportunity to get into our lines. I would respectfully request that you send a boat up Broad River as far as possible, to remain there and have a sharp lookout for four or five days; also that boats be sent to Morgan and Coosaw and Edisto Rivers for the same purpose. I have instructed Brigadier-General Potter, commanding Hilton Head and Beaufort Districts, to send

