
out scouting parties as frequently as possible to assist any of these officers they may meet or find any trace of. I would also request that some of your boats be ordered for a few days to co-operate with our scouting parties in the vicinity of Mucklin's Creek and May River. They should be ordered up these creeks and rivers as far as possible, as our officers know we are informed of their escape and will be expecting some assistance.

I have the honor to be, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, August 6, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a report which has just reached me, to the effect that a provost guard yesterday arrested certain laborers at Bay Point. These men were in the naval employ and in a purely naval jurisdiction. If there were any claims to them or to their services it should have been made directly to me, and would have received that attention which I yield to all communication from your branch of the public service.

I consider this to be one of the grossest outrages that has come to my knowledge, and I have to request that the persons thus removed from Bay Point shall be returned to the naval commanding officer at that place, and the officer who ordered the guard to be sent to Bay Point to seize these persons shall be brought to trial before a court-martial.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, provost-marshal, will report as soon as possible all the facts in this case.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Hilton Head, S. C., August 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain Hennessy, district provost-marshal, for report.

JAMES F. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

