HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 8, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: Upon the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant I caused a strict inquiry to be made into all the circumstances of arrest of the working party at Bay Point. The following is the result, viz:

First. Colonel Littlefield, superintendent of recruiting, ordered a party of men from the colored battery at this place to search for deserters, of which there are known to be several hundred on Saint Helena and Ladies Islands, and Captain Hennessy, provost-marshal, gave the requisite pass to Bay Point for this party under Sergeant Mitchell, but failed, to arrest 3 men whom they recognized as deserters from their own company.

Second. After dark 13 men came ashore who, they were told, were deserters, and whom they arrested as such. The sergeant searched for an officer but could find none until the next morning, at which time he reported to him, when, finding the men to be claimed as in his service, the sergeant gave them up. I inclose a copy of the statements of Colonel Littlefield, Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, provost-marshal-general, and Captain Hennessy, also of the sergeant, and if this be not satisfactory to you, I respectfully request that you will forward to me the charges you have to make against any of the parties concerned, and I will order their trial immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 8, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to a communication from Major General L. McLaws, commanding at Savannah, dated July 29, inclosing list of names of females who desire to enter our lines, I have to state that I cannot permit any but the wives of deserters or refugees to come within our lines at this point. All the others will have to cross at Fort Monroe, after receiving the permit to do so.

Inclosed you will find a list* of those whom I will allow to cross at Port Royal Ferry when convenient to yourself and I receive timely notice of the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTY., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., August 8, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have so far complied with your letter of June 11 as relates to the Districts of Beaufort

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

