
and Hilton Head. I found the heavy artillerists at Beaufort well drilled in the manual of the piece, but ignorant of magazine duties, to the important points in which I called the attention of the battery commanders, and directed that immediate attention be given to this most important part of the drill. I found these garrisons entirely unacquainted with the nomenclature of the piece, and devoted some time to instructing the men as to the names of the different parts of the gun, carriage, and chassis.

Company D, Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, garrisoning Battery Burnside, on the second line of intrenchments, was particularly well drilled in the manual of the piece.

Fort Duane I found garrisoned by different detachments from different companies, which from necessity made poor artillerists of all. I suggested to the district commander that one company be detailed for that special purpose. Targets were being erected for practice, the same having been authorized by the district commander. I am of opinion that the artillerists in this districts are able to serve their guns with effect in case of an attack.

The artillerists in the Hilton Head District, those who had drilled at all, were in fair drill. There had been no artillery drills at Bay Point, it being garrisoned by invalids of the second class, who are fit only for guard duty. General Potter sends an infantry company there to-day and drill will be commenced immediately under a competent instructor.

The garrison of Fort Welles is well instructed in all the details of their duties.

The garrisons at the intrenchments, One hundred and forty-fourth New York, have not drilled at all, as artillery fatigue work and guard duty consume their whole time, as I am told by General Hatch.

The garrison at Fort Pulaski is well instructed in the details of their duties.

It is my opinion that neither the fort at Bay Point or the intrenchments could be efficiently served in case of an attack. I have furnished battery commanders with the necessary books for instruction and copies of General Orders, No. 42, from War Department, which prescribes the care of field-works and their armaments. I shall go to the Northern District by next boat on a tour of instruction.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. BRAYTON,

Colonel 3rd R. I. Arty., Chief of Arty., Dept. of the South.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 8, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GURNEY, Commanding, Morris Island:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you cause the boat infantry to place buoys in the channels between Forts Strong, Putnam, Sumter, Johnson, Simkins' Point, and Paine's Dock, so that boats may be able to navigate those waters with confidence on a dark night, starting from Fort Strong or Putnam, Paine's Dock, or Light-House Creek.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. SCHAUFFLER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

