HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 8, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Beaufort, S. C.:

Major-General Foster wishes the Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Volunteers to embark in time to reach Hilton Head at daylight to-morrow morning.

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, August 8, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the Second Battalion of the Second Maine Cavalry has arrived on the steam army transport Mississippi, and the disembarkment has just been completed at the navy-yard. I will endeavor to cross the Perdido to-morrow with a combined force not over 1,000 strong, to control, as far as possible, the east shore of Mobile Bay, and deprive Fort Morgan also of its land communications. The steam transport Hudson is under orders to take the Seventh Vermont Regiment north, and will leave to-morrow. And the quartermaster steamer Lizzie Davis is declared by its captain and engineer entirely unsafe (please see Captain Hanna's inclosed report). Thus I am left at the present critical moment entirely without steamers; yet I made arrangements to cross the Perdido near its month on a variety of boats, scows, and other small vessels.

I would here respectfully request that two small steamers be ordered here as soon as possible to transport the troops more promptly across and up the Perdido, and to supply them, as no wagon train can follow them.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 9, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate to you that Major J. F. Lay, assistant adjutant-general of my staff, will meet any officer of your staff whom you may designate, at Port Royal Ferry, on Tuesday morning next (16th instant), at 8 a.m. Major Lay will deliver to him the equivalent of 26 privates, reported by him as due to your Government upon the recent exchange, and will also take down a number of privates in exchange for those now held by you a willingness to exchange whom was expressed by Major Anderson, of your staff. There has been an unavailable delay in bringing to this place the officers desired for exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

