
torpedoes being laid down and to assist refugees. The troops guarding the railroad to Baldwin will fall back to Camp Finegan when the movement has fairly commenced. I shall not injure the road this side of Baldwin, but will cut that to Cedar Keys in a few places.

A great many refugees are coming in or crossing the river above here. To this time over 700 men have taken the oath at this place.

I do not despair of raising a regiment of cavalry if I can get the horses to mount them. So far only 15 men are actually enlisted, but if any of the State agents will come here with the bounty money I will have four companies immediately. The men need the money for their families, ho come in perfectly destitute. General Birney made a requisition for Spencer carbines to arm them. I hope that description of arm will be furnished, as it is found well adapted to this damp climate.

If you can, please spare me for temporary service the remainder of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry. We must depend very much on our cavalry here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The weather here is horrible; rain half the time, and the sun intensely hot in the interval. If the thing had not gone so far I would not recommend attempting it for a month or more.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 10, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GURNEY,

Commanding, Morris Island:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you cause all the row-boats in your command requiring repairs to be put in good order and serviceable condition as soon as possible, and that you report within what time that can be done. I am instructed to inform you that, Captain Edwards having reported the Swamp Angel Battery ready, Captain Grace has received orders to mount a 30-pounder Parrott gun there to-night.

The general desires that you will, personally and through your staff, do everything in your power to facilitate and expedite the transportation of ammunition to the front, making sure that all the teams are engaged in it and kept to their work. The general expects to be able to furnish you with more teams soon.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SCHAUFFLER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General P. HATCH,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 4th and 5th instant, and state that your plan of operating from Magnolia as a

