
base seems to him not to be quite so desirable as to strike out from Baldwin, and then push down country, as he thinks the latter plan would not require as many troops as the one you propose; still, he defers the matter to your judgement, as being upon the ground and therefore possessed of full information, and expects you to act accordingly.

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that you must not expect any further re-enforcements at present, but on the contrary, to state that you have one regiment, the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, that is only temporarily assigned to you for your present expedition. This regiment belongs in Beaufort, and will have to be sent back as soon as practicable, as the garrison of that place has lately been reduced two regiments, and the force there at present is entirely inadequate for a proper defense of that point.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida, Barrancas, Fla.:

SIR: The operations in the vicinity of Mobile may determine the rebels to make some demonstrations against Pensacola, and the commanding general desires that you be on your guard against any enterprise of this kind. Keep your troops so well in hand that your position will be entirely secure. At the same time he wishes such demonstrations made with your cavalry force as will deter the enemy from any attempt to re-enforce Fort Morgan from the eastward of the Mobile Bay. He desires also that you keep General Granger advised of any movement of the enemy that you may be able to discover.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 11, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Grant directs that you will send to Washington all the troops you can possibly spare, remaining yourself purely on the defensive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH, District of Florida:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 9th. I have already written to you in regard to the movement, which I hope

