
will prove a success. I intend to make a movement up Broad River, landing at Hog's Neck or Boyd's Neck, to keep the enemy on the qui vive while you are engaged in your operation. I shall require for this all the cavalry now here, which is only 100 in number. There is one thing that I wish done particularly. It is to secure enough railroad iron at Jacksonville or Fernandina to cover an iron-clad that I am about building here. Get all the iron that you can from the Lake City road beyond Baldwin. Do not, however, let this interfere with your raid. If you think the season to be unfavorable for the raid, you can wait until a favorable time occurs. I am not particular that it should be done now; I only want the best occasion to be seized for that purpose.

General Birney and his brigade left yesterday. He is to have a division in the Tenth Corps. He regretted the change, however, as he preferred to command in Florida. The brigade was 3,500 strong and mostly effectives. It went off in good style and fine spirits.

Yours, truly,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, August 12, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hilton Head, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant, in which you inform me that no more troops can be sent here. I had supposed that it was the intention of the major-general commanding that I would carry out the plans submitted to him by General Birney. To do this a larger force than I have here will be necessary. I cannot say, however, that I approve the plan of the campaign laid down by him, and am not sure that I am forced to abandon it. The same thing attempted six weeks later would be much more complete.

I go to-day to Baldwin to make arrangements to commence an extensive raid on Monday next; it will occupy five days, and I confidently hope that it will bring into our lines a large number of contrabands and considerable means of transportation. The loyal citizens are apparently very zealous, and will be of considerable use during the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The One hundred and second will be returned to Hilton Head immediately on the return of the expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, August 12, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Div. of West Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, having no Government steamer able to enter the Perdido, I engaged on the 9th instant Mr. Clapp's tug to take scows and other small vessels in tow for crossing

