
from the army or persons not in naval employ who have violated a military law, and shall be within the naval jurisdiction. Application shall be made to the senior naval officer present, afloat, and he will be instructed by me to use every means in his power for the apprehension and delivery of said person. My belief is that such an order will remove all misapprehension of the arrests made at Bay Point having been sanctioned by yourself, or by those in authority under you, and will prevent the possibility of a repetition.

The naval jurisdiction now includes the following localities: Beginning at Land's End, all south of a line marked "C D" on the survey of the Fox commissioners, and defining the southern limit of the military reservation. Secondly, all that part of Phillip's Island known as Bay Point, with the exception of the ground defined by the site of the fort, and confined strictly to that line, which I would request may particularly be made known to the commanding officer of the fort, inasmuch as Acting Master Gardner reports to me that the commanding officer at the fort told him that he had no instructions as to any naval jurisdiction at Bay Point, and that he was the commander of Bay Point. Thirdly, all the firm ground and marsh between Land's End and Bay Point, together with the intersecting creeks, are occupied for naval purposes, and are within the naval jurisdiction.

I think you will admit that this is an extremely moderate extent occupied for naval purposes, when it is considered that the whole of this harbor with the adjoining territory, Beaufort included, was first occupied and held by the navy, and that at no time during the last twelve months have I been able to obtain a house for the accommodation of the sick of the squadron in the whole town of Beaufort, but have been compelled to rely entirely on the courtesy of the army medical authorities for the accommodation of 4 or 5 officers, the nature of whose sickness made it desirable that they should reside ashore until cured. I trust, therefore, that you will use this opportunity to make known to your command that they must no trespass upon the limits of the naval jurisdiction, as they are only occupied for the most necessary purpose of keeping the numerous vessels of this command in a condition to meet the exigencies of the public service in this squadron.

I am much obliged to you, general, for the pains you have taken to have this matter properly examined into, and am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 15, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 11th, conveying the order of Lieutenant-General Grant, directing me to send to Washington all the troops that I could possibly spare. I had already sent Brigadier-General Birney's brigade, which I thought was all that I could safely spare, but being desirous to carry out my orders to the very letter, and to meet the

