
wishes of the commanding general, I have so arranged, since the receipt of your telegram, as to send three or four white regiments in addition. Although this will leave me too weak in some points, especially as I have to provide for the security of the prisoners of war that are to be sent here, yet I believe I can so arrange, by the rapid transfer of troops from one point to another in case of attack, as to meet any emergency that is likely to occur. I trust it will not be longer than the return of cold weather before a sufficient force can be given me to enable me to operate successfully against the enemy in this department.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, August 15, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Headquarters Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I have received your note inclosing extracts from the New York Herald, purporting to be from a naval correspondent. I know of no regular correspondent on board of any of the vessels of this squadron. I should regret very much that any person under my command should so far forget what was due to the public interest as to write for publication any disparaging remarks on the army or its operations. I will endeavor to prevent anything of the kind being done, so far as lies in my power; at the same time it is a matter of notoriety that during the operations against Morris Island, and for some months afterward, the most outrageous lies were penned respecting myself by persons residing within a military jurisdiction, and I am not aware that any effort was ever made to suppress them or punish the perpetrators by any of the army authorities. I shall he happy now to extend that measure of justice and courtesy which has been denied to myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 15, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Conf. Forces in S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have received information from the headquarters U. S. Army that 600 Confederate officers, prisoners of war, are to be sent here to be placed under the fire of your guns, the same as those of our officers now in the city of Charleston. I respectfully request to be informed as to the number of U. S. officers now confined in the city of Charleston, S. C.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

