
This force corresponds pretty nearly with the present available strength of the thirteen regiments of infantry, one regiment of heavy artillery, one battalion of cavalry, one regiment of volunteer engineers, and the four batteries which comprise the Tenth Army Corps. There seems no special objection to a division of the engineers and artillery force of the corps should circumstances render it necessary or advisable to do so. I therefore request, in case it be decided to leaves the force ont this coast in a purely defensive attitude, that I may be ordered out of this department with my own corps to some command where it can serve together as a unit, with authority to leave behind me temporarily such portions of the artillery and engineer force of the corps as I may deem proper. I desire very much to join some large army in the field where the operations will be purely military and not dependent for success upon the distinct branches of the public service. If I cannot take the Tenth Corps to some point where it can serve as a unit of an army conducting offensive operations I have no desire to take it out of this department. There are, however, sanitary reasons why the troops comprising this corps should leave the coast. I inclose a note from my medical director covering this point. I desire in this connection to express my opinion that all the troops now serving this department can be used here to advantage.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,March 19, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiry of this date in regard to the class of troops, with reference to their date of service in this department, which reference to their date of the service demand it, be transferred to a more northern climate, I would respectfully say, in my opinion of the sanitary condition of the soldiers, your should select the regiments which have passed two summers here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EBEN. SWIFT,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 21, 1864.

Commodore ROWAN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, off Charleston:

SIR: I have now in use in this department five armed steam transports, their service being chiefly picket duty; they are also used of transportation or convoys along those of our inland routes of communication where there is danger of meeting the enemy, also for scouting. These operations are not deemed important enough to call for the co-operation of your branch of the service. I have experienced, as you well know much be the case, the inconvenience of

