
on the defensive will be to be constantly on the offensive in the way of raids, rapid moves, &amp;c. In the rest of the department the quiet defensive will be observed.

General S., on Morris Island, will have his hands full to guard the 600 rebel officers. Please to give the State agents all the facilities practicable. They have money in hand, and all that they enlist can, as I understand it, be credited to their respective States, while the recruits themselves can remain in Florida.

You are right about the supplies. The basis should be at Fort Clinch and Saint Augustine. Very few supplies should be kept at Fernandina or Jacksonville, and at other points only sufficient for the wants of the troops temporarily at those points. No permanent post must be established. The occupation of the country must be made by movable columns, never stationary for more than a week or two at a time. The reverse policy will surely ensue in one post after another being surprised and captured by the enemy. The posts of Yellow Bluff and Picolata are, of course, regarded as necessary, and have to be garrisoned by small force, but the least possible amount of supplies should be kept even at those places. The Treasury has shut down on all trade at present. I will, however, have it reopened as soon as possible, and shall in all ways favor the getting the products out of Florida, so as to stimulate the industry of the people.

Yours, respectfully and truly,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Lake City, August 16, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN. P. HATCH,

Commanding Federal Forces, Jacksonville, East Fla.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by flag of truce of your communication of the 13th instant, with letters for persons within our lines; and also the arrival of Mrs. Sarah A. Houston, and to thank you for courtesy to her. She will at once be permitted to join her friends. The letters will be forwarded to their address. I send some letters for Confederate prisoners and others within your lines, and ask that they may be forwarded; also a small parcel containing some clothes for Sergeant Denham, captured in your lines, now reported to be at Hilton Head, to which I hope you will such direction that it may reach him; also a package for Surgeon Wilson, captured by your scouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of a letter received from Mr. Hy. Meyer, acting consul of Prussia at Charleston, S. C., requesting permission to allow several hundred aliens to

