
come within my lines from the State of Georgia, in order to avoid the draft recently ordered by the Governor of that State; also a copy of my letter in reply to the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

PRUSSIAN CONSULATE,

Charleston, S. C., August 11, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton Head, S. C.:

SIR: In consequence of a proclamation issued by the Governor of Georgia, notifying aliens either to perform military duty or to leave the State within ten days, a majority of them-probably several hundred, if not more-have determined to leave this country at once, and have arrived here, waiting for an opportunity to proceed on their voyage. The military authorities here are willing to permit their departure, provided you constant to receive them within your lines. They are mostly mechanics, and amongst them several families without the proper means to make a long stay here or to undertake a voyage to the North by the way of Richmond. As an act of humanity you will, I hope, allow them to enter your lines unconditionally, and thus forward their views as to their further destination.

Requesting the favor of an early answer, I remain, respectfully, general, your obedient servant, the acting consul of Prussian,

HY. MEYER.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Mr. HY. MEYER,

Acting Consul for Prussia, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your communication of the 11th instant, stating that a considerable number of aliens, who had arrived in Charleston from the State of Georgia, desired to leave the country, and requesting that they might be allowed to pass through our lines, has been received. As the limitation of times does not allow the reference of your letter to the War Department, whence all permission to cross the lines have, as a general rule, to be obtained, I take the responsibility of admitting all those who are included in the conscription for military service by the Governor of Georgia. For other persons a pass will have to be obtained from the honorable Secretary of War at Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. FOSTER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your instructions of August 6, instant, directing me to accompany Major

