HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Captain SUTER:

As soon as convenient I desire the fort at Beaufort to be staked out and profiled. The quartermaster is ordered to furnish 100 men, carpenters and laborers, to do the work of constructing the fort. Also, Captain Moore will furnish the laborers for the fort at Spanish Wells, which work should be constructed at once. He will also furnish 100 laborers and the carpenters for the construction of the fort at Mitchelville.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding North. Dist., Dept. of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct that the investigation into the cause of the failure to support Colonel Hoyt, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, in hi attack on Fort Johnson, if suspended, be resumed at once, and be continued without delay until completed.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., August 17, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Your instructions to send up a regiment immediately for the north will be carried out as soon as they can possibly be spared. I propose sending the One hundred and fourth [Pennsylvania] Regiment, which has but a short time to serve. I cannot get them off until the expedition gets in, say on Sunday next. I go to-morrow with four companies of that regiment to Palatka to await the arrival of the cavalry portion of the scout. To bring down the contrabands, &c., I take with me all the steamers we have here, and detain the Island City for the same purpose. If no steamer has been sent to take up the regiment, I would suggest that the Delaware or Canonicus come down for that purpose. The Houghton was formerly assigned to this district. Can the Island City be sent to me to remain permanently? She would be a very useful boat, as it is very easy to land cavalry from her. We must make up for want of cavalry with steamers, which can land them at different points on the river. The prospect for a Florida regiment appears good.

If you could get about 10,000 of the 100-days' men to garrison the islands you have enough old troops to completely take possession of

