
party. This is strengthened by the circumstances that, although search has been carefully made in the vicinity of the picket-line for the bodies of the women, they cannot be found.

Very respectfully,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 18, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am sending every man that can possibly be spared. This will leave me very weak, but I can take care of the department with what remains, and if the rebel attack us, which I consider out of the question, I will show them a revised edition of Little Washington. I have thought it my duty to send good and tried regiments. Those sent in this second brigade are all whites and old, well-tried troops, most of them veterans. I hope my active efforts to meet General Grant's wishes at this time may be effective in securing me, as soon as cold and healthy weather sets in, a sufficient force to take Charleston and Savannah. I am sure that this can be done at any time that the Government orders it.

The regiments sent now-four in number-report as follows, very nearly, viz:

Command	 Men	 Effectives

41st New York Volunteers	 400	 300

103rd New York Volunteers	 500	 370

74th Pennsylvania	 500	 350

Volunteers

White regiment from	 .....	 (?)

Florida

Total	 .......	 1,300

About the exchanges I have sent on full documents. The rebels are anxious to exchange. They say that their desire is that two old regular officers like Jones and myself may have charge of the matter, so that it may be fairly done without any political jars and interruptions. They desire to have all exchanged, both officers (1,800), and men (37,000). Although the men are not now in General Jones' command, he can have them sent forward at any time. Jones seems well disposed, so our released prisoners say. He sent an apology to General Wessells for placing the 600 officers under fire in Charleston. He stated that he did not place them there to be under fire, but that they were merely en route. The truth is they are so short of men as guards that they have no place to put their prisoners in except Charleston and Savannah. If an exchange is authorized I shall specify that those in Charleston be first exchanged, and that no others be placed there. As far as injury to them goes there can be none, for I know their exact position and direct the shells accordingly. As soon as the rebel officers arrive I shall place them immediately on Morris Island between Wagner and Gregg.

I wish to say one word about the administration of this department. I find many glaring abuses which have been in existence for a long time. They are in all the departments, and the United States has been systematically swindled. I am trying to remedy

