
FLAG-STEAMER HARVEST MOON,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., August 18, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Headquarters Hilton Head:

GENERAL: Conformably to the understanding between us, I have caused some 11-inch guns to be landed on Morris Island, and I am told that the platforms and appliances are nearly in readiness to receive the guns, so that it may be possible to open fire next week. Please to inform me whether you still desire that I should send men and officers to work the guns. If so, I will cause a detail to be made for that purpose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 18, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Present:

ADMIRAL: I have received your letter of the 18th in relation to the 11-inch guns for Morris Island. I certainly desire, in accordance with our understanding, that you shall furnish, men, officers, and ammunition for this battery, and I shall be pleased to know that you can do so. I have given orders to General Schimmelfennig to this effect, and also that the ammunition, &amp;c., shall be transported to the battery from the landing, whether at Light-House Inlet or on the beach. I respectfully suggest that the senior officer ordered to the battery have orders to consult with General Schimmelfennig as to the point to be fired at, general rate of firing, precautions against surprise, &c. In all matters pertaining to the immediate command of his men and guns he will, of course, be upon his own responsibility. Being a joint labor it will be better to be in perfect accord, so that the army and naval batteries side may only compete in excellence of firing and discipline.

Very respectfully, and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 18, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, containing orders in regard to the transfer of two regiments from here north and one regiment to Hilton Head, and in regard to the laying out of a prisoner's camp north of Fort Strong. In accordance with your order I have spoken fully on the subject with Lieutenant Robinson, of your staff, and hope that my arrangements will meet your wishes and the necessities of the case. I have ordered to Hilton Head, in order to go north, the Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers and the One hundred and third New York Volunteers, both brave regiments and experienced soldiers, the greater part of whose men, however, the department would

