
having no officers possessing sufficient experience to properly outfit and command such vessels. My steam-boat masters are citizens and know nothing of artillery. My artillery officers are not sailors and are not acquainted with naval gunnery.

It would be of advantage to this army if I could avail myself of the service of one of the young officers of your squadron for the duty above indicated. I take the liberty of suggesting Acting Ensign William C. Hanford, now executive officer of the U. S brig Perry, on the Fernandina Station, as a most suitable officer for this duty, from his large experience in similar service to that above designated in our Western rivers under Admiral Porter. If you will order him to report to me for temporary duty I will esteem it a favor.

I congratulate you heartily, commodore, on your being confirmed in your present rank, and assure you that the event affords pleasure to my whole command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., March 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am informed authentically that the rebels are taking up the railroad from here to Baldwin, and for the purpose of constructing one between the Georgia and Florida Railroad. Also, that about 5,000 of their best infantry have gone back to Charleston and that about 10,000 remain here, of which a very large proportion is cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., March 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff and of Artillery:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of my returned communication of March 15, on the subject of the artillery defenses of Jacksonville and Palatka.

The major-general commanding has indorsed on the letter that "there are twenty-six pieces of artillery for position on the west bank of the Saint John's. This is more than is necessary, or than I ever intended." The major-general commanding adds that "it is not his intention to have any guns moved Saint Augustine at the present time." The twenty-six guns referred to by me are doubtless more than are necessary, unless an attack should be made. As such an attack was anticipated,it is not believed that undue preparation has been made, and I desire to call attention to the facts here indicated:

First. That at Palatka the permanent artillery consists of two 18-pounders and one 32-pounder carronade; total, 3.

