
number when I inform you the Seventy-fifth Ohio will be mustered out of service next month; I think on the 5th of the month. This will leave us without any cavalry in Florida. The two companies of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry being now killed or prisoners, a white regiment should be mounted as soon as possible land sent here. Without cavalry we will be unable to hold even the country between the Saint John's and the sea.

The number of refugees is constantly increasing. The late proclamation of the Governor calling all to arms is bringing them in rapidly. Boys fourteen years of age are called out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District:

GENERAL: I am much gratified to find that you were able to spare two of the regiments from your command. The admiral has informed me that he will provide officers and men from the navy to take charge of the naval battery now being mounted on Morris Island. This battery, of course, will be subject to your general orders and directions. I have informed the admiral that all transportation of guns, implements, ordnance, and commissary stores for the battery will be furnished by the army. I desire you to give them all proper facilities for this purpose. Arrangements for completing the inclosure for the prisoners are all made, and the lumber will be shipped at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 20, 1864.

Captain J. F. GREEN, U. S. Navy:

SIR: I have the honor to herewith return the sextant you so kindly loaned me, with my best thanks. Allow me at the same time to convey to you the expression of my thanks and appreciation for the various facilities that you have always so readily furnished me. The submarine fuse obtained from you I have found to work admirably. The clock-work torpedoes have in all my experiments proved a failure. I attribute the main cause of this to the fact that the spring which brings down the hammer on the nipple does not exercise force enough to explode the cap. This was proved to be the case in a large number of experiments. Otherwise I think those torpedoes may be made to work, and that some of the mechanics here may so change the machinery as to effect this purpose. If possible, I should like to obtain from you 25 yards more of the submarine fuse and three torpedoes.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

