
terially, and I hardly think it probable that the enemy will ever think the place of sufficient importance to besiege it regularly. You speak of making Fort Clinch a port of entry. As all the business would be done at Jacksonville, it appears to me that this should be the place. I am inclined to believe that the agents of the Treasury, here and elsewhere in this department, are more desirous of making money for themselves than they are to assist the loyal people of the State. Without sharing in the profits of those who work, they will not assist them. I will address you a letter on the recruiting the raw regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

All the cavalry that can possibly be spared from the other districts, in fact almost all in the department, is now in Florida. I have even dismounted officers and clerks to send 30 extra horses. No further losses of animals can be replaced.

My opinion of the establishment of posts has been given in letters. I defer to any difference of opinion in the commander of the district, but he must regard himself as responsible for any unfortunate losses arising from variation from my order.

As to port of entry, this, when once established, has to be maintained by the Government for the benefit of all nations. Jacksonville is not a good defensible point, and the Government will not undertake to hold it as a port of entry. Fort Clinch is a fortified point intended to be held always by the United States. It is the only really proper point for a port of entry in Florida. It has an interior water communication to Jacksonville, which will allow the exit of produce. I am willing to recommend Fort Clinch, but no other port in Florida, as port of entry.

J. G. F.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Numbers 122. Hilton Head, S. C., August 22, 1864.

The number of idle persons, of both sexes, found loitering around the camps and posts of the Districts of Beaufort and Hilton Head is subversive of good order and military discipline, and is a fruitful source of vice and disease.

The provost-marshal of these districts are therefore directed to arrest all such persons, wither white or black, within the military lines of their respective districts, and to place them on police, sanitary, or such other duty as the commanding officer of the district may direct. The provost-marshals will also report all colored persons arrested under this order to the superintendent of contrabands, and will hold them subject to his orders.

The provost-marshal-general of the department will see this order promptly and rigidly enforced.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

