HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 23, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 11th instant directing me, by order of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, to send forward all the troops I could possibly spare. In reply I have to state that I have already sent to Washington, in compliance with these instructions, the Forty-first and One hundred and third Regiments New York Volunteers and the Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers will be sent forward as soon as it arrives from the Florida District; it is hourly expected. These are old and well tried regiments and will do good service.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 23, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to state he has ordered Captain Suter, chief engineer, Department of the South, to proceed to Morris Island for the purpose of consulting with you in regard to the location of the camp for the prisoners of war daily expected in this department from the North. The major-general commanding desires that this camp be placed between Fort Strong and Battery Putnam. If this position is considered too dangerous you are authorized to locate the camp wherever yourself and Captain Suter shall deem the best and safest from any attack of the enemy. Should it be necessary to have more troops to guard these prisoners (600), another regiment can be sent from this place. Still, it is desired that they may be guarded by the force at present in the Northern District, if it is possible, as we want all the troops at this place that we now have here.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 24, 1864.

Colonel A. S. HARTWELL,

Commanding, Folly Island:

The general commanding directs that you select 2 commissioned officers and 50 men for a special duty. They will proceed as son as practicable to Long Island and encamp near the fort, where they will receive further orders. They will probably be absent from

