
sanction of the officer having charge of the prisoners. I have referred the matter to him, and feel quite sure that he will not hesitate to allow the stores to be sent to them. I cannot permit any prisoner to take charge of the stores and act as quartermaster to distribute them, but if the officer having charge of the prisoners will permit them to be delivered I will designate an officer of receive and receipt to the proper officer of your command for them, and hold him to as strict an accountability for their proper delivery as though they were stores belonging to my Government.

I will communicate with you further on this subject when I receive a reply from the officer to whom I have referred your request.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

By an oversight on the part of some one in my office this letter was not forwarded as it should have been by the flag of truce the day after its date. It is now respectfully forwarded.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., August 25, 1864.

Colonel W. H. NOBLE,

Commanding at Magnolia:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs the following disposition to be made of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers:

The regiment will form the garrison at Saint Augustine and Picolata. Six companies, including the smallest companies, to take post at Saint Augustine, under the command of the lieutenant-colonel of the regiment; four companies to be stationed at Picolata, under the command of the major of the regiment. You will remain for the present in command of the forces at Magnolia.

By order of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

EDWARD L. ROGERS,

Major 104th Pennsylvania Vols., A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 26, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose some late rebel papers. The late little disaster in Florida seems to prove that it is doomed ever to be the land of military misfortune. The troops there will now remain strictly on the defensive. My force now is very small for the number of points to be guarded. I have literally obeyed the order to send every man that I possibly could. I have no doubt but I can get along with what I have as long as the enemy's force in front is also week. The regiment sent on the Fulton is the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 900 men, just from Florida. Their time is nearly

