
have this steamer, with the persons on board, moved as near to Fort Wagner as possible, so that she will be completely in range of the guns of that fort and your gun-boats.

The camp which I am preparing for these prisoners is not finished as yet, but will be in the course of a few days, when they will be removed. In the mean time I wish every possible precaution taken to prevent the escape of any of these prisoners.

I have the honor to be, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

August 30, 1864.

General FOSTER,

Department of the South:

GENERAL: As your reply be signal this morning led me to suppose that the convoy for prisoners would not be wanted for two or three days, I sent the steamer to her station that had been detained for the purpose, which leaves me without a suitable vessel. All here are more or less under repairs, and no one will be ready for a couple of days. Perhaps I may be able to get a vessel sooner from Charleston, of which I will inform you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, August 30, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th instant. I will for the present retain a command at Magnolia. I have built a very strong work there. If it should be necessary at any time to abandon it, the troops could be put across the river under cover of the guns of the Hale. I am gradually strengthening the works at this place, and hope soon to have it in such a condition that no force of the enemy can take it.

I have been informed that it is the intention of the enemy to take up part of the railroad west of the Little Saint Mary's, and with that iron to complete the branch to connect with the Savannah and Gulf road. This may not be true; if it is, it proves conclusively that no attack will be made on this place for a long time.

With reference to making fort Clinch a port of entry, it id not strike me favorably at first, but if it will enable the loyal citizens on the Saint John's River to get out the products of their labor, it would be a most excellent thing. The Wyoming is better adapted to the service here than the Island City, and I am glad that she was sent here to replace her. I intend mounting a 3-inch gun on her. A Lieutenant Gough has frightened a number of Floridians across the line, where we may soon expect to find them in arms against us. He is stationed at Saint Augustine, and issued a notice to all citizens to

