
you for the able, energetic, and efficient manner in which you have conducted the command of the Northern District of this department. I consider you a most excellent officer, of good judgment, and one of be intrusted at all times with the care and management of large bodies of troops and with the details of a campaign. Your opinions and suggestions I have always found to be well-timed and to the point.

Hoping, general, to see you return to your duties again in a short time, with your health fully recovered, I remain, general, very respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 319. Hilton Head, S. C., September 1, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General R. Saxton, U. S. Volunteers, will on receipt of this order proceed immediately to Morris Island, S. C., and relieve Brigadier General A. Schimmelfennig, commanding Northern District, Department of the South, making his headquarters at Morris Island, and will in addition retain command of the District of Beaufort. Before leaving the District of Beaufort he will turn over the command to the senior officer at that post, leaving with him all needful instructions as to the command of same.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 2, 1864.

Captain J. F. GREEN, U. S. NAVY,

Commanding Squadron off Charleston:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 31st ultimo, relative to the firing upon a flag-of-truce boat by my batteries. In reply allow me to respectfully inform you that my orders from Major-General Foster are to receive no flags of truce in this district, and that in compliance with these orders I have instructed my pickets and batteries, on the approach of a flag of truce, to warn it s bearers back by firing twice over their heads and the third time to fire sharp. I must therefore beg that in case the naval forces wish to communicate by flag of truce they will notify me of the same beforehand; otherwise the occurrences of August 30 will certainly be repeated.

I herewith have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

