HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 2, 1864.

Captain J. F. GREEN, U. S. Navy:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of this date, inclosing a communication from Admiral Dahlgren with regard to the rebel prisoners on board a transport off this island. I expect to have the camp for these prisoners finished and to be ready to receive them on shore within two or three days.

I am, captain, with the highest respect,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, September 2, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have little to report. I am bringing to this point the cavalry from Magnolia to refit. The garrison for the present at that point will consist of the Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops and 30 of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry. On the 5th instant the time of service of the Seventy-fifth Ohio will commence to expire, and continue until November, when the whole will be out of service.

This morning a small body of the enemy's cavalry came within sight of the pickets on the King's road and proceeded in the direction of Middleburg. Yellow Bluff has been re-enforced by two companies of the Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops. Major Vignos, with two companies of the One hundred and seventh Ohio, has arrived here, being replaced at Fort Clinch by a good company of the Third U. S. Colored Troops, well drilled at artillery practice. The present commander at Fort Clinch has the reputation of being a good officer, and I hope the change will prove beneficial.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 4, 1864.

The Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry must be mustered out as their times of service expire. Notice must be given General Hatch that I desire the garrison of Fort Clinch to be of such a character as to make sure of its perfect safety under all circumstances.

J. G. FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief of Engineers, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your indorsement of the 19th of August, 1864, upon my letter of the 19th ultimo, desiring me to give the particular defects to which I objecte

