
The major-general commanding directs that a through investigation be made in the matter, and that all these papers be returned to these headquarters with report in the matter.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, A. A. A. G.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., September 1, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith papers just received from the senior officer in Charleston Roads, by which it appears that while a flag-of-truce boat from the squadron was communicating with a boat bearing a flag of truce from Sullivan's Island the latter was fired at by our batteries on Morris Island. I trust you will at your earliest convenience enable me to say that this was a mistake. Please be so good as to return the papers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

U. S. STEAMER JOHN ADAMS,

Off Morris Island, S. C., August 31, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

SIR: I inclose herewith copies of communications from Captain De Camp and Acting Ensign McClure in relation to the batteries on Morris Island firing upon a rebel flag-of-truce boat while in transit to meet our flag-of-truce boat in charge of Acting Ensign McClure, anchored off Beach Inlet. I would state that it is unusual for the rebel flag of truce to come from Moultrie Point to meet ours off Beach Inlet; they generally come from the Inlet.

I have sent a copy of Acting Ensign McClure's statement to General Schimmelfennig, with a letter from myself stating simply that it had been forwarded for his information, and making no comment whatever on the proceeding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GREEN,

Captain and Senior Officer, off Charleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

U. S. FRIGATE WABASH,

Off Charleston, S. C., August 31, 1864.

Captain J. F. GREEN, U. S. NAVY,

Senior Officer, Present:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose you a communication from Acting Ensign McClure, of this ship, who went yesterday in charge of a flag-of-truce boat, agreeably to your order, for the purpose of delivering a package of letters to the rebel authorities near

