
Beach Inlet. You will perceive by Mr. McClure's report that the rebel boat bearing a flag of truce, sent from Sullivan's Island for the purpose of communicating with us, was fired upon by our batteries on Morris Island, a fragment of a shell falling into the rebel boat, and other shells bursting over and about her. Comment from me is unnecessary. I respectfully place the matter in your hands.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DE CAMP,

Captain, Commanding Outer Blockade, off Charleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

U. S. FRIGATE WABASH,

Off Charleston, August 30, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your order I proceeded with a flag of truce in toward Beach Inlet. When within about 2 1/2 miles of the beach I cast off from the Winona and pulled in toward the fort at Beach Inlet. When within about 1 1/2 miles a shot was fired across our bow from the fort, when I immediately anchored. After waiting about an hour I noticed a boat sailing around from Fort Moultrie, and son after steering toward us. It was, however, too far distant for me to distant for me to distinguish whether it showed a flag of truce or not. I had not gone far before our forces on Morris Island commenced firing at it, and I noticed 2 or 3 shells explode directly over the boat. I soon after distinguished a small flag of truce, when I got under way and stood toward it under sail. On communicating I found the boat in charge of Lieutenant R. Jones, of General Higgins' staff. I delivered the packages to him. He complained very bitterly of our forces on Morris Island firing at him while on his way out. I told him I was very sorry anything of the kind had occurred, and hoped that everything would soon be satisfactorily explained. Our communication here ended, and I returned aboard ship.

Very respectfully,

G. M. McCLURE,

Acting Ensign.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to Captain J. F. Green, senior officer off Morris Island, S. C.

J. DE CAMP,

Captain, Commanding Outer Blockade.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 4, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM GURNEY,

Commanding Post, Morris Island:

The general commanding directs that you have two Requa batteries placed near the camp for rebel prisoners in such a manner that they may be used at once upon the prisoners in case they should be needed. Captain Grace, acting ordnance officer, will furnish them.

Very respectfully,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th New York Volunteers, A. A. A. G.

