
and am fully convinced that the number of men actually rendered unserviceable has been greatly exaggerated. The wounds were generally very slight and many men left the field who should have remained. Only two capital operations were required, and it is probable that not four more cases were proper subject for operation. About 100 men were returned to duty within ten days from the general hospital at this post, and one-third of the number of wounded should be able to join their regiments within thirty days, and the majority of the remainder within sixty days.

The arrangements in regard to the wounded were good; over 200 were at once transferred to the Cosmopolitan, and the remainder were comfortably cared for in buildings in Jacksonville and sent as rapidly as possible to Hilton Head and Beaufort and to their regiments as they recovered.

This communication is made to you unofficially, as I thought you would be interested in these facts.

I sam, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. GROSS,

Surg., U. S. Vols., and Medical Director Dist. of Fla.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 122. Hilton Head, S. C., March 24, 1864.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General J. P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to temporary duty in command of the District of Florida, and will relieve Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier-General Seymour will turn over the command to Brigadier-General Hatch, with all the records, maps, and correspondence relating thereto, and will report in person at these headquarters.

* * * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., March 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff and of Artillery, Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: I have to report as follows:

First. That on the afternoon of the 21st, some cavalry attacked the outposts at Palatka and drove them in. Colonel Barton sent out infantry, before which the cavalry disappeared. A few guns were fired by the Ottawa on this occasion. Nobody hurt.

Second. A portion of a large and dilapidated building at palatka that I ordered removed has been brought to this place to construct a bakery.

Third. Colonel Barton reports that old settlers here are of opinion that the greater part the cattle in Florida are east of the Saint John's River.

Fourth. The small steamers Hattie Brock and Sumter, captured by the navy, are now here. The Sumter would be exceedingly useful

