HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 2nd instant, giving report of operations, &amp;c., in your district. I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that he desires the garrison of Fort Clinch to be of such a character as to make sure of its perfect safety under all circumstances. The Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers must be mustered out of service in accordance with instructions from the War Department sent to the commissary of musters of this department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 5, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I inclose you rebel papers of the 3rd. I could get no others by flag of truce. I am informed by released surgeons, &c., that the papers of the 2nd contained news of sever fighting at Atlanta. A rebel reporter told Mr. Sawyer, of the Herald, that the reports were finally unfavorable to their cause (rebel).

I have secret information that some of the officers in Charleston are to attempt to escape on Wednesday or Thursday night. I shall go up to-morrow and be ready to aid them if opportunity occurs. At any rate, I propose to attack and capture or drive off their picket-boats.

I propose also to send a strong boat party to enter Dewees Inlet, and landing on the mainland in the rear of Mount Pleasant to search for any escaped prisoners that may have made their way across the Cooper River to Hobcaw Point.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

September 5, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: In reply to your note of to-day, it is possible that boats might issue from Morris Island after dark and spread themselves in the lower harbor, unless the moon be too bright, so that if any of our friends got that far they might be helped. Whether any actual result could be obtained is rather problematical.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral.

