
efficient garrison. I would respectfully state that Company A, Third Rhode Island Artillery, has been on all the raids in Florida since the battle of Olustee, and its efficiency is impaired by a loss of horses and material and the addition of 60 new men. The battery has had but little opportunity for drill since it was mounted, and I am of the opinion that it needs an opportunity for drill not to be obtained at Jacksonville. I would therefore request, if it is deemed consistent with the good of the service, that Company A, Third Rhode Island Artillery, from Beaufort, and that Company A, on being relieved, be ordered to Beaufort.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. BRAYTON,

Colonel, Third Rhode Island Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 5, 1864.

Recommendations of Colonel Brayton are approved.

General Hatch to be written to about the company for Fort Marion. The order for the relief of the battery (light) will be given at once.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON,

Commanding North. Dist., Dept. of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: Several of the medical officers lately released by the Confederate authorities state that our fire on the city of Charleston should be altered so that the shells will drop from 400 to 500 yards further to the east. They also state that the shells explode too short, and suggest the propriety of lengthening the fuse.

The major-general commanding directs that this information be given to your battery commanders, with instructions that they govern their fire accordingly until further orders. By complying with these directions, the quarters of our prisoners of war now confined in Charleston will not be exposed, and the shells will drop in the most populous portion of the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 6, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that no military operations of importance have taken place since the date of my last report. The enemy have sent over the lines without exchange a large num-

