
Mr. J. D. Higgins, of the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Infantry, is not an assistant surgeon, but a lieutenant. He states that this being regarded as a medical officer is not the result of any active deception on his part, but arose from an accidental error committed by one of your officers in making out the prisoners' roll, of which error the lieutenant, in his desire to escape, silently took advantage. I have also detained him at this place. I will, according to our previous agreement, in case you so elect, return him, upon the understanding that he shall not be submitted to punishment for his apparent deception, which seems, as I have explained, to have been unpremeditated. I prefer, however, to give you his equivalent in privates under the cartel.

Awaiting your decision upon these two cases, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 6, 1864.

Captain C. R. SUTER,

Chief Engineer, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: You will conduct a reconnaissance into Dewees Inlet and to the mainland at or near Fuller's Station. Reaching this point you will throw out scouts, as far as safety will admit, toward Hobcaw Point, on the Cooper River, and endeavor to aid any Union officers that may have tried to escape in that direction. Continuing the reconnaissance at this place as long as is safe, you will then reconnoiter in succession all the inland bays as far as Bull's Bay, keeping a sharp lookout on the mainland for refugees and escaped prisoners. The reconnaissance should continue until Saturday morning. One company, at least, of good marksmen will be taken a naval launch with howitzer. Show these orders to General Saxton and to the senior naval officer on the station.

Very respectfully,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, September 8, 1864.

General J. G. FOSTER:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday the rebel prisoners were all safely landed and placed in the stockade in front of Fort Strong. I found on my arrival here that General Schimmelfennig had already detailed the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment, Colonel Hallowell, to guard the prisoners, and as I was expected as far as possible to carry out his plans I have not changed the detail. I believe that no better officer than Colonel Hallowell can be found in whose hands to place their safe-keeping, and thus far the duty as been well performed. Last night was so dark and

