
ful as a ferry-boat, &amp;c., and the Brock as a river conveyance instead of the Hunter. I have applied to Captain Balch for them, and trust they may be turned over for our use.

Fifth. As there is now no small armed vessels in the Saint John's (the Columbine, navy tug, having been ordered away), the Harriet A. Weed seems essential to our use, and I trust she may be allowed to remain here.

Sixth. The works at this point, Palatka, and Yellow Bluff may now be considered effective. No attack is apprehended.

Seventh. No attempt to interfere with our river communication above or below has been made, and the precautions taken are sufficient, I believe, to save us from that announce.

Eighth. The enemy is under the impression that these forces will be so withdrawn; that our occupation is only temporary. This opinion is referred to or confirmed by the letter from General Anderson, in his last communication, copies of which have been forwarded. And deserters state that if we remain hare their forces (now 10,000 to 12,000 infantry and 1,800 or more cavalry) will suffer exceedingly during the summer. They say, also, that corn and beef are very scare, and that their horses are breaking down rapidly.

General Beauregard was at Baldwin a few days since, and I believe remains here constantly. Upon the occupation of Palatka some force was moved to Baldwin with a view to operating there.

Generally, matters go well here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., March 24, 1864.

Major A. H. STEVENS,

Commanding Light Brigade:

MAJOR: It is reported to the brigadier-general commanding that, during the skirmish of the 1st instant, a sergeant and certain men of the Massachusetts cavalry, construing their orders too literally, resisted the advance of largely superior numbers, and were finally captured not before every shot had been expended with such courage and skill as to have commanded the admiration of the enemy.

It will please the brigadier-general commanding to mention such circumstances in general orders, and you are requested to give whatever information you may have, and the names of the party in question.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

HILTON HEAD, S. C., March 25, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Special Orders, Numbers 121, War Department,directing veteran regiments and companies from this department on furlough,

* See General Orders, Numbers 16, Part I, p. 265.

