HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 11, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: I would respectfully call your attention to the following-named medical officers and non-combatants who are confined within your department, and request that they be released in accordance with the cartel and by the precedents established between ourselves:

Dr. Nickerson, assistant surgeon, Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers; captured at Plymouth, N. C., April 20, 1864.

Dr. Denny, Second Massachusetts Artillery, assistant surgeon.

John I. Wilkins, assistant surgeon, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry.

John A. Mendenhall, hospital steward, Second Indiana Cavalry.

Joseph Albert Doane, sutler, Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Edward C. Johnston, assistant sutler, Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 11, 1864.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON,

Commanding North. Dist., Dept. South, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant, making suggestions for offensive operations against Charleston, &amp;c. The major-general commanding directs me to state that your suggestions are approved by him, but as instructions have just been received here from the War Department directing him to remain strictly on the defensive, the fire on Charleston and Sumter cannot be increased at this time. The batteries, however, may be enlarged and more guns mounted, ready for future work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, September 11, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Mil. Division of West Mississippi:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of August 24, Numbers 892, the following additional information received from refugees and deserters relative to the movements of the enemy:

There are about 12,000 troops at Mobile, and about 10,000 contrabands working on the fortifications. General Frank Gardner is in command of the troops and General Higgins in charge of the fortifications. Colonel Maury, Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, is concentrating a force between the Perdido and Mobile Bay. The camps

