
are at Greenwood's and H. Sibley's, and number 2,000 to 3,000 infantry, 700 cavalry, and four pieces of artillery. They are expecting re-enforcements from Blue Mountain, Ala. The railroad from Mobile to Pollard is well guarded by an additional force of 5, 0900 with headquarters at Pollard, and a small force at Pine Barren Bridge with an advance post at Gonzales. Between the Yellow and Red Rivers there is one company of cavalry, Dr. Brady commanding, and one company of infantry, collecting deserters and driving negroes northward. At Montgomery there was, on 1st instant, but one company of infantry. The city is intrenched all around from river to river and several hundred negroes were working on the fortifications. There are sixteen heavy guns on the arsenal and twelve field pieces, 6 and 12 pounders, in an open block on Washington street. The height and thickness of rampart is 5 to 6 feet, the depth of the ditch 4 feet, and 6 feet wide. The magazines are near the Alabama River, made of brick, guarded, and believed to be full of ammunition, but not bomb-proof. There is a large amount of quartermaster and commissary stores collected and deposited in store-houses in the middle of the city. Major Galhoun is in command of the works and Major Wagner in command of the arsenal. The Alabama River is navigable at present for small boats only of 5 or 6 feet draught, while in the winter it will admit boats of 12 to 15 feet draught. There are no armed boats of any kind near the city. The Montgomery, Opelika and West Point Railroad was repaired but again partially destroyed by Sherman's force.

When my information left on the 1st instant, Hood's army numbered not more than 30,000, the larger portion of which had already retreated to Macon, leaving only two brigades as rear guard at Atlanta, which place was shortly after his departure entered by Sherman's army. It is the general impression among the people that the South will shortly succumb and the militia forced lately to take arms will not fight. The veteran troops are also much demoralized.

On the northern portion of my district there are in and around Marianna the following troops, in charge of Colonel Montgomery, commanding district: 300 infantry (militia) and 100 cavalry, Captain Poe in the city; one small company of cavalry at Chipola Spring, Captain Chissen; one company below Hickory Hill, Captain Gida; one at Vernon, Captain Jones, and one at Sweetwater, on the Saint Andrew's road, Captain William H. Milton. Their strength averages 80 men.

At Marianna there are several hundred prisoners confined. They have commenced to fortify Marianna and expect artillery. The negroes of the neighborhood are placed at work on the fortifications.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 12, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from George R. Bailey, acting ensign and executive

