
in the Savannah River, and they will be received at the point in the outer harbor agreed upon by Major Lay, of my staff, and Lieutenant-Colonel Woodford, of yours, for the meeting of flag-of-truce boats, on any day you may designate. If this arrangement suits you, may boat will take position at the designated hour, when the stores will be received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., September 13, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: On the 11th instant a flag of truce came to our advanced pickets under a Major H. Goldthwaite, assistant inspector-general. It covered a number of women and children whose husbands and fathers were within our lines. All who desired to remain permanently within our lines and who were willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Government were allowed to enter. Two women who desired to return were informed that under such circumstances persons were not allowed to enter the lines. They returned. Refugees coming in inform me that the rebels are engaged in rebuilding the railroad, having quite a strong force engaged on the work. Negroes are being sent out of the State in large numbers.

I neglected to say that Surg. John Ingram, of the Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, taken prisoner at Gainesville, returned by the flag. He states that he was well treated by the rebel authorities.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 15, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a true copy of the statement of Charles Harris, a deserter from the C. S. Navy at Charleston, and who belonged to the gun-boat Chicora, T. T. Hunter commanding, now stationed in Cooper River. I respectfully request that the matter may be brought to the notice of the Navy Department at Washington.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Examination of Charles Harris.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 7, 1864.

I belonged to the gun-boat Chicora. There are about 60 men and officers on board; T. T. Hunter is commander. There are four guns, two 9-inch Dahlgren and two 7-inch Brooke rifles. The men are armed

