
are determined to do something desperate if these boats get out. I do not know anything of Fort Sumter. I heard that some 600 or 700 prisoners were confined in Charleston. I jumped off the boat last night and swam to Morris Island. They heard me and sent a boat after me, but I eluded them.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 15, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 3rd instant, particularizing the most important defects to which you object in the plan, &amp;c., of Fort Clinch, has been received and I am greatly obliged therefor. If your time will permit you to furnish an outline sketch or written description of the corrections for these defects, it will be very acceptable to the department. Captain Sears (in charge of the fort) will furnish any plan of the grounds that you may require. The plans in this office indicate no favorable ground for establishing batteries that will command the terre-plein of the work or its scarp. A new survey will be ordered.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 15, 1864.

Rear-Admiral DAHLGREN, U. S. Navy,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor very respectfully to request that, if consistent with the interest of the service, a navy launch, manned and armed with a rifled 12-pounder howitzer, may be placed on picket service in the creeks opposite Long Island and in Stono and Folly Rivers. Such a boat will be of very great service there.

I am, admiral, with great respect, your obedient servant,

RUFUS SAXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Numbers 56. Morris Island, S. C., September 15, 1864.

General instructions for the guidance of this command in case of an alarm:

In case of an alarm at this post, a rocket will be sent up from Fort Shaw and one gun fired from the same place. At this general the long-roll will be sounded, and the entire command will be formed under arms at once.

Two rockets and two guns from Fort Shaw will be the signal for the command to assemble at the place of rendezvous, which is on the beach, in rear of Fort Shaw, fronting the water.

The regiments will move to the place of rendezvous at double quick step, and will form in line of battle in the following order:

19 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

