
or to be on furlough, to proceed to Washington, leaves no doubt in my mind that it is not the present intention of the Government to resume offensive operations on this coast.

I therefore, in the firm belief that I am acting as the interest of the service imperatively demand, recommend that the Tenth Army Corps be ordered into the field where it can serve together as a unit, and that two or three (or even more) regiments of newly raised colored troops be sent here for garrison duty. It might be well to leave here, at lest temporarily, the Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery and the battalion of Massachusetts cavalry. I should prefer to have discretionary power, to act as is deemed best on these points. By adopting these views an effective force of 10,000 men, first-rate men, too, could take the field. I, of course, desire to go in command.

It has been reported to me that the veterans of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, who are North as individuals and not a veteran regiment, have been stopped with a view of their being ordered elsewhere. If such be the case the effect on the regiment will be very bad indeed. Special Orders, Numbers 121, does not apply to this case, and should not. The point is to take the Tenth Corps intact our of this department. Most of it can go even if no colored troops are sent here. But these new troops will do very well to garrison points on this coast, while the old troops would doubtless be much superior to new ones for active campaign duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 26, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Department of the South:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 19th is received. General Grant direct that all of the available force in your department not required to hold your present position be assembled and prepared for orders to another field. The portions of your command now on furlough at the North have been ordered to rendezvous here to join their commands, wherever they may be sent. All available land transportation will be sent with the troops into the field. Your own destination has not you been decided upon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Numbers 44. Hilton Head, S. C., March 26, 1864.

I. In accordance with orders from the war Department that First and Second Regiments South Carolina and the First Regiment North Carolina Volunteers (colored) will hereafter be known and designated, respectfully, as the Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-fifth Regiments U. S. Colored Troops.

* * * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

