
and fired on by the enemy, who occupied the place in considerable force There are large salt-works here. The channel, having about 3 fathoms of water, turns off into Copahee Sound at this point. Near the end of the sound a heavy work could be seen on the shore of the mainland. The line of works across Christ Church Parish probably rests on this work. It being impossible to get into the channel I had indicated the boat returned the same way it had come. The two bats the crossed the bar and joined their respective steamers. A few cavalry came down on the point of Long, Island as they were going out. The steamers then went to Capers' Inlet and anchored off the bar.

In the meanwhile I proceeded with the other boats into the open water behind Dewees Island. We found there an average depth of one fathom; no channel was found. We attempted to penetrate the belt of islands which traverse this sheet of water, but without success, as the water was too shallow. We got far enough, however, to see that mud flats extended to the shore with only a few inches of water on them. The shore was strongly picketed. I then continued across the sound and turned down into Capers' Inlet. We landed near the upper end and attempted to explore, but the underbrush was too thick. The houses were deserted, but had been occupied within a month by rebel soldiers. No inhabitants could be found. We remained here several hours, and then re-embarking, pulled down to the mouth of the inlet. A stiff breeze was blowing and the sea broke heavily over the whole bar. As it would have been unsafe to go out, we encamped for the night on the point of Capers' Island. I had it explored for about three-fourths of a miles, but could find no recent signs of the enemy. Some old picket stations were discovered.

The next morning, the wind having gone down, I communicated with the steamers and directed them to proceed to Price's Inlet. They were to land troops and examine the inlet and buoy out the channel. This was done. Meanwhile I started for Price's Inlet. I took the channel nearest Capers' Island, thinking it the deepest. In this supposition I was correct. It can be divided into three parts indicated on the map, the average depth f which are, respectively, 3 fathoms, 1 1/2 and 2 fathoms. The open water lying between this channel and the mainland is very shallow. It was all bare when I saw it. We landed once during this trip on Capers' Island, where we found a good landing-pier. We finally reached Prices' Inlet, where the other boats were waiting for us. I sent out word to the steamers to enter the inlet and buoy out the channel. This was done. I then embarked the troops and started to return. We left the boats at their respective ships and landed the troops on Morris Island. I then pushed on for the Head, where I arrived about 11 p. m.

Dewees Inlet bar has 9 feet of water at dead low tide. The channel is peculiar, resembling that at Saint Augustine. After crossing the bar the water deepens at once to 2 or 3 fathoms. The most water is found close to the breakers. After once entering the inlet the lead give about 5 fathoms. The stream leading up toward Fuller's had abut 3 fathoms up to the point where it turns into Copahee Sound. The two channels leading behind Dewees Island are about 4 fathoms deep. Across the flats we had about 1 fathom.

Capers' Inlet has about 3 fathoms, but the bar is impassable to any vessel. From Capers' to Point's Inlet there is a good channel. The

