
middle part is rather narrow and crooked, but there is never less than 1 1/2 fathoms. The outer portions are fine, wide streams, having 3 and 2 fathoms of water, respectively. Price's Inlet is large and roomy, nearly twice as wide as Dewees, which is about the width of Light-House Inlet. We found no bottom at 5 fathoms. The bar is good and the channel unusually straight. We found about 1 fathom on the bar at low water. A large, fine stream forms the connection between Price's Inlet and Bull's Bay by way of Sewee Bay. It looked very deep, but I did not have time to explore it. We may therefore assume safely that there is a good water communication, having at least 6 feet of water at the lowest tide, extending from Bull's Bay at least to the end of Copahee Sound, if not further; also that Dewees and Price's Inlets are perfectly practicable for blockade-runners of considerable draught of water.

There seems to be no good place to approach the shore, which appears guarded by extensive mud flats; it is also strongly picketed. I could see fires burning along the shores of the mainland at short intervals. The se islands have only a few people on the, who are there probably to signal to the mainland and to blockade-runners. All these islands are heavily wooded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. SUTER,

Chief Engineer, Department of the South.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 17, 1864.

General RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Chief of Engineers, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th instant in relation to the proposed trial of the new pontoon-boats built for General Woodbury. I shall be happy to have these boats sent to this department, and will see that a fair trial is made of them, and a proper report prepared by Captain Suter, U. S. engineer. Although the wooden pontoon train has been denied to us, we shall be able, by means of the old boats that can be repaired and by the new boats that are rapidly being built in the engineer yard, to provide a sufficient wooden pontoon train to insure a fair trial of the two constructions.

Respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 18, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant, stating that it will not be convenient to you to receive in the Savannah River the 5 privates due you upon former exchange between us, and appointing the outer harbor of Charleston, on Friday, the 23rd instant, at 10 a. m., s the time and

