
have, but these deficiencies in material, which are of such vital importance to successful operations, I deem it my duty to call your attention to the subject in the hope that they may be soon supplied. More ammunition for the 300-pounder, the most useful guns in these works, is also very much needed.

* * * * *

Within the last two days the work on this battery (naval battery) has been greatly interfered with by a corps of sharpshooters which the enemy has stationed on Fort Sumter. The bullets came in very thick when I was at the front this morning. I hope if there are any telescopic rifles in the department or any can be procured they may be sent to me at once. I think I can use them to great advantage.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., September 19, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: The 11-inch guns have been mounted and ready to open for a week, but are unable to do so, as the parapets, traverses, bomb-proofs, &amp;c., are not completed. I have no doubt you desire that the battery should be at work at the earliest possible date.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 19, 1864.

General SAXTON,

Commanding, &c., Morris Island:

GENERAL: I received your letter and have made the necessary requisitions by this steamer both for the ammunition and the telescopic rifles. I have directed Captain Suter to proceed at once to Morris Island to see that the engineer work is properly commenced and pushed forward to completion. The materials for this work are waiting transportation at this time. There is also a large amount of ammunition awaiting transportation. We have been constantly sending up colored recruits and trust they will be of service to you, and that you see them properly put to drill as well as fatigue.

Yours, respectfully and truly,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General SAXTON,

Commanding, &c., Morris Island:

GENERAL: I like your General Orders, Numbers 55,* very much in itself, but very much fear that some one of the printed copies will find its way into the enemy's camp. It should have been strictly confiden-

*Reference is probably to General Orders, Numbers 56, p. 289.

