
Charleston Harbor on Friday next, 23rd instant. I am instructed to direct that you will cause our batteries to suspend firing on that day from 8 a. m. until after the flag-of-truce boat of the enemy has returned to Charleston. Should the weather prove too stormy, the flags will meet the following day at same hour.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

STUART M. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 21, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding S. Atlantic Blockading Squad., Port Royal, S. C.:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication bearing date of September 19, stating that the 11-inch guns have been mounted and ready to open fire for a week past.

I have sent some engineers as a re-enforcement to those now at Morris Island, in order to hurry up the work on the traverses, bomb-proofs, and parapets of all the front batteries, and gave orders to have work finished as early as practicable. I would much desire that the battery should be at work as soon as practicable, as my supply of powder for the front batteries is getting low, and in consequence I have had to slacken fire, which gives the enemy a good opportunity to repair damages in Fort Sumter and in the other batteries.

I have the honor to be, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, September 21, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hdqrs. Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I am much obliged by yours of the 20th, inclosing an extract from a report by Captain Suter with regard to the draught of water in Dewees and Price's Inlet, and the practicability for blockade-runners. In May I caused these inlets and those above to be examined. The officer remained inside on the 23rd, 24th, and 25th, passing through all the interior passages from Long Island to Bull's Bay, where he issued and went on board the U. S. vessel stationed there. It was on this examination that I was disposed to enter these places with gun-boats and act in concert with any movement in that quarter. Blockade-runners might enter there, but could not pass inside of Sullivan's Island, nor perhaps get out of reach of the rifled cannon of the vessels. There is, I believe, no doubt that those which have entered passed in by Maffitt's Channel, and each has been noted at the time; two have run aground and were lost not long since. I have not lately caused these inlets to be entered, as I consider it advisable not to draw attention to the fact that it is feasible, until we wish to take a decisive measure, lest the rebels should,

