
as they always do, take steps to make it difficult. The possession of Long Island would secure us entirely in this direction, and if at any time you feel disposed to land there I will act with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding S. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 22, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I have been informed that you have in your custody a man named J. M. Burnett, a citizen of Georgia, who was seized and carried away from his home by a raiding party from one of the vessels of the blockading squadron off this coast, and that he is to be tried on charges setting forth that he fired into the boats of the Paul Jones and other boats near Belle Point, Ga. I do not know how you regard this man, whether as a Confederate prisoner of war or as a captured citizen, but I claim for him all that is due him in either capacity, and have to request that if proceedings are had against him you will inform me of the result. In justice to him, I inclose papers marked, respectively, A, B, C, and D, bearing on his case.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

A.

ON BOARD THE BLOCKADE,

Saint Simon's Sound, August 27, 1864.

To the Citizens of Glynn County:

I am prisoner on board this blockader, and the commander was Stockwell has made an affidavit that I was Burnett that fired at the Paul Jones' boats and killed 2 of their men when the railroad bridge was burnt. Also that Mr. Golden's little boy made affidavit that I was one of the citizens that fired at their boats near the salt works at Belle Point, and that I will be sent to Port Royal in a few days, and that I must clear myself of these charges. I want the citizens to clear me of these false charges through General Jones and General McLaws. I wish some of my friends to go and see the generals commanding without delay, and have such papers as are necessary to clear me of the charges sent by them to the admiral at Port Royal. Stockwell certainly made a mistake in names, and he will make the correction, unless he did it maliciously. And as to the firing on the boats at the salt-works, you all know that it was done by the Confederate cavalry and a few of the militia. The commander of those cavalry and militia will clear me of the statement made by the little boy. My friends, I hope you will lose no time in getting me sent back to my distressed and destitute family.

Your distressed fellow-being,

J. M. BURNETT.

Do see that my poor, distressed family is taken care of, and do all you can for me to come home as quick as possible.

