
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, September 16, 1864.

Respectfully, forwarded.

The within-named Mr. Burnett was taken prisoner by a raiding party from the Federal navy on the Georgia coast, and it is reported that he was being tried by the naval authorities for firing into their boats, he not being in the Confederate service. The within affidavits have been forwarded to clear him of that accusation.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

B.

STATE OF GEORGIA, Glynn County:

Personally appeared before me, John M. Tison, a justice of the inferior court in and for said county, George W. Stockwell, who, being duly sworn, deposeth and saith that he never knew until last evening that the boats of the Paul Jones were fired into when they went to burn the railroad bridge in said country; that he was on Cumberland Island at the time that it is stated that the boats were fired upon, and therefore could know nothing of the parties that did so; that he never had any conversation with the Federal officers relative to the subject, and that if they have an affidavit that sets forth that he stated to any officer in the Federal service, or other person, that Julien M. Burnett fired into these boats at the time above specified, or at any other time, that such affidavit is a forgery.

G. W. STOCKWELL.

Sworn to and subscribed to before me this 31st day of August, 1864.

J. M. TISON,

Justice Inferior Court, Glynn County.

C.

STATE OF GEORGIA, Glynn County:

Personally appeared before me Mrs. B. Golden, and swears to the following: The boy Garrett Golden is her son. He is eleven years of age, and from sickness his mind is much affected.

B. GOLDEN.

Sworn to before me this 1st day of September, 1864.

JAMES ROSTELLE,

Justice of the Peace.

D.

I hereby certify that, to my knowledge, the boy Garrett Golden was not within 4 miles of the pickets (which engaged the enemy at Demery Hammock about the 30th July, 1864) at the time of the engagement, and therefore could not know who was in the engagement.

JAMES POSTELL,

Orderly Sergeant, Co. E, Second Battn. Georgia Vols.

The above sworn to before me this 31st August, 1864.

JOHN M. TISON,

Justice Inferior Court.

