HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., September 22, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: It would be difficult for any regiment to replace the Seventeenth Connecticut in this district, but still I must say that the regiment would be a good one for the purpose. It has still a year to serve. The colonel has applied for a short leave of absence which I have indorsed favorably and if the Governor was written to that the regiment was to be made an artillery regiment, he would, I have no doubt, make an effort to fill it up to 1,200, particularly if the colonel went himself with the application for the men.

The Third U. S. Colored Troops, on duty at this post as guard for the intrenchments, is very well drilled as an artillery regiment, but will not, I hope, be taken from me, as their long practice at the guns here has fitted them well for the defense of this post. Colonel Doubleday has received his appointment as colonel of a new colored regiment. He is a most excellent artillery officer and will have a good regiment. As it appears the policy of the Government to give us colored troops, would it not be well to request that his regiment be sent here? He desirers to come. I have recommended him a leave of absence for twenty days. He will in person give you his reasons for asking it; they are, I think, good. Colonel Littlefield should be sent here, or some mustering and disbursing officer appointed with funds. I am now moving again about the Florida cavalry. I send a handbill. The State agents all went away and we had no bounty money. An agent from the city of New York is now here with money. Colonel Littlefield nearly spoiled the whole thing by giving authority to persons to raise companies. The men were not those whom Florida men desired to serve under, and they would not enlist. The really loyal men of Florida are the most earnest men I have seen, and can be instructed with the selection of their own officers. They will have none but good and competent men. Can. you send me Spencer or Sharps carbines for them and furnish the quartermaster's department with money to buy the horses? The quartermaster's department is flat broken here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 24, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have received the accompanying letter* from General Jones, containing four inclosures and relating to J. M. Burnett, who is stated to be in our custody. As he was captured by a boat from your squadron and has not been in my possession, I have the honor to refer this letter and inclosures to you. I have notified General Jones of this reference.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 299.

---------------

