
The work at Spanish Wells will be known as Battery Holbrook, after First Lieutenant Henry Holbrook, Third Rhode Island Volunteer Artillery, killed on Morris Island, S. C., August 21, 1863.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 27, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have been officially informed that yellow fever exists at the present time in Charleston, and that there is good reason to suppose that it also prevails in Savannah. I have therefore the honor to notify you that none of the civilians who have heretofore received permits to enter the lines of this department will be received by me until the first day of November, 1864. May I request you to have suitable notice of this given to all such persons? Their permits have passed through your headquarters.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., September 27, 1864.

Colonel A. L. HARRIS,

Commanding Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry:

COLONEL: The bad conduct of the troops under your command on the Gainesville raid has been reported to me from several different sources. In positive violation of my orders just issued, your men disgraced their country by their lawless pillaging. That troops so little under discipline meet with a disgraceful defeat is not surprising. You will be held strictly accountable for the acts of your men on the expedition on which you are now starting. Colonel Noble has instructions to execute immediately any man found pillaging and to report to me the general conduct of your command.

Very respectfully,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., September 27, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM H. NOBLE,

Commanding, Magnolia, Fla.:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to transmit a copy of a communication* just received from Colonel Wilcoxson. The general commanding desirers that you take such steps as are necessary. A force of 100 cavalry has been ordered to report to you at Saint

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

