
(Battery Bee to Beach Inlet.)

Lieutenant ROBERTS,

Captain R. P. SMITH:

General Beauregard is at Sullivan's Island wharf.

R. NORTH.

WASHINGTON, September 29, 1864.

General J. G. FOSTER:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am greatly obliged for the photograph you sent me, giving the condition of Sumter on the 1st instant. We have Gillmore's photographs, or rather sketches, at two former periods and produced by guns of different calibers and from different distances. It is now of much interest to know the exact distances of the different batteries, caliber of guns, and number of rounds fired from each. The question and subject is important that we may guard against exposing such masonry to such artillery for such periods, and it is desirable to learn how long such masonry is at all reliable for any particular period. If though your engineer and artillery officers you can give me detailed information and forward me several copies of the best photograph of the actual condition of Sumter, taken with the best light upon it, you will still further oblige me, and promote the interest of our service. Should you find time to make it an official paper, it would be very acceptable.

The report from Petersburg for August says 8,275 rounds of siege ammunition were fired, 1,605 from guns and 6,670 rounds from mortars, making a total of about 160 tons of iron during the month. Corresponding facts with results in relation to Sumter would be very satisfactory.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., September 29, 1864.

Colonel Hartwell,

Commanding Post, Folly Island:

COLONEL: I am directed to say to you that the suggestion of Major Wales, commanding outpost on Long Island, S. C., that the position of the several posts under his control be changed so as to deceive the enemy should the two deserters inform as to their locality, meets with the entire approval of the brigadier-general commanding. They should be changed without delay. I am also instructed to state that Brigadier-General Saxton deems it advisable that colored soldiers be ordered to relieve those men of the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, on duty at Long Island and elsewhere at the outposts of Folly Island, who are not considered trustworthy. Soldiers about whom there is the slightest doubt as to their fidelity should not be placed in position where the temptation may be offered them to quit their post or desert to the rebels.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

STUART M. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

20 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

