
therein and whenever the Engineer Department may choose to resume the site thus conditionally ceded, it will be relinquished at once

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding S. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 3, 1864.

Issue orders to the ordnance department to remove the guns and carriages from Fort Seward at once. The guns are to be used to arm Forts Sherman, Howell, and Stevens, the selection of the guns for each being made by Captain Suter. The present garrison of Fort Seward will help dismount and load the guns, and will then rejoin their regiment.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 143. Hilton Head, S. C., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, U. S. Volunteers, having reported in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 301, current series, from the War Department, he is hereby assigned to the command of the Northern District of this department, and will relieve Brigadier-General R. Saxton without delay.

Brigadier General R. Saxton, on being relieved, will resume command of the District of Beaufort.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: In taking command of the Northern District and relieving General Saxton, I desire to call your attention to the following points which seem to be of the most importance, viz:

After making yourself thoroughly acquainted with the troops of your command, their condition, &amp;c., you will next examine into the condition and position of the different batteries. The chief of artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Ames, will be able to give you the necessary information concerning these batteries, with the details in relation to their condition, armament, &c. It will be necessary to visit them all in person, accompanied by the chief of artillery, and I recommend that this be done at once, as soon as you are settled in your quarters. The batteries on Long Island, Cole's Island, and Black Island, being the advanced picket batteries toward the enemy, need not be visited immediately upon your arrival, but should be inspected by you as soon as practicable in order for you to obtain a perfect knowledge of their condition and position. I wish all the

