
they are obeyed. Modifications will be necessary from time to time in accordance with the circumstances. In order to give an opportunity to have the camps searched from time to time two schooners are anchored in Light-House Inlet, to whim the prisoners may be moved when necessary. While upon these schooners increased vigilance should be used to prevent the escape of the men by their jumping overboard and swimming to the shore. For this purpose, in addition to the guards on board, boats well armed must now guard all night long around the vessels. A vigilant guard will be kept on each shore near the vessels, and a good watch kept from the fort on each side the anchorage, and the guns kept charged with grape. A cable must be kept on each vessel, and all the steamers in the inlet must have a sufficient guard on board to prevent any possibility of their being captured by a boat attack by the enemy having for its object the rescue of the prisoners. All row-boats not needed by the boat infantry for night service as picket-boats or ferriage across the inlet must be taken to the lower end of Folly Island and placed in a secure position, if it has not already been done. In fine, every means must be taken to provide for every emergency and to insure perfect safety.

Sixth. As to the rate of firing, that upon the city is usually on an average of 1 every fifteen minutes, but this may be varied according to circumstances. The firing on Fort Sumter is very slow at present, owing to a want of ammunition, but when a sufficient supply arrives, a slow fire, principally shells from mortars, will be kept up whenever there is an appearance of working parties being engaged. The marsh Angel will fire dark nights all night long at irregular intervals, and upon light nights sufficiently to prevent their landing supplies on the dock on the left flank. All details connected with your command will be obtained from the file of orders from these headquarters in the adjutant-general's office of the Northern District. Soon as you send a list of maps in the office the duplicates of those we have will be sent you to complete your list. The commanding general, having great confidence in your judgment and ability, leaves much to your discretion, feeling confident that everything will receive your prompt and careful consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: The yellow fever is now more or less prevalent at New Berne, N. C., and within the rebel lines along this coast.

The major-general commanding directs that immediate steps be taken to prevent its appearance within this department. You will therefore please see that the camps and all buildings and grounds within your district are immediately and thoroughly policed and cleansed, and that lime is profusely used, particularly about the sinks. The major-general commanding further directs that instruc-

