
tions be given to the officers commanding outposts to admit no deserters or refugees until they have been strictly and rigidly quarantined. You are requested to keep this matter as quiet as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Morris Island, S. C., October 6, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: The day before yesterday Brigadier-General Saxton went with me to the front batteries toward Charleston. I found everything in apparently good condition. The earth-works are excellent. The new palisading around Fort Putnam, including the recent addition of the six-gun navy battery, is nearly completed. The flanking arrangement for the latter is such as you desire. The palisading is complete with the exception of looping. In reference to palisading between Batteries Chatfield and Seymour, I would state that the material does not arrive as fast as it ought, and I beg that the officers having the matter in charge may send what is required with the utmost promptitude.

To-day I review the troops at this place. To-morrow I propose to visit Folly Island, and will then give you a detailed report of the condition of my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., October 6, 1864.

Colonel HALLOWELL,

In Charge of Prisoners' Camp:

COLONEL: I am instructed to inform you that the brigadier-general commanding consents that the rebel officers, prisoners of war, now in your hands, located on Morris Island, be permitted to purchase such articles, not contraband, from the sutler as they may from time to time desire. These purchases are to be made under the superintendent of Captain Thomas Appleton, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, provost-marshal, Northern District. I am also charged to direct that you cause this communication to be read to the prisoners for their benefit, in order that all who desire it may avail themselves of this privilege. Those officers, who may be in need of money will be afforded facilities for obtaining it. Lights will also be permitted them, to be extinguished, however, at such an hour of the evening as you may see fit to designate. The candles can be purchased from the sutler.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STUART M. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

