HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., October 6, 1864.

Colonel HALLOWELL,

In Charge of Prisoners' Camp:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding instructs me to direct that you will please make requisition at once on the quartermaster's department for a sufficient amount of lumber to build proper sinks for the use of the rebel officers, prisoners of war in our hands, now located on this island. These sinks should be inside of the dead line, and the vault dug to such a depth that they will not be rendered offensive. I am directed to inform you that the brigadier-general commanding is not desirous that the prisoners should be employed to empty their sink tubs, our own officers in the hands of the rebel authorities not being subjected to this indignity, but the general intends to extend to them such treatment as the general is informed, and knows from personal experience, is given to the officers of the U. S. Army now in possession of the enemy. Hence this desire that the custom now in force now in force of using sink tubs be dispensed with, and that proper arrangements be promptly made by you to render their lot less unpleasant to the prisoners in this particular. If upon investigation you find that the plan would be impracticable, on account of water coming up too high, or in any other way objectionable, you will please report the fact to these headquarters in order that other measures may be adopted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STUART M. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Morris Island, S. C., October 8, 1864.

Colonel VAN WYCK,

56th N. Y. Vols., Commanding Post, Morris Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you cause a competent medical officer to visit daily the camp of the rebel officers, prisoners of war, and extend to those confined there such medical treatment as they may from time to time require.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

STUART M. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 10, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 30th ultimo, requesting me to receive certain packages for the use of your prisoners confined in this department, and to give such orders as would insure their safe delivery to the officers to whom they were sent, I have the honor to state that they have been safely delivered to such officers under the personal superintendence of Lieutenant-Colonel

