
Volunteers to go as a guard. You are directed to see that everything is carried out in as quiet a manner as possible and that they be placed on board the prison schooner in good time to-morrow morning (early). You will consult Colonel Hallowell and have everything as regards transportation placed at his disposal in order to carry out the instructions given him.

By order of Brigadier-General Scammon:

THOS. J. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: On the 26th September I wrote requesting you to allow no persons to come here from your district of the refugee class unless it is upon an absolutely military necessity. Yesterday a Mrs. Hutchins arrived from Florida by your permission, applied to me for a free pass North, which I am unable to give her; and if it was in my power to furnish her transportation, the following extract from a letter received from General Halleck by last mail would oblige me to detain her in the department unless she desires to return to her friends in the rebel lines:

The War Department does not sanction such passes (permission to go North) unless issued by the Secretary himself. The reason is obvious. The very worst traitors and spies we have in the Northern States are these very pretending Unionists of Northern birth who have assisted the rebellion for the last three years, and who are now permitted to leave the rebel States simply because they can be of more use to them within our lines. Nearly every one permitted to come North is now acting the part of copperhead and traitor, and the women are the worst of all.

I would respectfully call your attention to my request conveyed in the letter of the 26th of September concerning these persons and in future shall expect you to allow none of them permission to leave Florida.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 22, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I thank you for your communication of the 12th instant relative to the recent inspection made by you of Fort Clinch. The interesting and instructive ideas it contains will be of much importance in maturing some definite plan for the modification of that work. I look with interest for the more complete statement you promise by the next steamer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH. DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.

