HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Morris Island, S. C., October 25, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that nothing important has occurred in this command for the last ten days. The work up to the front is progressing as rapidly as my means will allow; it could be more promptly done had we the means of transportation. The naval battery on Cumming's Point is fast approaching completion, and every possible exertion is being made to have this work finished. Fatigue parties are at work both night and day. I have made some changes in the disposition of the troops on Folly and Long Islands, by placing three companies of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers as a permanent force on Long Island. This has been done at the suggestions of the chief of artillery, to enable the men to become proficient in artillery drill.

The Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers changed their camp this week from their former position near Stono Landing, moving to new ground near to and on the right of the white house on Folly River. The medical reports show the health of the command to be good; 3 men died from disease and 1 from wounds within the last seven days. We have one casualty from the sharpshooters on Sumter.

I would earnestly recommend that some twenty-five or thirty telescopic rifles be sent to this district for use at the front, as the enemy can be very annoying at any time.

On the morning of the 23rd instant, a side-wheel steamer was seen ashore almost opposite Battery Rutledge, Sullivan's Island; she was painted lead color and looked to be a fine, large steamer. Inclosed I furnish a report made by the chief of artillery, giving particulars and number of rounds fired.* We have found out the name of the steamer to be Flamingo, and that she was running into Charleston when headed off by some of our picket-boats and run aground. She now lies a total wreck.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Morris Island, S. C., October 26, 1864.

Captain J. F. GREEN, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Naval Forces off Charleston:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully make application to be furnished with 3,000 feet submarine fuse if you can spare it. I have made application to the commanding general of the department to be supplied, but find we have none on hand, and he has directed me to apply to you for it. I desire this for another attempt at Sumter, and

---------------

*See Part I, p. 108.

---------------

