
have all my arrangements made, only waiting the fuse. I can use the galvanic cable, but think it too cumbersome. If you can accommodate me with this, my ordnance officer will receipt for it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 371. Hilton Head, S. C. October 26, 1864.

I. Brigadier General E. E. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned temporarily to the command of the Northern District, Department of the South, during the illness of Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, who will, when relieved by General Potter, proceed without delay to Hilton Head, S. C., and report in person to the major-general commanding the department.

II. Colonel P. P. Brown, jr., One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, will, during the temporary absence of Brigadier-General Potter, assume command of the District of Hilton Head, Fort Pulaski, Saint Helena, and Tybee Islands, and will make his headquarters at Hilton Head, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Carmichael, One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, in command at Fort Pulaski.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., October 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the recent information obtained from deserters and refugees is to the following effect:

First. Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee is in command of the rebel Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, with headquarters in Charleston. General Samuel Jones, upon being relieved, set out for Richmond for assignment to an active command.

Second. The force of the rebels is 4,000 men in and around Charleston, 4,000 men at different points on the railroad to Savannah, and 7,000 men at Savannah. The latter are, however, mostly conscripts, a part of whom are being drilled and god ready to be forwarded to Hood's army. The recent sweeping conscription is said to have produced in South Carolina and Georgia between 30,000 and 40,000 men and boys, the most of whom are being forwarded to re-enforce Hood. The remainder is retained for garrison duty on the coast, in addition to the artillery force, which is wholly composed of veterans. The rebel leaders intend introducing a law into their next Congress authorizing the conscription of all men under sixty. Those between fifty and sixty are expected to be able to perform the quartermaster, commissary, and other light or bureau duty.

Third. The rebel preparations for defense still continue with unabated activity; working parties are constantly engaged upon their old batteries in repairs and upon the construction of new ones. Of

