
these latter one is on James Island, near Fort Johnson; one on Sullivan's Island, one at Mount Pleasant, and several in the city itself. Those in the city are arranged to sweep the principal streets. A new work has been built near Causten's Bluff, on the Savannah River, and several works commenced on Wilmington and Skidaway Islands to better guard the approaches in that direction. The old fort at Georgetown, S. C., has been repaired, enlarged, and manned. A formidable wooden gun-boat is building on the Great Pedee. Three torpedoes are provided to be placed on the Georgetown Bar. One very large torpedo, to contain over 1,000 pounds of powder, is now made and ready to be placed in the position designated for it, which is nearly midway between Fort Sumter and Fort Moultrie.

Fourth. The yellow fever still prevails in Charleston, with over 20 deaths per day reported. It has also broken out in Savannah. I am informed that it also prevails at Wilmington, N. C.

The Union officers and men prisoners of war in the hands of the rebels are distributed as follows, viz: The officers at Columbia, S. C., and vicinity; 16,000 men in a stockade at Florence, S. C.; over 15,000 men at Savannah, who are to be soon removed to Millen, Ga., about 100 miles from Savannah, and placed in a stockade at that place, which is now being built. The stockade at Florence, S. C., is in a field near the junction of the railroads, and separated from the junction by a skirt of woods, as seen in the marginal sketch. Our men are permitted to build huts and brush shelters with materials obtained from the adjacent wood. They are treated very kindly by Colonel Harrison, who commands the depot and guard of 1,000 men. They are, however, destitute of blankets and proper clothing. Generally their condition is much better than at Andersonville. No military defenses are as yet erected at this depot. It is expected that all the officers and men now at Columbia, S. C., and vicinity will very soon be brought to Florence, increasing the whole number at that place to 25,000 men and officers.

The ration issued to the prisoners at Florence consists of one pound corn meal, one-half pound of fresh meat, or one-quarter pound bacon daily. Sometimes a little molasses or vinegar is added. To check the prevalence of scurvy issues have been made of chopped sweet potatoes soaked in vinegar. The capability of the country to furnish supplies to the army and the people seems from reports to be adequate to the absolute necessities of both. There is a sufficiency of corn and meat; of other supplies they have a limited amount, and of luxuries none.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HILTON HEAD DISTRICT,October 28, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the South:

CAPTAIN: In reply to the communication of the major-general commanding of the 24th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report: The order to shoot any prisoners who might attempt to escape, which I have since learned was given to my predecessor in charge of the prisoners, was not transmitted to me. I first received the order from the major-general commanding on the even

