HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Morris Island, S. C., November 2, 1864.

Colonel E. N. HALLOWELL,

Commanding Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding desires me, in the name of the major-general commanding the department to tender you his sincere thanks for the prompt and efficient manner in which you and all the officers and men of your command discharged their duties while guarding the rebel prisoners of war. Your close observance of order and vigilance have attracted the attention of the major-general commanding. This letter will be read to your command at dress parade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant, Acting Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, November 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following statement of movements of the enemy in my vicinity, which I consider perfectly reliable, dated November 2, 1864:

Six companies of the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry have gone in the direction of Milton, Fla. A portion of Forrest's and Maury's command are at Pollard. There are three regiments of infantry at Blakely; "destination not known," supposed to be Pollard or Milton. One cavalry regiment from Mobile was ordered to report at Greenwood's plantation yesterday. The number of men in these regiments is not known. The entire force at Greenwood's is 1,000 men and four pieces of artillery, but there is some talk of their moving above Blakely for fear they may be cut off by forces from Pensacola, and there is one company of men (100 strong) at Montrose. There is one set of pickets at Stick River and one at Holman's, on the Perdido River. At Mobile there are about 8,000 old men and boys. Two couriers are stationed at H. I. Helton's, while he acts as a spy for them. At Blakely there is situated one battery mounting eight guns-two large and six small ones. Colonel Maury's movements seem to be rather mysterious.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 152. Hilton Head, S. C., November 5, 1864.

I. Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the District of Florida and ordered to take command of the Northern District, relieving Brigadier General E. E. Potter, U. S. Volunteers.

