
These reports, coming from different sources, would seem to show that there was considerable commotion last night within the enemy's lines, to what cause to be attributed I cannot say.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 13, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER,

Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Major-General Sherman expects to leave Atlanta on the 16th instant for the interior of Georgia or Alabama, as circumstances may seem to require, and may come out either on the Atlantic coast or the Gulf. If the former, it will probably be at Savannah, Ossabaw Sound, Darien, or Fernandina. Supplies are being collected at Hilton Head, with transports to convey them to the point required. Supplies are also collected at Pensacola Bay, to be transported to any point he may require on the Gulf. Should Sherman come to the Atlantic coast, which I think most probable, he expects to reach there the early part of December, and wishes you, if possible, to cut the Charleston and Savannah Railroad near Pocotaligo about that time. At all events a demonstration on that road will be of advantage. You will be able undoubtedly to learn his movements through rebel sources much earlier than from these headquarters, and will shape your action accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 13, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Confederate Forces, S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have received instructions from Washington prohibiting for the present the transmittal across the lines of money or other supplies to prisoners of war. It is understood that General Grant and General Lee have made such arrangements for the supplies of prisoners of war on both sides as will shortly be put in operation for the benefit of both parties.

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you a Savannah paper of the 12th instant, brought in by the flag-of-truce boat. The exchange is progressing favorably, I believe, under colonel Mul-

