
ford's direction. Reports from Morris Island represent that there are appearances of commotion among the rebels in Charleston and on James Island. I shall go up there to-night to see what is the matter. I hope and trust that it may be caused by the approach of General Sherman in the rear. Such a movement would be the finest of the war, and would capture Charleston and Savannah with all their stores of cannon, ammunition, and material, and open bases of supplies from which with his army he could utterly destroy and devastate the whole State of South Carolina. The health of the department is good, and with the precautions taken, and the lateness of the season, I apprehend no cases of yellow fever, even with the intercourse by flags of truce. Eight officers of the U. S. Army, escaped prisoners from Columbia, arrived here to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 1, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

General Beauregard left the 28th ultimo for Florida. General Gardner, in command there, reports that General Gillmore is now in chief command; that he is being re-enforced; has retired to Jacksonville, which he is fortifying, but appearances all indicate another attempt to advance in heavier force soon. Large number of transports reported at Saint John's Bar with troops. We reoccupy Baldwin.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 2, 1864.

(Received 10.40.)

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

All the movements of the enemy on this front indicate that he is sending re-enforcements hence to Florida. No late news from our forces there.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, March 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to inform you that Captain Behre, post commissary, reports the failure of the meat issue for to-day, and probable failure of it on to-morrow, as Major Molloy, commissary of subsistence in Charleston, informs me that he has none on hand.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

