
vicinity during the past month, including such information as you have been able to collect in regard to the movements of the enemy in our front and the force opposed to us, the position of their camps, &amp;c. To this you will please add such further information as you may possess in regard to the works thrown up the defense of Charleston, whether within the city limits or within its neighborhood, their usual garrison, the guns mounted in them, and in general such other items as you may deem of any military importance, the description of the localities to be, so far as possible, illustrated by maps. You will also please include in this report all changes in your own troops, and a list of the earth-works and fortifications within your command, with a brief sketch of the work performed upon the during the month of March.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEABROOK HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 3, 1864.

Major T. B. BROOKS,

Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: I have the honor most respectfully to submit the following statement as to a verbal order received by me from Major John W. Hicks in relation to the arrest of a naval officer belonging to the ship Vermont:

On or about the 5th day of February, 1864, Major John W. Hicks ordered me to put on my sword and proceed with my horse to Elliott's plantation (which is about 1 1/4 miles from this place) and order a naval officer to report to his (the major's) headquarters, and if he refused to come to bring him. I immediately proceeded and found the officer seated near the beach.

I told the officer that Major Hicks ordered me to order him (the naval officer) to report to his (the major's) headquarters. He asked, "Where is the major's headquarters?" I replied, "At Seabrook," when he, with one of his men, came with me, I walking my horse, conversing with him, until within about 300 yards of Seabrook, when I galloped into camp. By the time I put my horse the officer had arrived and was conversing with the major in my office. I did not pay any attention to the conversation, but from what I did hear the major treated him very courteously.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM S. MOORHEAD,

Second Lieutenant, Seventy-Sixth Pennsylvania Vols.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., April 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff and of Artillery, Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: A dispatch received this day from Colonel Barton commanding at Palatka, reports that all is quiet at that place. A detachment of the One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers,

* For other correspondence upon this subject see Part I.

3 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

