HDQRS. FOURTH MIL. DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Georgetown, March 2, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The enemy yesterday landed a party of 20 or 30 men at a point a few miles below Battery White, drove in the pickets posted there, and remained about a half hour. The party then returned to their gun-boat, which proceeded down the bay again to her anchorage. Their object may have been merely to ascertain whether or not any batteries were in process of construction there, and, again, it may have been to make a reconnaissance, with a view to ulterior operations. I have deemed it my duty to report the circumstances to department headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 3, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &c., Baldwin, Fla.:

Movements of troops still seen toward the south from the islands in this vicinity. Scouts report arrival of some negro regiments from New Berne at Hilton Head. Private information from Nassau states that the enemy is planting large number of mortars on Morris Island with which to open fire on Sullivan's Island, under cover of which to attempt passage into harbor with iron-clads.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 3, 1864.

Captain W. J. GAYER,

Provost-Marshal, Charleston:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the commanding general to desire you to forward to these headquarters a descriptive list of the negro prisoners that you have handed over to the State authorities since the 1st of January, 1864, with a statement, if possible, setting forth the mode and time of capture, with the names and residences of the negroes.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, March 4, 1864.

(Received 8.30.)

General S. COOPER:

Enemy has retired under cover of gun-boats to Jacksonville, where he is fortifying. Force estimated at 12,000, with re-enforcements

