
ROYALL'S HOUSE, March 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Simonton reports no change of importance on the front. Taking advantage of the clearness of the atmosphere to-day I carefully examined the outworks of the enemy. They have nearly completed a battery on Horse Island at the foot of the bridge from Battery Island. Their causeway between Dixon's and Horse Island is finished. The battery on this end of Dixon's Island is nearly finished. The causeway leading from this battery to Dixon's Arm is about half done. It is a broad, substantial road. They either are about to build another battery on the end of Dixon's Arm adjoining Schooner Creek or they have a pretty strong picket at that point. They have two batteries guarding the bridge and causeway from Dixon's Army to Long Island, one on each island.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,McGirt's Creek, Fla., March 5, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding at Savannah, Ga.:

Send Twelfth Georgia Battalion to Tallahassee without delay. Make whatever dispositions may be necessary to replace temporarily that battalion.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers -. March 5, 1864.]

I. The temporary division heretofore commanded by Brigadier-General Taliaferro will cease from this date and the commanding officers of the brigades composing this division will hereafter report directly to the general commanding the forces in the field.

II. When Brigadier-General Gardner shall have been relieved of the command of the forces in the field he will return, according to his request, made on account of his physical condition, to the command of his sub-district. To this will be added a general supervision of all the transportation and supplies of this district under instructions from Major-General Anderson.

By command of General Beauregard:

HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers -. In the field, McGirt's Creek, Fla., March 5, 1864.

I. The Twenty-sixth Virginia Regiment, now in the brigade commanded by Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, is hereby transferred from said brigade to that commanded by Colonel George P. Harrison, jr.

