
II. The Fifty-ninth Virginia Regiment, now in the brigade commanded by Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., is hereby transferred from said brigade to that commanded by Brigadier General Joseph Finegan.

III. The First Georgia Regulars, now in the brigade commanded by Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, is hereby transferred from said brigade to that commanded by Brigadier General A. H. Colquitt.

IV. Captain J. J. Dickison, of the Second Florida Cavalry, will proceed at once with his company to Palatka, Fla., and take post there as heretofore. He will call upon the commanding officer of the Fourth Georgia Cavalry for such support as may be necessary.

V. The commanding officer of the Fourth Georgia Cavalry will furnish Captain J. J. Dickison with such assistance as he may require for the post of Palatka, and hold himself in readiness to support Captain Dickison with his whole command if found necessary.

VI. Brigadier-General Gardner will re-establish the military posts from Clay Landing on the Suwannee River to Tampa, garrisoning these posts with the troops heretofore occupying them under the orders of Brigadier-General Finegan.

By command of General Beauregard:

HENRY BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 6, 1864.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Com. of Sub., State of South Carolina:

MAJOR: By direction of the commanding general I have the honor to inform you that the following commands have been transferred from the several districts named in the State of South Carolina to Florida, viz:

First Military District, Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers and Holcombe Legion.

Second Military District, Fifth Regiment Georgia Cavalry and Villepigue's battery.

Third Military District, Thirty-second Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

Sixth Military District, Twenty-sixth and Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers.

Seventh Military District, Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-third, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Volunteers (Colquitt's brigade), Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers, Wheaton's battery light artillery, and one company South Carolina Siege Train.

In am further instructed to say it is not probable that the present force in this State will soon be augmented.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT McGIRT'S CREEK, FLA.,

March 6, 1864-6 a.m.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

My estimate of enemy's forces at Jacksonville is less than that of several generals here, and same as that of the rest. Those forces came from South Carolina and North Carolina. He cannot be driven out of Jacksonville with our present means.

