
&amp;c., and I think cannot be far from correct, and does not include the number lost by them in the late engagement, which cannot be less than 2,500.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HDQRS. HARRISON'S Brigadier, ARMY OF EAST FLA.,In the Field, March 5, 1864.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: By request of Captain Chisolm, aide-de-camp, I have the honor to make the following report relative to the strength of the enemy in our front:

My estimate of his force in the action near Ocean Pond is between 8,000 and 10,000. This opinion is based on my observations on the battle-field, and coincides with the statements (making due allowance for exaggeration) of prisoners and loyal citizens at that time within the enemy's lines. From the best information gathered from scouts, prisoners, and citizens recently from Jacksonville, I am satisfied he has received such re-enforcements as, added t those engaged at Ocean Pond and the force left to protect communication with his base, would make his number at present reach nearly, if not quite, 14,000 of all arms. From the same source I learn that the enemy has been actively employed fortifying the land approach to Jacksonville for a sufficient length of time to have rendered the position of such formidable strength that an assault with our present force would be, in my opinion, not only extremely hazardous, but decidedly inexpedient.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN FLORIDA,In the Field, March 5, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: In reply to the request, made through your aide-de-camp, that I would communicate all information in my possession and also my opinion as to the forces of the enemy, I have the honor to say that, from the best information which I have been able to gather, the enemy had in the fight at Ocean Pond not less than 9,000 men. I presumed that not less than 2,000 were retained in rear at Jacksonville to guard his lines of communication, and that since that date he has received not less than 5,000 in re-enforcements. I estimate the forces now in and around Jacksonville at not less than 12,000; probably from that number to 15,000. We have satisfactory information that the enemy has intrenched himself strongly within his lines around Jacksonville, supported by his gun-boats. I do not believe with our present force that the place can be successfully carried by assault.

