
I will add that among the captured negroes there have been recognized by intelligent and reliable gentlemen negroes known to have been the property of friends in North Carolina, and who are reported to belong to a North Carolina regiment now upon this coast. Also, many of the ammunition boxes found upon the field were marked "New Berne, N. C."

I append a list of regiments so far as ascertained from reports of scouts and examination of citizens and prisoners.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

List of forces of enemy in and around Jacksonville.

Cavalry: Fortieth Regiment Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, First Battalion Massachusetts Cavalry.

Infantry: Six negro regiments-First, Second, and Third South Carolina, a North Carolina regiment, the Eighth U. S. Colored Regiment, and others not known by name; One hundred and fifteenth, forty-seventh, and Forty-eighth New York Volunteers (white), First

and Twelfth Massachusetts Volunteers (white), Sixth and Seventh Connecticut Volunteers (white), Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers (white).

Making two commands of cavalry and fourteen regiments infantry, white and black, and four batteries artillery, twenty-four pieces. The names of other regiments we have not been able to ascertain.

Very respectfully submitted.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

CAMP NEAR McGIRT'S CREEK, FLA.,

March 5, 1864.

Captain CHISOLM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that from the best evidence I could procure the force of the enemy at the battle of Ocean Pond, and that left to protect his rear, was at least 11,000 men. This estimate is based, first, upon the declaration of the enemy's correspondents from Hilton Head, which show that 11,000 troops embarked at that point for Jacksonville; second, from the declarations of intelligent citizens of Jacksonville, to the effect that in addition to those arriving from Hilton Head, a regiment has been transferred from Saint Augustine and troops from Fernandina to Jacksonville; third, upon the statements of our officers and men of the number engaged at Ocean Pond, and, fourth, upon the statements of prisoners taken in that battle.

This force has been reduced, in my opinion, by the casualties of the action of Ocean Pond to 8,500 or 9,000 men, and has been re-enforced since that action, from information derived from intelligent citizens, by between 4,000 or 5,000 men, leaving over 13,000 men now in Jacksonville. The citizens of the country who have had access to the town generally state that the enemy's re-enforcements have reached 10,000 men, and that they claim to have now 20,000,

22 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

