SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 1. Camp Milton, March 7, 1864.

I. Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., commanding brigade, will order one regiment from his command to move and take position on the Jacksonville road as near Camp Finegan as practicable, within 1 mile in rear of the command of Colonel R. H. Anderson, to act as support for the cavalry, and to co-operate with him upon his order or request in holding his position against the enemy.

II. In obedience to instructions from headquarters Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, the camp now occupied by this army on McGirt's Creek will be hereafter known and designated as Camp Milton.

III. Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Jones, chief of artillery, will order one section of howitzers to report to Colonel R. H. Anderson, commanding forces in the front; also one section of Napoleons to report to the commanding officer of infantry (support ordered from Colonel Harrison's brigade by paragraph I, encamped 1 mile in rear of cavalry force in the front).

* * * * *

VII. In obedience to instructions from the headquarters Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment will report to Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., commanding brigade, in place of the Twenty-sixth Virginia Regiment, which will report back to Brigadier-General Finegan.

VIII. Brigadier-General Finegan, commanding Sub-District Numbers 2, will in compliance with Special Orders, No.-, paragraph VI, department headquarters, occupy the posts from Clay Landing, on the Suwannee River, to Tampa Bay, on the Gulf coast, with such number and commands as he may think proper.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Anderson:

WM. G. BARTH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP MILTON, NEAR McGIRT'S CREEK, FLA.,

March 8, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

Should enemy's movements indicate operations against Charleston or Savannah telegraph me immediately, and call on War Department for loan of one or two brigades from North Carolina, whence part of the enemy's forces has come.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

GEORGETOWN, S. C., March 8, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BONHAM:

SIR: It is a patent fact that the Confederate tax in real estate alone on the immediate banks of the Waccamaw, Pedee, Black, and Sampit Rivers, within tide water, will not fall short of half a million of dollars. In addition these alluvial lands, provided adequate protection against the inroads of the enemy be afforded, will

