
my command is weakened I must respectfully request to be relieved from all responsibility in the event of any surprise or disaster. I have now only 948 privates for duty to cover a line 9 miles in length from Hogan's Landing to Trout Creek, and the men and horses are now being worked to the utmost. My line is now thinner than I would like to have it, and I would suggest that, if possible, a troop from the Fourth Georgia Cavalry, now at Starke, be ordered to Palatka in lieu of Dickison's troop. The necessary guides could be furnished from Dickison's troop.

One of my scouts, Massey, returned this afternoon from Saddler's Point. He reports the gun-boat that went up the river yesterday morning returned in the afternoon with about the same number of men visible on deck as when she went up. He heard from a woman (the mother of one of his scouts) whom he considers very reliable, who is living in Jacksonville, and who came out to see him yesterday, that the enemy received re-enforcements on Sunday (day before yesterday) to the amount of two or three brigades. The enemy are now repairing the saw-mills and wharves and the buildings in town, and have opened a good many stores. Mrs. Seymour and several of the officers' wives have arrived. She also says that the enemy have masked batteries in front of Three-Mile Branch, in front of which they have stretched wire for the purpose of tripping cavalry; also that a large vessel loaded with supplies was wrecked coming over the bar some three or four days ago. She says the enemy say that the expedition was not ordered by Gillmore, but by Congress and the Secretary of War, and that they are daily expecting Rosecrans, when another attack or advance will be made.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 8, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for information of general commanding.

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 8, 1864.

Officer commanding Detachment from

Fourth Georgia Cavalry, ordered to Clay Landing:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your detachment to Clay Landing, on the Suwannee River, and arrest a man named Rigdin and bring him to these headquarters. You will first proceed to the residence of Colonel James W. McQueen, who will give you useful information. You will also arrest deserters, and give such other protection to the people of vicinity as may be in your power while among them. You will report back to your command as soon as the detachment or company from Numbers 4 shall reach their station on the river, and will make a written report to these headquarters.

