HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, Near Jacksonville, March 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the infantry of the Florida volunteers in this district is at present organized into four battalions and three unattached companies, and to request that as far as practicable they may be organized into regiments. An application has some time since been forwarded to the War Department for the organization of a regiment by amalgamating the

Sixth Florida Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Martin, seven companies, with the three independent companies of Captains Eichelberger, McNeill, and Reynolds, making ten companies, to which I would respectfully call attention. There would then remain the following battalions: First Florida Battalion Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Hopkins (six companies); Second Florida Battalion Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Brevard (six companies); Fourth Florida Battalion Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan (five companies).

A more efficient organization would exist if these battalions were combined, which can be readily effected by making companies from the men who might be transferred from the stronger companies, and I have the honor to request that I be authorized to do this, the details to be submitted to the approval of the commanding general of the department and of the War Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General GARDNER:

GENERAL: The report of Captain Thigpin, relative to the cases of William Marr and Stillman Smith, has been submitted to the major-general commanding, who directs that you instruct Captain Thigpin to notify William Budd, commanding U. S. naval forces, Saint George's Sound, that these men (Marr and Smith) were not arrested but shot while attempting, with arms in their hands, to escape from our troops; that we do not acknowledge any right on his part to grant passes within our lines, and that any harsh or violent proceedings of his against either Messrs. Ormand and Rouan or any other persons, either military or civilians, entitled to the protection of the Confederate States, will be promptly and sternly retaliated.

The major-general further directs that you cause Messrs. Ormand and Rouan to be at once arrested and removed to a safe point in the interior.

I return the original papers in this case, as requested in your indorsement.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

