
of the service will not at present admit of compliance with your request as to Scott's battalion. Capers' battalion has been ordered to report to you, and will obviate the necessity for Bonaud's battalion. A detachment of the Siege Train has been ordered to report to you to guard the Aucilla trestle. No troops can possibly be spared from this point, but the hope is entertained that with Capers' battalion, Wimberly's company, the two infantry companies at the Suwannee bridge, and the detachment of the Siege Train, you will be able to prevent further depredations in Middle Florida.

The major-general commanding directs me to call your attention to the fact that many officers commanding detachments do not date their communications from any known locality, and requests that you will correct this evil in your district.

Very respectfully,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HARRIS,

Commanding Georgia Cavalry, Waldo, Fla.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to state for your information and guidance that in case of a general advance of the enemy upon our front it is very desirable to have the co-operation of your entire cavalry force. To accomplish this it will be necessary for you, upon the receipt of such information in reliable shape, to fall back in the direction of Baldwin, either by the Middleburg and Baldwin road or such other roads as may accomplish the march in the shortest time. Your forces will be expected to operate and unite with the cavalry force on our right wing, under Colonel R. H. Anderson. It will be desirable that you shall not wait to concentrate your forces before moving, but will order those forces nearest to Middleburg and Baldwin to move independently and report as soon as practicable at the point named, and with the remainder of the command more distant you will follow. That you may more readily comprehend the movement, it is explained to you that the cavalry forces intended to operate upon the right flank of the army, and with which you will unite your forces, under Colonel R. H. Anderson, commanding cavalry, will retire, in case of the necessity referred to, from their present position by the Black Creek road to its crossing of McGirt's Creek, which it will defend, and if compelled to retire, then by sending one company down the Black Creek road, toward its crossing of Black Creek, to watch any movement of the enemy in that direction. He will continue to retire by a road leading from that road to the New River road, and then along its course upon the right flank of the army in the direction of Baldwin. The intersection of the Middleburg and Baldwin road with the New River road, below Low's house, near the Yellow Water, is the point at which you had best aim, and from which you can readily unite with Colonel Anderson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. LAY,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

