
most favorable locality for intercepting the boat expedition of the enemy now supposed to be operating on the Ocklawaha River, using your discretion as to the details of your operations, which are to be directed to the capturing or destroying the enemy's expedition. Pearson's, Westcott's, and McNeill's companies have been ordered to co-operate with you, and will be under your command whenever they join you, as will any other troops that may be in your vicinity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 14, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Beauregard reports one brigade of enemy gone in transports with barges to Palatka. He hopes to defeat object. Spies report to General Maury movement from New Orleans in force by sea steamers against Florida; not very probable, but if so, of course, for descent on Gulf coast about Saint Mark's.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 14, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Baldwin, Fla.:

General Maury telegraphs spies report 15,000 troops sent from New Orleans in sea steamers for Florida-for example, 2,000 in one steamer drawing 18 feet of water-and that Sherman was in New Orleans on 4th instant; not very reliable, I fancy. Send your saddle cloth by express in morning. All quiet.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Pocotaligo, March 14, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

A boat expedition of 120 men was organized under the command of Captain Magee to attack the headquarters of the enemy's outposts on Broad River on the 11th instant. The ground was thoroughly scouted. No reserves or gun-boats within reach. There was every chance of success; no element that I could see of failure. Owing to the rawness of some of the oarsmen and some other contretemps, the expedition did not arrive at the east side of Broad River till 4.30 a.m. Tide too low for the heavier boats to land and daylight too near for the requisite secrecy. The expedition returned. It is doubtful whether the enemy heard us or not. There was some talking when the boats got aground. Upon a given signal by Captain Magee (firing of a rocket to be carried round to Port Royal Ferry,

