HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General COLQUITT,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: You will move your brigade to the position assigned it to the right of the railroad. The major-general commanding would call you especial attention to the necessity of requiring the strict use of sinks, and of adopting a thorough system of police in this camp. By order of Major-General Anderson:

J. F. LAY,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Pocotaligo, March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN:

GENERAL: I have recently had closely reconnoitered, by my scouts, a blockader that has been lying for a year past at the mouth of the Ashepoo River. Private Crowel, of the signal corps, a half brother of Captain Hartshorne, served 9 years in the U. S. Navy. He got within a mile and a half of her with a tolerable glass. He pronounces her a corvette of about 800 tons burden, with four guns on a side-probably two more as bow and stern chasers. Top of bulwarks about 12 feet from water line; complement of crew, 250 men. Her position is half a mile west of Otter Island. This precise position she has kept for months past. A pilot-boat is anchored a half mile up the river; it is supposed with reference to guard against torpedoes.

The intermediate streams would be navigable from Charleston as far as mouth of Mosquito Creek by one of the Davids. Whether that creek would be navigable for such a boat at high water I am not sure, but my impression is it would be. This would carry her to Bennett's Point, the end of what is marked on the map as Bear Island. Coal could be brought from the Jacksonborough depot to this point. From this point it would be 9 miles by the channel between Otter Island and Fenwick's Island to the corvette. It would be necessary to come from Saint Helena Sound in order to avoid the tender on guard on the river side, and to insure greater secrecy by an attack from an unexpected quarter. By taking advantage of a flood tide, she could easily get to a position of safety after doing her work. If the plan is considered feasible, I will have any further information obtained that may be considered desirable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 15, 1864.

Major A. B. NOYES,

Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you take active measures to supply for an indefinite period at least 12,000 troops in this district, and to keep constantly on hand not less

