
regiment of infantry, and some light guns, the number not known. The gun-boats watching its west bank.

There are no shells here for the 18-pounders. A requisition has been forwarded for the them. Major Stamens will probably arrive opposite your post with his cavalry to-morrow. Let the Weed convoy the steamers on their return trips to the gun-boat lying below the flats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Arty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 140. Hilton Head, S. C., April 4, 1864.

I. The Second Battalion of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry will proceed immediately to Hilton Head and report to Colonel J. B. Howell, commanding district. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 5, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE:

GENERAL: I send you the list of veteran regiments which have up to this date rendezvous here, viz:

Command.	 Aggrega	 Character of arms.

 te.

39th Illinois (ten companies).	 530	 Springfield

 	 rifles.

25th Ohio (nine companies).	 460	 Do.

62th Ohio (ten companies).	 425	 Springfield and

 	 Austrian rifles.

67th Ohio (ten companies).	 485	 Springfield

 	 rifles.

46th Pennsylvania Infantry	 46	 No arms.

(recruits).

24th Massachusetts (detachment).	 350	 Do.

In addition, there are recruits for nearly all the regiments in the Department of the South,numbering about 1,500, now arriving here.

Please give Captain Smith a list of the regiments you propose leaving in the Department of the South; it is possible the detachment and recruits for them may be forwarded to Hilton Head while the Tenth Corps is coming north.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,[April 5, 1864].

Confidential memorandum for General Meigs:

General Grant has directed General Gillmore, with about 10,000 men, to report at Fort Monroe. I understand that General Gillmore

