
than ten days' rations of meat and breadstuffs. Your supplies should be principally accumulated on the line of the Peninsula and Georgia Railroad, between Quincy and the Suwannee River, most of them at Madison, Monticello, &amp;c., only keeping enough on the Apalachicola River to supply the troops now there, and but slight supplies in South Florida, suitable for the small forces in that region. To accomplish this object (the supply of the army in Middle and East Florida), Major Noyes will bring to his assistance such officers of the subsistence department as may be found in this district who are not absolutely needed on other duties, and also such agents as may be necessary. In selecting your assistant you will not employ on this service nor, except in the most urgent cases, interfere with such commissaries as may be properly on duty with troops in the field; and in all cases where you need the services of an officer of your department you will make a written call for him through these headquarters.

As soon as practicable you will make a return of all officers of the subsistence department under your control, showing on what duty and where they are employed, suggesting also such changes or modifications of their duties as you may deem advisable. You will hold all under you to a strict accountability in their proper spheres, and will from time to time report to these headquarters any remissness or derelictions of duty among those charged with the important trust of supplying the troops.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HARRIS,

Commanding, Waldo, Fla.:

COLONEL: Your communications of this date are received and have been submitted to the major-general commanding. Your course relative to the expected raid up the Ocklawaha is approved. In the event of Colonel Anderson's falling back from his present position, you are expected to join him with all the cavalry under your command, including Captain Dickison's company.

The general declines acceding to your proposition relative to sending your dismounted men to get horses, but will consider special applications in these cases. In forwarding such applications you will indorse your opinion as to the probability of the man's procuring a horse if the furlough is granted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEDICAL PURVEYOR'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Having to make a requisition in a few day on the medical purveyor at Columbia, S. C., for medical and hospital supplies,

