
CAMP MILTON,

Near Jacksonville, Fla., March 16, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

All quiet here. One brigade of enemy at Palatka. Some additional troops arrived yesterday at Jacksonville. His present force in Florida estimated at 15,000. Place General Evans on duty, but order Generals Hill, Gilmer, and Trapier to investigate his case as provided by law.

12.30 P. M.

Should General Hill assume command in South Carolina, cannot Major Hutson Lee be assigned to him and Major Willis to department? I may wish to transfer my headquarters to Savannah in course of spring, which might not suit former.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 16, 1864.

Major E. C. SIMKINS,

Chief Quartermaster:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you take measures as promptly as practicable to concentrate enough railroad transportation in telegraphic reach to move a brigade of infantry from Baldwin to any point on the Florida Railroad where their services may be needed. As the concentration of the rolling-stock at any one point would interfere with the supply of the troops, you are instructed to make your arrangements with the view of being able to move the troops promptly, and interfering as little as possible with the transportation of supplies.

By order of Major-General Anderson:

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 17, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

The First South Carolina Cavalry and Second South Carolina Cavalry have been ordered to South Carolina. The Fourth South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Rutledge, the Fifth South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Dunovant, the Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Aiken, the Seventh Georgia Cavalry, Colonel White, the remaining companies of Colonel Millen's (Georgia) battalion, and the cavalry companies of Captains Tucker, Wallace, Boykin, Trenholm, and Magee have been ordered to Virginia. Prepare them for movement without delay in light marching order with their wagon trains; the heavy baggage will come by railroad. Orders sent by mail. General Hampton will superintend the movement.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

