
CHARLESTON, S. C., March 17, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

But four monitors are off harbor; one was taken off in tow yesterday. Farragut is not in command of fleet.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 17, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

All remains quiet. Number of vessels at Hilton Head but sixty-nine, of which thirty-six are schooners. General Cooper ordered Captain Otey to Richmond with papers to show strength of all regiments in department; sent him to-day with the information. Am pushing the completion of the David torpedo-boats. Can employ Major Cooke here.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

No. 6. Savannah, March 17, 1864.

Major-General Gilmer resumes the command of the Military District of Georgia and Third Military District of South Carolina, headquarters as heretofore, at Savannah.

By command of Major-General Gilmer:

J. H. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Milton, Fla., March 17, 1864.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: From reports of scouts and examination of deserters, the following facts with reference to the movements of the troops of the enemy in the direction of Palatka would seem to embody the truth: That on Wednesday, the 9th of March, 1864, an expedition left Jacksonville for Palatka, consisting of two gun-boats and three transport steamers, having aboard about 1,400 men, constituting three regiments of infantry (white) and five negro companies, with seven pieces of field artillery, with horses, &amp;c., but no cavalry, the whole force under the command of Colonel Barton. These troops reached Palatka on Wednesday night or Thursday morning, and on Friday commenced work on intrenchments and rifle-pits. One of the gun-boats left, whether up or down is not positively known. Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, on Sunday, March 13, reported a movement in the direction of Orange Springs, or Silver Springs, to meet which prompt measures were taken. This report has as yet not been verified, nor have we any news from the expedition.

Respectfully,

JNO. F. LAY,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

