
completed to enable you to give battle at that point, with all the chances of success in your favor, notwithstanding the disparity in numbers. I have ordered Colonel Harris to prepare positions on those works for the guns of the Siege Train and the 32-pounder rifled intended for the new battery ordered on Fleming's Island.

Should the enemy advance upon you from Jacksonville, you should retire on Baldwin slowly, drawing him after you. About one brigade will take position in the lines there, with some cavalry on the left; the other two brigades and main body of cavalry will take position on the right, ready to take the enemy flank and rear by advancing between the Little and Big Cypress Swamps, should he attack the lines in front. In the event of his again being defeated, he should be pursued vigorously by the cavalry on his flanks and the infantry on his rear. Should the enemy divide his force by re-enforcing strongly those already at Palatka, the proposed battery at Fleming's Island on the Saint John's should be constructed at once, and torpedoes put in the river so as to prevent its navigation. Should the enemy, after fortifying strongly Jacksonville and Palatka, leave those two places with only a strong garrison in each a battery should be put up at once near the mouth of Trout Creek, a few miles below Jacksonville, to cut off its communication with the month of the river; this would insure the fall or evacuation of both places. Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer of the department, will remain with your for the present; and has received my general instructions relative to the works referred to. As soon as you shall be able to dispense with his service, you will send him to make the necessary examinations about Saint Mark's and Tallahassee to guard those important points from any attack by the Gulf. Captain E. Pliny Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, is in charge of the torpedoes to be put in the Saint John's River. He must consult Colonel Harris as to their location. Captain B. is also a very good signal officer, capable of reading the enemy's signals; he would be a good inspector of that branch of the service.

You will please keep me well advised at Charleston of all the movements of the enemy in your district; a telegram should be sent at least every other day. I will endeavor to rejoin you as soon as practicable, especially should the enemy intend any offensive movement in your front. Look well to your means of transportation, your ammunition, and commissary supplies.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., March 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the War Department, for its information.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

ORGANIZATION OFFICE, April 6, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

