
CHARLESTON, S. C., March 23, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Have returned here to make best disposition practicable incident to the departure of the cavalry ordered to Virginia. It has become more urgent than over to have an efficient officer of higher rank than brigadier-general to command in South Carolina. General Hill has not entered on duty; he is awaiting an answer to his communication to you from this place.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 23, 1864.

Brigadier General W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Seventh Military District, James Island:

Please have a 12-pounder bronze howitzer at Battery Tatom sent, with implements and ammunition, to Captain Ingraham, central ordnance depot in this city.

By order:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, March 24, 1864.

(Received 4.10, 27th.)

General S. COOPER:

I wrote on the 4th and 17th, declining the position tendered until the promise given me of a clear record shall be complied with.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Pocotaligo, March 25, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I inclose the report of my ordnance officer, calling attention to the deficiency of cartridges. Major N. R. Chambliss is in error if he supposes that 28 cartridges are a sufficient supply for a command to go into a fight. If we had acted upon this impression we would have lost many of the battles during this war, that of Pocotaligo among them, where the average expenditure of cartridges was 60, some men expending 80. Without a reserve supply of ammunition I cannot propose to hold this line, especially for small arms.

I would here call attention to the impracticability of carrying out the orders from headquarters of the Ordnance Department at Richmond to draw the loads till ball screws are furnished upon the requisitions sent in.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

