
[Inclosure.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,

Pocotaligo, March 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER:

GENERAL: I respectfully beg leave to report that there is a great want of Enfield cartridges in this district. I have made every effort to obtain them but have failed, the requisitions being returned by Major N. R. Chambliss, commanding arsenal, disapproved, with the remark that 28 rounds per man was sufficient. The companies recently sent from Georgia are very badly supplied, 60 men having only 600 cartridges, other companies having more than 28 rounds. I see no way of equalizing the number unless they are taken from one company to supply the others, thereby rendering the company from which they are taken less efficient. I would also state that there are no Enfield cartridges in the store-house, in case of a fight, to supply the command with any extra.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. ELLIOTT,

Ordnance Officer, Third Military District.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, March 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, calling special attention to the deficiency represented by General Walker. It should be supplied without delay.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred for information and remarks of Colonel Waddy, chief ordnance officer.

By command of General Beauregard:

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,Charleston, March 31, 1864.

Respectfully returned to department headquarters, reiterating my indorsement of 14th instant, viz, inclosing copy of a letter from Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Clay, of Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, dated 22nd June, 1863; also copy of a letter from Colonel Gorgas, of 10th December, 1863, under whose instructions the commander of the arsenal here is obliged to act. These instructions being in direct conflict with paragraph III, General Orders, No. 126, from department headquarters, series 1862, and in compliance with which requisitions are made upon me, I respectfully refer the whole subject to the commanding general, for his information and further action, earnestly hoping he will have this subject decided as soon as possible.

J. R. WADDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Ordnance Officer of Dept.

