
[Inclosures.]

CIRCULAR.] ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 22, 1863.

By direction of the Secretary of War, the following circular is addressed to army and department commanders for their guidance:

1. The practice of issuing on the eve of an expected engagement 20 rounds of ammunition to the infantry, over and above the capacity of the cartridge-boxes, will be discontinued, except on the special order of the general commanding an army or department.

2. Issues of cartridges, except to cover expenditures in battle, will be limited to 3 cartridges per man per month, for the whole effective strength of any army or of the forces serving in any department. Supplies to cover expenditure in battle will be furnished on separate requisitions, specifying the battle in which the ammunition to be replaced was consumed.

3. The Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance will give instructions to the several arsenals charged with the supply of troops under the circular of March 31, 1863, approved by the Secretary of War, to regulate issues accordingly.

All issues are to be made on requisitions approved by the chief of ordnance of the army or department requiring the supplies, except in cases of evident emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Richmond, December 10, 1863.

Major J. T. TREZEVANT,

Commanding C. S. Arsenal, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your present stock of lead must be husbanded to the utmost. It will be well to reduce your laboratory operations, and on no account exceed the consumption of 10,000 pounds per month, no matter from what source derived. The issues to armies must be limited to 3 rounds per man per month, as directed in a late circular from the War Department. Accounts must be opened against each separate command, and chief ordnance officers notified.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

P. S.-Place one-sixth of all the small-arms cartridges manufactured in permanent reserve, not to be issued except on special orders from this office.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 25, 1864.

Honorable W. P. MILES,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The telegram submitted by me to General Bragg at your request has been returned, with the statement that the order withdrawing a portion of the cavalry from General Beauregard's command was given by the President himself, after mature deliberation;

