
except in cipher, has gone forth to the enemy with official sanction. They are virtually invited to take advantage of it. I cannot agree with Mr. Miles that the public good many thus be jeopardied that the private interests of his constituents may be represented.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 26, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Ashepoo, S. C.:

The cavalry commands in your district directed to proceed to Virginia by Special Orders, No. 65, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, March 18, 1864, will not move until express orders from these headquarters are received.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

(Copy sent to Brigadier General H. A. Wise, Adams's Run, S. C.; Major General J. F. Gilmer, Savannah, Ga.; Brigadier General W. S. Walker, Pocotaligo, S. C., and Brigadier General W. B. Taliaferro, Royall's, James Island.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT,DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,

March 26, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The execution of paragraph 29, Special Orders, No. 65, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office,* leaves me in a most deplorably destitute condition. I telegraphed yesterday to you for instructions. As a military necessity, I have determined to retain 2 couriers from Davis' company, Fifth South Carolina Cavalry, at my headquarters until some arrangement can be made by which I can communicate with my command. These will be the only mounted men I have in the entire district. I also consider it vitally important to keep Saunders (my scout), as he is the only man I have acquainted with the neighboring islands.

The interests of the service alone prompt me to make these representations, and I do so with the hope that the commanding general may authorize me to retain these 3 men, even temporarily, and order them to join their companies as soon as relieved by others. My line of defense is not yet completed, and the necessary suspension of work will materially delay operations upon the important work now being erected at "Burnett's," on Combahee River. It can be completed by 50 workmen in twenty days, and I would therefore urgently request that this number be sent me from Charleston if possible. As situated at present, I cannot spare a single man for this purpose, and it is believed the citizens of this district have already furnished more than their just proportion of labor. As I

*Ordering the Seventh Georgia and Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth South Carolina Cavalry Regiments, and battalion of Twentieth Georgia, to Army of Northern Virginia.

