
I will accompany and share the danger, and offer any and every suggestion in my power, and from my thorough knowledge of the geographical position of the country, the roads, &amp;c., might be of service, but I would respectfully and earnestly urge that an officer of military experience in the field be put in charge, and I know none whom I think would prove more efficient than Captain Boykin, whom I have posted between this and the Saluda River, ready at a moment's notice to strike the enemy on the Jones' or Saluda Gap turnpikes, or near the Table Mountain or Caesar's Head roads.

I have at the risk of boring both yourself and the commanding general given at great length these views. They have impressed me as being of the utmost importance to this section of the country, and in fact to the whole Confederacy. Outside of Boykin's company I have not two rounds of ammunition in the world, and the patrol under my command have been supplied entirely for months past by the generosity of private individuals. I am so seriously convinced that the enemy will make a raid upon us that nothing but the evidence of the future will change my conviction. My duty had now been discharged to my country, and if it has taxed your patience too far to read this, party attribute it to my interest in the cause, and not to a desire to occupy your time unnecessarily.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. D. ASHMORE,

Major, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the War Department, for its information, and such instructions as it may judge proper in the case.

I fully concur in the views expressed and recommendation made by Major Ashmore, who is an intelligent, zealous, and reliable officer; but it is entirely out of my power to send him any re-enforcements of cavalry or infantry, especially since about one-half of the former arm of the service has been ordered to Virginia. All my available movable infantry is still in Florida.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

ORGANIZATION OFFICE,

April 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Bragg.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

