
[Fourth indorsement.]

MAY 8, 1864.

The only available forces have been ordered to Colonel Palmer's district.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

Major RIELY:

This comes so late (two months after date) that no action is required.

H. L. CLAY.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST NORTH CAROLINA,Asheville, March 19, 1864.

Major J. D. ASHMORE,

Commanding Post, Greenville:

MAJOR: I have just returned from the southwest portion of my district. The Federals lately in Cherokee and Clay left just before I reached there. I have established a permanent post at the mouth of Tuckaseegee, in Macon County, and have also stationed a battalion in Cherokee and Clay. My great difficulty is going to be the procuring of forage and breadstuffs. I trust you will afford such assistance as you consistently can to my commissary and quartermaster agents who may visit Greenville and Walhalla to procure supplies. I shall write to you soon on the subject of the defense of the southwest portion of my district, a subject of some interest to your service of South Carolina.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, March 26, 1864.

Colonel R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your communication, dated 9 p.m., has been submitted to the major-general commanding, who is of the opinion that the mission of the tug-boat to Read's Wharf was only a pretext to reconnoiter that point, and that great vigilance will be needed to guard the scout there against a surprise that may very probably be attempted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, March 27, 1864.

(Received 9.40, 28th.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

My approval to telegram of certain gentlemen to Colonel Miles some days ago was simply done at their request when refused transmission by telegraph. I conceived I had no right to prevent communication between the principal citizens of community and their member of Congress. That telegram was not transmitted until after

