
CHARLESTON, S. C., March 28, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

Will keep you advised of enemy's movements much as practicable. Will afford you whatever assistance I can, but am again being weakened for other points. Having my cavalry in good order and condition seems to be a criminal offense.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 28, 1864-11 a.m.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Commanding, &c., Savannah, Ga.:

Cavalry order must be obeyed regardless of consequences. I have at present no other cavalry to send you. Make best disposition of that you have left. Your telegram will be referred to War Department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MARCH 29, 1864.

General TRAPIER:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that your communication of the 27th instant, referring to the necessity of abandoning a portion of the Fourth Military District, has been received and forwarded for the information of the War Department. In the mean time you must make the best disposition you can of the troops left in your district for the protection of the whole, if practicable; otherwise of those parts most vital to the interests of the State and Confederacy. The disposition you propose General Beauregard considers judicious. Whenever the troops now in Florida return it is hoped one battalion of infantry may be spared for your district.

H. W. FEILDEN.

CHARLESTON, March 29, 1864.

Colonel A. J. GONZALES,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: Agreeably to your orders I have the honor to report my inspection upon Sullivan's Island.

Battery Bee, upon the western extremity, is not yet quite completed, though a number of laborers are engaged upon it. Its armament is in an effective condition, the guns all working well and protected by merlons. The magazines are dry and kept with neatness. The ammunition in them, as far as could be judged without examining each cartridge, is in good order; the implements new. There are three chambers which have no cannon, which, I presume, will be furnished when necessity of opportunity requires.

Battery Marion, connected with Battery Bee, is neatly policed. The platform for the 7-inch Brooke gun has settled from its true position; the parapets in one or two places have a disposition to

