
of the magazines much encumbered with shell. A room constructed for such projectiles is decidedly to be preferred. There are some field pieces (6-pounders) upon the island, apparently not under command of any one as yet, as I could not learn anything connected with them from two or three officers with whom I conversed. A 32-pounder banded rifle not mounted is lying upon the beach. In addition to the batteries in position upon the south shore of the island, a section of light artillery is each night brought from the main to protect the beach. Lacquer and paint would improve the appearance of the batteries, and preserve both guns and carriages. In some of the magazines upon Sullivan's Island there was bedding, some of the men sleeping in them. I do not know if there be any necessity, but presume there must be reasons for it, without which the commanding officer would scarcely permit a custom so unusual. I mention this fact only in connection with the inspection.

Upon the main, Battery Gary has two 8-inch columbiads, its magazine dry, and ammunition in good order. Here also you will notice a large excess of projectiles, most of them being round shot. As this battery commands the bridge leading from Sullivan's Island to the main, it should be amply provided with canister and grape, of which latter they have only four stands per gun. The battery requires new sponges. It should have an additional elevating bar.

Battery Kinloch is entirely out of order, with a damp magazine, and the implements and tackling for working the gun much abused. In your absence it has been recommended to department headquarters that the ammunition be removed, as well as the gun tackles. It is unpleasant for me again to report the want of care which infantry guards at batteries have displayed since I have been upon inspecting duty in this department, and beg leave again to suggest the assignment of a non-commissioned officer of artillery at all batteries not garrisoned. The parapet is low, by reason of the character of the carriages used, but not injured. As the battery is not as important as those upon the island, I would not recommend the applying of labor there, if such is to be taken from other works in the harbor.

Continued unfavorable weather and other circumstances beyond my control have prevented my inspecting the light batteries upon the main, which shall be done at the first opportunity.

Respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

G. U. MAYO,

Major of Artillery.

P. S.-I append a report of the ammunition in each of the batteries named in the above report. Each separate cartridge was not examined, but from the general inspection none of them were found damp or caked.

Respectfully,

G. U. M.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,Charleston, March 30, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

If the 32-pounder rifle lying on the beach is a leaky one it has been previously recommended to have it sent to the arsenal for repair, and the recommendation is believed to have been approved.

