
employed from the United States, will, as far as expedient, be employed on the Government works, receiving proper compensation for their services.

All refugees or deserters who may bring horses or mules into the Union lines be paid their full value.

T. A. HENDERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal, Dist. of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Palatka, Fla., April 5, 1864.

Lieutenant R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Arty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, and to state that I have conveyed to Captain Smith the very complimentary message of the brigadier-general commanding the district.

Everything here since my last has been quiet with the exception of occasional demonstrations against the pickets, which have resulted in no harm to us. I sent the Weed this morning up the Saint John;'s for the purpose of destroying several flats and other boats, which she succeeded in doing without any difficulty. The wharf on the east bank of the Saint John's is progressing rapidly, and I hope to have it completed this week; meanwhile I have arranged to cross Major Stevens' command over at a point farther up where the steamer can approach very near the shore.

I have directed the Houghton and Mary Benton to be sent to Jacksonville at daylight, in order that they may be available for any purpose required to-morrow p. m. The Weed conveys them to the flats.

I would respectfully call the attention of the commanding general to the inclosed communication from Lieutenant Avery, acting commissary of subsistence, showing our status as to supplies. We are also greatly in need clothing, of which we have none, many of the men being ragged in the extreme. Requisitions for both supplies and clothing are already in.

I send to the district provost-marshal 2 prisoners of was, recently captured by Captain Smith, one of them a scout belonging to Dickison's company; also Captains Cabell and Tumblin in regard t whose crossing the lines I recently spoke to the commanding general. I think that they (the latter) should be sent to Hilton Head and detained there until the information of which they have undoubtedly become possessed shall have grown old.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eight New Volunteers. Commanding
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., April 6, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Northern District., Dept. of the South:

CAPTAIN: In answer to your communication of the 3rd instant, requesting me to forward to your headquarters a report of the events

