
it is certain that the crop of this will be much shorter than that of last year. Now two large armies look almost solely to Florida to supply one entire article of subsistence. The entire surplus of this year's crop of bacon throughout the Confederacy, even when husbanded with the utmost economy, will be inadequate to the demands of the Government. This makes it the duty of every man to economize as much as possible-to sell not a pound to any one else while there is any danger of our army suffering, and to pledge at schedule rates his entire surplus bacon, beef, sugar, and syrup to the Government. I solemnly believe our cause is hopeless unless our people can be brought to this point.

I have thought it my duty to address this confidential circular to the principal men in various sections of the State, and invoke their aid and co-operation with the purchasing commissaries and Government agents in their districts in inaugurating and putting into operation some system by which our armies can be more promptly supplied, and all of our resources which are necessary secured to the Government. The appeals to me are more and more urgent every day; the pressure upon our State is very great. Should she now respond to the call made upon her resources as she has upon the bloodiest battle-fields of the war, the measure of her glory will be full. But if we withhold our supplies we cripple our army and render it impossible for them to advance after achieving the most signal victories. The people at home must put themselves upon a war footing. This they have never yet done. They must sow and plant and gather for the Government. Then, and not till then, will the bright rays of peace break through the clouds of war which overhangs us.

P. W. WHITE,

Major and Chief Commissary.

P. S.-You are specially requested not to allow this circular to go out of your possession, but to read it to such persons as you know to be true and prudent, and to begin the work contemplated immediately.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 31, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: If there be anything I do like it is to help a friend in distress, but I fear you ask me too much in your letter of the 26th instant. We have but three of those torpedo-boats ready and they belong to a company, not to the Government; they have been placed, however, at my service for this department. Moreover they are too large, I believe, for transportation on the cars. I shall commence using them against the blockaders as soon as dark nights will permit; then prepare yourself to hear of terrible doings about this harbor. The navy has the real "David" in its possession, but it seems to have exhausted itself in its attack on the Ironsides. It now keeps company with the gun-boats. With regard to material assistance in troops, I can do nothing until the return of those I have sent to Florida. When that will be depends on the movements of the enemy now there. A large portion of my cavalry is under orders for Virginia. I fear still further reductions of my forces here. I

