
hope the enemy will not take again advantage of it, as he did last July. I believe those surf-boats you speak of are intended for my benefit or yours, either at Sullivan's Island beach or at Deep or New Topsail Inlet. I fear that "thou art the man." Are you prepared along that coast of Hanover? If my supposition be correct I will do all I can to assist you as fast as my troops return from Florida.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 1, 1864.

Colonel R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: An expedition, consisting of a section of artillery and 120 infantry, has gone to the wreck of the Maple Leaf at McIntosh's Point, on the Saint John's River. It moves by the Black Creek road, thence down the McIntosh road to the Saint John's River, and should arrive there by daylight.

The major-general commanding directs that you send a small scout, under an active, intelligent officer, on the south side of McGirt's Creek toward Saddler's Point, with instructions to send any important news he may discover to Captain E. Pliny Bryan, at McIntosh's Point. The expedition is expected to return to-morrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 1, 1864.

Captain GRIEVE,

First Georgia Regulars:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to communicate to you the following instructions for your guidance in the expedition you are engaged it:

You will proceed to McIntosh's Point, on the Saint John's River, via the Black Creek and McIntosh roads, picketing the road that goes from Middleburg by Mrs. Jones' to Cedar Creek and timing your march so as to arrive at McIntosh's Point by daylight. You will then communicate with Captain E. Pliny Bryan and co-operate with him in his attempt to destroy the wreck of the steamer at that point, whether an enemy is in sight or not. You will fire a few shots with your artillery to give the enemy the idea that a battery is located there. You will be careful not to prolong your stay enough to expose your command to the danger of being cut off by a force moving out from Jacksonville, on your rear, but should you find an opportunity to do anything considerable by a short delay, you are authorized to remain as long as the risk of your being cut off from your line of retreat by a force from Jacksonville will render prudent. Colonel Anderson, commanding the cavalry, has been directed to send a scout out on the south side of McGirt's Creek, toward Saddler's Point, with orders to communicate anything important that they may discover to you.

