
sights. Its implements are in good order, as well as the ammunition, but the harness needs repairing, for which there is no leather. Some parts of the iron-work require refixing, as was indicated by the breaking of the pole yoke, coming apart from the carriage upon the drill. The forge and battery wagons are in good order. The horses are not very good, being only average. The military appearance and drill of the men are good, and I am informed by the lieutenant commanding the section that such officers as are attached to it are of sober habits. The camp is in fair order.

Second. German Artillery, commanded at present by First Lieutenant N. Bischoff, is the most efficient battery in the district, being kept neat in every way. The camp is well arranged and policed. The implements of the battery good, as well as the horses, which are superior to those of any other artillery in the district. The harness needs some repair. The drill and military appearance of this command are excellent, and the officers, I am informed, are of temperate habits. Some of the ammunition of this battery is in bad order, and the supply deficient. Lieutenant Bischoff had obtained recruits not yet supplied with equipments. The forge and battery wagons are in good order, but the pole yoke of both have been removed and placed on carriages, which were issued from the State ordnance department without them.

Third. Orleans Guard Light Battery, Captain G. Le Gardeur, jr.: Implements generally in order, as well as the harness and ammunition, which have both been recently issued. The camp is in fair order, but the horses of the battery are in wretched condition, and certainly inadequate to a campaign. Mud is noticed in the bore of the guns of this battery. The forge and battery wagons are in good order. The military appearance of the men is good, and I am informed the officers of the command are of sober habits.

Fourth. Macbeth Light Artillery, Captain B. A. Jeter: Guns in good order; implements, fair; horses, average. The ammunition was fund to be, in one or two instances, caked, and a part of it of an old issue, having gone through the campaign on the Mississippi, and upon striking some of the cartridges dust came from them, as if the powder had become pulverized from constant jostling in the chest. I would recommend that Captain Jeter be ordered to detach some of the cartridges from the projectiles, to learn if this be the case, and if it be, to sift the dust from them, supplying the deficiency with new powder. Captain Jeter informs me that a board of survey has condemned his harness. I could not see that such is yet necessary, as I have known batteries which harness inferior to his stand, with repair, the campaign in the Department of the Mississippi. Leather should be supplied him for repairs as a matter of economy, at least in sufficient quantity to keep the traces and tugs in a substantial condition, one side each of bridle and harness. Iron tugs may, indeed, be made, and will answer the purpose. The forage and battery wagons are in good order. The military appearance of the men is good, and the camp kept in good order. I am informed by the captain that the officers are of sober habits. The batteries commanded respectively by Captain Le Gardeur, jr., and Captain Jeter were not drilled because of the lateness of the hour, the constant demands upon the quartermaster for boats, and my being in a borrowed ambulance. In a day or two I will be able to ride on horseback, which will render my independent of any headquarters for a conveyance.

