
Synopsis of orders based on report of inspection of light artillery, of April 2, 1864.

Order Numbers 1, page 1, paragraph I: The commanding officer of the Santee Light Artillery will make requisition for such sights as are required of this battery, as well as such quantity of bridle and harness leather as may be necessary to repair his harness. He will also taken steps to have the iron-work of his battery thoroughly repaired. He will in future exact more attention from his subordinates in the grooming of their horses.

Order Numbers 2, page 1, paragraph II: The commanding officer of the German Artillery will make requisition for such quantity of bridle and harness leather as may be necessary to repair his harness.

Page 2, paragraph II: He will have his defective ammunition returned, and will make requisition for such quantity as may then be requisite to supply the deficiency. He will take steps to have poly yokes supplied for such of his carriages as may need them.

Order, No. 3, page 2, paragraph III: The attention of Captain Lee Gardeur, commanding Orleans Guard Light Battery, is called to the unserviceable condition of his horses. He will in future given proper attention to their grooming, and to their being in condition for service. Mud and rubbish which may collect in the bore of his guns during marches will, upon reaching camp, be at once removed.

Order, Numbers 4, page 2, paragraph IV: Captain B. A. Jeter, commanding Macbeth Light Artillery, will at once make requisition for sheep skins to repair his sponges, and such ammunition as may be damaged will be turned into the ordnance department.

Page 3, paragraph IV: It is enjoined upon Captain Jeter to examine the cartridges of old issue and ascertain if the powder be to any extent pulverized. If so, the dust will be sifted and the consequent reduction made up with new powder. Should he have no means of sifting it, if will be turned into the ordnance department, and requisition made for corresponding supply.

Page 3, paragraph IV: He will make requisition on the chief ordnance officer for one side of bridle and one of harness leather for repairs of his harness.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 25. Camp Milton, April 2, 1864.

* * * *

III. During the temporary absence of Brigadier-General Finegan his duties at this post will devolve upon Brigadier General A. H. Colquitt.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Anderson:

WM. G. BARTH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, April 4, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Supply of transportation in this department is entirely insufficient. The cavalry arriving from Virginia has only one wagon per regiment. Cannot cavalry sent hence to Virginia leave either wagons and teams here?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

26 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

