
The men thus selected may be allowed to exchange, when desire it, with others who would otherwise remain behind. The surplus will remain under your command in temporary charge of competent officers.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAVANNAH, April 4, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Following dispatch just received from Lieutenant Colonel V. Sheliha, chief engineer at Mobile:

Carelessness caused a fire near dry-dock, by which the camels built for the Tennessee were entirely destroyed last night. Loss of materials and tools serious. This destroys much material that was collected for the land defense, and turned over to the navy.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 4, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE P. HARRISON, JR.,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you detach one of your regiments, in light marching order, with four days' cooked rations, arms, and ammunition, 40 rounds in their cartridge-boxes, and litters, to proceed by railroad to Waldo, there to report to Brigadier-General Finegan. Should Brigadier-General Finegan have left Waldo, the commanding officer will immediately follow on the route taken by General Finegan, and by forced marches over-take him. The train to take the regiment will be here about 8 p. m. this day, and the major-general desires that you have the troops ready to embark without delaying it a moment longer than necessary.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 5, 1864.

Lieutenant J. L. DOGGETT,

Signal Officer, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: It is understood that our signal book f ell into the hands of the enemy when he advanced on John's Island, in January last. Please make the proper inquiries into this important matter, and if necessary have the key-word changed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

