
General Beauregard desires me to express to you his regret at not being able to keep your brigade together as he most earnestly desires, but the want of sufficient troops in the department, and the system of independent districts, compel the adoption of the present system, which alone can prevent the enemy from obtaining a foothold on the main, by which he would necessarily turn the adjacent districts.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,

Charleston, S. C., April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON and W. S. WALKER:

GENERALS: The commanding general directs me to transmit for your information the following extract from an order issued from these headquarters to-day:

Two army torpedo steamers, under the command of Capts. August Duqucron and E. R. Mackay, will proceed by inland navigation and attack the enemy's vessels in the waters of Saint Helena Sound and Port Royal or their tributary streams. The sole control and management of the expedition will devolve on Captain Duqucron, and all orders emanating from him will be obeyed. Captain Duqucron will take the earliest opportunity to communicate to district commanders his presence in the waters of their districts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 6, 1864,

Major General J. PATTON ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Camp Milton, Fla.:

Your three dispatches of the 5th are received. Act according to emergency of the case. I will send you additional re-enforcements.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Operators on the road must be careful to send these messages as addressed and signed with the initials as given.

G. T. B.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 7, 1864.

Major General PATTON ANDERSON,

Baldwin, Fla.:

GENERAL: I inclose you herewith the following simple cipher for future use in important telegrams to these headquarters. For very important telegrams the diplomatic cipher should be used. Please inform me of its reception.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

