
[Inclosure.]

A by M

B K

C O

D A

E N

F C

G W

H R

I S

J V

K H

L X

M P

N L

O U

P I

Q G

R Y

S E

T Z

U F

V Q

W D

X T

Y B

Z J

Example: Charleston-Ormyxnezul.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 7, 1864.

Major E. C. SIMKINS,

Chief Quartermaster:

MAJOR: There are at Gainesville, in charge of Major Hamilton, a very large quantity of subsistence stores in proportion to the demand existing there, viz, 4,000 pounds of bacon, 3,000 bushels of shelled corn, 75 bushels of peas, 4 hogsheads of sugar, 3 barrels of sugar, 12 barrels of syrup, 2 barrels and 1 sack of salt, and a tierce of rough rice. In quartermaster's department 2,000 bushels of corn in shuck, and at the depots of tax in kind about 10,000 bushels of corn. At Waldo there are 20 barrels of syrup, 18 hogsheads of sugar, 5 barrels of sugar taking care of itself.

These subsistence supplies the major-general commanding directs you to have removed to Baldwin, leaving only a sufficient supply with Major Hamilton for current supply of troops being rationed by him. You will also endeavor to draw your forage supplies as far as practicable from this section (i. e., Gainesville and vicinity), sparing the resources of Middle Florida for future occasions. Major Hamilton reports that in addition to the corn on hand in the tax-in-kind depots, there can be as much more obtained by purchase in his neighborhood. The details of this removal are necessarily left to your direction, but the major-general desires me to impress upon you the importance of an early removal of the subsistence stores, and of using, as far as possible, forage from the section referred to, in place of Middle Florida.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 7, 1864.

Colonel W. B. TABB,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 5th instant, asking instructions as to the course to be pursued by Lieutenant-Colonel Harris in the event of certain emergencies, I am instructed to send you a copy of a distant on the subject sent by telegraph:

CAMP MILTON, April 5, 1864.

Colonel TABB,

Waldo:

In case of advance from Jacksonville, Colonel Harris must observe former instructions. In case of advance from Palatka, without corresponding movement from Jacksonville, he must resist it, and cover front. Your infantry may be concentrated

