
BATTERY GLOVER, April 9, 1864-3 p. m.

(Via Royall's.)

Major W. H. ECHOLS:

Your dispatch received. There has been a force at work at Fort Johnson each and every day since it was flooded. Brigadier General Johnson Hagood is mistaken. The damage done at Simkins was immediately attended to; the fatigue party was immediately called for. Fort Johnson has been drained. The water now in it amounts to nothing.

P. C. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant, Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

C. S. ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, SOUTH CAROLINA,

Charleston, April 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters in reference to communication on same subject.

W. H. ECHOLS,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, April 9, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit memoranda on the fortifications of Sullivan's Island, and to submit certain remarks in continuation of those therein contained, and in relation to the defense of points included in my command. The cramped condition of gun chambers in the northeast outwork and eastern battery of Battery marshall is owing to the proximity of the rear traverses. To place traverses of this kind so near, while to a certain degree it may protect the guns from a reverse fire, uncertain generally, being at long range, in my opinion must increase to a very great and certain extent the injurious effect of direct fire, which, from the nature of the attack to be apprehended, must be more destructive as the enemy's approach, be it by siege or sea, advances. A shell coming over the parapet or through the embrasure must be arrested close to men and armament. The splinters of the projectile upon explosion escape from the earth, naturally by the line of least resistance, and with debris will be thrown immediately on gun and gunners, while the latter have small chance of escape or shelter. I have noticed frequency of such arrangement in other works in the vicinity of Charleston, and respectfully suggest that it should be avoided in the future as far as possible; hence the recommendation in the remarks, that the sand in the traverse in rear of gun-chambers Nos. 3 and 4 in the northeast outwork should cover the eastern bomb-proof, and the latter should be raised so high as to answer a purpose proposed to be effected by raising the traverse and furnishing it with a banquette on the west side. The infantry on the traverse will be exposed to the long-range reverse fire (uncertain, and which must slacken when necessary to occupy the banquette) in either case. The convenience and security of the chambers will be greatly increased and the work expedited by a week.

