
finished if sods were provided. The six-pounders on this part of the work are well protected. All them are provided with limber ammunition, and are manned by detachments from Battery Rutledge at night.

BATTERY RUTLEDGE.

Number. a	 Description of	 Condition	 Direction and extent of

 gun or mortar	 of	 field of fire.

 and carriage.	 carriage

 	 and

 	 equipments

1	 10-inch	 Good.	 Sweeps eastern beach

 columbiad;	 	 and seward to Morris

 barbette.	 	 Island.

2	 10-inch rifle;	 do.	 Shut off from Morris

 barbette.	 	 Island, but fires

 	 	 seward and toward

 	 	 harbor.

3	 10-inch	 do.	 Do.

 columbiad;

 barbette.

4	 do.	 do.	 Do.

5	 10-inch sea-	 ...	 Seaward and to Morris

 coast mortar;	 	 Island.

 siege.

6	 do.	 ...	 Do.

7	 do.	 ...	 Do.

a The guns are numbered from the east.

Traverses are between the heavy guns at Battery Rutledge, all in good order. The bomb-proof east of the 10-inch rifle is strong and well ventilated and capacious; the magazine and traverse also good. A strong hospital, bomb-proof, with room for twenty or thirty cots, is in rear of the magazine. It would be well, in my opinion, to connect the points with a covered way or gallery to facilitate passage under fire.

The mortar batteries are in a very bad state and require speedy attention. They have never been revetted, and the concussion has so shaken the parapets that they are next to none at all. With the exception of the mortar batteries Battery Rutledge appears in fine order, well supplied with ammunition, and its material well taken care of.

Captain Rivers, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry, commands, with one company of that regiment and a detachment of Captain Buist's company, of the Twenty-seventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Is hall speak of the mortar batteries on Sullivan's Island in accompanying communications, as well as in their order.

FORT MOULTRIE.

Number. a	 Description of	 Condition	 Direction and extend

 gun or mortar	 of	 of field of fire.

 and carriage.	 carriage

 	 and

 	 equipments

 Eastern

 outwork.

1	 10-inch sea-	 Good. 	 Seaward and to Morris

 coast mortar;	 	 Island.

 siege.

 Southeast face.

2	 32-pounder	 Good.	 Shut off from Morris

 rifle;	 	 Island, but covers

 barbette.	 	 beach in front of

 	 	 Rutledge and on

 	 	 Maffitt's Channel.

3	 10-inch	 do.	 Shut off from Morris

 columbiad;	 	 Island. Bears seaward

 barbette.	 	 about 40 degrees.

4	 do.	 do.	 Bears on Morris Island

 	 	 and seaward about 50

 	 	 degrees.

5	 do.	 do.	 Do.

6	 8-inch rifle;	 do.	 Do.

 barbette.

7	 10-inch	 do.	 Do.

 columbiad;

 barbette.

a The guns are numbered from eastern outwork around the fort.

