
FORT MOULTRIE-Continued.

Number. a	 Description of	 Condition	 Direction and extent

 gun or mortar	 of	 of field of fire.

 and carriage.	 carriage

 	 and

 	 equipments

 Southwest face.

8	 8-inch rifle;	 Good.	 Shut off from Morris

 barbette.	 	 Island. Fires west

 	 	 from and west about

 	 	 120 degrees.

9	 10-inch	 do.	 Do.

 columbiad;

 barbette.

 Northwest half

 bastion.

10	 24-pounder	 Fair.	 North from rear of

 smooth;	 	 magazine.

 barbette.

11	 do.	 do.	 East from north flank

 	 	 of half bastion.

 Western

 outwork.

12	 10-inch sea-	 Good.	 Seaward and to Morris

 coast mortar;	 	 Island.

 siege.

13	 do.	 do.	 Do.

14	 do.	 do.	 Do.

This fort has been remodeled to protect if from the enemy's very heavy artillery. The mortar battery on the east is only the remains of and old outwork and requires attention. An officer's bomb-proof in the old east curtain is nearly completed, but requires sodding. The eastern gallery inside is complete. It is to be regretted that it was not made wider. The traverses between the guns on the seaward faces are very strong and serviceable. The service magazine and bomb-proof along the south rampart appear to be right; they cramp the gun chambers, but in this case it would be hard to have avoided the objection. The western gallery and bomb-proof inside are completed and the magazine fully protected. A bomb-proof gallery on the west outside is in process of construction by the soldiers. Wants more sand and to be finished.

The mortar batteries on the west are dilapidated and want repair.

The work of covering the sea-face is progressing and will soon render it impervious to any artillery. It would be well to add obstructions along the face as soon as it can be done in order to secure at once against a coup de main should it be attempted.

Fort Moultrie is at present garrisoned by four companies of the First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry and commanded by Captain Burnet. The guns are as well supplied as in the power of the garrison, and proper care seems to be taken of material and ammunition.

BATTERY MARION.

Number. a	 Description of	 Condition of	 Direction and extent

 gun or mortar	 carriage and	 of field of fire.

 and carriage.	 equipments.

1	 7-inch Brooke;	 Good.	 Shut off from Morris

 navy.	 	 Island and fires

 	 	 right and left]to

 	 	 sea and harbor.

2	 10-inch	 do.	 Do.

 columbiad;

 barbette.

3	 10-inch	 ...

 columbiad.

4	 do.	 ...

5	 Vacant.	 ...

6	 8-inch	 Fair.	 Shut off from Morris

 columbiad;	 	 Island; fires to

 barbette.	 	 harbor.

7	 Vacant.	 ..

8	 10-inch sea-	 Good.	 Seaward and to

 coast mortar;	 	 Morris Island.

 siege.

9	 do.	 do.	 Do.

a Guns numbered from the east.

