
The low places on Sullivan's Island west of Fort Moultrie have not been filled up or drained to any extent, which is to be regretted, as the summer season will bring sickness if the matter is not attended to.

Respectfully submitted.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, May 6, 1864.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 9, 1864.

Major General PATTON ANDERSON,

Commanding District of Florida:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from an unknown writer to Governor Milton, of Florida, dated Nassau, New Providence, March 7, 1864, in reference to an expedition against Tallahassee, via Saint Mark's, and to say that probably such an expedition was contemplated by the enemy before the battle of Ocean Pond on the 20th February last, but that victory must, no doubt, have changed his mind. he further directs, however, that it would be well to keep on the lookout, and to be prepared to move in that direction at any time with such forces as you may be able to spare from East Florida.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GILES B. COOKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,April 10, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Seventh Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your report upon the demonstration made by the enemy in your front on the night of the 9th instant,* and to say hat he is fully alive to the exposed condition of your district, and in consequence thereof he had by telegraph already ordered Major-General Anderson to return as soon as practicable the two regiments of Wise's brigade (Twenty-sixth and Fifty-ninth Virginia), and one of Evans' (Eighteenth South Carolina), which regiments will be ordered to report to you on their arrival here. the order to put them in motion for this place will be renewed to-day.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 10, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Commanding, &c., Savannah, Ga.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your favor of the 8th instant has been received. I fully appreciate the views therein expressed, which are

---------------

*See Part I, p. 151.

---------------

