
correct, but of difficult execution under present circumstances. With regard to General M[ercer] I am aware of the objections to him, but my fear was to fare worse. You are no doubt aware that not those officers who stand the highest in the estimation of the War Department are sent here permanently; in fact, this has been called the "Department of Refuge." Moreover, my recommendations of and application for officers are seldom if ever heeded. With the exception of Colonels Elliott and Harris, and Captain Johnson (the two last engineers), not one of my officers has been promoted since the beginning of the memorable siege of Charleston, although I have recommended several. This is encouraging neither to myself nor those under my orders. Since your other letter Major General Samuel Jones has been ordered to this department to relieve you. I hope he will od, but from what I hear I fear not. I have to request that you will give him, as far as practicable, the benefit of your experience and observations, especially to keep him out of any faux pas or errors. Give him as full and detailed advises as possible, providing for such contingencies as may happen. I will on my part give him such general instructions as ought to suffice.

Regretting to lose your services and with my kind regard to Mrs. G., I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Green Pond, S. C.:

I telegraphed you by order of the general commanding to send the Twelfth South Carolina Volunteers to Wilmington, N. C., without delay, with baggage, transportation, five days' rations, and 40 rounds of ammunition. If you have not received the dispatch send it at once as indicated above. The commanding officer of the regiment will report to General Evans, the brigade commander. Transportation will be furnished.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 12, 1864.

Colonel TABB,

Commanding, Waldo, Fla.:

COLONEL: Major-General Anderson, commanding, directs that you take all possible care to guard against cavalry raids by the enemy into he counties of Alachua and Marion from some point on the Saint John's above the mouth of the Ocklawaha River. Fort Gates is suggested as the most probable point from which such a raid may be attempted. You will make such disposition of your forces, having due regard to the concentration of your main body for protection against advance of the enemy from Palatka, as will enable you to intercept the enemy from their rear in the event that such an attempt should be made. You will inform yourself of the

