
of the Seventeenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers; also, to advise you that the Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers has been ordered to return from Florida, and will be directed to report to you to supply the place of the Seventeenth South Carolina Volunteers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, April 15, 1864-5.40 p. m.

Captain OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Simonton reports at 5.15 p. m. that the enemy has occupied Battery Island in force; that a gun-boat is going up the Stono shelling, and that signal rockets are being fired from Dixon's Island. I may want more troops here to-night. Had not the 50 sent from the Twenty-fifth [South Carolina Infantry] to-day be returned at once? There is but one regiment on the south lines.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Seventh Military District.

ROYALL'S, April 15, 1864-7.10.

Captain OTEY:

Enemy have retired from Battery Island. Gun-boat has gone down river. I have received your telegram stating that the 50 men will be returned if they can be spared. Let them still come back. I may be able to send some unarmed men in place of them to-morrow.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Seventh Military District.

APRIL 15, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to direct that your order the following dispositions made of certain named regiments which have been ordered to return from Florida, upon their arrival in Savannah, Ga., to wit:

Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers, to report to Brigadier General R. S. Ripely, Sullivan's Island.

Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers, to report to Brigadier General B. H. Robertson, Ashepoo, S. C.

Twenty-sixth Virginia Volunteers, to report to Colonel A. Rhett, in this city.

The Sixty-fourth Georgia Volunteers or Twelfth Georgia Battalion has also been directed to return, which you will retain in District of Georgia to replace the Holcombe Legion, ordered to North Carolina.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

