HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 15, 1864.

Major General PATTON ANDERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to direct by letter (as was done by telegram of yesterday's date) the transfer of the following regiments to Savannah at once, where they will receive further orders, to wit: Eleventh and Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers, Twenty-sixth and Fifty-ninth Virginia, and the Sixty-fourth Georgia or Twelfth Georgia battalion, as you prefer.

I am further instructed to express his regret at the withdrawal of these regiments from your district, and to say that in consequence of orders from the War Department transferring a large number of troops from this State to Wilmington, N. C., this depletion of your command is considered imperatively necessary and unavoidable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Quincy, Fla., April 15, 1864.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Chief Commissary, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your favor of 23rd of March, with copy of one of 5th February last, came duly to hand, but my necessary and repeated absences prevented and immediate reply, and as I have no assistance and do all my own writing, it requires a long time to overtake the business which accumulates during these absences. The large increase of forces in this State, and especially cavalry, requires more corn to subsist them than we have in the State, consequently we can given you no assistance in this respect. As to beef, we are unable at present to supply the army here with it, and you need expect none from this State, until General Beauregard shall realize the necessity of opening the communication with the southern portion of the peninsula, and giving protection to our operations, there, and until the War Department shall grant us the means of bringing them out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. W. WHITE,

Major and Chief Commissary of Florida.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Charleston, April 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred for the information of the commanding general.

I beg especial attention to he contingency on which a supply of cattle is to depend. On 30th October last I sent in a report which, among other matters, referred to the importance of connecting the pensacola and Georgia with the Savannah and Gulf Railroad.

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

