
Carolina, on its return from Florida, to report to General Ripley temporarily, and the Eighteenth South Carolina to report to Colonel Rhett in the city. Order also one of the Virginia regiment to report, on its return from Florida, temporarily to General Taliaferro on James Island. The other matters referred to by Brigadier-General James Island. The other matters referred to by Brigadier-General Ripley have already been attended to, as far as it could be done.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 16, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER,

Pocotaligo, S. C.:

General Evans met with serious accident to-day. He will be laid up about one month. Will you accept temporary command? His brigade en route to North Carolina. Approval [of] General Gilmer is necessary.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &amp;C.,April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General TALIAFERRO,

Seventh Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that Colquitt's brigade and Wheaton's battery and Company A, South Carolina Siege Train, have been ordered from the District of Florida to your district. Upon the arrival of Colquitt's brigade he desires you to station it at some central point between Hatch's Wharf and the lines, so it can be in supporting distance of the latter, and can be rapidly thrown across the harbor to support the first District in case of necessity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 16, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER:

GENERAL: I ma instructed by the commanding general to make the following modification of the instructions previously given, directing the disposition to be made of certain regiments, now en route from Florida, upon their arrival in Savannah, to wit: The Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers to Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, Sullivan's Island, instead of the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers which will report to Colonel Rhett in this city. The Twenty-sixth Virginia will be directed to report temporarily to Brigadier-General Taliaferro, James Island, instead of General wise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

