
water or on shore. They report that it is practicable for a boat expedition to make a landing above the battery referred to without opposition, and by a quick movement capture the batteries at Mount Pleasant.

I neglected to mention that Mount Pleasant is connected with Sullivan's Island by a bridge a mile long, and that once burned or even a portion of it destroyed there is no connection between the two, as the swamps are impressible. I am not at present [prepared] to send any maps descriptive of the localities mentioned, but will forward them hereafter if I can have them drawn.

Hoping this report may be satisfactory to the brigadier-general commanding the district, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. P. HATCH,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant, addressed to the chief of staff, reporting the success of the scouting party under Captain S. P. Smith, One hundred and fifteen New York Volunteers. I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct that you express his thanks to Captain Smith for the zeal and ability displayed by him on that occasion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff and Arty., Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have nothing of importance to communicate. A rumor having been circulated within the enemy's lines that an attempt will be made to sink torpedoes in the channel near Saint John's bluff, I have determined to built a block-house at that point and establish a small force in it.

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 144. Hilton Head, S. C., April 6, 1864.

* * * *

III. The Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, now at Beaufort, S. C., will proceed without delay to Hilton Head and report to the post commander. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

