
CHARLESTON, S. C., April 18, 1864-10 a.m.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Evans is recovering from his fall. His last regiment ordered left here Saturday night.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

APRIL 18, 1864.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Sixth Military District, Adams' Run:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th instant, urging the pressing necessity for the return of the two regiments of your brigade, has been received and considered. I fully concur in the justice of your remarks on the depleted condition of your command, and deprecate the necessity which prevents me from complying at this time with your request. The regiments referred to are now on their return from Florida, but the interests of the service demand that for the present one of them shall be stationed in the Third Military District, and the other for a few days in the Seventh Military District, to await the return of Colquitt's brigade, which is also en roue from Florida, and which will upon arrival resume its former position on James Island.

In conclusion, I beg to assure you, general, that I shall take the earliest opportunity for bringing the troops of your command together; that is, as soon as the peculiar nature of the service in this department will permit. I have been careful to locate your two regiments in districts adjoining the Sixth, that they may at any time and without delay be concentrated under your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General FINEGAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the following troops move without delay via Callahan, Trader's Hill, Tebeauville, and Savannah to Charleston, there to report to the general commanding the department: Colquitt's brigade, excepting the First Georgia Regulars, who will remain; the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, Colonel Harrison commanding; Wheaton's battery; Guerard's battery.

The five companies of infantry, belonging to Colquitt's brigade, now in front, will rejoin their command as promptly as possible, their place being supplied by a detail from the infantry of your command. A section of Gamble's battery will relieve Guerard's battery in front.

A courier should be sent to order Captain Sharp's company (now on provost duty and supposed to be near Trail Ridge) to follow their command by Baldwin to Callahan, and thence by the route taken by General Colquitt to Charleston.

The 2 commissioned officers, 6 non-commissioned officers, and 54 men of the Twenty-third Georgia, on duty as provost guard at

