
Baldwin, will be relieved by a detail from the infantry of your command. It is believed that 2 lieutenants, 6 non-commissioned officers, and 30 men will be sufficient for this purpose. All the troops will draw and cook enough supplies in addition to what they have on hand to leave this point with four days' cooked rations.

Major Morgan, brigade commissary, should proceed to Tebeauville in advance of the troops, and arrange to have additional supplies provided for them at that point. There is a depot of the tax in kind there from which supplies can probably be obtained.

The major-general commanding desires that you furnish General Colquitt with a guide to Tebeauville.

The Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment will hereafter report direct to your headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, NO. 2, Numbers 1. Camp Milton, April 18, 1864.

I. Brigadier General A. H. Colquitt commanding brigade, will move his brigade (except the First Georgia Regulars) via Callahan, Trader's Hill, Tebeauville, and Savannah to Charleston, and report on arrival there to the general commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Brigadier-General Colquitt will leave this point with four days' cooked rations for his whole command.

II. Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., commanding brigade, will move the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment via Callahan, Trader's Hill, Tebeauville, and Savannah to Charleston, and report on arrival there to the general commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

III. Captain Wheaton, commanding light battery, will move his battery via Callahan, Trader's Hill, and Savannah to Charleston, and report to the general commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Captain Wheaton will leave this point with four days' cooked rations. This battery will move with the infantry command.

IV. Captain Guerard, commanding light battery, will move his battery via Callahan, Trader's Hill, Tebeauville, and Savannah to Charleston, and on his arrival there will report to the general commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Captain Guerard's command will leave this point with four days' cooked rations. This battery will move with the infantry command.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan:

R. B. THOMAS,Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that General Maury was yesterday directed to send a brigade of infantry to General Johnston at Dalton. The First and Twentieth South Carolina Regiments

