
were at the same time ordered from Charleston to the same place. Upon the arrival of the latter at Dalton the Tenth and the Nineteenth South Carolina Regiments will be sent from Army of Tennessee to Charleston.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. RIELY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 19, 1864-8.30 p. m.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

General Jones has arrived. I shall leave to-morrow as instructed. General Evans being still seriously ill, I have assigned command of his brigade temporarily to General W. S. Walker. General Hagood cannot be spared.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 109. Charleston, S. C., April 19, 1864.

* * * *

V. Brigadier General W. S. Walker is relieved from command of the Third Military District of South Carolina, and will proceed at once with his personal staff to Weldon or other point of North Carolina and assume temporary command of the brigade of Brigadier General N. G. Evans. * * *

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

GILES B. COOKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,

Camp Milton, April 19, 1864.

Mr. JAMES MCKAY,

Commissary Agent, Fifth District of Florida:

SIR: Since writing you this morning your letter of the 10th has been received, and General Anderson desires me to say to you that, in view of the heavy force of the enemy on the Saint John's, it has been decided by the military authorities that this is the proper point from which to defend South Florida. You can readily understand that if we give up this position South Florida will be practically cut off from the Confederacy, and that while we hold it we can extend our forces over South Florida whenever troops can be detached for this purpose. You will thus perceive that though South Florida is important Baldwin is still more so, as the possession of Baldwin determines our ability to communicate with and hold South Florida. No troops can leave here at present, but the time is probably not far distant when we can send a force down into South Florida sufficient to thoroughly clear out the bandits who now infest it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

