HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 19, 1864.

Major P. W. WHITE,

Chief Commissary of Florida, Quincy:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 14th is acknowledged, and the major-general commanding desires me to say to you that he is fully as much impressed with the importance of the cattle region in South Florida as yourself, and that he would have sent troops there before this but for the necessity of the situation here, imperatively demanding the presence of every man that could be concentrated for defense. Whenever the situation of affairs will permit, ample force will be sent there, and from indications the time is probably approaching when this can be done. Aid, when sent, will be by regular organized bodies of troops and not by supplying arms and ammunition to local organizations, as the general has learned that out of some 75 or 80 men, who had been armed by the Government in that section, all but 23 have virtually gone over to the enemy.

Special Orders, Numbers 17, relieving men from duty in the commissary department, the general desires to remind you, did not originate with him, but is the order of the War Department, extended through his as the local commander.

I write, by an opportunity offering to-day, to Mr. McKay, explaining to him the impossibility of sending him immediate aid, and urging him to continue his exertions with the limited means at his disposal.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

Hurry on troops that have been ordered from Florida to this point.

By command of General Beauregard:

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, April 20, 1864-1 p. m.

General S. COOPER:

I have turned over command temporarily to General Jones to-day. I will leave for point of destination in one hour.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 20, 1864.

OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS:

By an order of His Excellency the President I am relieved temporarily from the command of the department by Major General Samuel Jones, to be assigned to another important command. I leave with

