
the assurance that you will transfer to my successor, a meritorious officer of the armies of Virginia and Tennessee, that confidence and spirit of prompt obedience to orders which have contributed so much to your success heretofore. Should you ever become discouraged remember that a people from whom have sprung such soldiers as those who defended Wagner and Sumter can never be subjugated in a war of independence.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 46. Charleston, S. C., April 20, 1864.

General Beauregard having been temporarily assigned to another command, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

All existing department orders, general and special, will remain in force until further orders.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 21, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: The communication of Brigadier General J. H. Trapier of March 13, 1864, stating the imperiled condition of the district under his command, its importance in agricultural resources, and the want of troops for its defense, has been received, with your indorsement concurring in his views, and stating that his district will become still more exposed upon the withdrawal of Colonel White's cavalry to Virginia, as lately ordered by this Department.

I am, directed by the Secretary of War to say that the order referred to, having been made in view of the whole field of military operations now presented, cannot be changed. It will be for you, as the commanding general of the department, so to dispose the forces left you as most effectually to guard the points considered by you as most important and vital.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 21, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

It has been necessary to assign Colonel Olmstead, of First Georgia Regiment, to the command of the Third Military District of South Carolina, in place of Brigadier-General Walker, called to command General Evans' brigade in North Carolina. Cannot the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment be sent to Dalton in place of the First Georgia

