
Regiment, which is serving as artillerists at the Savannah batteries, and is essential to the defense of that city? The Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment is now en route from Florida, and will in all probability be in Savannah to-morrow.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOST, ARMY OF FLORIDA,April 21, 1864.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the information of the major-general commanding, a letter addressed to L. J. Fleming, esq., Lake City, signed "S." The writer is certainly one George Stone, who lives on east side of Saint John's about 4 miles from Jacksonville. He has had permission from the enemy to go in and out of Jacksonville at pleasure. My scouts while on east side of river have been him go in and out. Previous to the last occupation of Jacksonville, Stone was engaged shipping fruit, &amp;c., from Carmichael's Landing, on Cedar Creek, and was looked upon with suspicion by many citizens. When the enemy came he remained with them and declined communicating with our scouts. This letter was sent to Mrs. Carmichael, who lives quite close to our picket-line., and by her sent in. From the manner in which its was sent, it is quite evident that it was intended to fall into the hands of the commanding officer. It is my opinion that Stone thinks the enemy have abandoned the idea of occupying the State and that he is giving this information in order to set him right on our side when the change takes place. These being my views I think the information he gives is correct, as he would not dare to make a false statement under the supposed circumstances. The statements in letter correspond with reports from our scouts.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

APRIL 20, 1864.

L. J. FLEMING, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: Be sure as yo read this that my name is not known, as it will get me into trouble. There is to be no onward movement from Jacksonville. All the troops that are fit are being sent to Richmond, even the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-fourth Regiments of negroes. At Jacksonville yesterday two regiments of whites and four of negroes, all told, say 3,600 or 4,000. More negroes will return on the transports that have carried off the veteran troops. The town is to be garrisoned with blacks until after the great Richmond battle, which will come off some time in May. Two hundred and fifty thousand is to be the number, and if successful then they move into Florida; others think there will be an evacuation. I think not until then. The town is well fortified with heavy gunnery-one large battery complete, eight smaller ones going on. A battery at Empire Mills, on the south bank, is up-for what purpose I cannot conjecture, without it is to protect a retreat. Much annoyed at the loss of two boats.

