
Genera Hatch superseded yesterday by General Birney. J. C. Fremont is spoken of to supersede Gillmore. Driving in and killing cattle; all poor. Torpedoes are said to be put under the railroad to prevent running down big guns to shell; wires stretched all along to prevent a charge. All persons on the river are charged as being sympathizers; some sent off. Three gun-boats patrol the river, besides any number of barges. One gun-boat, the Pawnee, has 400 troops on board. They will deal summarily on any one caught putting down torpedoes in the river. Will write you every change. As soon as my poor mother is so I can travel I shall come.

Truly,

S.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive extracts from Special Orders, Numbers 89, War Department, S. C., ordering the First and Fifty-fourth and Fifty-seventh Regiments Georgia Volunteers to proceed to Dalton, Ga., to relieve the Fifth, Forty-seventh, and Fifty-fifth* Georgia Regiments; also the Sixty-third Georgia Volunteers to proceed to the headquarters of the Department of Northern Virginia.

I would respectfully beg leave to substitute the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment, now returning from Florida, for the First Georgia Regiment, for the following reasons: This latter regiment is serving as artillerists at the principal batteries on which we rely for the defense of Savannah, namely, the Savannah River batteries, Fort Bartow, lines and batteries on Whitemarsh Island, and at Fort McAllister. Their military training has been as heavy artillerists, and I have none to replace them. It has been necessary also to assign the colonel (C. H. Olmstead) to the command of the Third Military District of South Carolina. I therefore earnestly suggest that the substitution of the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment for the First Georgia Regiment be authorized. The Sixty-third Georgia Regiment has been serving also as heavy artillerists, but I can supply their places in part by the Twelfth Georgia Battalion, which was originally organized for an artillery battalion. The Fifty-seventh Georgia Regiment has been sent, as ordered, to relieve the Fifth Georgia Regiment, in guarding prisoners at Andersonville. The Fifty-fourth Georgia Regiment will move as ordered at the earliest practicable moment; also the Sixty-third Georgia Regiment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,April 24, 1864.

General T. JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By an order, addressed through me to Captain Walpole, I am informed that the Stono Scouts are, or are to be, disbanded.

---------------

*A mistake in the order. The Sixty-fifth was the regiment intended.

---------------

