
This leave me with but one company of cavalry for this entire district. It is impossible to do the vedette, courier, and picket duty with the Rebel Troop alone. At the same time my own brigade of infantry proper is reduced one-half to make up two other commands. Colonel Page, with the Twenty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, is ordered to report to General Taliaferro, on James Island, and Colonel Tabb, with the Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, I am informed, is ordered to report to General Robertson, at Ashepoo. Thus I am left with but two regiments of infantry to do the entire duty of infantry, heavy artillery, fatigue parties, and pickets, for all the numerous works on the Stono, John's Island, the Wadmalaw, and Edisto. The works cannot progress. My men are so scattered they cannot drill. In case of the approach of the enemy they cannot be concentrated, and if concentrated they are not numerous enough to check even any considerable force. Besides my ordinary transportation is nearly doubled in proportion to the number of troops. Under these circumstances, I ask the commanding general for more cavalry, and for more wagons and teams. Of the latter this district is not yet furnished with its due proportion, and I have tried in vain to obtain them from the quartermaster. And I repeat the request that the separation of my regiments from their own command proper may be but temporary and short. They have now been absent more than two months, and I further ask that no furloughs or leaves may be granted to their officers or men to go to Virginia, or elsewhere out of this department, without passing through my headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 24, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Savannah, Ga.:

Order Companies A and G, Twenty-ninth Georgia Volunteers, and Company K, Thirtieth Georgia Volunteers, to rejoin their regiments at once in Army of Tennessee.

By command of Major-General Jones:

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. W. BREVARD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires that you proceed to Gainesville with the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment under your command, detaching two companies to occupy the post at Clay Landing, with orders to operate against the deserters in that vicinity; with the remainder of your command you will proceed to Fort Meade, and commence a vigorous campaign the deserters and others, who have been depredating in that section. You will

