HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Palatka, Fla, April 7, 1864.

Lieutenant R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Arty., A. A. A. G.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date. Major Stevens, with the remainder of his command, arrived apposite this place yesterday, and was brought across the river without difficulty before night.

The wharf of the east side of the river will be available to-morrow, although it will not be entirely completed for two or three days. I have myself heard to-day the rumor you mentioned in regard to Finegan's command. I expect to know its destination in time to advise you by next opportunity. Rumors are very current outside our lines of a battery now being erected between this place and Jacksonville. I am endeavoring to become better informed on this subject also.

The persons spoken of in my last go down in the morning.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel 48th New York Vols., Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 7, 1864.

Colonel W. B. BARTON,

Commanding at Palatka, Fla.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 5th instant.

All the clothing that could be spared has been sent to your brigadier-general will endeavor to keep you will supplied [with] subsistence stores and will send you a supply of forage as soon as possible.

He cannot be positive whether General Finegan's command has gone up to Palatka or not; some say he has, and that he left three days ago, but the general is inclined to doubt it. The 2 prisoners of war referred to in your letter have not arrived. A list of the wounded, &amp;c., in the hands of the enemy since the battle of Olustee, will be sent to you by the next opportunity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, 1st U. S. Arty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 8, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: There is great uncertainty felt by the citizens of Florida about the troops remaining in the State. I did not ask the question of you when I was at Hilton Head, as I did not think at the time there could be any doubt of it. From General Seymour, when I arrived here, I learned that he had not been sufficiently certain on

