
route on the 9th, and stopped that night to procure my personal baggage at the place, where I had left it. It rained heavily on the 9th and 10th instant, producing a flood such as had not been known in that section of country within this century.

The president of the Richmond and Danville Railroad informed me that his road had been much damaged by the flood, and that I would find difficulty and delay if I attempted to continue by that route.

The superintendent of the road informed me that trains could not pass over his road without interruption in less than two weeks. All the information I could obtain convinced me that I could reach Charleston sooner by way of Weldon than by he route on which I had started. I accordingly telegraphed to Richmond to ascertain if I could go by that route on which, as I had been informed, the government had prohibited the running of passenger trains. On being informed that I could go by Weldon I started by that route, and traveled as rapidly as the cars would carry me. I was detained twenty-one hours at one point by the failure of the trains to connect, and arrived at this place without other stoppage on the 19th instant, and immediately on my arrival reported to General Beauregard.

On my way here I heard for the first time that General Beauregard had been ordered to North Carolina. When I reported to him I asked if my failure to arrive sooner had delayed his departure, and he replied that it had not. I supposed, therefore, that my own unavoidable delay had caused no injury or inconvenience to the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Commanding Sixth Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the temporary assignment of troops returning from Florida was made by General Beauregard before his arrival, and it is presumed with a full knowledge of the requirements of the service.

It is not thought proper at present to make any material change in that assignment, but the major-general commanding hopes soon to be able to return your regiments to your district. No leaves of absence or furloughs will be granted to officers or men temporarily detached from your command to go to Virginia without referring the applicants to yourself.

As soon as the cavalry ordered to this department reports, which, it is expected, will be the case in a few days, the necessary cavalry will be ordered to your command. A fair and equable distribution of transportation will be made if that has not already been done.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

