SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 101. Richmond, April 30, 1864.

* * * * *

VI. Brigadier General James Chesnut is assigned to the command of the reserve forces of the State of South Carolina, enrolled and mustered into service in accordance with the fifth and sixth sections of the "Act to organize forces to serve during the war," approved February 17, 1864. His headquarters will be at Columbia, S. C., or such other place in South Carolina as, in his judgment, the performance of his duties may render advisable.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Savannah, April 30, 1864.

Major GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that the Fifty-fourth, Fifty-seventh, and Sixty-third Georgia Regiments have left Savannah for the Army of Tennessee.

The very moment the troops returning from Florida arrived at Savannah they were sent to relieve the pickets and the garrisons at the different posts within my command, and the companies composing the regiments ordered to march were concentrated without delay and forwarded by rail as fast as transportation could be had.

I have telegraphed Major General Patton Anderson to send forward the Sixty-fourth [Georgia] speedily. As soon as this regiment arrives I will have it sent on.

The first body of Federal prisoners, 688 in number, arrived here yesterday about 3 p. m.; they were sent forward as soon as rations could be issued.

The second body arrived this morning, and it becomes necessary for me to send them in charge of the guard that accompanied the first lot from Charleston. A guard could not be supplied from the forces about Savannah without an unjustifiable exposure of important batteries.

None of the regiments ordered to Savannah from the Army of Tennessee have yet arrived, not even the Fifth Georgia, to relieve which the Fifty-seventh [Georgia] was sent to Andersonville. Under these circumstances it may become necessary to send the guard that arrived here this morning from Charleston forward with any additional prisoners that may be sent here, but I will avoid this if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

