
the subject to enable him to assure the people that they would not again be abandoned. I feel a decided policy should be adopted and that immediately. If it is the intention to hold the position we now have and endeavor to bring the people back to be loyal citizens I must be authorized to tell them they will be protected. Without protection we cannot expect loyalty. They are tired of the war, and, assured of protection, would, I believe, soon become loyal. I judge by what I know of the people living between the Saint John's and the coast. They feel comparatively safe from the incursions of the enemy, and are nearly all interested in supporting the Government. Their young men in the every opportunity to desert, and all declare they will not again be found in arms against the Government. I believe they most of them intend faithfully to keep their oath of allegiance. Assure those west of this river that this time they are not to be deserted and we will soon have all Southern Florida returned to its allegiance. The inhabitants of Marion Country, South Carolinians by birth, may give us some trouble, but they will be so outnumbered that they will be forced to submit or leave the State. The raising of Florida troops, not to leave the State, will assist us much in bringing back a good state of feeling, and the organizing a State government at as early a day as possible should not be lost sight of.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 9, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m., 10th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Will you please ascertain if General F. P. Blair is to be sent to General Sherman? If not, an army corps commander will have to be named for the Fifteenth Corps. I would much sooner have General Hunter of Buell at Memphis than Hurlbut, and General Sherman is not willing to try Hurlbut in the field again.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 9, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the South:

GENERAL: When General Gillmore was here it was thought proper that a steamer should be constantly at Palatka. The Hunter was detailed for that purpose. I am now about sending to that vicinity Henry's Light Brigade, and the Hunter will be needed to transport forage and provisions. A boat will be more than ever needed at Palatka. The enable the cavalry to act with effect it will be necessary to be able at any time to transfer them with rapidity from one side of the river to the other. For this purpose I need a

