
RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Charleston, S. C.:

The dispatch of to-day in reference to Wise's and Colquitt's brigades renders repetition of my telegram of the 30th ultimo unnecessary. You can relieve the guard at Branchville if the prisoners from Plymouth have passed South Carolina.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, May 3, 1864.

General COOPER:

Your telegram of to-day relative to troops just received. Will carry them out with the utmost possible dispatch.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA,

Mount Pleasant, May 3, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM B. TABB,

Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Infy., Mount Pleasant, S. C.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to say that he desires by the brigadier-general commanding to say that he desires you to familiarize yourself with the topography of this subdivision, Mount Pleasant and vicinity, preparatory to relieving Colonel Keitt of the command of it. You had better visit first the batteries on the Christ Church lines, beginning with the Palmetto Battery, and so west. For this purpose you will be furnished with a mounted guide this morning, who knows the country.

The brigadier-general commanding also directs me to say that you had best order the major of your regiment to make his headquarters at Kinloch's Landing. The companies from your regiment sent to Palmetto Battery and Kinloch's Landing had best be placed under his command, and it will be his duty to see that the guard duty is properly performed. He should take especial precaution to prevent the escape of negroes. Further specific instructions will be issued to you when you take command of the subdivision.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WISE,

Commanding Sixth Military District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you, by direction of the major-general commanding, that a telegram has been received from the Department, ordering your brigade without delay to Richmond, Va. The Fifty-ninth and Twenty-sixth Virginia will probably leave here to-morrow by rail for Richmond; use every exertion to move the Thirty-fourth and Forty-sixth. Major Pringle, quartermaster, has transportation ready for you as soon as you are ready to move. What officer in your district would you recommend

