
to be left in temporary charge? Perhaps Major Jenkins, from his great local knowledge, would be the most suitable officer.

One hundred and fifty infantry and 100 cavalry have been ordered, from Pocotaligo, to report to the officer commanding at Adams' Run, as Colquitt's brigade, the last available infantry in the department, is also to leave for Virginia at once. The officer left in charge of the Sixth Military District will have to rely on this re-enforcement and what you leave behind, after withdrawing the Thirty-fourth and Forty-sixth Virginia, to defend the Sixth Military District.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 3, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Seventh Military District:

GENERAL: Positive orders have come from Richmond to send both Wise' and Colquitt's brigades to Richmond. The major-general commanding desires that you place the regiments belonging to these two brigades now in your district under marching orders; send the Twenty-sixth [Virginia] to the city with the utmost dispatch, in order that Wise's brigade may be sent off immediately.

Will you please come over to the city to-morrow morning, if you can leave your command?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAVANNAH, May 3, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The approaches to Savannah on the South Carolina side of the river are so imperfectly guarded that I venture to urge the importance of detaining for a time, at least, De Pass' battery. I have none to substitute for it.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

The order disbanding De Pass' company has been revoked; the company will remain in service.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 3, 1864-12 a. m.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Savannah, Ga.:

I have ordered Colonel Olmstead to send without delay to Adams' Run 150 infantry, 100 cavalry. I have requested General Johnston to send Jackson here. Colquitt and Wise are ordered to Virginia.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

