
DISTRICT OF FLORIDA.

Battery Saint Marks's: Two 24-pounders, three 32-pounders.

Batteries on the Apalachicola: Upper, one 24-pounder, one 32-pounder; lower, three 32-pounders.

Battery at Hammock's Landing: Three 18-pounders, barrette, one 24-pounder, two 32-pounders.

Tampa Bay: About five guns (not reported).

Remarks: There are in the department guns in position, 472; light and siege guns in movable batteries, including some coming from Richmond (siege) to replace losses on Moris and John's Islands, 150; total, 622.

It is proper for me to state that with this enormous interest under my supervision, constituting really the defense of this department, I have but a single assistant to wit, an assistant inspector of artillery, who latterly has been laid up for about two months by sickness, and at times have had none at all, and that the data herein furnished are exclusively the result of actual inspection, no returns being furnished to the chief of artillery in this department. They were ordered in General Orders, Numbers 95, but a subsequent one neutralized it.

With all the commendation of the chief of artillery by the former commanding general of the department, and his recommendation to the Government at Richmond, the status given him in this department (where the artillery is the greatly preponderating arm, and where the distribution of heavy, siege, and light artillery, as seen above, over hundreds of miles of defense, only renders his duties the more difficult and onerous, uniting to constant activity the requirements of a geographical and topographical knowledge not to be acquired under many months) is in marked contact with that of chief of other armies, where there scarcely exists any but light and siege artillery.

It is due to myself to state that this information on "number of guns," &amp;c., would have been some time since in the possession of the War Department had its call for said information been originally referred to me.

It is respectfully submitted to the War Department in this connection, that a uniform rule of action and definition of the rights, privileges, and authority of chiefs of heavy and light artillery of all armies and departments would be highly conducive to the interest of the service.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, May 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

Attention invited to the subjoined remarks of Colonel Gonzales.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

