
ferry-boat, of which I am told there are two at Port Royal. I consider one absolutely necessary for the service and trust that the general commanding will agree with me and direct the chief quartermaster to transfer one early in the coming week.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 9, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN W. TURNER,

Chief os Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the South:

GENERAL: Since my last nothing of interest has occurred. A steamer yesterday from Palatka reports everything quiet in that vicinity. The force of the enemy there has not been increased, and their position has been ascertained. I have sent up by land all remainder of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, four companies of the Third New Hampshire Mounted Infantry, and propose sending the whole of Henry's Light Brigade to operate above Palatka in the direction of Gainesville and south of it in Marion Country.

I think that in the latter country we will quite a number of blacks although I am informed that many have been sent into Georgia. I sent yesterday a flag to the enemy's line with two women, wives of soldiers in the rebel army. I sent by the flag some newspapers to General Anderson. One of the officers said to Major Eddy that he would him one of their papers; went to the rear and procured the paper, but Major Davant prevented his giving is to him. The major thought from his manner that it contained news that might be of interest to us. I yesterday sent a faithful scout to the west of Baldwin to watch the railroad and bring in word of any movement of troops on that route. Their pickets have been strengthened, it may be to prevent desertions, which have been so numerous lately. If there is any reduction of their force in my front it cannot be long concealed from me. The gun-boat Unadilla has been added to the squadron in the river; the Pawnee will remain at least two weeks longer. A few of the circulars, a copy of which was forwarded you, have been got through the lines of the enemy.

A steamer goes up to-day to the wreck of the Maple Leaf. An effort will be made to recover some of her equipment, anchors, &amp;c.

To-morrow I purpose going to Saint Augustine; will return on Monday.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 10, 1864.

Commodore W. SMITH,

Commanding, Navy-Yard, Pensacola:

COMMODORE: I just received information that the rebel force of about 10,000 concentrated at Pollard started down toward us, and

