
CHARLESTON, S. C., May 4, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER, Savannah, Ga.:

Send the five infantry companies of the Twelfth Georgia Battalion to this place.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

MAY 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S., Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The chief engineer of this department, Colonel Harris, is at present with General Beauregard. His long service in this department and his knowledge of the topography of the country and of the defensive works constructed and in the course of construction, peculiarly fit him for the duties of chief engineer of the department, and I very much desire that the resume his duties here. If, however, it is he intention of the War Department to relieve him from duty here and assign him to duty elsewhere, I respectfully ask that I may be so informed, that I may either designate some officer now under my command, or ask the War Department to designate one as chief engineer of this department. I much prefer that Colonel Harris shall return. It is important that some competent engineer officer should have general supervision of all the defensive works in this department, and that he should enter on the duty with as little delay as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

FORT SUMTER, May 5, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant S. C. BOYLSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In order to raise the 7-inch rifle sunk at the wharf we require either 200 feet of good 1 1\2-inch rope, or Mr. Lacoste and his appliances; also send me some blank morning-report books.

J. C. MITCHEL.

Captain, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 5, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON, Green Pond, S. C.;

GENERAL: In addition to your present duties you will assume temporary command of the Sixty Military District.

SAM JONES,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, May 5, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 2nd instant to Major Cooke has been shown to me. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel to impress

