
without delay all the slave labor necessary for the speedy completion of the works about Savannah. The order is indorsed on a paper which will be sent to you with this.

I regret as much as you can the necessity of disbanding De Pass' company. The orders from the War Department are imperative as to "illegal organizations," and leaves me no discretion, and though I do not think De Pass' company and "illegal organization," it has been so decided by the War Department. Your telegram of to-day induces me to hope that you have received information that the War Department has revoked the order disbanding that company. If you have, of course, do not disband it or make arrangements to replace it. There is already an order here from General Bragg to the chief quartermaster directing him what disposition to make of the horses of that company.

I am exceeding sorry that I have to withdraw any troops from Savannah, but you can hardly know to what extent the force here has been reduced by orders from the department, or I think you would see the necessity of bringing more troops from Savannah here. I have not written to you on the subject because I feared that my letter might by chance fall into the hands of the enemy. My aide Lieutenant Warwick, will hand this to you and explain the condition of affairs here. I send with this a special order I have issued for organizing the clerks, detached men, and employees in the different staff departments in this city into companies for local defense. I have also asked his honor, the mayor of this city, to organize the fire department of the city for the same purpose, and I have requested Commodore Ingraham and the presidents of the different railroads to form their employees into similar organizations for the same purpose. I wish to have similar organizations of the clerks, &amp;c., in the staff departments in Savannah. I wish you would address the mayor of Savannah, naval officer of the station, and the president of the different railroads requesting them to make similar organizations. You may say to them that I directed you to make the suggestion, but they will no doubt receive it quite as well coming from you as from me, perhaps better.

Very respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 125. Charleston, S. C., May 5, 1864.

I. The officers, clerks, detailed men, and employees of the several departments, viz, adjutant and inspector general's, quartermaster's, commissary, pay, medical, engineer's, and ordnance in and around this city will be at once organized into companies to consist of not more than 50 nor less than 40 men, to be used in an emergency for the defense of Charleston. The company officers, to consist of one captain, one first lieutenant, and one second lieutenant to each company, will be elected or assigned by the inspector-general, subject to the approval of the commanding general, as the chief of bureau may determine. The field officers will be appointed by the major-general commanding the department.

II. The organization into companies above referred to will be under

