
CHARLESTON, S. C., May 8, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's House, James Island:

The Twelfth Georgia Battalion will arrive during the day from Savannah. Please have an officer in waiting at the depot to direct them to proceed at once to your district. The portion of the garrison of Fort Sumter, belonging to Colquitt's brigade, will have to be relieved by the detachment of the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers. How strong is that detachment?

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 9, 1864.

Major General PATTON ANDERSON,

Commanding District of Florida, Lake City:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has been compelled, under pressing orders from the War Department, to send to Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee, nearly all the effective infantry in this department. He hopes you will be able, with your present force, to give all needful protection to your district. He would be glad to receive from you a detailed account of the proceedings of the enemy in Florida, and any suggestion you have to make relative to the defense of that State. The news from Virginia is highly encouraging up to this date. General Seymour, the hero of Olustee, has been captured in Virginia. It in supposed he must have carried with him most of his troops from Florida. The enemy's forces on this coast are certainly reduced.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROYALL'S, May 10, 1864-9.25 p. m.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Simonton reports that to-day two barges came from Folly Island with about 20 men, and landed them at the battery on Dixon's Island near the observatory; the boats soon returned, taking off the same number. This appeared to be a relief for men in the battery, distinct from the usual picket relief, as the men in the battery were not relieved at the time the picket was; it has occurred before, but it is not a daily occurrence. The enemy opened to-day on Secessionville from a small island lying to southeast of Long Island, in the same creek, with two Parrot guns, apparently 20-pounders.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 11, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Dalton, Ga.:

Has Jackson's brigade been ordered to me? If not, when will it be? I want it very much.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

