
that a considerable force is already near Pensacola and this side that place. It is also reported that the rebels are provided with pontoons for crossing the Bayou Grand.

Very respectfully, commodore, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, April 11, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

The Secretary of War has no information in regard to General Blair's case. General Hurlbut has not sufficient military experience for so important a command as the Department of the South. I will write to you regard to this matter, and also in regard to Generals Buell and Hunter. The Thirty-sixth Ohio ordered as directed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, April 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

GENERAL: I regard our establishment at Morris Island, Hilton Head, and on the sea islands of immense importance. As soon as Gillmore leaves the rebels will probably attack one or more of these places. To defend them properly we want a general there of experience and military education. My own opinion of General Hurlbut has been favorable, but I do not deem him equal to the command of the Department of the South with its diminished forces. General Hatch is hardly the man for the place, but probably he is the best that can now be spared that field.

I would like very much to see Buell restored to a command and have several times proposed him to the War Department, but there has been such a pressure against him from the West that i do not think Secretary will give him any at present.

I think General Hunter would not accept any command under McPherson, or he did, trouble would follow. He is even worse that McClernand in creating difficulties. If you had him in the field under your immediately command perhaps things would go smoothly. Before acting on General Hunter's case it would be well for you to see his correspondence while in command of a department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Numbers 150 Hilton Head, S. C., April 11, 1864.

I. Colonel Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, will proceed with his regiment and the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers to

