
ROYALL'S HOUSE, May 11, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-GeneraL:

Enemy opened quite a heavy fire upon Secessionville this morning at 3 o'clock, and continued it until after daylight. He fired from Morris, Folly, and Long Islands. I would call attention to the unfinished condition of the bridge connecting Secessionville with new lines, and the connections between Legare's house, near Haskell, and Fort Johnson. They were commenced in November, and I have reported their condition so often that I despair of seeing them completed. Lieutenant Johnson, in charge, says that he cannot procure the plank. Please urge Major Echols to forward it.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

[Memorandum for General Jones.]

I have written to Major Echols about the unfinished condition of the bridge and urged him to attend to it. I do not see what you can do for General Taliaferro, as you have no infantry to send him.

[H. W. FEILDEN.]

ROYALL'S HOUSE, May 11, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The garrison at Sumter is to be relieved to-night. You instructed that they would be relieved by the detachment of the Twentieth South Carolina now here. That detachment number 87 muskets and 3 officers for duty, and to send them from here weakens me.

Please advise what is to be done. Have the cavalry reported yet?

If so, send them over.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

[Memorandum for General Jones.]

General Ripley says he cannot relieve this garrison without abandoning batteries on Sullivan's Island. A portion of Colquitt's brigade is still in Sumter; they ought to be sent off.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 11, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's House, James Island:

I do not think the enemy will attempt to assault Secessionville.

I have ordered Major Echols to use every exertion to complete the bridges with the least possible delay. Can you not to-night place a field battery under cover, and in position to aid in preventing the approach of parties in boats to Secessionville? Keep me informed. Do not relieve garrison at Sumter to-night.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

