
the command. The enemy did not fire. The following vessels were off Morris Island yesterday: Ironsides, 6 monitors, 24 gun-boats, schooners, &amp;c., 8 vessels in Light-House Inlet.

No change of tents, &c., observed on Morris or Black Island. The commanding officer of Legare's Point reports that the Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiment left that point this morning. The lookout from the observatory at Secessionville report 6 gun-boats, 2 transports, 2 schooners off Cole's Island; 3 gun-boats in Folly River; I gun-boat, 2 transports, 5 schooners in Light-House Inlet.

No one to be seen on Pine Island. No change in enemy's encampments. Nothing unusual has occurred during the last twenty-four hours at Secessionville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A. YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT, May 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Since this was telegraphed to me, the enemy have been seen engaged in cutting down the trees on Pine Island. They will be fired upon as soon as a 32-pounder platform, which has been disabled, is restored.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Dalton, Ga.:

I believe the enemy will attack this place very soon. I beg that you will send Jackson's brigade to me without longer delay.

SAM. JONES,

Major-Genera.

CHARLESTON, May 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

General Johnston has not yet sent Jackson's brigade to me, though I have repeatedly asked him to do so. I am in great need of them.

I believe there will be an attack on this place very soon.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, May 13, 1864.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN, Asst. Adjt. General, Charleston:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request that the two companies of the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers, lately at Branchville, and which on their return were sent to some destination unknown to me, should be ordered to this district. It was intended to make use of them to organize the relieving parties for the garrison of Fort Sumter, so that three companies could be kept there, and be relieved by companies. As it has happened, the relief is now impracticable without abandoning batteries. The portion of the Twentieth now in Forth Sumter has been there for over two weeks, and I am informed that several are getting sick.

