
I beg to represent to the commanding general the necessity of having at least a sufficient number of troops to do the picket duty in the vicinity of Charleston, even at the risk of exterior points, and especially since deserters from Fort Johnson have informed the enemy of the condition to things in Charleston Harbor, and the probable strength of the force in position. Being necessarily divided a much smaller force than our effective total could give much trouble. I have also to request that Captain Ellison S. Keitt's company of cavalry, now at Georgetown, may be ordered to report to me as soon as he can possibly be spared from his present position.

The company is attached to the Twentieth Regiment, and is familiar with the country in this vicinity. I have understood that other cavalry has been ordered to Georgetown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT JOHNSON, May 13, 1864-2.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General TALIAFERRO:

GENERAL: Two monitors and the Cumming's Point batteries are firing at Fort Sumter. Our batteries are not replying.

J. A. YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's House, James Island:

Captain Mitchel and the engineer in charge at Sumter think that it would be greatly to their advantage if the enemy's fire could be somewhat diverted by our batteries at Fort Johnson. Look at the position, and if Johnson can render assistance, do it.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SECESSIONVILLE, May 14, 1864-2.20 p. m.

Captain FEILDEN:

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please inform General Jones that I have been firing all morning from the Fort Jackson batteries, and made some very fine shots.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's House, James Island:

A telegram from ordnance officer at Fort Johnson indicates that Colonel Yates proposes to keep the fire on Gregg and Wagner all night. I think it a useless waste of ammunition. He cannot damage materially their works. Do not keep up the fire unless there are the clearest indications that something useful is accomplished by it.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

