
if they have arrived from Dalton to proceed immediately by railroad to Richmond. The Fifty-sixth Georgia and Twenty-sixth Alabama, now at Andersonville, and Twentieth South Carolina Regiment, Colonel Keitt, if it has not yet gone to Dalton, will also be sent. The movement must be made with the greatest possible expedition.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Giver immediately the necessary orders for the movement of the troops mentioned above that are in your district, and order Colonel R. H. Anderson to proceed immediately with his regiment to relieve the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, Colonel Harrison's. Acknowledge receipt of this by telegraph.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Near Jacksonville, Fla., May 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Your order of yesterday by telegraph directing me to send "a good brigade of infantry" to Richmond with the greatest possible dispatch, is now being carried out as expeditiously as the scattered condition of the troops and the means of transportation at hand will permit. This will leave in the district one regiment and two battalions of cavalry, and three companies of artillery -one siege and two light-as the sum total of effective force comprised within my command. There will remain, however, 1 brigadier-general and 3 colonels, the former commanding a sub-district and the latter commanding posts and conscripts. Under these circumstances I respectfully submit the question whether I might not be more serviceable elsewhere? Believing that I would be, and having no other desire than that of advancing the interests of the cause, I would earnestly request that I be ordered to some other field if not deemed incompatible with those interests.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, May 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The action of General Johnston in not sending back the troops ordered after he had received those sent to relieve them should be explained. He has not even notified the Department of his action. Orders just issued for troops to come here are rendered nugatory by this unauthorized action.

The Quartermaster's and Medical Departments have ample officers to supply General Cobb's reserves sent to Andersonville. They should be called on for the details.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

