
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 24. Camp Milton, May 18, 1864.

Colonel J. W. Robertson having reported at these headquarters pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 125, from department headquarters, is announced on the staff of the major-general commanding as chief engineer for this district.

By command of Major-General Anderson:

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 19, 1864.

General BRAGG, Commanding:

SIR: As you are probably aware, I have been ordered to proceed without delay to Charleston, S. C., and report to Major General Samuel Jones for duty at Savannah. I understood you to say that my record was clear, and there was no fault to be found with my past conduct, yet the fact of being ordered from duty in the field to a command where no active duty is contemplated, at a time too when the entire army in which my old division is serving is actually confronting and engaging the enemy, may be and perhaps will be regarded as a reflection upon my conduct, in spite of the favorable action of the authorities in my case as published in General Orders, Numbers 46,* of May 4 instant. To provide against this contingency I beg leave to request that, if it is not inconsistent with your views, you will oblige me by giving me your indorsement, and if possible that of the President himself, to show whether or not my being ordered to Savannah is intended or can be regarded as a reflection upon my fitness for command in the field.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 19, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

James Island:

The cavalry, some 350 men, are now being armed at the arsenal and will be brought over by boat to Hatch's Wharf as soon as possible.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, May 19, 1864.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: The late order to send "a good brigade of infantry" to Richmond with all possible expedition is now being executed. The

---------------

* General Orders, Numbers 46, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, published result of general court-martial for trial of Major General L. McLaws on the charge of "neglect of duty to the prejudice of good order and military discipline."

Three specifications. Finding on the two first, not guilty; of the third, guilty of part of specification, and guilty of charge. Sentence: To be suspended from rank and command for sixty days. Proceedings, findings, and sentence disapproved.

---------------

