
of the Ocklawaha. Having the advantage of river navigation, he can reach any point on the upper Saint John's before a force at this point could proceed 20 miles in the proper direction to meet him. Therefore, it is absolutely necessary to have a force here to protect Baldwin, and also a force on the upper Saint John's to prevent these raids. Such a force is not now in my command. Indeed, any day when he chooses to do so the enemy can move out to Baldwin and occupy the place. I bring these facts to the notice of the major-general commanding knowing that just at this time he cannot afford a remedy, but hopping that as soon as possible troops may be supplied for the proper defense of these important interest.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for information of the War Department.

Attention invited to the unprotected condition of the State of Florida. I am unable, however, to give Major-General Anderson any more assistance at present. Whenever the exigencies of the service will permit it, I earnestly request that some additional troops may be sent to this department.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Adjutant-General.

For the present General Jones' only reliance for assistance must be on the reserves.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 23, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

JUNE 27, 1864.

General Bragg's remarks concurred in.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 20, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram of to-day received. The Twelfth Georgia Battalion, 410 men, left here on the 18th. The Eighteen Georgia Battalion, 225 men, left by passenger train yesterday. The Twentieth

