
lodged, if it can be done without too great a sacrifice of life. I do not wish to impose too much responsibility on you but rely much on your judgment and knowledge of the ground. An exhibition of strength on our part at this time and some punishment inflicted will have a beneficial effect. Reply promptly and let me know your views more fully.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

BATTERY Numbers 2, May 22, 1864-9 a. m.

(Via Royall's. Received 10.10 a. m.0

Captain FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just returned here from the pickets. The enemy have retired, except a few skirmishers, out of sight, in the direction of Battery Island. Major Manigault, commanding pickets, had a spirited fight with them. Our men behaved handsomely; 5 of our men wounded, 2 missing. The enemy were held in check at the Grimball Causeway and could not advance further. A deserter, who came in during the fight, says there were parts of seven regiments.

Major Manigault says he saw two full regiments; think it was only a reconnaissance in force and an attempt to cut off our pickets. As they may attempt to turn our right under cover of gun-boats now in Stono, I will not yet ask that the troops ordered here by returned.

Just reported that the enemy are erecting works on Battery Island and repairing bridges.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's House, James Island:

The commanding officer of Florida Battalion, expected to arrive this afternoon by train from Savannah, has been ordered to stop the train on James Island, and report his arrival in person to you at your headquarters. Send your orders to commanding officer of this battalion. Retain the battalion should you need it; if not, send it on the city without delay.

P. C. WARWICK,

Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's House, James Island;

GENERAL: About 200 of the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers are on the way to you by Dill's Bluff. The rest will follow as quickly as possible; every available man will be sent you from city.

I dare say they will muster 200 men.

By order:

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

