
ROYALL'S, May 24, 1864-7 a. m.

Captain FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered Colonel Keitt's regiment back to the city. He will march in, as I halted him at Dill's Bluff. Everything reported quiet, and our picket-line is by this time, I suppose, entirely re-established.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, May 24, 1864-11 a. m.

Captain FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered back to the city the battalion of firemen. The cadets will be sent back, if the general wishes, as soon as they are relieved from picket. They do not wish to return. Is Captain Read's company to return? All profoundly quiet, and no change except that two brass howitzers are visible on Dixon's Island. The enemy fired last night with small-arms, boat howitzers, field guns, siege guns, and from their gun-boats. Only 1 man slightly wounded. Some of their shell yesterday thrown inside of new lines between Battery Numbers 2 and Pringle. Pringle drove a gun-boat back in the attempt to come up the river.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 25, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Four hundred men of Colonel Keitt's regiment started last night; 600 more, same regiment, and 100 detached Georgians, belonging to Colquitt's brigade, will start at 12 m. to-day; all for Richmond.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, May 25, 1864.

Colonel A. J. GONZALES,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your order of the 16th instant I have the honor to report the inspection of the heavy, light, and siege artillery on James Island.

Battery Glover: This battery is not in order. The eccentrics of the carriages require adjusting. The magazines are good.

Battery Wampler: The ammunition and implements are in good order, but the magazine is not neatly kept. Both of the 10-inch columbiads are out of order.

Battery Harleston is in good order and the magazines kept with remarkable neatness, but water begins to come through is small

