
primers are reported at this work and should be given to Numbers 2, where a deficiency exists, according to the report of Captain Bowden, commanding.

Redoubt Numbers 2: Platform needs readjustment. The ammunition is good, but the implements require renewing. There is a surplus of projectiles, which can be made available at other works requiring them. The guns is one of the short 32-pounder naval pieces weighing something over 4,000 pounds, for which 6 pounds are ample, but the charges are 8 pounds. These could be better transferred to Redoubt Numbers 1, and the smaller 6-pound charges there exchanged for quantity, so that both works will be better served. The magazine is not kept clean.

Secessionville: Guns and ammunition in good order. One 32-pounder upon the southern face does not traverse sufficiently to the right to meet the fire of the Abolitionists, and is exposed entirely to their fire from the east, which a traverse will protect. Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, post commander, complains of not being able to get his requisitions filled by the ordnance department, and of the irregularity of his fuses. Lacquer is needed for the guns, and particularly for the tin canisters, some of them being already corroding from rust consequent upon exposure. there are 200 rounds of cartridges for each gun (8-inch), but there is not an equal number of projectiles, and I would recommend the deficiency be supplied with canister. For 32-pounder rifles there are but 50 cartridges and 85 projectiles, each of which are insufficient. there should be supplied 153 cartridges more to give each 24 and 32 pounder smooth-bore 200 rounds each. I cannot consider the work in a thoroughly complete condition for defense until the present quantity of cartridges and projectiles be equalized, and in some instances the amount should be raised. Of the quantity you will be informed by reference to the table.

New lines: Generally in fair order; the guns being all in serviceable condition, but these and the carriages, as well as the projectiles, require paint and lacquer. New ammunition-chests should be supplied, else those now at the works should be repaired. They are in several instances defective about the covers. New sponge-heads and rammers are to some extent needed. A quantity of ammunition, damaged and already condemned, should be removed by the district ordnance officer, who has, I am informed, been already notified. Such things are useless at posts such as these; are entirely in the way, there being scarcely room for such as are indispensable.

The magazine at Numbers 2 is subject to excessive dampness, occasioned by rise of water to the surface of the earth, and is therefore unreliable. Though irrelevant to my inspection of the batteries, I would state that a quantity of small-gun ammunition is at the magazine, which has been exposed in water and may be damaged. The bags for the cartridges are worn and cut by moths.

The parapets are washing from want of sodding. Numbers 1 has less than 10 rounds and the charges for the 12-pounder rifled are 2 pounds. They should be reduced to 1.5 pounds. Numbers 5 has reported one-quarter pound cartridges for 24-pounder howitzers, which of course are worthless for that gun, and even-admitting them to be 1.25 they are then too small and should be increased.

Battery Pringle is in very good order in every respect, except that a 32-pounder rifle carriage wants as iron band to stay the brace and

