
The Tenth Army Corps will commence leaving for Fortress Monroe this evening. I hope to have from 7,000 to 10,000 men there by the 20th. It is impossible to do better. I inclose a list of the regiments that are to remain in this department. The furloughed veterans should not be detained North. The Twenty-fifth Ohio should be sent here without delay. The fragment of it that did not go on furlough is serving with a regiment that is to remain. When the veterans return there will be 16,086 effective men in this department, which I deem sufficient for a safe defense of the positions we now hold on this coast. Another colored regiment and, if possible, two of them ought to be sent here. I estimate that 5,000 men on Morris and Folly Islands, 5,000 in the vicinity of Port Royal Harbor and Fort Pulaski, and 5,000 in Florida are ample for defensive purposes, but if one or two more colored regiments can be spared for this command they should be sent. The principal cause of delay in moving the command north arises from its scattered condition and the uncertainty of crossing the bars with our steamers. If a northeaster should set in, it would stop our movements in concentrating troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 154. Hilton Head, S. C., April 13, 1864.

I. the following-named regiments and companies will proceed immediately to Hilton Head and report at these headquarters. They will bring their camp and garrison equipage and 100 rounds of ammunition for the infantry (40 rounds with the men and 60 in boxes): One hundredth New York Volunteers, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, Ninth Maine Volunteers, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Third New York Volunteers, Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, and First Connecticut Light Battery.

II. Colonel W. W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania volunteers, will proceed with the following-named regiments to Hilton Head, without delay: One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

III. The following-named regiments will proceed to Folly Island and report to the officer commanding the Northern District: Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Colored Volunteers, Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Colored Volunteers.

IV. The following-named regiments and companies will proceed immediately to Hilton Head and report at these headquarters. They will bring their camp and garrison equipage and 100 rounds of ammunition for the infantry (40 rounds with the men and 60 in boxes): Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York volunteers, Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Fourth

