
SAVANNAH, May 27, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Major-General McLaws desires greatly to have his adjutant, Major James M. Goggin, now with General Kershaw, sent to Savannah for duty. Can it be done?

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,May 27, 1864.

Major FRANK S. PARKER,

Aide-de-Camp to General Bragg, Richmond:

MAJOR: I received to-day your letter of the 23 instant,* written by direction of General Bragg, inclosing a copy of a letter addressed to him by a committee of gentlemen representing the district of country near Georgetown, S. C., and my attention is invited to their representations.

The order withdrawing a part of the troops from that district of country was telegraphed from Richmond on the 18th of March last. The tri-monthly return from that district shows the total defective present to have been on the 10th of March (eight days before any of the troops were ordered off), 558; on the 20th of April (the day I assumed command of this department), 420, and on the 20th of this month, 554. It will thus be seen, by the last return received, that the force in that district was less by only 4 men than it was before the troops were removed from the department, whilst in the whole department the force has been reduced, by transfers to other fields, by two-thirds of its numbers. I am well aware of the value and importance of the district of country near Georgetown, S. C., and the inadequacy of the force for its protection, but it is by no means the only district in the department that is inadequately defended. I regret very much that I cannot place in the district a force sufficient for its protection, but really cannot do so with a due regard to the general interest of the department. My tri-monthly returns show the number and location of the troops in the department. If it is the number and location of the troops in the department. If it is thought at the War Department that they are unfairly or injudiciously distributed and located, I have only to be so informed and I will make such changes as may be directed.

The gentlemen who addressed General Bragg on this subject complain that the War Department had refused to send six 10-inch of columbiads that had been promised for the defense of their section of country. I am in no way responsible for their refusal, but finding that they had been refused, I, a few days after entering on command, made a requisition for four 10-inch columbiads, and represented that I thought them very necessary for the defense of that district, and expected to send them besides two 30-pounder Parrotts. As yet the requisition has not been noticed. I think it of very great importance that the guns I have asked for should be sent to that district, and again I respectfully urge that they be sent without delay.

Very respectfully, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

