
[Sixth indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,McPhersonville, June 18, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

At the time of the attack on Battery Wagner last summer many of the troops at Savannah were ordered to Charleston, and their places supplied by the withdrawal of forces from Florida. Company D, Fourth Florida Battalion, among others, was ordered by Brigadier General Howell Cobb, commanding District of Middle Florida, to report to Major-General Gilmer in Savannah, and after a short term of duty near that city, being by him, in Special Orders, Numbers 26, current series, transferred to this district, it was stationed by Brigadier-General Walker at Combahee Ferry. I am not aware of any orders from the War Department respecting this company.

C. J. COLCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Seventh indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, Ga., June 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

My indorsement upon Captain Tanner's communication, requesting that Lieutenant McClung be returned to duty with his company (Company D, Fourth Florida Battalion), explains the reasons why that company was never sent from the Third Military District.

The following is a copy of this indorsement.

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sub-indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, June 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned to department headquarters.

Company D, Fourth Florida Battalion (so called), came to the command last August from the District of Florida, in answer to a call from General Beauregard for 500 men to re-enforce the District of Georgia. From all I can learn, Captain Tanner claimed to belong at first to the Second Florida Battalion, but subsequently returned his company as Company D, Fourth Florida Battalion. I am unable to say which of these organizations he belongs to; but as no application has ever been made by any officer of any battalion or regiment from Florida for the return of this company to its proper command, it has always been regarded at the headquarters of District of Georgia as an unattached company.

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., May 30, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Captain Mickler's, Read's, and Buist's companies of the Eleventh, Twenty-first, and Twenty-seventh South Carolina Regiments, aggregate 263, started yesterday for Richmond. Also, within the last

