
Massachusetts Cavalry, Light Company B, First U. S. Artillery, Light Company M, First U. S. Artillery, Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery, Light Company C, Third Rhode Island Artillery.

V. The following-named regiments, having reported for duty in this department, will proceed to Beaufort, S. C., and report to the post commander: Twenty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Colored Volunteers.

* * *

XIV. The following-named regiments of the Tenth Army Corps will proceed to Fortress Monroe by the steamer Fulton, and the senior officer will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina: Eighth Maine Volunteers, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers.

XV. Pending the action of the Secretary of War upon the application of Brigadier General T. Seymour to be relieved from duty in this department, he will proceed to New York and there await action upon his application.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colored and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that I may be relieved from duty in the Department of the South, with as little delay as possible, and that I may be ordered to proceed to New York, to report thence to the General-in-Chief for further orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of communication of the 12th instant, in regard to holding certain regiments of this command in readiness to embark at short notice, and to report that I have issued the orders required.

As the remaining troops of this command will be utterly insufficient to maintain our present extended lines, I have the honor to request instructions as early as practicable in regard to the position that I am to hold after the departure of these regiments.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

