
Another view: In this State much of the population under eighteen able to bear arms and between forty-five and fifty, in those districts where there is a large slave population and themselves or their parents owning slaves, have gone voluntarily into service, whilst in the non-slave holding sections of the State, the conscription having taken those between eighteen and forty-five, the only classes left at home to raise supplies are of the classes first above mentioned, and these classes somewhat reduced by volunteering previous to the passage of the conscript act.

I therefore feel it my duty in the most earnest manner to urge the Government not to call these troops into the field, but to supply the wants of Charleston, if any wants actually exist, from the troops already in Confederate service.

Very respectfully, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the consideration of the President, whose judgment on the application submitted is desired by me before replying.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 16, 1864.

The views of the Governor would be readily accepted if the basis on which they rest was correct. It is because we cannot send troops from the army to protect the coast that we, of necessity, and I hope temporarily, call for reserves. Frequent reliefs of those furnished will diminish the evil, but, under existing circumstances, the use of the reserves to aid in the defense of the frontiers of South Carolina is a necessity.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SUMTER, June 3, 1864-4 p. m.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please inform me whether any indulgence can be allowed my petition; whether you have acted on it, and telegraphed to Secretary of War, and whether under the peculiar circumstances I can warrantably detain the men here beyond to-night.

JNO. JOHNSON,

Captain of Engineers, in Charge.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 3, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Savannah, Ga.:

The major-general commanding desires that you send Bonaud's battalion on at once to Virginia.

By command:

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

