
CHARLESTON, S. C., June 3, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Savannah, Ga.:

If you consider it necessary to retain Bonaud's battalion to save the Water Witch, do so, but send it on afterward as speedily as possible.

By order:

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 4, 1864.

Major JOHN D. ASHMORE,

Commandant Post, Greenville, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your communication of the 31st received and has been laid before the major-general commanding, who regrets extremely that he has no disposable cavalry to send to you assistance. The troops on the sea-board have been so depleted to re-enforce the armies of Virginia and Tennessee that he has not a cavalryman to spare. Your communications have been forwarded to the War Department.

The major-general commanding is determined to leave no stone unturned to rid the mountains of the band of ruffians that now infest them, and he is accordingly organizing for that purpose a small party of determined men under a most energetic and reliable officer. It will probably amount to 30 or 40 picked soldiers. They will be provided with a pack of well-trained dogs, and if the expedition is secretly and energetically carried out there is every prospect that severe punishment will be meted out to these outlaws. Our success is entirely dependent on secrecy, and it is hoped that you will bear this in mind, and I have thus informed you of the contemplated enterprise, knowing that implicit confidence may be placed in your judgment, secrecy, and discretion. You will see by this that the general has not forgotten your up-county districts, and though the force that will be sent is far from being commensurate with the extent of country to be cleared, it is hoped that some severe examples may at least deter the deserters from venturing on further atrocities in your neighborhood.

The general has further relied a great deal on the reserve force of the State to protect its borders from predatory incursions, and when organized a portion of that force will be sent you and for the defense of the upper districts.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 4, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Savannah, Ga.:

As soon as the Water Witch is secured, send Bonaud's battalion on to Richmond to report to Brigadier-General Finegan. Send Company B, Captain Crawford, with the battalion. Telegraph when they leave.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

