
same regiment. If he calls on you, send them promptly with any other force you can collect. If you are threatened, call on him; he has been directed to respond to your call, and in the mean time to communicate with you. If you are both threatened, I of course will decide which of you shall re-enforce the other.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 9, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Seventh Military District:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has received information from the President that the enemy in our front contemplates making a raid from Port Royal through our lines against Augusta. The force in this department at present being so very much reduced, it becomes very important to have the troops in such a condition that they can be removed at once to any point on the line of railroad Between Charleston and Savannah. You will hold in readiness one of your best batteries of light artillery ready to be transported by cars to any point on the railroad. You will also proceed with as little delay as possible to equip the companies of Black's regiment, South Carolina Cavalry (now with you), as to render them serviceable for active duty, with their horses, at any point the general commanding may direct.

The above is only intended for you to have the troops ready should the commanding general be compelled to call upon you. You will be telegraphed whenever any troops are wanted. Major Pringle, quartermaster, has ordered to keep transportation on Charleston and Savannah Railroad ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. C. WARWICK,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 9, 1864.

Colonel COLCOCK,

Commanding:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has ordered two companies of the Thirty-second Georgia Volunteers to Pocotaligo, to be disposed of in your district as you may think most advisable. Your telegram of this morning's date, asking for more cavalry, has been received. At the present moment it is not considered advisable to comply with your request, as it is unknown when and where the contemplated raid of the enemy may take place, and all portions of the coast have to be attended to. The only positive information we have is that the enemy is fitting out a raid at Port Royal for the object of destroying the powder mills at Augusta or releasing the prisoners at Andersonville, Ga. With this meager information it would be unadvisable to concentrate troops in any one district, and we must rely upon a system of mutual support, but above all, in careful and accurate

