
observation of the enemy's movements in our front. General Robertson has been ordered, in case of demonstration in your district, to send you all his available men, and in case of an attack on General Robertson's district you must do the same. In the mean time you will communicate with General Robertson on the subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 10, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Your telegram of yesterday received. It might be of service to me to know more accurately the information Governor Brown has received and from what source. I think it probable he received it in part from me in a dispatch I sent him on the 31st ultimo. I will take all precautions in my power.

SAM. JONES.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,June 10, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: His Excellency the President and the Secretary of War inform me that you have received information of contemplated raid by the enemy from Hilton Head to Augusta and other points in Georgia. I will do all in my power to frustrate their designs if they attempt to carry them out. It might aid me somewhat to know more accurately the information you have received, and if you have no objection, I shall be glad if you will communicate it to me. And whilst I command this department I will esteem it a favor if Your Excellency will communicate to me any information you may receive of the enemy's movements or plans which you can with propriety give me.

In this particular case I should be glad to know if your information is subsequent or prior to the 26th ultimo. On that day four or five of the enemy's transports and gun-boats came up the Ashepoo, but were promptly met and driven back with the loss of one transport burned. On examining the transport the charred carcasses of 100 or 200 horses were found. I supposed at the time that the expedition was composed of a regiment of cavalry, recently sent from Boston to this coast, and that they had probably started on a raid which was defeated and driven back with the loss of a third or fourth of the horses and a number of the men.

I had previously given orders to organize the clerks and employees in the different military offices at Augusta, and such other men as could be procured, to be used for local defense in an emergency, and an officer whom I sent to Augusta to hurry forward the organization informs me it is progressing rapidly and well.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

