
is then allowed on his own responsibility to permit the boat to pass, provided it answers when hailed, "Confederate picket-boat, Numbers -," or shows three white lights. By displaying these signals to the sentinels any boat can pass out at any time of the night, and as these are standing signals and known to every parapet sentinel, and therefore also public signals, it would seem to be an easy matter for any small boat to pass out of this harbor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IREDELL JONES,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Sullivan's Island, June 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The boat was moored at the usual place, under charge of the sentinel at the bridge. The guard has been doubled. I would request that the navy picket-boats be required to give the pass-word in passing and repassing the batteries.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Sullivan's Island, June 12, 1864.

Lieutenant S. C. BOYLSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sullivan's Island:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the boat belonging to the engineer department, placed under my charge, was stolen from the Cove wharf on the night of the 10th June. The boat was moored at her usual landing, and the oars, sail, &amp;c., were taken up to my tool-house and there locked up. Oars must have been obtained elsewhere, as all of mine are under lock and key at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN J. WHITE,

Lieutenant of Engineers, in Charge.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DIVISION,Sullivan's Island, June 14, 1864.

Lieutenant S. C. BOYLSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following extract from the remarks of the officer of the day:

I discovered at 1.45 this morning the fact that picket-boat Numbers 4 had not gone out at all, or had returned without reporting. The officer in charge, upon being ordered to go out by me, went immediately, but for some hours of a very dark night there was no picket-boat out from this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORMSBY BLANDING,

Major-Commanding.

