
on whom the blame rests. In consequence of these false reports, telegrams have been to the War Department informing the authorities of the large and threatening increase of the enemy's fleet, and on these unreliable reports false surmises have been made. The dangerous results of such patent carelessness cannot be overestimated. A rigid investigation is required.

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 140. Richmond, June 16, 1864.

* * * * *

XXIX. Captain R. H. Hill, assistant quartermaster, is relieved from duty at Kingsville, S. C., and will report to Brigadier General James Chesnut at Columbia, S. C., for assignment to duty with the reserve forces of South Carolina.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, June 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports from observatories state the enemy's fleet to consist of 5 monitors, 7 schooners, 4 barks, and 2 steamers off Morris Island; 2 transports, and 5 schooners in Light-House Inlet; 3 gun-boats, 1 transports, and 6 schooners off Cole's Island; 1 gun-boat, 1 transport, and 2 schooners in Folly River. Yesterday evening, in reply to the practice, the inlet batteries fired 65 shells as Secessionville, doing no damage. This morning at 5 o'clock the Long Island batteries commenced a brisk fire at the same place from four guns and threw 35 shells, damaging the elevating bed of Numbers 6, rifle 32-pounder.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, June 17, 1864.

Colonel A. RHETT,

Sullivan's Island:

COLONEL: I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of the report of Lieutenant Iredell Jones upon his investigation of the loss of the engineer boat on the 10th instant. The report is not satisfactory to the brigadier-general commanding. There seems to have been not only culpable negligence on the part of some of your command in allowing the boat to be taken, but in not reporting the fact. Information of the desertion of the 4 men, who doubtless carried this boat

