
away, was received from the enemy before any report was made of the matter by you or any one else on Sullivan's Island. The brigadier-general commanding hopes that a proper exercise of vigilance will in future prevent a recurrence of such things.

Commodore Tucker has been requested to have the navy picket boats give the pass-word in passing and repassing your batteries, in accordance with your suggestion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 18, 1864.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch of 16th received to-day and will be attended to. Since my telegram of 15th instant two large transports with troops have gone to sea, believed to have gone north. All quiet.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, Ga., June 19, 1864.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have received several applications from females, whose husbands have been taken prisoners, at various times, while endeavoring to run the blockade. Their families are in destitute circumstances and desire to go North to their relations and friends. I respectfully request authority to send them by flag of truce, via Pocotaligo, to Port Royal Ferry. With proper precautions, I think that route offers less objections than any other within my command. I would like to get authority, also, to send out of Savannah the families of those soldiers who have deserted from our army from time to time. I ask this as a precaution against attempts to communicate with the enemy. I wish to send them by Pocotaligo to Port Royal also.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 20, 1864.

Flag-Officer J. R. TUCKER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th, announcing the organization of the Charleston Naval Battalion. He will be very happy to have its assistance should circumstances render it necessary, and fully appreciates the cordial co-operation you have evinced in your efforts to add to the strength of the forces for the protection of the city from

