HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: As it is of great importance, in the present state of our forces, to cause the defensive works of our most important points to be finished without delay, and of but little less to effect this object with as little interference with the agricultural labor of the country as possible, I desire that you will take steps to obtain from the rice planters in this vicinity the services of as many hands as can be spared during the coming period when their crop is laid by, and make such preparation as will insure that this labor shall be expended to the best advantage, and that proper care and attention is given to the negroes.

It is my wish that under no circumstances shall be negroes be retained when their services are required for gathering in the crop. The usual pay will be allowed and the labor furnished by each planted reported to the State agent to be credited him in future calls.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 23, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Savannah, Ga., and

Colonel C. J. COLCOCK,

Pocotaligo, S. C.:

At 10 a. m. a large side-wheel transport with a large monitor in tow came from the north and passed the bar, going south. Monitor very large; believed to have two turrets. Keep sharp lookout and notify the commanding general of its arrival and movements.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 145. Richmond, June 23, 1864.

* * * * *

XIII. Captain J. H. Thomas, assistant quartermaster, will relieve Captain T. W. Neely, assistant quartermaster, on duty with the river batteries near Savannah, Ga. Captain Neely, on being relieve,d will report to Major General J. F. Gilmer for assignment to duty as transportation quartermaster at Savannah, Ga.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

