
senior officer will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina: Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

III. The following-named regiment of the Tenth Army Corps will proceed to Fortress Monroe, by the steamer S. R. Spaulding, and the senior officer will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina: Seventh Connecticut Volunteers.

IV. Lieutenant J. S. Gibbs, First U. S. Artillery, will proceed with Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, to Fortress Monroe, and report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 14, 1864.

Colonel GUY V. HENRY,

Commanding Light Brigade:

COLONEL: With your command, which is to consist of the battalion Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, six companies of the Third New Hampshire Mounted Infantry, and a section of James' artillery, you will scout the country lying between the Saint John's River and the coast, from Volusia to opposite Jacksonville. you will establish in the vicinity of Saint Augustine a camp, at which you will keep your dismounted men and broken-down horses. Forage and provisions will be drawn from the post at Saint Augustine on requisitions and returns. Small parties finding it most convenient to go to Picolata for provisions and forage will find a supply there for issue to them.

You will use every endeavor to assure the citizens within the district assigned for your duties of the protection and good will of the U. S. Government, and will arrest and send to Jacksonville all persons you may find endeavoring to intimidate loyal men or furnishing information to the enemy.

bushwhacking is so far unknown in this State, but should it be attempted you will punish in the most summary manner any person detected in the act. Neglect no opportunity of ascertaining the feelings to the prominent citizens in the country toward the Government. Memoranda on this subject will be made and forwarded to these headquarters as confidential communications.

You will appoint a discreet person to act as provost-marshal, who will examine suspected persons, administer the oath of allegiance to loyal citizens, &amp;c. He will keep records of his examinations and of the persons to whom the oath is administered, giving place of residence, and will report from time to time to the provost-marshal of the district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

