
3 1/2-inch Blakely guns to the batteries in Georgia, as well as the other section when the carriages are prepared, and desires that you have it attended to as early as possible. General Jones considers it advisable that our light batteries should be armed with a heavier class of guns than 6-pounders with as little delay as possible, and wishes you to renew your requisitions on the Ordnance Department for 12-pounder Napoleons and 10-pounder Parrotts, if you think it would expedite matters. In the event of operations on this coast during the summer months we shall have to rely mainly on the light batteries for defense. As heretofore, all guns for this department when received will be assigned by the chief of artillery with the approval of the commanding general.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your telegram in relation to the torpedoes was received and immediately referred to the officer charged with their care to have them replaced. I will have an investigation made into the delay, of which you complain in your letter of the 25th instant, and see that the previous orders are promptly carried out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, June 28, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Commanding, &c., Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 23 instant, just received, the major-general commanding directs me to say that it will be impossible to supply the guns required from this place. he has forwarded your letter, however, to Colonel Gorgas, to know whether they can be procured from Richmond; meanwhile the preparations for occupying the point indicated can be pushed forward in order that they may be in readiness to receive the guns if they can be furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 29, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia:

I regret that I am compelled to call your attention to the great want of slave labor to work on the fortifications for the defense of this State. The chief engineer of this district reports that he abso-

