
the time of the excitement incident to the reported raid from Port Royal, be sent back to the Georgia coast, so as to picket the most important and exposed points.

I have called on Colonel Browne, aide-de-camp of the President, who is superintendent of conscription in the State of Georgia, requesting him to give me the use of six companies, or of some companies which he has under his control by authority from Richmond, and which are now on duty through the State arresting deserters and conscripts. No answer has been received to my application. I will make requisition on General Cobb for some more companies of reserves. Unless I receive those re-enforcements it will not require a large force to land and burn the bridges over the Altamaha and Ogeechee, and there are no works to defend the Ogeechee bridge and the long trestle on the west side.

There is or was a considerable excitement a few days ago in Pierce County, caused by a number of women armed with guns and pistols, who broke open a store-house of one of the tithe collectors, and carried off several wagon-loads of bacon, and burned some houses. A prominent citizen who came up to inform me of it, stated that the people of property were much alarmed, as the women boasted that they had plenty of men to back them if resisted, and they stated that there were a number of deserters in the Okefenokee Swamp who, they said, would soon commence carrying off the negroes, as the Yankees had offered them $50 in gold for every negro they run off. I sent Colonel Fiser there, with an armed party, to examine into the matter. I mention this to show the bad effects which will follow should the regiment by moved at once, and, therefore, to request that the movement may be delayed until I hear from Colonel Browne and General Cobb, and can get the re-enforcements on the way at least to take their places. The delay which will necessarily ensue from waiting for the regiment to concentrate will perhaps answer all purposes, but one or two days more may be necessary. I have given Colonel Colcock authority to visit you in Charleston in order to represent the consequences to follow from the withdrawal of Kirk's squadron from his command at this time, and request your consideration on the subject.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROYALL'S, July 1, 1864-11 a. m.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW:

The reports from observatories state that there were off Cole's Island 1 gun-boat, 1 transport, and 6 schooners; in Folly River 1 gun-boat, 1 transport, and 1 schooner, and 2 schooners in Light-House Inlet. There are off Morris Island 5 monitors, 4 steamers, and 8 sailing vessels. Thirty-five shots were fired at Secessionville yesterday. We did not reply; no damage done. Nineteen boat-loads of troops were landed up to dark on Long Island last evening, and two this morning. There are a number of small boats collected about Light-House Inlet.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

