
ROYALL'S, July 1, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Major STRINGFELLOW:

The enemy's pickets fired on ours this evening from Dixon's Island. They have cut away the trees and undergrowth on Horse Island, so as to open the right of our picket-line to the fire of their gun-boats from below the obstructions. The enemy are reported as being unusually active.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 1, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Savannah, Ga.:

Send on the six companies Fourth Georgia Cavalry, and let the rest follow as soon as possible. The desired order in regard to Kirk's battalion has been given, and General Anderson has been directed to send you Colonel Hood's battalion also.

By order:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 1, 1864.

Major General L. McLAWS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Savannah:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 29th ultimo, in regard to Brigadier-General Jackson, has been referred to the War Department for the decision of the question involved, though the major-general commanding sees no reason to change the opinion already expressed. In his judgment any other construction of the law would involve very serious practical difficulties. It was supposed that General Jackson reported to you with a command of reserves, under orders from the officer charged with the organization of such troops. As General Cobb does not report to these headquarters, the major-general commanding is ignorant of his instructions, but this would seem to be the extent of any order that he could give. Certainly an order for General Jackson to report for assignment as a general officer of the Provisional Army, C. S., appears to be in direct violation of the fourth paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 35, current series, the fourth paragraph of General's Office, as it could only be construed as detaching an officer and ordering him for assignment in another command. In that case General Jackson should have been directed to report to these headquarters, or, at least, the order should have been sent to you through the major-general commanding. The "previous authority," required by the general order in question, may have been received by General Cobb, but on this point nothing is here known.

Very respectfully, &c.,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

35 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

