SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 160. Hilton Head, S. C., April 15, 1864.

* * *

V. The following-named general officers are hereby relieved from duty in the District of Florida, and will report in person at these headquarters: Brigadier General R. S. Foster, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General A. Ames, U. S. Volunteers.

VI. Brigadier General William Birney is hereby relieved from duty at Beaufort, S. C., and will proceed to Jacksonville and report to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding District of Florida.

VII. The following-named regiment of the Tenth Army Corps will proceed by the steamer Arago to Fortress Monroe, and the senior officer will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina: One hundredth New York Volunteers.

VIII. The following-named regiment of the Tenth Army Corps will proceed by the steamers Arago and General Meigs to Fortress Monroe, and the commanding officer will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina: One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEAUFORT, S. C., April 15, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the troops recently sent here are perfectly raw recruits uninstructed in any of their duties. In consequence the fortifications here are entirely without artillerists to manage the guns. I therefore request that a full company at least of the Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery may be sent here as soon as possible to assist in the care of the works and the management of the guns. I would also call your attention to the great necessity of my having a light battery for the defense of the island.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

HILTON HEAD, S. C., April 15, 1864.

In the proposed arrangement of the troops to remain in this department, a light battery has been assigned to the Beaufort command.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

FLAG-SHIP NEW IRONSIDES,

Off Morris Island, S. C., April 16, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Headquarters, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of 14th of April, requesting that a strong naval force be kept in the Stono, and

