
suggesting that three gun-boats (steamers) would be sufficient; also that the Commodore McDonough be replaced by another light-draught gun-boat inside Light-House Inlet. In reply I would state that necessary repairs to the McDonough rendered her withdrawal from the inlet essential, nor can I at present detail another vessel for that station. I regret also to add that I have at this time no steamers available for the service required of them in the Stono, but will use my best endeavors to second your suggestion and send a force to that point at the earliest opportunity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. C. ROWAN,

Commodore, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA,Barrancas, Fla., April 16, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of April 4, Numbers 187, the following additional information in regard to affairs in my neighborhood, received from refugees, deserters, and my own scouts:

There is still a force concentrated a Pollard, about 10,000 strong, under command of General Cantey, organizing, collecting transportation, and preparing pontoon bridges. The troops which left Pollard in a southwesterly direction on the 8th of March, under General Clanton, comprising infantry, artillery, and cavalry, and numbering over 2,000, are operating in Santa Rosa and Walton Counties, up to Choctawhatchee River, with headquarters at McDade's Pond, between Yellow and Pea Rivers. Smaller parties, under command of Colonel Miller, are controlling the country between Escambia and Blackwater Rivers (Escambia County), scouting down to Gashorn's Point, where a schooner of ours, while collecting logs, was fired upon and driven back on the 10th instant. A third force is systematically co-operating between the Escambia and Perdido Rivers, and have already placed 7 miles of the Pensacola Railroad from pollard in running order.

In addition to the former force at the Fifteen-Mile Station the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, a full regiment, well mounted and well armed, has arrived, under Colonel Maury and Lieutenant-Colonel Myers. They are posted at the Seven-Mile Station (on the railroad, 7 miles above Pensacola) and at Turner's Mill, 4 miles west of Pensacola and 5 miles north of the Bayou Chico Creek, 1 3/4 miles from the mouth of the Bayou Grand. They are day and night repairing bridges and opening several parallel roads leading to the bayou and around its head to our position. Scouting parties from 75 to 100 strong are daily approaching our lines. Five hundred additional infantry were expected yesterday by Colonel Maury. Beyond the Perdido rebel cavalry is also on the alert at Camps Withers and Powell.

Thus it becomes evident that the heavy force at Pollard, the combined distribution of troops in half circle from the head of the Choctawhatchee Bay to the camps at McDade's Pond, Pollard, Fifteen-

