
Mile Station, on the Pensacola railroad, and the mouth of Perdido, in connection with the activity all around, is calculated for an attack, not only on this place and the navy-yard, but also for a night attack upon Fort Pickens from the Santa Rosa Island.

I have made a arrangements with the navy for proper co-operation, agreeing upon signals as given in inclosed Special Orders, Nos. 81 and 82, and hold my small command ready by day and night for any emergency, continually strengthening my position. But my handful of men is entirely inadequate to secure a long resistance to a tenfold superior force.

During the last three months I made several applications for re-enforcements and steamers with the view of advancing into the interior of West Florida and destroying the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad; now I am compelled to request, most respectfully and urgently, to be re-enforced with two regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry, to meet successfully the impeding attack and prevent a calamity which would, especially at the present juncture, prove a hard blow for us and an immense success for the rebels.

Commodore W. Smith has already removed the hospital from the navy-yard to the boats. I will remove nothing, but limit my preparations to a vigorous defense.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 162. Hilton Head, S. C., April 16, 1864.

* * *

II. Brigadier General I. Vogdes, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby ordered to assume command on board the U. S. transport Arago and proceed with her to Fortress Monroe.

He will report to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for the purpose of organizing the troops belonging to the Tenth Army Corps, as they arrive, in accordance with instructions received from these headquarters.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, April 17, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 7.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Send detachments belonging to regiments to remain in the Department of the South back to their regiments. All other troops belonging to Gillmore's forces send to him as soon as notice is received of his arrival at Fort Monroe.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

