
the commanding general of the department. In the present state of things it is impossible to send you either troops or labor. Both will be furnished as soon as practicable. I have called for the additional medical officer you require, and also requested that Mr. Mathewes be sent down to repair the boom. I have no doubt that both yourself and Captain Johnson will do all in your power for the security of the work, with your exceedingly limited means, and shall endeavor to increase the latter, if possible. Instructions have been given to Major Adams to open on the enemy when he is annoying you, to the extent that he can safely do. He has been deterred by the short supply of mortar powder, which it is hoped will be speedily remedied. You had best communicate with Colonel Yates, at Fort Johnson, direct. That officer is not in my command, but I will apply to headquarters to have directions given him to support you whenever possible. Whenever you have suspicions of assault do not hesitate in communicating and making your signals speedily. The moonlight nights and the ebb-tide in the darkness are circumstances in our favor for the present, and these may cause the enemy to postpone his action for a time, by which I hope to be enabled to re-enforce you and render you more secure.

I note what you say concerning sending reports of damage by telegraph, and I inclose a cipher for the most important words, which will enable you to send up a general account of the effects of the enemy's fire without risk of disclosure. It had best be communicated to none but the engineer officer. You will see how combinations can be made and the cipher increased. Whenever anything occurs write in your report to add to cipher such a word, signifying such a meaning, as nollop, signifies accurate, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. YATES,

Fort Johnson:

General Taliaferro reports two transports, with troops on board, left John's Island-one went to sea, the other stopped at Cole's Island. The major-general troops on Morris Island. Keep a good man on your lookout, and telegraph any movement of troops or transports in your front.

P. C. WARWICK,

Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. YATES,

Fort Johnson:

Five transports, loaded with troops, have gone to sea from the StoNumbers The lookout on observatory near you must keep sharp lookout and report promptly if they land on Morris Island, or anywhere with view.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

