
this morning a personal inspection. I think the engineers better attend to the weak points on these lines first, but I hope still that the armament of Tynes will be strengthened by the 10-inch guns ordered, but which, as yet, have not reached the island.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 12, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Royall's:

Send the two dismounted companies of Colonel Colcock's command back to him.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., July 12, 1864.

Colonel A. J. GONZALES,

Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your order I respectfully submit the subjoined report of the armament of Florida and its conditions.

First. The battery at Saint Mark's is at present in an inefficient state as a defense, being now in the hands of the engineers. When it shall have been completed its complement will consist of two 32-pounder smooth-bores; two 32-pounders, rifled, and one 24-pounder. This late named gun is not properly mounted, the front wheels of the chassis (center pintle) being adjusted with an iron flange over them which prevents the carriage from running into battery. This defect is apt to impair the sighting of the gun. I cannot discover affixed to the head of the chassis to facilitate loading. It has been requested of the headquarters at Tallahassee an approved. Some alteration in the interior arrangement of the magazine has been

ordered, and will be made. Ladles, worms, and sheepskins for new sponge heads are required. The rammer-heads should be countersunk for loading shell. Bolts for the rifles are required. For the smooth-bores there is a sufficient quantity for present use. I would suggest the withdrawal of about 100 24-pounder shot and replace them with shell, and the withdrawal of fifty-nine 32-pounder cartridges, to be converted into 24-pounder cartridges, that gun being deficient. The primers are defective. The fuses are good, but should be from 5 inches to 10 inches instead of 4 inches. The magazine is in such a condition that nothing but confusion and delay could arise in the event of an attack, as no arrangement is apparent. It needs sodding. No planking is upon the floor, yet boxes of cartridges. No planking is upon the floor, yet boxes of cartridges and powder are kept upon it and in the gallery, where the ground is proverbially damp. The carriages will be ruined unless protected form exposure. The guns need tampions to keep out sand, and lacquer to prevent rust, but, from the difficulty of procuring this, coal-tar and spirits of turpentine should be obtained. The district ordnance officer throws the getting of these upon the commanding officer of the garrison, a thing unwarranted by custom or regulation, it being clearly the ordnance officer's duty to supply them. A number of old carriages should be removed to a move retired part of the garrison to improve police. the barrack quarters are neatly kept. The roof needs repairing. The kitchens

