
should be floored to enhance the neatness and improve the hygiene. The garrison here are compelled to carry their fuel upon their backs for 1 1\2 miles (about) for want of transportation. It has been required by me and supplied. The artillery drill is fair only. The discipline seems to be sufficient for practical purpose. complaint is made against the ration as being insufficient, but all other commands are satisfied.

Second. Apalachicola River: Hammock's Landing, four 24's and two 32's, smooth-bores. This battery is nearly a parallel to Fort Cobb, and like it is in charge of a picket wholly unacquainted with the most important duties of a battery. The guns are not mounted upon proper carriages, they being too large, and need repairs, and unless painted or sheltered will rapidly decay. The magazine is apparently dry, but kept in most abominable order. With some exceptions the powder is good, but the bags are badly cut by months. The battery has been neglected and needs repair, and in its present condition can make but a feeble defense, as nothing is in its proper place with but few exceptions. There is a number (greatly in excess of what is requisite) of sponges and rammers, and of improper calibers that should be put in depot. From the condition of these defenses you will see that inattention exists. There are two spare carriages lying in the weeds exposed to all kinds of weather. I regret these strictures upon the district ordnance department, but duty compels them. There are some carriages at Chattahoochee Landing that are without any especial charge apparently. I understood one chassis floated off during the late freshet and went 100 miles nearly. Certainly some steps should be taken to require closer attention to the forts in the Sub-District Numbers 1 of this State on the part of the ordnance officer. There was no report of stores at this post by which I could find the quantity. I observed a number of defective shot which should be rejected.

Third. Fort Cobb; On the Apalachicola River, just above the obstructions, so that it can be easily flanked. The post is to be abandoned and a company goes to-morrow, 13th instant, to remove the armament, three 32-pounders and two 24-pounder. The carriages need repairing and paint to preserve them. The ammunition there is, with a few exceptions, in good order, but the battery is not, and has not been for months, in condition to resist even a feeble attack. There is a ridiculous exceptions, in good order, the battery is not, and has not been for months, in condition to resist

even a feeble attack. There is a ridiculous excess of some les important equipments and a lamentable deficiency of others indispensable to a fort. It is to be hoped that when the engineers shall have completed the new work, something approaching a proper distribution of ordnance supplies will be observed. There are, for instance, a large number of sponges and sixteen priming wires for five guns' about thirty or forty fuses and friction primers. These are what I observed, and not kept in any degree of order. The district ordnance officer is required by regulations to see that the batteries of his commander's district are properly supplied, and of this he should be reminded when derelict, so as to give at least an appearance of a national defense to the works. The guns are of light caliber, as you will observe, and now that they are to be dismounted, I would suggest advantage be taken of the circumstances to rifle them, and have them mounted upon carriages of proper size. The magazine is badly constructed, and the way in which it is kept reflects no credit the ordnance officer of the district.

Fourth. Light artillery: At Iola, on the Apalachicola (Captain W. H. Milton, Company A, Fifth Florida Battalion Cavalry), are four

