
iron 6-pounders. The ammunition is good with a few exceptions. One limber chest is defective; it has neither horses nor caissons.

Fifth. Milton Artillery: Company B, Captain Abell, was not inspected, as your telegram came for me to return to Charleston. Company A, Captain J. L. Dunham: Of this command there is but one section, a 12-pounder howitzer, and one 12-pounder Napoleon,soon to be turned over to the ordnance department and a four-gun Napoleon battery issued. The section now in service is out of order. The horses are extremely inferior and have been brought form Palatka to Gainesville to recruit, but from the difficulty in procuring forage, I requested Major-General Anderson to permit them to come to Lake City. It was agreed to. Captain Dunham can there better reorganize his company, most of whom are now detailed. The command could not be minutely inspected from this cause, and the ammunition report was not considered requisite, as the guns are to be turned over. No complaint is made of the ration. Upon a former inspection this command was drilled and was found conversant with tactics.

Sixth. Kilcrease Artillery, Captain F. L. Villepigue: A more favorable report of this battery might be made if the command admitted it. The men are not well drilled, and in mechanical maneuvers, which are necessary, they are particularly deficient. The camp is not regularly built, which perhaps arises from want of material. The men do not appear disciplined. No camp guard is kept, though it is an advanced post. The captain informs me he does not think one necessary, but without this there is no guarantee that his camp may not be entered by any disaffected person, and his guns spiked and other damage done. It is recommended a guard be ordered from headquarters. The battery horses are guarded and are in fair condition and well stabled. The practice of permitting the men to use them should be abandoned. Three are reported unserviceable and should be surveyed. The chests are badly packed. The harness is in good order except the collars. The spare wheels do not fit and are therefore useless extra weight. The ammunition with a few exceptions is good. Your attention is drawn to the accompanying letter, marked A. Private Pickett, of this battery, has not a change of clothing even in this warm climate, and many are without shoes, an indispensable [article] to health, as the camp is upon extremely damp ground. The camp has no skins. NO complaint is made against rations. The status of the company is to be found appended.

Seventh. Horse artillery: of this there is a section at Camp Milton, under command of Lieutenant T. J. Bruton, one 3 1\2-inch rifle, and one 12-pounder boat howitzer. For this section there are but 16 privates as drivers and cannoneers, so that even now, before accident of any kind reduces them, the guns must be worked by 3 men. You then just must judge of the efficiency of the organization. The horses of the battery are in fair order and the harness good, but the horses of the cannoneers are indifferent, and one of them unserviceable. As the guns were at Lake City undergoing repairs, the detachment was not drilled; indeed, the detachment seems to have but little organization. Lieutenant Bruton reports the general orders not received, and the articles of war not read.

Eighth. In connection with this report i would suggest that Captain John H. Tiller's company be sent as a garrison to Hammock's landing battery. They are light artillerymen, but their guns have been

