
Captain Johnson has been the engineer officer of the fort since the 7th of April, 1863, and his activity, energy, and skill have principally contributed to the material preparation and repair which have thus far enabled the garrison to withstand the unprecedented cannonade and bombardment to which the work has been subjected.

His services in this position are eminently entitled to recognition, and his general qualifications are such as would enable him to perform the duties of a higher rank than for which he is recommended.

The possession of Fort Sumter, besides its material necessity, has become a point of honor, and I think there can be no doubt of the propriety of fully, recognizing the services of those who are engaged in its gallant defense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, July 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded and most cordially recommended.

Whilst. I fully indorse all that General Ripley has said of the merits of the two officers. I will add that their promotion will, in my opinion, be not only a reward of merit, but will stimulate others to emulate their example.

I have heretofore recommended Captain Johnson's promotion, and believing as I do that very much of the credit of the defense of Fort Sumter is due to the skill, zeal, and indomitable energy of Captain Johnson, I earnestly renew my former recommendation.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Charleston, S. C., July 16, 1864.

Captain J. R. TUCKER,

Flag-Officer Commanding Afloat, Charleston Harbor:

CAPTAIN: Brigadier-General Ripley directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, and to say that most of the troops which were drown from Sullivan's Island a few days since have returned, and the necessity for the presence of the Confederate steamer Chicora off Sullivan's Island is not now so urgent. He thanks you for your prompt assistance.

The paroles and countersigns are inclosed. They will hereafter be sent you regularly. They were only omitted at the expiration of the last list, because it was supposed they were furnished you from the headquarters of the department.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

