
ounces of quinine which could be bought at a comparatively low price. Soon after I entered on command here the medical director informed me that you had directed the issue of medicated whisky instead of quinine as a prophylactic, and I understood there was a full supply of the former, but it was a mistake; neither the medicated whisky nor the infusion of indigenous bark was furnished, and you informed the medical director that the whisky could not be furnished. In the mean time, whilst waiting for the preparation of the infusion of bark, the sick list was increasing daily, and the most sickly season had not commenced. I was assured by my proper officer that a prophylactic of some sort was urgently needed; that quinine was here in the city; that it was better than anything else for the purpose proposed, and was very much cheaper than the medicated whisky. I accordingly directed in to be purchased and issued. When any other prophylactic is supplied for the use of the troops in malarious districts of this department, the issue of quinine will be discontinued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 182. Charleston, S. C., July 19, 1864.

* * * *

VI. Pursuant to orders from the War Department, Brigadier General J. K. Jackson, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed without delay to Savannah, Ga., and report to Major-General McLaws, commanding District of Georgia and Third Military District of South Carolina, for assignment to duty.

VII. Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding First Military District, in addition to his present duties, will assume command of Fourth Military District during the absence of Brigadier-General Trapier (on sick leave).

* * * *

By command of Major-General Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Charleston, S. C., July 20, 1864.

Captain JONES JOHNSON,

Engineer, Fort Sumter:

CAPTAIN: Huguenin will be over as soon as he can cross with safety. Keep the garrison in good spirits. There is no danger yet. If all do their duty as you and Mitchel have done, Huguenin will be equal to the emergency. Show this to Huguenin and tell him to report his arrival by telegraph. Give him all the necessary information when he arrives.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

38 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

