HEADQUARTERS, Savannah, Ga., August 1, 1864.

Major STRINGFELLOW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received several letters from prominent persons in Augusta representing that it is the prevailing feeling among the people in that city another commanding officer should be sent to have charge of military operations. As the news from the front this evening is more favorable, I will leave for Augusta to-morrow, and after examination will report the result of my investigation.

To guard the Federal prisoners now here I have been compelled to stop the public works in order to obtain a sufficient force. The First Georgia Regulars were promised from Charleston, and relying upon their being here I sent two companies of infantry, one of cavalry, and a section of artillery to guard commissary stores at Tennille, protect Ogeechee bridge, and a quantity of bridge timber at Numbers 10, Central Railroad. The First Georgia not being heard form, although I have asked by telegraph three separate times concerning them, I have ordered back to this place the two companies of infantry to be followed by the other forces in a day or two. But that will not relieve the reserve local force entirely. I have asked you to inform me how long it is probable the Federal prisoners will remain here, so that I might judge whether or not it is advisable to construct a secure work for their safe keeping,but no reply has received. I judge that you did not get my communications, and therefore request to be informed if the First Georgia Regulars will be returned, and how long will the Federal prisoners remain here probably.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

TALLAHASSEE, August 1, 1864. (Via Columbus, 2nd. Received 3rd.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received a copy of the following telegram, viz:

LAKE CITY, August 1, 1864.

Major E. C. SIMKINS,

Quartermaster:

The enemy crossed the Saint Mary's River yesterday, 8 miles north of Colonel McCormick's camp at the trestle, at 12 o'clock. This information was communicated to this place at 1 o'clock this morning. Since then we hear firing. The report is, they were marching on Lake City. Most of the public property has been removed up the road. Communication by the wires with McCormick cut off.

H. R. TEASDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

We have comparatively no force to defend even this place form the enemy. If troops with an efficient commander are not sent here promptly all will be lost.

JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida.

