
V. Colonel William Miller, of the First Regiment Florida Volunteers, is relieved from duty as commandant of conscripts in Florida, and will report for duty with his command.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 3, 1864.

His Honor CHARLES MACBETH,

Mayor of Charleston:

SIR: I am informed that a steamer arrived at this port this morning from Nassau. I also hear that the yellow fever prevails at Nassau to a considerable extent. May I ask you if the quarantine laws are strictly enforced, and if the quarantine station is in such a position as to insure as far as possible that the disease will not be introduced into this city. The name of the steamer is the General Whiting.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 193. Charleston, S. C., August 4, 1864.

* * * * *

VI. Major General Frank Gardner, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed to Mobile, Ala., and there await further orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. K. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your two communications of the 29th and 31st ultimo were received last evening. The major-general commanding is not less concerned than yourself in regard to the condition of affairs in Florida. He sees fully your necessities, but unfortunately has no means of supplying them. Every men that he has in this State is imperatively needed, and though Major-General McLaws is calling for re-enforcements he has directed him to send you the rest of Hood's battalion, so soon as he can get back to Savannah some troops sent to Augusta to repel the raiders. The destruction of railroads, &c., and the capture of Tallahassee will be the main objects of the enemy. Use the force you have to the best advantage to defeat them. This is all you can do; all that can be expected of you.

