HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Lake City, August 14, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Federal Forces, Jacksonville, East Fla.:

SIR: I respectfully call your attention to a matter, submitted for your consideration some time since, by my predecessor, Major General Patton Anderson, Mrs. Price and another lady who accompanied her were reported to these headquarters to have been greatly outraged by your troops in the first place, and to have been afterwards murdered to avoid detection. Major-General Anderson called your attention to this, and asked an investigation and report. Nothing has been heard of the case since, and I am constrained to believe that unavoidable circumstances have prevented your giving that consideration to the subject which its importance demands. I respectfully ask that you attend to it, and reply at the earliest practicable moment.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 192. Richmond, August 15, 1864.

* * * * *

XIX. The operation of paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 181, current series, disbanding Bonaud's battalion Georgia Volunteers, is hereby suspended until further orders.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,

Savannah, Ga., August 17, 1864.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have directed Brigadier General A. R. Wright to assume command of Augusta, Ga., and the neighboring counties, as he reported by telegraph to me to-day that he was in Augusta subject to my orders. He was ordered to report to General Hood the day after I wrote you from Augusta, but has since returned. He telegraphed me a few minutes ago that Colonel Rains informed him that Lieutenant-Colonel Nesbitt had been ordered to Augusta to act as his (Colonel R.'s) adjutant and to command the post. Will you please inform me if such is the case, and if you have received authority to assign General Wright to command at Augusta? Being in want of an officer to send through the coast counties to organize the militia I have directed Lieutenant Colonel John F. Cameron, Third Confederate Infantry, who is a supernumerary officer awaiting orders, to perform that duty, he consenting to it.

---------------

*For Hatch's reply see p. 246.

---------------

39 R R-VOL XXXV, PT II

