
tion, and the best methods of handling and discharging them. I have tried them against targets and against the enemy and have found them very serviceable. I have armed all the outer forts in which I did not wish to expose artillery with these rockets. I have organized a common rocket battery (the men are instructed and drilled), and am now organizing a boat rocket battery to accompany expeditions, &amp;c. I regret to say that there are but 700 rockets on hand, and that they are of the large size (3 1/4-inch, nearly 32 pounds weight), which are less serviceable than the smaller ones. I beg that the major-general commanding will instruct his ordnance officer to obtain without delay for this district:

First. Three thousand 2 1/4-inch Hale's rockets, old construction, with rotation holes in the rear end and a 4-second fuse. With these I require no stands.

Second. One thousand 3 1/4-inch rockets, with 10 stands.

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 19, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In taking the field with the Tenth Army Corps, I have deemed it proper to assign Brigadier General J. W. Turner, my chief of staff and of artillery, to the command of troops, presuming that there might be objections raised to my keeping an officer of that rank on my staff.

I prefer assigning my chief commissary, Lieutenant Colonel M. R. Morgan, to the position of chief of staff in addition to his other duties. Colonel Morgan, however, fears that the Commissary-General will object to this arrangement and will prefer that the occupy the position of chief commissary would make him chief commissary in General Butler's department, but Colonel Morgan prefers to remain on duty with the Tenth Corps in the double position that I have indicated above. What I desire is that instructions may be given to the Commissary-General to allow Colonel Morgan to remain on duty with his corps unless Major-General Butler prefers some other arrangement. I await a reply to this communication before I make the assignment.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 169. Hilton Head, S. C., April 19, 1864.

I. The following-named regiment of the Tenth Army Corps will proceed by the steamer Victor to Fortress Monroe, and the senior officer will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina: Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

