
Isle of Hope: Three light batteries. Effective total, 176 men. In addition to their duties attending to their animals and batteries, this force has heavy picket duty to perform, and has charge of two heavy batteries.

Rose Dew: Two companies Cobb Guards (135 effective total) have charge of three heavy batteries, and pickets the coast, &amp;c.

Beaulieu: Hanleiter's light artillery and two companies Twenty-seventh Georgia Battalion. Effective total, 218. This force pickets the coast, has charge of heavy batteries and light artillery company horses.

Fort McAllister: Brooks' light battery and Company A, Twenty-seventh Georgia Battalion. Effective total, 93 men. They have charge of heavy battery, and picket the Ogeechee bridge, 9 miles off, and the coast below the fort. First Georgia Regulars, 238 effective men, are in charge of the Federal officers.

Oglethorpe Barracks: Three companies reserves, 145. This force guards the city and barracks, store-houses; furnishes patrols and train guards.

White Bluff: Guerard's light artillery, 93 effective men. This force, in addition to its battery duties, pickets the river above and below the Water Witch, which it protects, the navy doing nothing toward it.

With this statement you can perceive the very mixed force under my orders guarding the approaches to Savannah and the impossibility of sending any portion away. To be relieved from guard duty for an entire, day is an uncommon occurrence with any soldier in the command. In addition to the foregoing, there is Hood's battalion, five companies, 302 effective total, and three companies South Carolina Cavalry, 134 men, guarding the coast from the Ogeechee to the Saint Mary's.

The enemy are watching the Georgia coast very closely, but with what kind of force is not known. Those who escaped from the camp of Third South Carolina Cavalry, surprised last night, report that their camp was attacked by both cavalry and infantry. It is evident that enemy receive prompt and reliable information of everything going on along the coast, and take advantage of every opportunity to strike an effective blow, as is shown by their capture of the militia force at their place of rendezvous and the surprise of the South Carolina cavalry. I have no doubt but that they will attempt to burn both the Altamaha and Ogeechee and other bridges should any of this cavalry be withdrawn, of which prompt information will be given them.

Colonel Gaulding, the aide-de-camp of Governor Brown, reports that he can get 200 militia in the counties of Bryan, Liberty, and McIntosh, but according to his own statement he wishes to impress every one, the old and young and infirm and all. I do not suppose that much reliance can be placed on his organization, but I have officers engaged in arming them, and will try to make them useful. I have not heard from the organization in the lower counties, but understand that the people are assisting in picketing the coast. My inspector starts to-morrow to find out what force can be obtained to do duty. The engineer at Macon was never ordered away from there. He was notified that the city was fortified and to bring his intrenching tools with him. I have not a particle of objection to his

