
to Colonel Rains. Augusta being a depot for supply of armies north and east of that place, there might be objections to putting in Hood's command, though for defense it would be better so to assign it. Which do you prefer?

J. D.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMIES OF CONFEDERATE STATES,August 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

General Hood has been called on to designate an officer for command. There ought to be no conflict, whatever his rank, as the regulations make the ordnance depot entirely independent of local commanders.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Fourth indorsement.]

The Secretary of War has given notice that the order was intended to transfer the post to Hood's department.

B. B.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 20, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I feel very much the need of a bold and energetic officer to command the whole or a greater portion of the cavalry in Florida. Upon two occasions the cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick (Second Florida Cavalry), has been surprised under circumstances, as reported to me, reflecting no credit on the commander. I am informed that the failure to follow up and profit by our successes at the battle of Olustee, or Ocean Pond, was mainly to be attributed to the inefficiency of the officer commanding, Colonel Caraway Smith, Second Florida Cavalry, who, at his own request, was relieved from duty with his regiment, and a court of inquiry ordered, which court assembled, but owing to the sudden removal of troops to Virginia, failed to conclude its labors. Major Harrison, of the Second Florida Cavalry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, of the Fifth Battalion Florida Cavalry, are both reported as good officers, but the repeated instances of successful gallantry which I have had occasion heretofore to report in detail, by Captain J. J. Dickison, Company H, Second Florida Cavalry, with the small force at his command, have given me such evidence of his capacity for the position I desire for him that I am induced to ask for him such promotion, even if with temporary rank, as may enable me to place him in command. I have reason to believe that the name of Captain Dickison is held in great terror by the enemy. A surgeon who was captured at Baldwin--and who has since been exchanged--reports that the forces of Birney were kept in a constant state of dread lest Dickison should come upon them.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

