
men stationed at or near Magnolia. I have this morning sent a scouting party to Black Creek, and one to the neighborhood of Magnolia, charged with the duty of ascertaining, if possible, the precise locality and strength of the enemy. This post is about 26 miles from the river Saint John's and about the same distance from Black Creek. There was no enemy at Palatka on yesterday.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

J. J. DICKISON,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH FLORIDA FORCES,Wall's Farm, August 27, 1864.

Captain S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the scouting party sent by me on the morning of the 25th in the direction of Magnolia, with a view to ascertaining the precise locality and strength of the enemy returned on last night, the 26th instant. The officer in command of the expedition states that he proceeded to a point about 3 miles distant from Magnolia, where he was informed by parties who have visited that place its occupation by the enemy that 5,000 troops, a large proportion of whom are negroes, are stationed at Magnolia, and are constantly engaged in fortifying the town. The officer in command of the scouting party sent two of his men some distance in advance of the main body. They state that they saw a large number of men congregated upon the bridge and upon the banks of the river. I can but believe that the force of the enemy at Magnolia is overestimated, although there is no doubt but that the number of troops stationed at that point is very large. The enemy has at Magnolia eight pieces of artillery, together with about 150 cavalry, 60 of whom compose the entire party who made their escape from Gainesville on the morning of the 17th instant.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

J. J. DICKISON,

Commanding Forces.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., August 30, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Department, Charleston, S. C.:

Renew rope obstructions near Sumter, and put down new ones near mouths of Ashley and Cooper Rivers, with proper pilings. Farragut may soon pay you a visit.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS,Savannah, August 30, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: I regret to state that the amount of sickness in this command has been and still is deplorable, and being aware of the great benefit of quinine as a prophylactic, strenuous efforts were made in

