
the commencement of the season by my predecessor, Major-General Gilmer, and since his departure by the medical officer in this district, through the proper channels, for a supply of quinine for the District of Georgia, all of which have been totally unsuccessful. In the District of Georgia the medical officers have been unable to procure quinine even as a medicine, and officers and soldiers have been sick and suffering for the want of it, at times being entirely without any at all. Under such circumstances it is needless to add that it could not be used as a prophylactic. On the other hand the Third Military District of South Carolina has been superabundantly supplied, insomuch that within the past week, to alleviate the sufferings of officers and men in this district, I have ordered a transfer of 100 ounces to the District of Georgia. This last I bring to the attention of the major-general commanding to show that while one part of the command has had the benefit of this all-important preventative, another portion has, from some unexplained cause, suffered extremely for the want of it, even as a remedial. The requisitions for the quinine will again be made without delay, and should it be procured in sufficient quantities to be used as a prophylactic, I have little doubt that the health of the command will be much benefitted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,September 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Surgeon Ogier, medical director, &amp;c., who will please take immediate steps to have quinine furnished to Surgeon Cumming and return paper.

By order of Major General S. Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Charleston, September 2, 1864.

Respectfully returned to department headquarters.

As the quinine at the medical purveyor's is retained by him by orders from General S. Jones, and not by the Surgeon-General, I would respectfully suggest that Surgeon Cumming's requisition be acted on by the general commanding.

T. L. OGIER,

Medical Director.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CHIEF SURGEON'S OFFICE,

August 17, 1864.

Captain R. W. B. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Savannah, Ga.:

SIR: I have learned that there is no quinine in Macon, and that our purveyor can obtain none. I know that at Grahamville, on the 27th of July, the medical officer in charge at Camp Fripp informed

