
me that he had at that time 120 ounces of quinine, 50 ounces being the remnant of a quantity furnished to him last year as a prophylactic, and 70 ounces having been that very day received from Charleston, to be used in the same way. The public necessity in this military district requires that this quinine be used, and I recommend that an order be issued directing Asst. Surg. J. B. Holmes, at Grahamville, to send without delay 100 ounces to Assistant Surgeon Stacey, the field purveyor here, to be distributed to the three general hospitals and to the medical officers in the field. Assistant Surgeon Stacey will, of course, give receipts for the same to Assistant Surgeon Holmes, and I will forward to the medical director and the Surgeon-General a narrative of the transaction. This is one of the clear cases of a military necessity demanding extraordinary measures.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. HENRY CUMMING,

Chief Surgeon.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CHIEF SURGEON'S OFFICE,

Savannah, Ga., July 28, 1864.

Surg. T. L. OGIER, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Medical Director, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Yesterday, being at Grahamville on a visit of inspection, Assistant Surgeon Kirkland showed me an invoice just received from Surgeon Lining, medical purveyor, which stated that 70 ounces sulphate of quinine and four barrels of medicated whisky had been sent to him. It was specially stated concerning the quinine that it was sent as a prophylactic. Have new orders been received from Richmond on this subject? How may our surgeons and other medical officers obtain such quantities of previously prohibited medicines? I shall await with anxiety your reply, for so far from being able to use quinine as prophylactic, we are scarcely able to obtain a sufficient quantity to relieve those already suffering from malarial diseases.

* * * * * *

Yours, respectfully,

WM. HENRY CUMMING,

Chief Surgeon.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Charleston, July 31, 1864.

Chief Surg. WILLIAM HENRY CUMMING,

Savannah, Ga.:

SIR: Your letter of the 28th instant is at hand, relative to the issue of quinine as a prophylactic by the medical purveyor, and also that you are in want of medical officers to attend prisoners expected to arrive. In reference to the issue of quinine as a prophylactic I have received no instructions from the Surgeon-General, but the commanding general, Samuel Jones, has written to the Surgeon-General to be allowed to have quinine issued to the troops in malarious districts, particularly exposed to malaria, and he has ordered the purveyor to have it issued for that purpose, some having been recently

