
brought in here by the Nassau steamers, but it has nearly all been exhausted, and I fear the supply cannot be kept up; there is certainly enough, however, for use in the treatment of the sick, and perhaps as a prophylactic used with discretion.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. OGIER,

Medical Director.

CHARLESTON, August 31, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Brigadier General William Miller has reported to me for duty in Florida. No orders have been received ordering him to report to me, but from the President's letter of the 9th instant to Governor Milton, it seems the President intends General Miller shall command District of Florida. Is that his instruction? If so, I can relieve Brigadier General J. K. Jackson and assign him to other duty.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ORDNANCE BUREAU,

Richmond, September 2, 1864.

Captain FEILDEN,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of S. C., &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I am instructed by the chief of ordnance to say that General Jones' telegram of the 1st instant, asking if certain ordnance stores could be supplied, was received yesterday. The demand upon the arsenals in this vicinity, caused by the presence of the army, precludes almost the possibility of being able to supply calls from Charleston for material needed. The arsenals in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida must be relied upon for the supplies required, and to this end calls should be made upon the different establishments south. After supplying the wants of the army here assistance will be rendered to the extent possible.

I am, sir, respectfully,

J. A. DE LAGNEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,September 3, 1864.

GENERAL: Under instructions from the War Department, the major-general commanding directs me to forward to you a number of copies of General Orders, Numbers 65, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, printed in German, which you will please take all measures in your power to have distributed within the lines of the enemy. Of course this should be done as secretly and expeditiously as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Send this to Major-General McLaws, Brigadier-General Jackson, Brigadier-General Robertson, Brigadier-General Ripley, Colonel J. L. Black, Colonel C. J. Colcock, Brigadier-General Trapier.)

