
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 65. Richmond, Va., August 15, 1864.

I. It having been represented to the War Department that there are numbers of foreigners, entrapped by artifice and fraud into the military and naval service of the Untied States, who would gladly withdraw from further participation in the inhuman warfare waged against a people who have never given them a pretext for hostility, and that there are many inhabitants of the United States now retained in that service against their will who are adverse to aiding in the unjust war now being prosecuted against the Confederate Stats, and it being also known that these men are prevented from abandoning such compulsory service by the difficultly they experience in escaping therefrom, it is ordered that all such persons, coming within the lines of the Confederate armies, shall be received, protected, and supplied with means of subsistence until such of them as desire it can be forwarded to the most convenient points on the border, when all facilities will be afforded them to return to their homes.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 213. Richmond, September 8, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXIV. Brigadier General William Miller, Provisional Army, C. S., will take immediate command of the reserve forces of the State of Florida. He will complete their organization and place them at once in service. To this end he is authorized to employ al enrolling officers, who are hereby directed to obey his instructions. he will establish his headquarters at such place as he may deem best. Officers of the quartermaster's, commissary, ordnance, and medical department are required to furnish all necessary facilities. All officers from the State of Florida, of the Invalid Corps, and such of the regular forces as are for any reason unassigned, will immediately report to General Miller, who is authorized to assign them temporarily to duty with the reserves.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, September 9, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-Colonel Yates reports that many of the shells from Sullivan's Island are bursting over the stockade, between Gregg and Wagner, on Morris Island. Lieutenant-Colonel Yates thinks he will be able to fire on both Gregg and Wagner without endangering the lives of our prisoners in the stockade. Shall be fire?

J. L. BLACK,

Colonel, Commanding.

