HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, September 12, 1864.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith copies of dispatches received in reference to movements of the enemy about Dewees and Long Islands. Whatever may have been the object of the party their presence and the reconnaissance made by gun-boats on Saturday look somewhat suspicious, and I recommend as heretofore that Battery Marshall be finished up without delay. I shall direct Captain Seabrook to furnish the gun as recommended by Colonel Butler, if a proper one can be obtained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, September 11, 1864--6 p. m.

Captain NANCE:

Two of enemy's barges landed about noon on the points of Long and Dewees Islands; were followed by small steamer which come in to a few hundred yards off the inlet, where it remained for a short while until barges returned, then all went out. I send written report by courier this evening.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUBDIVISION,Sullivan's Island, September 11, 1864.

Lieutenant S. C. BOYLSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of movements of enemy about noon to-day:

The enemy sent a barge to the extreme east point of Long Island and landed, at same time sending one to the opposite side of the inlet on Dewees Island. These barges were soon followed by a small river steamer which came in a few hundred yards off the inlet and remained until the men in the boats returned from ashore. These men did not remain long n shore; and the sergeant of the pickets, who is a very reliable man, and saw all as above reported, says he thinks they came up for the purpose of getting water or taking on some negro or negroes, as he saw one on one of the boats on its return. The steamer has since gone out, and lies some distance out, about a mile from ashore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PRESS SMITH, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 13, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON:

GENERAL: The engineers are just about commencing the erection of a work on John's Island opposite Battery Pringle. The force on James Island has been very much reduced, and if the enemy at-

