
tempt to drive away the working parties, as they probably will, they may succeed, unless assistance is given by you.

The major-general commanding, therefore, directs you to send to this point as large a cavalry force as you can to protect the working parties and keep up a picket-line as near Legareville as practicable to guard against any sudden advance of the enemy, and prevent the escape of the negroes employed. If you can do so, send also a section of artillery with orders to retire into the new works; if forced back the cavalry to retire by the river road on John's Island.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 230. Charleston, September 19, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel G. P. Harrison, jr., Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, will proceed without delay to Florence, S. C., and assume temporary command at that post, taking charge of all Federal prisoners confined at that place, relieving Major F. F. Warley. Colonel Harrison is authorized to make impressments in all cases where, in his opinion, the interests of the service demand it.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Jones:

H. W. FEILDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,

Charleston, S. C., September 20, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In connection with my telegram of the 18th instant, to the President, I respectfully recommend and ask that a general officer who is well instructed in engineering and the used and management of heavy artillery, be assigned to the immediate command of all the works and troops for the defense of this harbor, under the general direction of the commander of this department. The works, though so widely separated, are yet so dependent on each other, and the proper and efficient management of the whole so essential to the defense of this harbor and city, that it is, in my opinion, extremely important that they should be under one head. The duties pertaining thereto are so varied and numerous, and the importance of the points to be defended so great, that the performance of them would furnish ample occupation for an officer of a high order of ability. Since I have been in command here the works in the city and harbor, and on Sullivan's Island, and Christ Church Parish, have been under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Ripley; those on James Island, under Brigadier-General Taliaferro, whilst I, as commander of this department, have, of course, commanded the whole. But the attention I have been obliged to give to this city and its defenses has prevented me in some measure from giving all the personal attention

