
I desire to other portions of the department. I am convinced that the arrangement I propose would conduce much to the benefit of the service in this department, particularly in view of a probable combined attack in great force this autumn. The reasons for it I think are so obvious that I need not state them more minutely.

May I ask that you will bring this to the notice of the President, with as little delay as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SAVANNAH, September 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I kept the guards from General Winder by order of General Jones. He was informed of your order. A threatened attack of the enemy made it necessary to keep them at the time. General Winder is here. He tells me to keep the guard for the present.

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 21, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 6th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report:

There are now in Charleston Harbor and under my control the following steam-boats, viz:

Celt: Built in Charleston Harbor and recently fitted up as a blockade-runner. It was loaded and ready to sail when I ordered it to be impressed for the use of the Government; in good condition, and capable of carrying 1,500 men at a trip.

Randolph: A good boat, but wanting a boiler; now undergoing repairs; capacity, 500 men.

Mary Francis: Doing duty, but wants a new steam-drum; capacity, 500 men.

Boston: Wants a new boiler; capacity, 1,000 men.

De Kalb: In wretched condition; thought nearly worthless; capacity, 600 men.

Rebel: In good order; capacity, 350 men.

Caldwell: Small boat, undergoing repairs; capacity, 250 men.

Chesterfield: Undergoing repairs; will be fit for service in two or three weeks; capacity, 1,200 men.

Coffee: Taken to pieces for the purpose, I believe, of being fitted up as a blockade-runner. Cannot be ready for service in less than four months; capacity, 600 men.

Torch: Will be ready for service in about three weeks; capacity, 500 men.

Hibben: In good order; capacity, 400 men.

Clinch: Was discharged on account of being sunk in harbor; has been raised by her owner, Mr. McCormick, and is now undergoing repairs. The owner desires to run the blockade with this vessel and

