
that Major-General Foster has recently received comparatively large re-enforcements of white troops; that 2,500 arrived from New York on one day, and others, he does not know how many, had previously arrived. He states that the enemy is now constructing a railroad from Beaufort to Port Royal Ferry, and they speak very freely of their purpose of making an attack, at no distant day, by land on this city. I do not, I think, give any undue weight to such conversations, but I have no doubt the enemy has received re-enforcements, and I anticipate that they will soon commence active offensive operations on this place or Savannah or both. I communicate the information to you for such action as may be thought proper. You know how small my force is, and how greatly re-enforcements are needed in this department.

I again respectfully urge that all U. S. prisoners be removed from Charleston and Savannah; their presence here is most embarrassing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

On the 29th ultimo, General Jones telegraphed that he had sent all enlisted men (prisoners) to Florence and had sent an officer to Columbia to select a place of confinement for the officers. He was answered that his action was approved. General Winder was ordered on the 1st instant to send no more prisoners to Charleston or Savannah, and to withdraw from the latter place to Millen as many as possible. He answers this morning that he has given instructions accordingly.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 12, 1864.

The prisoners have all been ordered to be removed and no more sent. The resources of the Department do not allow re-enforcements at this time. The design of the enemy to attack is doubted, but if entertained may, it is hoped, be successfully repelled by the force at Charleston and such reserves as may be summoned to aid.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 19th instant, and regret exceedingly your inability to give me the desired aid. I think it proper to inform you that I have information, deemed entirely reliable, that Major-General Foster has recently received large re-enforcements of white troops. It is also reported to me that

