
ley to the authority of his commanding general, and in the second a looseness of morals, and which in both instances are calculated to bring the military service into discredit, I feel myself compelled, for the reputation of the army, to recommend that General Ripley be removed from his present assignment, and that no other assignment be accorded to him. I would further recommend that if he be continued in service he be required to remove his residence from the city and harbor of Charleston.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel ALFRED ROMAN,

Inspector-General, Dept. of S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

COLONEL: The commanding general having been informed that a portion of this community are much concerned at the conduct of the brigadier-general commanding the First Military District on the occasion recently, as it is represented, of a drinking frolic, either in the city or on a vessel in the harbor, it has become his painful duty to direct you to inquire into the facts of the case, and to report the same for his consideration and action.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CHARLESTON, June 30, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD:

DEAR SIR: We take pleasure in giving you the assurance, which we feel that we are able to do after an interview with General Ripley, that he will not be intoxicated, nor allow himself, in your opinion as his commanding general, to be excited or influenced by liquor so as at any time to interfere with the proper discharge of his duties. We venture to hope that with this assurance, which will be equally gratifying and satisfactory to you, that the confidence and regard which have been mutually cherished will be restored, if they have been disturbed, and those relations renewed and strengthened in which our city and State found such assurances of security.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. G. MAGRATH.

R. B. RHETT, Jr.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, July 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel ALFRED ROMAN,

Inspector-General, Dept. of S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

COLONEL: I am directed to say that you will stop further investigations into the matters referred to in my communication of the 24th ultimo, proper and satisfactory assurances having been made to the commanding general in the premises.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

