
CHARLESTON, September 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

I ordered General J. K. Jackson to command District of Florida, under instructions from General Bragg, to order a brigadier there to relieve Major General Patton Anderson. I can assign General Miller to command in Florida and order General Jackson back to Savannah. Shall I do so?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF TENN. AND GA., Numbers 5. In the Field, September 28, 1864.

I. By direction of the President, Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee is relieved from duty in the Army of Tennessee, and will proceed at once to Charleston, S. C., and assume command of the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

* * * * * *

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,

Lake City, September 28, 1864.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have just received telegrams, copies of which are inclosed.* Colonels Turney and Smith, commanding sub-districts, are both sick and not on duty. I have accepted the services of Brigadier-General Miller, so promptly tendered by him. I have ordered all the troops in Colonel Smith's district to report to him, and have ordered four companies of Fifth Florida Battalion Cavalry, with Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, from Colonel Turney's district, to report to him. Will probably send over Dunham's light battery as soon as transportation can be procured, as there is no light battery in Sub-District Numbers 1.

Press dispatches to-day report a concentration by the enemy of a force at Hilton Head. My impression is, that this is with a view to an invasion of Florida from the east, according to threats made by them. The enemy's force about Mobile and Pensacola will surely not remain idle. I think there is great danger of an attack from the west coast, of which the present raid is the precursor. My force is entirely inadequate to meet these different attacks; too, small when concentrated, it is weak, indeed, when divided. The telegraph wire has been taken down from Baldwin to Doctor Town, and is being put up from Doctor Town to Lawton, and thence to Live Oak. Cannot the major-general commanding department aid me in putting up this new lines as rapidly as possible? If the enemy have possession of Marianna, our communications by telegraph are completely cut.

I am, captain, &amp;c.,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Inclosures not found.

---------------

