SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 231. Richmond, September 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

VII. Brigadier General J. K. Jackson is relieved from the command of the District of Florida, and will report for duty to Major General Samuel Jones, commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.

VIII. In addition to his other duties, Brigadier General William Miller, Provisional Army C. S., in assigned to the command of the District of Florida, Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,

October 1, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor respectfully to forward the inclosed inspection reports.* It will be perceived that there is a great improvement in the same, as they are much more full, and show the efforts being made to correct deficiencies in the several commands. The inspectors seem to have taken pains to follow the instructions given them after the receipts of the preceding reports. The health of the whole command in this department has been unusually bad this season. It is believed that it would have been much worse had it not been for the use of quinine as a prophylactic, for the sanitary condition of the troops improved materially after its issue.

There is a general complaint about the clothing, and a large portion of the command is in want of shoes. The chief quartermaster has been addressed on this subject, but he pleads as an excuse that there are none to issue. Great exertion should be made to supply the want of the department in this respect, for with the approach of winter the efficiency of this command will be much diminished. Your attention is respectfully called to the within letter* of Major Pringle, quartermaster, which suggests a remedy for an evil which is increasing in this State. I have again to forward reports incomplete in number, owing to the absence of that of the District of Florida. The attention of the district commander has been frequently called to these reports, and so far not one has been rendered.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 4, 1864.

Honorable W. P. MILES,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your letter asking that some Brooke guns be sent to Charleston to dismount the enemy's guns, which are shelling the city, and suggesting that the Navy Department might permit the use of those

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

