SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 250. Charleston, S. C., October 13, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General J. K. Jackson, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major General L. McLaws, commanding District of Georgia and Third Military District of South Carolina, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

H. W. FEILDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant General WILLIAM J. HARDEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: As the port of Charleston, through which a good deal of blockade-running has lately been done, is within the limits of the department to which you have been assigned, I inclose for your information a copy of the act of Congress imposing regulations upon the foreign commerce of the Confederate States, and annexed thereto a copy of the regulations established by the President under the said act.

The administration of the regulations is in the hands of the collector of the port, jointly with Mr. J. D. Aiken, agent of the Department, and you will please afford them every facility in your power in the discharge of their functions. If they, or either of them, should at any time invoke your assistance to detain a vessel that may not in their or his estimation have complied with the requirements of these regulations, you will please give promptly such assistance. Not will you ever detain a vessel except upon their request, unless, in your judgment, there be good military reasons therefor. Of this you alone must of course be the judge. It is impossible to calculate the good that has resulted to the armies of the Confederacy from the successful blockade-running vessels. The importations of blankets, shoes, arms, and supplies of every description, have been of the utmost service, and it is difficult to say how we should have done without the material aid thus rendered. The restriction of details and exemptions to a minimum must necessarily reduce the aggregate of domestic manufactured products; especially will the reduction be felt in the ordnance and quartermaster's department of the army, and this new state of things must be met, if possible, by increased importations through the blockade. You will see how important, therefore, it is to encourage in every way under the law this trade of blockade-running.

It is sufficient, I feel assured, to thus call your earnest attention to the matter to secure your entire co-operation with me in supplying, as largely as possible, from abroad the wants of our armies. Charleston is at present the only port in your department through which any blockade-running is being done, but I have had my attention directed to Savannah, through Wassaw Inlet, and I would be glad to have you investigate the subject, as adverse reports were made by your predecessors; but the Messrs. Lamar, of Savannah, reiterate the practicability of that entrance, and it is so important in view of

