
CHARLESTON, October 19, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

General S. COOPER:

I have offered 500 foreigners to General Beauregard to fill up Irish regiments in the Army of Tennessee, which he was accepted and will send for them.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,October 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I am greatly in need of shoes, clothing, and blankets for the use of this command. I understand that you have prohibited the issue of blankets for the present. Very many of my men are absolutely barefooted. As winter is approaching it becomes important that I should call your attention to providing clothing in time to meet the wants of the men.

I desire respectfully to call your attention to the inclosed paper* on this subject from Major Lee, chief quartermaster.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,October 19, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding Second Sub-Dist. S. Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Commodore Tucker has received a telegraphic order from Richmond which compels him to withdraw the naval force now serving at the Half-Moon and Calhoun street batteries. This will be done to-morrow morning. I have the honor to inform you of the fact that you may make other arrangements.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GILCHRIST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDA.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT,

Charleston, October 25, 1864.

To recapture and occupy Morris Island the operation must take the nature of a surprise. The mechanical appliances of the enemy, his means of transportation, and vigilance, as well as the nature of the position, forbid any attempt at regular attack. The latter would certainly involve a greater loss of life and expenditure of material, even if successful, than a surprise would risk, and the chances of success are much in favor of the latter method. I would propose that

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

