
son after nightfall. A telegraph wire should be stretched from Battery Marshall to the cove, and connections made to Battery Haskell, and every other point whence the expedition is to operate, operators to be ready at each point, the commander of the expedition to be at Battery Marshall. The navy to co-operate with all the iron-clads, barges, and as many transports in the harbor as necessary to make a show of force. Flag officer to be alongside the wharf at Fort Johnson. All the batteries on Sullivan's Island, Fort Johnson, Simkins, Cheves, Haskell, Secessionville, to be manned and in readiness. All being arranged during the afternoon, let a demonstration be made by a body of cavalry and light artillery from John's Island as if threatening the anchorage of the Stono, and to make a descent upon Folly Island, this to draw the troops on Folly Island to the southern end. The commander of the expedition being at Battery Marshall, steam being up on the transports to the extent of safety, and learning by telegraph that all is in readiness, say two hours before he starts from Beach Inlet, directs a dash to be made by the boats from Secessionville and Haskell at Black Island. This attack should be persisted in without running much risk for at least one hour and a half if possible, to draw infantry support from Morris to Black Island. Learning that this is made he directs, one hour before he starts, the advance of boats against Cumming's Point, under the cover of a heavy fire from every battery which will play upon it, supported by the gun-boats, and with transports in rear, in order to make the demonstration of a heavy force. The object of this will be to draw infantry supports from Fort Shaw and Battery Wagner to Cumming's Point, and the inner blockading fleet in that direction, so as to leave a wide channel between the outer an dinner blockading fleets. So soon as the demonstration commences the commander starts with his three vessels, each body of troops under special commanders, with the bearings carefully taken, compasses arranged, and each pilot knowing his point of landing. The two first steamers to run nearly together and to make with all speed for the southern extremity of Morris Island and run stem on shore, high and dry if possible. Gang-planks to be dropped at once and the men, rushing ashore over the bows, deploy forward advancing and move at a charging pace against Fort Shaw, which is about 100 yards from the shore and easily accessible. Axes and hatchets must be carried to cut away chevaux-de-frise if met with, but it is believed that this fort is unprovided. This fact can easily be ascertained. The fort being once occupied the boat howitzers must be brought in to increase the armament, cover taken against Folly Island, fire opened upon transports in the inlet, and a party sent down to drive the guard from the battery to Oyster Point. These duties will occupy at least half the force. The garrison of Fort Shaw is not very large, the main body being encamped to its north. The remainder of the troops must form across the island and advance at once toward Wagner, driving any troops which may be in the camp before the or taking them prisoners. While this progresses the commander of the third steamer diverges from the two first and run his vessel on shore at Battery Wagner, striving to strike at the southeast angle, lands as at Battery Shaw, and storms the work while attention of the enemy is directed to Gregg. The party from Shaw re-enforces him, the guns of Wagner are opened upon the fleet and on the middle battery and Gregg. Our fleet and boats retire while all our batteries keep up their five on Gregg, the middle battery and Black Island.

