
eral Ripley in his services for the defense of Charleston has evinced marked military capacity, knowledge, energy, sagacity, and judgment. They think their faith as to his present and future usefulness, if in command of the defenses of Charleston, justified by his past conduct and military views, and because he is thoroughly acquainted with all the difficulties of the situation, with the character of the officers and men, and the resources upon which depends the retention of Fort Sumter and of Charleston, and because he has the confidence of the troops under his command.

For these reasons, among others, the undersigned respectfully say that they would regard his removal as a public calamity, and they respectfully ask the attention of the Secretary of War, and through him of the President, to a consideration of the opinions they have with a full knowledge and sense of their responsibility ventured respectfully to express.

RICHARD YEADON,

J. HARLESTON READ,

Representatives.

JNO. HANKEL,

Representative.

T. P. MIKELL,

And others.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, November 28, 1864.

Upon reading the within memorial and the signatures attached I recommend the application to the favorable consideration of the President.

M. L. BONHAM.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 2, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War.

This paper was presented by Senators Orr and Barnwell; the former stating that Brigadier-General Ripley had been placed on furlough, &amp;c.

JEFF. DAVIS.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 2, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Has General Ripley been relieved or furloughed? I am not aware that any orders affecting his position have been entered. Was General Ransom ordered to Charleston to relieve General Jones or any one else, or any for general assignment?

J. A. SEDDON.

[Fourth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, with a copy of the order assigning Major-General Ransom to duty in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.*

---------------

*See p. 646.

---------------

