
His assignment to the First District did not relieve General Ripley nor give him a furlough, nor did the order allude to him; neither did it relieve Major-General Jones, though when it was issued it was understood he was upon sick leave and absent from the department.

By order of the Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

DECEMBER 13, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Inquire if General Ripley has been furloughed, and if so by whom. If not, if he remains on duty as heretofore at Charleston.

J. A. SEDDON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, November 7, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau:

GENERAL: I am very desirous of making use of the torpedo-boats, finished and being constructed by the Engineer Department on the coasts of South Carolina and Georgia, for co-operation with the forces under my command. It is better for many peculiar local reasons, that this new branch of the service should in this department report directly to me, though I should desire that naval officers of experience and ability should command the flotilla. In organizing the corps, I propose to select one officer to control the whole service, who should make his headquarters in this city; one to command the flotilla on the coast of South Carolina, and one to command the Georgia fleet. A number of officers are anxious to serve if the organization is perfected in the manner indicated. As the boats are being constructed under your orders, I have thought proper to address this letter to you and ask, if it meets with your approbation, that you will call on the honorable Secretary of War and through him secure the action of the President in this matter.

Inclosed I will forward you a list of officers suggested by Commander Brown as proper men, most of whom have expressed a desire for this service, and whom I should be glad to have transferred to my orders for assignment and organization.

In closing this letter, allow me to add that I think arrangements should be made to secure to the crews of the boats the prize money usual for the destruction of the vessels of the enemy on the high seas, particularly as the service is new and is considered dangerous by many. Unless some action is taken soon by our Government in this matter, I fear the enemy will beat us with our own weapons.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure.]

List of officers desired for special service to report to Lieutenant-General Hardee, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida: Commander I. N. Brown, C. S. Navy; Commander W. T. Glassell, C. S. Navy; First Lieutenant W. E. Evans, C. S. Navy; First Lieutenant J. W. Alexander, C. S. Navy; First Lieutenant S. W. Ave-

