
40 rounds of ball cartridges. You will see that all the men who march wear the Government bootees. You will receive further orders at Volusia by a boat not arrive before Sunday morning you will use your command for the purpose of driving to Saint Augustine as many cattle as are needed for your command at that place, turning them over to the subsistence department.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, A. A. A. G.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., April 23, 1864.

Captain BAILEY,

Commanding Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, Yellow Bluff, Fla.:

CAPTAIN: You will confer immediately with Captain Lewis, of the gun-boat Mahaska, for the purpose of making a reconnaissance in force of the country between Daniel and Trout Creeks.

You will find, if possible, such guides as are acquainted with the country, and push your reconnaissance, if possible, as far from railroad from Fernandina, touching it at the nearest or most convenient point for the purpose of destroying a small portion of it. This may be done by building a large fire of pine logs, and laying the iron rails across the fire. It is not, however, considered important to reach the railroad; the main object of the reconnaissance is to get to the rear of rebel scouts between Trout and Daniel Creeks. You will return to the river, sweeping, as well as you can, the country lying between the two creeks, taking care not to allow your command to be separated by Cedar Creek. You will arrange with Captain Lewis the point at which you shall disembark for the reconnaissance, and a point at which you shall embark after having made it.

Captain Lewis kindly promises to furnish four boats and the oarsmen, enough to furnish transportation for 60 men. You can use the oar-boats in your possession for the transportation of the rest of the party.

By order of Brigadier General William Birney:

P. F. YOUNG,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 178. Hilton Head, S. C., April 23, 1864.

I. Brigadier General R. S. Foster, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command of the troops on board the transport Ericsson and proceed to Fortress Monroe and report to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

