HEADQUARTERS ARMIES IN THE FIELD,Culpeper Court-House, Va., April 24, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Herewith I send you copy of letter from Admiral Dahlgren to the Secretary of the Navy, and from the latter to the military authorities, recommending certain movements near Charleston, S. C. The letters explain themselves. Please read them and send me your views on the proposed movements. Not knowing the situation of affairs about Charleston, and particularly since the withdrawal of so many of your forces, I can give no specific directions. I would state, however, that it will be of great advantage to us if the force at Charleston can be safely employed in keeping up a demonstration that will force the enemy to keep large numbers there to watch their movements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

April 21, 1864.

[EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:]

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter addressed to this Department by Rear-Admiral Dahlgren. As the hurricanes of July and August are likely to place in great peril the vessels lying off morris Island, entirely unsheltered as that anchorage is, I invite your earnest attention to this project, as it s success will afford an interior position beyond the reach of disaster by storm or the enemy. Morris Island, at present occupied by our troops, has been 4 feet under water in a hurricane.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Sub-inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, April 21, 1864.

Honorable G. WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: As the demands of the public service elsewhere will prevent the detail of more iron-clads for service at Charleston, which will necessarily postpone any serious attack on the interior defenses of the harbor, I would suggest that combined operations be directed to the occupation of Long Island, with the view of an attack on the works of Sullivan's Island, to be prosecuted as far as the force

