
ashore and afloat may permit. If Sullivan's Island can be occupied, it would enable the iron-clads to maintain position in the harbor permanently, and in the end to drive the rebels from Charleston.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Culpeper:

GENERAL: If the iron-clads and the large number of troops off Charleston for the last year could not take and hold Sullivan's Island, how can they expect to do it with forces diminished more than one-half? Moreover, if taken, if would simply result in the loss from active service of 5,000 troops to garrison it, without any influence upon the coming campaign. It will require 60,000 men three months to take Charleston. The capture of Sullivan's Island would not have much influence upon the siege of that place, as it can be conducted with greater advantage from other points. I am satisfied that Admiral Dahlgren's letter was intended simply as an excuse in advance for the inability of the iron-clads to accomplish anything against Charleston.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 180. Hilton Head, S. C., April 24, 1864.

* * *

II. The following-named regiments and companies belonging to the Tenth Army Corps are hereby ordered to proceed to Fortress Monroe and report to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina: Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Ninety-seventh pennsylvania Volunteers, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, First Battalion Fourth massachusetts Cavalry, Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery; Battery B, First U. S. Artillery; Battery M, First U. S. Artillery; Light Company C, Third Rhode Island Artillery; First New York Volunteer Engineers, except Company C. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Folly Island, S. C., April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South:

COLONEL: I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that some of the colored regiments recently arrived in this district

