
and making a raid toward Saint Augustine for the purpose of driving off all the horses and cattle on the east side and arresting all the Union men. It was said the Union men had taken to the woods, but that 17 were caught and hung on the spot. My informant was one of 13 refugees that got safely into Saint Augustine.

My measures are taken to meet this cavalry force. I go up the river to-night with 450 men of Colonel Beecher's regiment. Colonel Harris, with 220 mounted infantry, and Colonel Noble, with about 250 infantry, will meet the rebels at the head of Dunn's Lake.

In obedience to orders, or rather suggestions, of General Hatch, I had sent Colonel Harris to patrol that part of the country. He left Saint Augustine this morning. Colonel Noble left yesterday morning.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I shall myself go to the point threatened, leaving Colonel Tilghman in command of this post, which is quite secure, with its fortifications and the gun-boats.

WM. BIRNEY.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 184. Hilton Head, S. C., April 26, 1864.

I. Colonel W. W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby ordered to relieve Colonel J. B. Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, in command of Hilton Head, Fort Pulaski, Tybee, and Saint Helena Islands. Colonel Howell, upon being relieved, will proceed to Fortress Monroe and report to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for the purpose of rejoining his command with the Tenth Army Corps.

* * *

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., April 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a report received from Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig, commanding the Northern District of this department, relative to the movements of the enemy in his front. Confirming reports have been received from other sources.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

