
General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for the purpose of joining the Tenth Army Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish the transportation.

III. The following-named regiments will constitute a brigade, under command of Colonel Thomas Bayley, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops: Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, First Michigan Colored Volunteers, Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops.*

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 191. Hilton Head, S. C., April 29, 1864.

I. The following regiments of the Tenth Army Corps will, as soon as they can be relieved, proceed to Fortress Monroe and report to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for the purpose of joining their corps. Paragraph I of Special Orders, Numbers 187, current series, from these headquarters, is amended accordingly: One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, HILTON HEAD, FORT PULASKI, SAINT HELENA, AND TYBEE ISLANDS,

Hilton Head, S. C., April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: In answer to your verbal request that I report to you an estimate of the number of men required in this district for its proper defense, I have the honor to submit the following:

Post of Fort Pulaski and Tybee: Fort Pulaski, 250; Tybee Island, 50; total, 300. The defensive work on Tybee is a martello tower, armed with a 30-pounder Parrott and inclosed in an earthen parapet. This is more a picket of observation than for any other purpose, as the island can only be approached across wide marshes.

Hilton Head Island: Four regiments, with an aggregate strength of not less than 3,000 men, one-half of which at least should be white troops. Of these one regiment, say 800 to 1,000 men, will be required for the picket-line from Drayton's plantation to Braddock's Point, two-thirds of whom should be whites. One regiments should be within the intrechments and two close at hand outside ready for any purpose whatever. The most important point on the picket-line is Seabrook, which by reason of its being the coal depot invites attack. Any serious defense required must be made at the line of

---------------

*Amended May 17 so as to authorize the commander of the District of Hilton Head to "make such organization of his command as he may think proper."

---------------

