
view of arming it with two heavy rifled pieces and two mortars or field howitzers. The fronts toward Legareville, the Stono, and the two forts on the outposts are the ones that will be armed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., May 2, 1864.

Major General PATTON ANDERSON,

Commanding C. S. Forces, East Florida:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by flag of truce of your two communications, dated May 1, and that of Colonel R. H. Anderson, of same date, and also the return of Private Allen Vankirk, Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, with his horse and a portion of his arms. I am happy to acknowledge that my anticipations of your prompt reparation of the irregularity of his capture have been fully confirmed, and I have no doubt than the remainder of his arms, consisting of the one Colt belt revolver, holster, and belt, and one ditto, pocket size, of which he was stripped when captured, will also be restored at the first opportunity.

You are entirely correct in the supposition that the firing by my pickets upon the flag of truce sent by you in the interval between the dispatch of my protest and the receipt of your explanation was intended simply as a notification that no intercourse could be permitted until the difficulty had been cleared up.

I have now the satisfaction to state, in reply to your communication of April 30, that Mrs. Jacob Mickler, with her daughter, will be received within our lines and afforded every facility to reach her home in Saint Augustine.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 58. Hilton Head, S. C., May 3, 1864.

The following-named officers are hereby announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Captain W. L. M. Burger, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel B. T. Morgan, Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general.

Captain J. H. Moore, chief quartermaster.

Captain T. A. P. Champlin, chief commissary of subsistence.

Major J. W. Abert, chief engineer.

First Lieutenant C. R. Suter, assistant engineer.

First Lieutenant J. R. McGinness, chief of ordnance.

Lieutenant Colonel Peter Pineo, medical inspector.

Surg. Ebenezer Swift, medical director.

Surg. Charles L. Allen, medical purveyor.

Major E. D. Judd, chief paymaster.

