
Colonel C. R. Brayton, Third Rhode Island Artillery, chief of artillery.

Colonel P. P. Brown, jr., One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, provost-marshal-general.

Second Lieutenant Alexander F. Newman, First New York Volunteer Engineers, assistant provost-marshal-general.

Captain H. R. Clum, chief signal corps.

Colonel M. S. Littlefield, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops, general superintendent of the recruiting service for colored troops.

Ensign W. C. Hanford, U. S. Navy, aide-de-camp and superintendent of armed transports.

Captain L. F. Sheldon, assistant quartermaster and superintendent of telegraphs.

First Lieutenant E. B. Van Winkle, aide-de-camp.

By order of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding District of Pensacola:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 16th instant [ultimo] was received to-day. The commanding general regrets that he is unable to aid you with the re-enforcements you desire.

Active operations have required the concentration of all the troops of the department with this army. The commanding general hopes that the necessities of the enemy east of the Mississippi will relieve you apprehensions before long. He has, however, ordered a large regiment of colored troops to you, which can soon be made efficient in working the guns.

The general commanding directs that you hold you position at Barrancas to the last extremity, and if compelled by vastly superior forces you withdraw to Santa Rosa Island and Fort Pickens, which latter fort you are ordered to hold at all events. The general commanding does not wish you to construe these directions into a permission to evacuate Barrancas and retire to Santa Rosa Island and Fort Pickens to avoid anything less than the last extremity. But he depends upon you wisdom and ability at once to make a devoted defense of your present headquarters, and to save Fort Pickens beyond a doubt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 5, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Washington:

GENERAL: You will receive herewith a special order of the War Department placing you in command of the Department of the South. You will be shown in the Adjutant-General's Office a list of

