
the Perdido, 200; in all, abut 8,000. Now I have information from three different sources that the majority of those troops have also been ordered up or down the railroad, leaving only the First Alabama Infantry at Pollard, and Colonel Maury's Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, with six additional companies of cavalry, this side of Pollard and between the Perdido and Yellow Water Rivers.

The report of John J. Moore, who came last night from Mobile, via Pollard, is, if true, of great importance, and I beg to inclose a copy of his statement, * asserting that a combined attack on New Orleans by river and by land is decided upon. Mr. Moore leaves this evening by steamer for New Orleans to report to Major-General Reynolds, with Mobile papers containing the news from Port Hudson and the Rapidan.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I beg to add that I have handed a copy of Mr. Moore's inclosed statement to Admiral D. G. Farragut, for his information, sending also Mr. Moore himself to the admiral's flag-ship.

ASBOTH.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 63. Hilton Head, S. C., May 11, 1864.

The following quarantine regulations for the port of Port Royal, S. C., will be put in operation from and after the 15th day of May, 1864:

1. The quarantine ground shall be located in Tybee Roads or Roadstead, at the "old Savannah quarantine," the exact place of anchorage being designated by a white buoy and flag.

2. It shall be the duty of the master and pilot of every vessel coming into this port from this date until further orders, except the pilot-boat returning from her ordinary cruising ground, to hoist a signal for a health officer in the fore-rigging, 15 feet from her deck, and come to immediately below and opposite the guard ship stationed half a mile below the inner buoy, and there wait his coming on board.

3. The health officer shall visit the vessel without unnecessary delay, ascertain her sanitary condition and the port whence she sailed. And it shall be his duty to order to the quarantine ground, there to remain as long as he may deem proper, all vessels having on board cases of yellow fever, cholera, or other infectious or contagious diseases; also all vessels coming from Key West, Havana, or any other port where yellow fever may exist.

4. No communication will be allowed with the vessel until she has been examined by the health officer, and no person will be permitted to leave her.

5. The fee of the health officer for visiting, examining, and certifying vessels arriving at this port shall be collected from all vessels except those in the Government employe or foreign war vessels, at the following rates: For each vessel from a foreign port, $6.50, and for all others, $2. The money thus collected will be turned over to the medical director for the use of the general hospitals in this department.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

