HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., March 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Artillery:

GENERAL: I beg that the artillery that has been indicated as proper for the works at this place, or that may be decided upon, may be sent here without delay. There is now an abundance of labor here to move these guns, and, what is of more movement still, the moral effect upon the country people derived from the presence of large guns, as an assurance of our permanent occupancy, will be of great value. Therefore please hasten them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton head, S. C., March 7, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding N. Dist., Dept. of the South, Folly Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding request that you will sent the detachment of the First North Carolina Colored Volunteers to Jacksonville as soon as in your judgment it is safe to do so.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 7, 1864.

Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR,

Commanding Dist. of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding is of the opinion that the state of affairs in Florida will not warrant an advance of your command for the present; that therefore you will only look to the security of your position at Jacksonville. And he again calls your attention to your communication on the Saint John's River and suggests, lest guerrilla parties or ambuscades may annoy your transports, that you land a regiment from time to time at points below Jacksonville, and scout the country a short distance into the interior. He has no doubt that the commanding officer of the naval forces in Saint John's will, on your application, co-operate with a gun-boat.

Should your information of the force and position of the enemy lead you to the opinion that an advance would be advisable, you will immediately communicate with the commanding general, but under no consideration will you make an advance without instructions. You will carry out your instructions in regard to garrisoning and fortifying Palatka, heretofore give, as soon as you can conveniently. In view of the limited number of horses at our disposal to replace losses, and the great exertion and fatigue of your cavalry force, and in order to save as many of Colonel Henry's horses as possible, it is recommended to you to call in his command of cavalry,

