
proper to saddle upon him an expedition to which he might be opposed, the further consideration of it had better be postponed until his arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., May 12, 1864.

Colonel L. VON GILSA,

Commanding, Folly Island:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the general commanding to inform you that a boat party from Light-House Inlet will proceed to-night to make an attack upon the block-house situated between Long and Black Islands. In view of this, the general directs, first, that you place a detachment of at least 20 men on Pine Island, who may from there be able to render assistance to our party in case of any accident happening to any one of the boats; second that you keep a green lantern (and if that cannot be obtained, a white one) burning all night, suspended on the lookout on the right of Long Island. The general further directs that to-morrow morning you have your pickets posted on Pine Island, as they were before. If the enemy opens fire on them you will have such instructions given that your batteries on Cole's Island and Long Island will open on the enemy at the time of their relieving their outposts; the artillery with canister, and the rockets in one volley of twelve at a time. The thoughts out of which the rockets are fired must be placed in position by daylight the day before. If you have not men properly instructed in the use of rockets on your lines please inform the general; he will order some men from the Rocket Battery.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. SCHAUFFLER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 13, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Colonel Rand has just arrived in this department, expecting to find his regiment here, two battalions of which he had seen embarked at Boston for this department. He finds that General Gillmore has taken north with him two battalions, and 200 horses from the Third Battalion, leaving 173 men of the regiment mounted in this department. I most urgently urge that the remainder of the regiment may be ordered to return to this department.

For service in Florida one mounted regiment is equal to four infantry regiments. The only cavalry we have is a small regiment of mounted infantry lately mounted, armed with muskets.

