
Colonel Rand's orders direct him to report to you for orders, and I sincerely hope that the interests of the service will be found consistent with the desire I have expressed about the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 13, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the effective force, nominally 17,000 men, left by General Gillmore, is inadequate to the defense of the department. Nearly 4,000 of these men are raw colored troops.

General Gillmore was instructed by General Halleck to send from the department what troops could be spared, and it was added that from a report made by him (General Gillmore) it was supposed the force would be from 7,000 to 11,000 men. The report referred to had been made by General Gillmore before he knew that he would himself leave the department. When the instructions came to send the troops north, the general learned that he was to accompany them, and then found that nearly or quite 20,000 could be spared, and that number was accordingly sent north.

Some cavalry, 4,000 disciplined infantry, and two light artillery companies should be sent her without delay. I would be useless to send mere raw colored troops as they do not add to our efficiency; on the contrary, are an element of weakness.

I would also request a reconsideration of the decision not to call out troops for special service in Florida. I believe a regiment could be raised there that for certain services would be more useful than any troops we have. They might be called militia and be called out for three months. I repeat what I reported to General Gillmore when I was there in command, that the people of Florida wish to be loyal, and would be if they were assisted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 208. Hilton Head, S. C., May 13, 1864.

* * *

IV. Brigadier General William Birney, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby temporarily assigned to the command of Hilton Head District.

* * *

By command of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

W. L. M. BURGER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

