HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., May 17, 1864.

Colonel L. VON GILSA,

Commanding Post, Folly Island:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send patrols daily to Board Island, who will examine the whole island between Long and Cole's Islands. They will always report to the schooner opposite the white house when going. These patrols will sometimes be made by night and sometimes during the day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant, 127th N. Y. Volunteers, A. A. A. G.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., May 17, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request that the Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, which has been under my command the past year, may be restored to my command and be mounted. The large extent of territory on the east bank of the Saint John's which it is now necessary to guard makes it indispensable that I have a full regiment mounted. The time of service of the Seventy-fifth Ohio expires this summer. I inclose following letter from the major commanding the Twenty-fifth Ohio, expressing his wish to be again under my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

Acknowledge receipt. State that two companies Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry will be sent to Florida immediately. The Twenty-fifth cannot at present be spared from the present post. The men of the regiment now on duty with Seventy-fifth can be retained until the arrival of the two companies Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry.

J. P. HATCH.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Seabrook Landing, S. C., May 6, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON:

GENERAL: Permit me to take this unofficial method of addressing you and asking your assistance in receiving orders for my regiment to return to your command, in which we have once had the honor to serve.

I have with the Seventy-fifth Ohio nearly 200 men, which number will swell my "aggregate present" to about 660, 500 of whom have three years to serve from the 1st of January, 1864. The Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers is now acting as mounted infantry, and after our men are taken away from them will have but few

