HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., May 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE NAVAL MORTAR SCHOONER,

Folly River, near White House:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by General Schimmelfennig to inform you that parties of our forces will make an attack on the outposts of the rebels on John's and James Islands to-night, in order to get information. If it should be deemed desirable to have you open fire word to that effect will be sent to you, and without such word you will not fire. Our small boats will be passing up and down Folly River, and probably into Secessionville Creek. You will please not stop them to-night.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., May 21, 1864.

Colonel L. VON GILSA,

Commanding, Folly Island:

COLONEL: Outpost reports have been received from different points along the line indicative of movements of the troops on our front. It seems the enemy has considerably weakened his lines. It is absolutely necessary at once to obtain full knowledge of the facts, to what extent the enemy has weakened his lines, and what part of them is so affected. You are hereby instructed to send out reconnoitering parties, wherever you can, upon your front during the day, to keep a sharp watch from the lookouts,and make such arrangements as to insure the capture of some prisoners during this night. Prisoners can easily be made on John's Island; as to James Island, if information cannot be otherwise obtained, the outposts should be attacked. You will request the co-operation of the commanding [officer] of the naval forces in Stono River, on John's James, above Legareville. If the gun-boats do not like to go as far up the river as Captain Gibson did last time, rocket-boats must go up and cover the landing, setting the farm on fire. The place where a landing can be effected is indicated on the map. The above are the instructions of the brigadier-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. SCHAUFFLER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to commanding officer, Morris Island.)
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., May 21, 1864.

Colonel LEOPOLD VON GILSA,

Commanding Post:

The general commanding has learned that bodies of the enemy's troops have been moving within range of our batteries, and that they have not been fired upon. The general commanding therefore

