
directs that whenever any movements of the enemy in force occur within range of our batteries they shall be fired upon day or night. This to be the general rule for the future.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., May 21, 1864.

Colonel L. VON GILSA,

Commanding, Folly Island:

The general commanding directs that you send a patrol in two light boats to Broad Island to remain during the night. One of the boats should try to get in Secessionville Creek at high tide for the purpose of assisting any men to escape who may become separated from their companies and left on James Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. DEAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., May 21, 1864.

Colonel W. H. NOBLE,

Commanding Forces, East Saint John's River:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 20th instant announcing the capture of the small force at Welaka is received. I cannot think this could have happened had the officer in command been sufficiently vigilant. The Saint John's River is an obstacle which should have made surprise impossible, particularly on such bright nights as we are now having.

To avoid any further surprises you will immediately on receipt of this communication withdraw all your small infantry guards from Saunders, Welaka, Volusia, Horse Landing, and south side of Dunn's Creek's mouth. These points are in my judgment too far advanced to hold for any length of time, and offer too many temptations to the enemy to capture the guard with superior forces. You will immediately establish your cavalry so that the whole north side of Dunn's Lake and Creek and Haw Creek can be watched and patrolled by them. This line will be your southern line of position, though your patrols may go beyond these. So guard the river between opposite Palatka up to Picolata that a crossing by the enemy is impossible.

I wish you to concentrate your forces as much as possible, that they may be instantly moved in any direction when the enemy makes his appearance. South of Dunn's and Haw creeks and at all the crossings of the Saint John's, below these creeks, your scouts must do the main watching and must give you the most reliable information of any attempt of the enemy to cross. You can supply a sufficient number of them with arms and ammunition for that purpose. Select the best scouts and use them even as the enemy do the same thing.

