
days and a free chance. Many towns and cities are succeeding nobly. Worcester City reports quota full, and will raise more, to be credited on future calls. Springfield nearly full; so Northampton. Many small towns full.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

WASHINGTON CITY, Wednesday, January 6, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: Colonel Bliss" letter to you, which I inclose, is of importance to the public interest. I hope it may be deemed right to grant both the requests made to you in behalf of the regiment of colored troops raised in New York so quickly and so well.

Truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT U. S. COLORED TROOPS, No. 350 Fourth Street, New York, January 4, 1864.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: On December 3, 1863, you were pleased to grant to me, as the representative of the Union League Club,of the city of New York, an authorization to raise in the State of New York the Twentieth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops. Soon afterward, by order, about 300 colored men, recruited in the State prior to that time, were assigned to the regiment. I have now the honor to report that the regiment is substantially filled to the maximum of 1,000 men, 700 having been enlisted in a month.

Every officer in the regiment has been selected from the army in the field, and we hazard nothing in saying that the regiment will be the best officered regiment that ever left the State of New York. The men are physically equal to any, and manifest great intelligence in learning their duties. We desire that the regiment be allowed to remain here twenty or thirty days to perfect it in drill, and that when it leaves it may land in the upper part of New York City and march down Broadway. We believe it will then be not only the best officered but the best drilled volunteer regiThe inclosed circular will show the interest taken in the regiment by prominent persons in New York.

I have been directed to request that you will issue an order that the regiment be armed with Springfield muskets of the pattern of 1861. Besides adding much to the efficiency of the regiment, we believe that it is good policy to show the colored men of the North that the Government puts into their hands the best of arms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. BLISS, JR.

[Sub-inclosure.]

You are respectfully invited to attend a meeting of ladies at the Union League Club House on Tuesday, January 5, at 2 p.m., for the purpose of appointing a committee to procure a stand of colors for presentation to the Twentieth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, which

