
much to hope that New Hampshire is at the present time at least 600 men in excess of all demands upon her. It is certain that her quota under every call is full.

While this cheering news relieves us from the necessity of any especial exertion to avoid a draft in the Old Granite State, let me appeal to her patriotic citizens to keep the balance on the right side. Other calls may be made upon us, and in meeting them New Hampshire must still head the column. Let us send into the field in the spring a full regiment of cavalry, composed exclusively of the sturdy yeomanry of our own State. As an incentive to continued effort in this direction, I do hereby announce that the State bounty of $ 100 will continue to be paid till further notice to citizens of New Hampshire who enlist either as fresh recruits or veteran volunteers to the credit of towns in which they have residence. The bounties offered by the General Government of $ 300 for fresh recruits and $ 400 for veterans will be paid up to March 1, 1864.

Given at the council chamber, in Concord, this 9th day of February, in the year of our Lord 1864, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-eighth.

JOSEPH A. GILMORE.

By His Excellency the Governor, with the advice and consent of the Executive Council:

ALLEN TENNY,

Secretary of State.

WOODSTOCK, VT., February 13, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Governor Gilmore has issued his proclamation stating that he has official information that all men raised under the draft and all raised under the call for 300,000 volunteers are to be credited against the present call for 500,000 volunteers, thus making the total call under the draft only 200,000, and that therefore New Hampshire has no men to raise. This has stopped enlisting in Vermont, as, if reliable, we have furnished all required and have a large surplus. If this is not so, and you would have enlisting resumed in Vermont, it is necessary that you inform me at once.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Vermont.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 14, 1864.

General P. T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant-General of Vermont, Woodstock, Vt.:

All men not heretofore credited, whether raised by volunteering or drafting, will be credited on the quota of 500,000. Another call may, however, be made at any moment, and it would be exceedingly unwise in any locality to cease its efforts to raise volunteers, especially while Government bounties last. If an excess should be raised by any town, it would only be providing when labor is light for a call that will come when a much greater effort would be necessary to

