
Done at the city of Washington this nineteenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- four, and of the independence of the United States the eighty- ninth.

[L. S.]

By the President:

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DETROIT, December 21, 1864.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

I have just received the following dispatch from the manager of the Great Western Railway:

TORONTO, December 21, 1864.

H. H. EMMONS.

G. V. N. LATHROP.

ALFRED RUSSELL:

The adoption of the passport system has this morning been put into operation with all the rigor possible. After the universal condemnation in Canada of Coursal and Lamonthe, the prompt action of our Government, and the great efforts the railway authorities have put forth to meet the best wishes of your Government, the actual adoption of this order is deeply to be regretted. Public feeling, as you witnessed, has entirely changed, and sympathy was being extended in such a manner as to gratify your most ardent wishes. If it be an object to secure their continuance, I am satisfied it would be the policy of your Government to cancel the passport system instanter. If that were promptly done, I am of opinion the good feeling and cordiality which showed itself so prominently when you were here would be greatly augmented. Surely it would be most unwise not to take advantage of the opportunity that has so timely presented itself. Please say what you do.

THOMAS SWINYARD.

I fully concur with the views of Mr. Swinyard, and so do prominent gentlemen here generally.

I have just returned from Montreal. There is a total revolution of opinion in all Canada, caused by Coursal's judgment. The Canadian authorities will reimburse the banks and Government railway managers, and people are adopting a series of measures which will result in security for the future.

ALFRED RUSSELL,

U. S. District Attorney.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 21, 1864.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: The Secretary of War has referred to me Your Excellency's letter of the 19th instant,* and directs me to say that the only portion which appears to require answer is your statement that many officers of the military service in Pennsylvania with either the National or State Government, and not by the impartial choice of the head of the proper department." The Secretary is not aware of any such facts

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

