
answer it. Your general order some time since is so sound and wise that I am led to hope there will be no abatement in volunteering in your State for some time to come.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., February 15, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

The commander of your department was authorized to appoint officers for loyal regiments raised under his directions, subject to the approval of this Department; the rosters to be forwarded to the Department, and the officers, if approved, to be commissioned by the President. The same authority is conferred upon you. Why is it that you are compelled to make the inquiry? Did not your predecessors turn over their orders to you? Can you spare the Sixth New Hampshire, now at home recruiting, until the 10th of March? Their furlough expires 29th of February.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I arrived here yesterday evening. The regiment of heavy artillery (colored troops) here has on its rolls nearly 500, and will rapidly be completed. I have set forward the organization of infantry regiments. Altogether, East Tennessee will furnish from 3,500 to 4,000 colored troops. It would greatly facilitate recruiting if artillery clothing was at once sent here for the first-named regiments. I only remained at Chattanooga a few hours, intending to give orders there on my way back to Nashville, in the course of a few days. I am pleased with the condition of affairs here, and am satisfied that General Longstreet cannot touch this place, but that he will be obliged before long to leave this hill country.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WOODSTOCK, VT., February 15, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Am I to understand from your telegram just received that Vermont is to be charged with her quota of 500,000 men based upon the enrollment, and credited with the whole number furnished under the draft, and with the surplus furnished beyond her quota under the last call for 300,000 volunteers, and that besides this which will apply mainly to towns deficient under the draft, and under the call for 300,000 volunteers? It is desirable to raise all the man practicable within the time allowed. Many towns are to hold meetings in the next three days to vote bounties, and all are asking of me how many men are absolutely required. Many, if not most of them, if not informed will dissolve and do nothing, as some have already done through influence of Gov-

