
STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, December 23, 1864.

General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication from Honorable C. M. Baker, commissioner of enrollment, in behalf of the Board of Enrollment of the First District of Wisconsin, on the subject of the correction of the enrollment and assignment of quotas in said district. The suggestions made by Judge Baker are deemed by me to be of vital importance to the people of Wisconsin and are applicable to the whole State. I would further state that the enrollment officers and civil authorities are busily engaged in pursuance of instructions from your Bureau and of a proclamation issued by myself (a copy of which is herewith inclose*) in thoroughly revising and correcting the enrollment lists in the several districts, and I have no doubt that such revision and correction can be made by the 1st day of January next, or very soon thereafter. I would, therefore, very strongly urge upon you the propriety as well as justice of postponing the assignment of quotas in this State until that time, when you will have a just and fair basis upon which to make such assignment.

I am confident that the contrary course would be productive of much ill-feeling and dissatisfaction among the people and would be really injurious to the best interests of the service.

I would also urge the necessity of the General Government adopting some measures to prevent the escape of persons seeking to avoid the draft into Canada and other foreign asylums. The State and local authorities are powerless in the premises, but are held responsible for the result. I do not think it us to enforce supplemental drafts unless the Government does all within its power to prevent the escape of such persons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

[Inclosure]

PROV. March 'S OFFICE, FIRST DIST. OF WISCONSIN,

Milwaukee, December 23, 1864.

Honorable JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor in reply to your request to be informed of the state of the enrollment in the First Congressional District of Wisconsin to report in behalf of this Board that, pursuant to your proclamation of the 28th of November last, and of instructions from Colonel C. S. Lovell, acting assistant provost-marshal-general of this State, of a few days earlier date, and Circular 39 from the Provost-Marshal-General's Office dated 15th of November last, the Board of Enrollment of this district sent into each of the counties therein a competent and efficient agent to aid the local authorities and others in each sub-district to "thoroughly revise and correct" their enrollment lists.

Since then these agents have been and are now actively engaged in the work, but from its extent and complexity have not as yet been able to perfect it; but this Board is of the opinion it can be completed by the 1st of January next, so that the corrected enrollments can be borne on the monthly report of the state of the enrollment to be made

---------------

*Not received as an inclosure.

---------------

