
at that time to the Provost-Marshal-General. I would further state that none of the men drafted from this district under the late call for 500,000, whether held to service, exempted for cause, who have not reported, or who have deserted before reporting, have been entered on or borne on the monthly report of the state of the enrollment under the impression they could and should be made at one time at the close of the drafting for the district under former calls, which is still in progress as to some of the sub-districts.

This Board is apprehensive, from recent information received from the Provost-Marshal-General's Office, that the quota for this district is being or about to be assigned under the new call on the state of the enrollment as it now stands in that office. If it is so done, it will work great injustice to this district; will wholly thwart all our efforts now making pursuant to Colonel Lovell's instructions and your proclamation to correct the rolls in this district, and excite in the people a feeling prejudicial to the Government and the great and good cause we all have so much at heart. I therefore, in behalf of this Board, respectfully request that you would make such representations to the proper department, or otherwise use the influence belonging to your position, as will place us right on the record at Washington, and cause the quota of this district, under the new call for 300,000, to be based on our return to be made January 1, 1865.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. M. BAKER,

Commissioner of Enrollment, First District of Wisconsin.
HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Saint Louis, December 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: When I saw you in Washington last week, and offered verbally a plan for the reorganization of the old cavalry regiments of Missouri Volunteers, by a system of recruiting out of the Missouri State Militia force, you expressed your unwillingness to issue any order in the premises until the present department commander, General G. M. Dodge, could be consulted and his views ascertained. In accordance with your decision, therefore, I will offer, in writing, the plan I was instructed by His Excellency the Governor to propose, and invite your attention to such indorsement as General Dodge may make upon this communication:

First. The term of service of the peculiar force known as the Missouri State Militia commences to expire during the present month, and (with exception of a small proportion of recruits who have been enlisted at various times since its organization) it will all be mustered out of service during the next six months. Its aggregate strength as shown by the last returns received is in the neighborhood of 8,000 men. One regiment of veterans, the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, has already been raised out of it; another has been commenced, the Fourteenth Cavalry, and will, I have reasons to believe, be speedily completed, 250 men being already at the rendezvous as a nucleus. Say 1,000 men will be required to fill up the latter regiment, we have then an aggregate of about 7,000 left in the force, which can

