
General Fry upon this same subject at length in order to have his views expressed regarding it as a recruiting measure.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, December 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you authorize me to raise ten new regiments under the last call, the field officers to be selected from men who have been in service not less than two years? Answer to Columbus.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 24, 1864.

Governor BROUGH, Columbus:

I will be glad to give you the authority asked in your telegram of this date under the general regulations of the service if, on consideration and consultation with the commanders in the field, the organization of new regiments shall be found advantageous to the service. Their earnest desire has been to fill up the old regiments instead of making new organizations, although it is much easier to raise the men by new regiments. I will give you an early definite answer, but would be glad to have your views as to the practicability of filling up the old regiments.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., December 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Under the President's recent call I have issued orders for one regiment of infantry for one year from each Congressional district, making eleven regiments altogether. The orders contemplate the appointment of a chief recruiting officer for each district, who will have the general management of recruiting and discharge the duties heretofore intrusted to commandants of district camps in raising troops; sub-recruiting officers to be appointed to enlist the men, say not less than three officers for each company; proper and necessary expenses to be reimbursed to recruiting officers on proper vouchers; the surgeon of Board of Enrollment to examine recruits, and the district-provost-marshal to muster them in; no district camps to be established; the general rendezvous to be in this city, to which recruits will be forwarded in squads once a week. The orders conform in other respects to the plan hitherto adopted. Appointments of recruiting officers will be made with reference to their accepting commissions, and, as far as possible, selection will be made from those who have had experience in the field. As existing regulations allow me to appoint only one recruiting officer for a company-a second lieutenant-conditionally, I ask that authority be given to make appointments according to the above plan. Without the aid of these officers the troops cannot be raised. Please answer by telegraph immediately.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

