
4. The paymaster shall render a monthly account current, with vouchers, to the Paymaster-General, and send a copy of the account current to the Adjutant-General of the Army for reference in that office. In this account current the amounts received shall be credited to the men from whom they are taken, and all transactions under this order, with names of all the parties concerned, will be carefully noted for the month embraced.

5. The paymaster shall deposit all moneys received in a public depository of the United States, or a national bank, most convenient to his station. In case any of the money received shall be of State bank or other money not bankable at par, the sum shall be converted into bankable money at the market rates, and the proceeds only of such conversion entered to the credit of the soldier, the cashier of the depository or bank certifying in the check book the amount in dollars and cents of discount lost by the conversion.

6. When a soldier desires to assign his money, or any part of it, to his family, or other person, he shall give an order in duplicate on the paymaster for the amount, and the paymaster shall then pay the amount according to the order. The order shall be witnessed and certified as genuine by the commanding officer of the rendezvous, or the officer specially charged with that duty. The paymaster will issue his check on his depository payable to the order of the assignee, and himself deliver or mail it direct to the assignee, in no case permitting it to fall into the hands of the soldier. Such checks, with number, date, and amount, will be charged in the soldier's check book and on his muster and descriptive list, to be deducted from his deposit, and will also be borne on the paymaster's account current. To guard against collusion between the soldier and the assignee, by which the money or a part of it may be returned to the soldier for dishonest purpose, the paymaster should be satisfied that the assignment is bona fide and to the family of the soldier or a lawful creditor.

7. After arriving at his regiment the soldier may claim payment of the amount of his deposit from the paymaster who pays his regiment, on r payment being made him. The showing in his check book, corroborated by the entry on his muster and descriptive list, will be taken as evidence of the amount due him, which amount will be regularly entered on the muster and pay roll. If paid his deposit by the paymaster he shall take the whole amount or none, and shall surrender to him his check book; but if he so elect, he may leave it in the hands of the Government, in which case it will be held subject to the rules of deposits laid down in paragraph 1385, General Regulations.

8. In case of death or discharge the money will be drawn from the Treasury in the same mode as other dues from the United States. In case of men charged with desertion, satisfactory proof must be produced either of pardon, or of a removal of the charge, or that the ed out his time and been properly discharged.

9. At the less important rendezvous, where it is not deemed necessary to station a paymaster, an officer of intelligence and good character, preferably one who has given bonds to the United States, will be appointed to receive the moneys. He will comply with the above requirements so far as they are applicable, and will turn over the amounts to the nearest paymaster-who shall be one of the paymasters of the rendezvous-once in thirty days, together with a triplicate copy of the list prescribed in paragraph 3, and any other information which the paymaster may require to keep his accounts. The sums collected by paymasters under this paragraph are to be held subject

