
to the order of the Paymaster-General; balances to be turned over, at any time, upon his order to paymasters engaged in the ordinary duties of the department.

10. All sums of money which may have been heretofore taken from soldiers at draft rendezvous, and which remain under the control of any officer, will, a soon as this order goes into effect, be turned over to the officer appointed under its provisions to receive them. All requisite information will at the same time be furnished to enable the officer receiving it to give credits to the proper soldiers for the several amounts due them, and no pains will be spared to secure the prompt transfer of the money to them.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 306. Washington, December 27, 1864.

REGULATIONS CONCERNING HOSPITALS.

I. U. S. general hospitals are under the exclusive control of the Surgeon-General, and will be governed by such regulations as the Secretary of War shall approve, upon his recommendation.

II. Medical officers, commissioned in the regular or volunteer service, assigned to duty in charge of U. S. general hospitals, acting under the instructions of the Surgeon-General, and not subject to the orders of local commanders, other than those of geographical military departments or divisions, are charged with all the duties of commanding officers, and will be obeyed and respected as such.

III. Repairs, additions, and alterations involving expenditure of public funds will in no instance be ordered by surgeons in charge, who will refer all necessary requisitions for these purposes through the medical director for the recommendation of the Surgeon-General and the action of the War Department.

IV. Enlisted men fit for duty in the field will not be detailed to or retained in general hospitals in any capacity. Companies of the Second Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, will be detailed, with our without commissioned officers, as the Surgeon-General may direct, for guards, attendants, nurses, cooks, &amp;c., at general hospitals. Companies and detachments so detailed will be regularly mustered by surgeons in charge, commissioned in the volunteer or regular service, and will not be relieved or transferred except by order of the Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., December 27, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the state of the recruiting service of colored troops in Kentucky, together with the regiments fully organized on duty in the State:

5th Cavalry (one battalion with General Burbridge, two battalions operating against guerrillas)...................... 1,200

6th Cavalry, (one battalion with General Burbridge) organizing at Camp Nelson........................................ 437

