
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 29, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

The eleven regiments of infantry referred to in your telegram of the 25th instant are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War under the following conditions:

First. The regiments will be for general service wherever required. Second. The period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as the recruits may elect.

Third. The regiments must be mustered into service by February 7 next, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the call.

Fourth. Incomplete regiments and companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in with complete regimental organizations before the aforesaid date.

Fifth. The recruitment, organization, and musters must conform strictly to existing regulations and no departure therefrom will be sanctioned.

The modifications of the system of recruitment as referred to by you in your telegram of the 25th instant, being in conflict with the regulations and prejudicial to the service, are disapproved.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 29, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

As requested in your telegram of the 24th instant, you are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise ten new regiments of volunteer infantry under the call of the 21st instant for 300,000 men.

Period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect.

The said regiments must be mustered into service by February 7 next, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the call.

Incomplete regiments and companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in with complete regimental organizations before the aforesaid date.

Recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to existing regulations.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December, 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

One-fifth of our time for recruiting expires to-day and no movements making. We cannot move effectually without recruiting details or parties stimulated by recruiting commissions. I anxiously await orders or indications of a policy in regard to raising the force. Will follow what you may suggest, but request early decision.

JNO. BROUGH.

