
we had given the whole question, we thought might be valuable to the Department.

One item in our accounts we were not clear about, viz, the charge for hotel expenses in New York. None of us are particular on that point; but whatever may be the decision, I assure you that with that allowed, my expenses will not be met.

The tables we hope you may find of use in the future, as I doubt not they will satisfactorily explain our action.

Many other calculations were made and tables prepared, but we did not think them of sufficient importance to make part of the report. Should you wish them for your office, they can be had by writing to Honorable Leander Babcock, Oswego.

Wishing you every success in the arduous duties of your office, and again offering you any assistance in my power or information I can give as to my State,

I am, yours, very truly,

JOHN LOVE.

P. S.-I leave for home to-night.

J. L.

NEW YORK, February 17, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of the Commission to revise and correct the enrollment and quota of the city and State of New York.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. ALLEN,

Chairman Commission.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, February 16, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The special Commission appointed by the Secretary of War by order bearing date the 5th of December, 1863, to revise the enrollment and quotas of the city and State of New York, and report whether there be any and what errors and irregularities therein and what corrections, if any, should be made, respectfully report:

That in pursuance of said order the Commission met and organized in the city of New York on the 16th of December, 1863, and appointed Leander Babcock, of the city of Oswego, clerk; that they remained in session during that and the two succeeding days, and after conferences with General William Hays, acting assistant provost-marshal-general on duty in the city of New York, and Colonel Nugent, his predecessor, and determining so far as they could upon the mode of procedure and what information and documents would be required to enable them to discharge the duties devolved upon them, adjourned to meet at the same place on Tuesday, the 5th day of January, 1864. During the recess General Love, one of the said commissioners, at the request and by the direction of his associates, visited Washington and Albany to confer with the War Department of the General Government and the proper authorities of the state of New York and obtain such information and documents as then could be procured; and subsequently Mr. Smith, another member of the Commission, at the request of his associates, visited Washington for a like purpose.

