
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 42. Washington, D. C., December 31, 1864.

The wants of the service do not (except in special cases, to be designated by the War Department) at this time require the enlistment of recruits for heavy artillery, light artillery, or cavalry, and provost-marshals are instructed that until further orders they will enlist recruits only for the infantry service.

JAMES. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPOT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 31, 1864.

Colonel T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: To-day I brought to the notice of the Secretary the propriety of abandoning the system of individual musters and returning to the old system of musters by organization.

The Secretary ordered that the old system of mustering by organization be resumed, and that a letter of instructions to that effect accompany authorization hereafter issued to raise new regiments or companies, and hereafter prepare letters of organization accordingly.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December 31, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

On December 29 authority was given to raise ten new regiments under existing regulations, and we have given full notice and issued a number of recruiting commissions in accordance therewith. On the 31st General Fry telegraphs a revocation of the most material existing regulation, being Order 243, in relation to mustering recruits. This leaves our case hopeless. We cannot secure the local bounties, and cannot raise new organizations under the old rule. I hope you will restore the revoked order, at least during the present call.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 31, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN,

Madison, Wis.:

Your letter of 22nd received.* Authority to raise artillery and cavalry cannot be granted, but you are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise two new regiments of volunteer infantry under the call of the 21st instant for 300,000 men.

Period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

