
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 3, 1865.

Adjutant-General BAKER,

Davenport, Iowa:

Your telegram of 2nd received. Authority to raise cavalry cannot be granted, but you are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise one new regiment of volunteer infantry under the call of the 21st ultimo for 300,000 men. Period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect. The said regiment must be mustered into service by February 7 next, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the call. Incomplete regiments and companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in with complete regimental organizations before the aforesaid date. Recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to existing regulations. In organizing the regiments General Orders, Numbers 243, series 1864, Adjutant-General's Office, will not be applicable, the said order having been revoked.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 5, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: Your telegram to General Hancock saying that a three-years" cavalry regiment could be raised in Massachusetts for the First Corps has been forwarded to this office, and in reply I have the honor to inform you that regulations relative to the organization of the corps do not contemplate the cavalry arm being represented therein.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 5, 1865.

Colonel B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Comy. of Musters, Dept. of the Missouri, Benton, Barracks, Mo.:

SIR: I have respectfully to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd ultimo, transmitting list of regiments of Missouri State Militia received into service under General Orders, Numbers 96, War Department, series of 1861, mustered in for during the war, but who claim discharge after three years" service. In reply I am directed to inform you that the said troops were mustered in for during the war, but it is decided by the Department that they will be held for three years only, and their muster out will be governed accordingly, under the same regulations as are applied to the muster out and discharge of other troops from the service of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

