
[Indorsement.]

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Augusta, Me., January 7, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General James B. Fry, Provost-Marshal-General.

From all the information I have been able to gain from prominent and influential men from all parts of the State, for the reasons set forth in the communication of Captain Low, I am of the opinion that the services of a company, or part of a company, are very desirable for the protection of the northeastern frontier.

R. M. LITTLER,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

ALBANY, January 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I respectfully invite immediate attention to note of my adjutant- general of 3rd instant asking authority to recruit and organize regimental and company organizations. This authority granted, we can save a draft.

Respectfully,

R. E. FENTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 6, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

Authority is hereby granted you to raise five complete regiments of volunteer infantry and fifty detached companies of infantry, these last to be assigned to regiments now in service or consolidated into regiments or battalions as may hereafter be deemed best.

The recruitment and organization of these troops to be in accordance with existing regulations. The men not to be mustered into U. S. service until the organization of a company is completed.

No cavalry is required at this time. The proposition to raise squads of infantry and commission for them and second lieutenants will be considered hereafter. Letter by mail to-morrow.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 10, 1865.

Honorable B. F. LOAN,

Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Colonel Alexander, the acting assistant provost- marshal-general for this State, showed me a telegram from General Fry and also a letter, which he understands to mean that the counties and sub-districts of this State shall not be allowed, under the last call of the President for troops, any surplus which they have heretofore furnished over and above their quotas. Such an arrangement seems to me very unjust, for sub-district Washington Township has a surplus of 131 men over and above the quotas assigned to it under all calls

