
Second. To undertake to carry out these plans would add much to the complication and labor of getting men into service, and would necessarily put some in without complete records. In the earnest endeavor to administer the draft laws as they exist in such a manner as to raise troops, and at the same time make them bear as lightly as possible on the people, the labor of this Bureau has become immense and complicated, and it should not be increased except to accomplish important purposes.

Third. These schemes have the effect of enabling able-bodied men enrolled by law as constituting the national forces to escape instead of rendering personal service in defense of the country, and they encourage a traffic in men which is demoralizing and injurious to the service, and which should be checked as far as possible.

The memorial forwarded by Mr. Fogg is especially objectionable as having so little semblance of substitution, as authorized by the acts of Congress. It asks that volunteer recruits-that is, men who go into service before draft as volunteers and receive U. S. bounty, &amp;c.-shall after draft be converted into and called substitutes for certain individuals who may have contributed more or less to a special bounty for the benefit of these recruits. Neither the law nor the interests of the service would justify this. I recommend that it be not granted.

The request of Wilson and Banfill amounts in substance to asking the Government to appoint them substitute brokers, and let them put substitutes in now and name the principals after the draft. I recommend that it be refused.

The request of the Cincinnati association, made by Mr. Sayler, is the same in substance as that presented by Mr. Fogg, and remarked upon above. It is not the substitution provided or authorized by Congress, and I recommend that it be not granted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

DAVENPORT, January 12, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Fry on 31st August, 1864, ordered Major Thomas Duncan, acting assistant provost-marshal-general of this State, to adopt schedule of the counties which furnished men for our early regiment as presented by the State and distribute quota accordingly. Major Duncan suggested in reply the adoption of same be postponed until after draft then pending, and then promised to carry out the schedule. Nothing is being done. The draft is imminent, and dissatisfaction is widespread and threatening. This was conceded to Illinois before last draft. My schedule is accurate and embraces men not before distributed, and has been in the hands of Major Thomas Duncan for months. I respectfully ask that Major Duncan be peremptorily ordered to at once adopt the schedule, to employ all necessary clerical force to carry it out forthwith, and to distribute the county credits to the townships and according to enrollment, if no better plan can be suggested. It is feasible and proper.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

