
furnished for one year was 2,685; for two years, 204; for three years, 61; a very large proportion, as will be observed, being one-year's men. The excess of credits on the 1st day of August was 1,407, of which the First District is credited with 1,037 and the Second District with 370; and credit has been given for three years" term of service on each unit. The First District furnished 1,859 more years of service than the Second District, and consequently the larger number to be furnished under call of December 19 falls on the Second District. If there is any error in these figures I shall be happy to correct it when pointed out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 12, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

Permission to raise fifty detached companies cannot be granted, but twenty will be permitted under same conditions as new regiments authorized December 29, 1864.

Incomplete companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated so as to from and be mustered in with complete company organizations before the aforesaid date.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 13, 1865.

General N. B. BAKER,

Davenport, Iowa:

No change can be made in the existing orders of this Department respecting the raising of new regiments.

C. A. DANA,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 13, 1865.

General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

I have seen your General Orders, Numbers 2. You misunderstand my Circular Numbers 1. In assigning the quotas under call of December 19, I give credit not only for all the men composing the excess of any place on call of July 18, but consider the periods of service of these men, and the quotas are reduced accordingly. This being done, the quotas must be reduced only by proper enlistments subsequent to December 19. You will find that you are fairly dealt by. The tone and language of your order indicate misunderstanding. I suggest that you recall it.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

