
DAVENPORT, January 13, 1865.

General FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I thank you for your telegram. Will publish most of it to-morrow to satisfy our people. I cannot revoke the order, as it bears upon the new regiment, which I cannot raise under restrictions imposed on me by War Department. If the order is offensive to you personally or officially, I will put out a circular disavowing any such intention.

N. B. BAKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 13, 1865.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS,

Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram relative to raising new organizations is received. Cavalry and artillery are not wanted, but if you desire to raise new regiments of infantry, or new companies of infantry to be assigned to old regiments in which vacancies now exist, please inform me immediately by telegram, so that the necessary authorization and instructions may be issued. It is proper to add that new organizations which may be authorized must be completed by February 7 next, so that they may be duly credited, any incomplete organizations at that date to be consolidated so as to form complete ones.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD COMPANY,

Numbers 238 South Third Street, Philadelphia, January 13, 1865.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In order that there may be no misunderstanding in regard to my application as made to you yesterday, I herewith restate the same;

First. In order to retain skilled employes on our several lines of railway, which is essential to the best interests of the Government, we desire to make an arrangement with you by which we can put into the Army and Navy good, acceptable substitutes for three years in place of those of our men who may be drafted under the calls of the Government.

Second. That we may have the privilege of furnishing the substitutes at Philadelphia, Pittsburg, or Harrisburg, who, when duly inspected by the officers of the Government at either of those points and accepted and mustered into the service, shall, upon the certificate of those officers, release the parties whom we may designate, no matter in what district they may have been enrolled or drafted.

As the draft will be made for one year only, you will observe that our proposition is to furnish acceptable men for three years. Quile a good trade for you in that respect, and as far as we are concerned we will be enabled to keep our railroad facilities in good shape for the uses of the Government and the public generally. I therefore hope that all we desire may be promptly granted.*

Very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Vice-President.

---------------

*Approved by the Secretary of War.

---------------

