
NASHVILLE, TENN., January 13, 1865.

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The convention composed of more than 500 delegates from all parts of the State have unanimously adopted an amendment to the constitution forever abolishing slavery in this State and denying the power of the Legislature passing any law creating property in man. Thank God that the tyrant's rod has been broken.

This amendment is to be submitted to the people for ratification on the birthday of the Father of his Country, when, without some reverse of arms, the State will be redeemed and the foul blot of slavery erased from her escutcheon. I hope that Tennessee will not be included in the bill now before Congress and be made an exception if the bill passes.

All is now working well, and if Tennessee is now let alone will soon resume all functions of a State according to the genius and theory of the Government.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 14, 1865.

General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

As the order stands before the country it certainly does me injustice which I presume you did not intend. I hope you will be able to raise the regiment. Your dispatch of 12th to Secretary is referred to me. I supposed that you were entirely satisfied with the assignment of quotas to Iowa made last summer. Major Dodge of my officers starts to Davenport to-morrow to examine into and rectify the whole subject.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE OF QUEENS COUNTY JUDGE,

Glen Cove, L. I., January 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States:

SIR: The Board of Supervision of Queens County, in the First Congressional District of the State of New York, having appointed Ex-Governor John A. King, John C. Jackson, esq., and myself a committee from the citizens of the county, in conjunction with Supervisors Downing, Duryea, and Snedeker, of their own Board, to proceed to Washington and represent to you what was believed to be the hardship and injustice about to be perpetrated upon the citizens of the county in enforcing upon them the raising or setting apart of what they believe to be an excessive and unjust proportionate number of men to fill the quota of the county under the call of the President of the United States for 300,000 men, under date of December 19, 1864, and a portion of such committee, having waited upon you on the 12th instant, and the undersigned, on behalf of such committee, having urged upon your notice and consideration some reasons and arguments in opposition to the basis upon which you apportioned the quotas of different districts to fill the call, and you at the close of that argument having kindly expressed a willingness to receive

