
and will continue to be for nearly nine months to come, each having its 1,000 men exposed in the field, and the war fully as likely to terminate within the time of service of the one-year's recruits put in by B as to last longer, all that the acts of Congress require is to keep the two districts under equal contribution.

If it is necessary to take an indemnity of fate, so that there should be no reasonable probability of District A being required to render more service than District B, then District B might be now charged with one-third or one-half of the excess of time which, the recruits of A have promised to render, but have not rendered and probably never will.

It is respectfully submitted that the basis of apportionment should be so changed as not to require one locality to expose three lives where another of equal population exposes but one, and that the acts of Congress not only do not prohibit such a course, but, properly understood in their spirit and scope, command and require such action.

I have thus hastily noted these suggestions in the midst of interruptions, and beg that you will consider that if the present rule be persisted in, then three-fourths of the men of Queens County who can pass a medical examination must cease to be producers, and must gird on the implements of war and take their places at the front under what appears to us to be an unjust and highly inequitable rule of apportionment.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

ELIAS J. BEACH.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 14, 1865-5.25 p. m.

Governor JOHNSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Yours announcing ordinance of emancipation received. Thanks to the convection and to you. When do you expect to be here? Would be glad to have your suggestions as to supplying your place as Military Governor.

A. LINCOLN.

[JANUARY 14-29, 1865.-For correspondence between Governor Fletcher and the Secretary of War in relation to abolition of slavery and organizing troops for service in State, see Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part I, pp. 520, 535, 678.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] WASHINGTON, D. C., January 15, 1865.*

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have seen General Thomas, Adjutant-General, who informs me that the crops upon the Mississippi plantations were many of them put in before the abandonment of the lands by their rebel owners, and that you are right in your undertaking to gather the products upon plantations not leased by the Government and which are abandoned, leaving standing crops. Arrangements should be made to take

---------------

*The correct date should be 1864.

---------------

