
both high and low, and enlisted under false names and false pretenses in the service of the United States, to the detriment of that service and great wrong to the veteran soldiers by forcing such companionship upon them.

I have set my face ever since I have occupied the position of superintendent volunteer recruiting for any State against so bad a practice, but I find it almost impossible to control it, and I now place the matter before you, assured that some action will be taken that will check this great evil.

If a severe penalty could be enforced against those who take these felons from prison and impose them upon Government, I feel sure it would check the evil.

My attention has been called to this matter anew by some cases just brought before me, and I shall at once issue such instructions to provost-marshals as will render the infamous work of this class of men more difficult.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SILVEY,

Captain, First U. S. Arty., Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 20, 1865.

Honorable SCHUYLER COLFAX,

Speaker of the House of Representatives:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the inclosed report of the Provost-Marshal-General, in answer to the resolution adopted by the House of Representatives on the 5th instant, directing the Secretary of War "to report to the House the rule adopted by him, if any, in apportioning naval recruits among the different enrollment districts under section 8 of "An act further to regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved July 4, 1864, and to state further the "proof of residence" required by him in making the assignment of naval recruits under that section, and by what provision of law in the apportionment in the Army is a man enlisted for three years counted as three men."

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 9, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a "resolution of the House of Representatives requesting the Secretary of War to report the rule adopted in apportioning naval (credits) recruits among the different enrollment districts under section 8 of "An act further to regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved July 4, 1864, the "proof of residence" required, and by what provision of law in the Army apportionment a man enlisted for three years is counted as three men."

On the two branches of the inquiry I respectfully report as follows:

To the first, relating to naval credits:

The number of men enlisted in the naval service of the United States who have been credited on the military quotas of the respective

