
that they are expressed, in part at least, in language unintelligible to any one not in the confidence of the writer; or that they refer to subjects (to be presently specified) not within the limited range of those permitted by the regulations to be communicated to the enemy.

Third. That some of these advertisements treat of a class of subjects in regard to which all intercourse whatever is prohibited by the laws of war. Tbusiness transactions referring to the investment or negotiation of moneys or securities at the North for persons within the rebel lines, the transmission of money, &amp;c., to the latter for their personal use, the receipt of money and goods, the supplying of prisoners of war with provisions and articles which under existing rules they are not permitted to receive, &c.

To illustrate this observation: A rebel in arms, a member of "Gilmor's battalion," writes from Richmond, through the New York News, to his father at the North, asking for authority to draw upon the latter for $100, as he is "very much in need of money." In another personal in the same paper a party at the North informs his correspondent at Richmond ("Theodore Thomas, care of General R. S. Ewell") that the draft of the latter for a certain amount upon a particular English house will be "honored upon presentation." One writing from the North to the South, in apparent answer to a prior communication, says: "Both draft and check are at hand, accepted, and invested as directed. Most of all the second-named are good." Another, writing from a Northern State to a correspondent, apparently a rebel, in Canada, informs him that what he "requires" will be "remitted" to him. Again, one who dates from New York addresses a female friend "near Raleigh, N. C.," asking after the "fate" of the "articles," referring, as it may well be inferred, to goods sent without authority through the lines; and one who subscribes his initials only, acknowledges the receipt from Honorable "E. M. Bruce" of a "box," for which he "cannot express his gratitude."

Not a few of the communications are from prisoners of war who in some cases apply to their relatives, &c., to be supplied not only with substantial articles of food, but with luxuries, of which they inclose extended lists, and, in other instances, they acknowledge, with expressions of satisfaction, the receipt of similar goods. It is to be observed that the rebel prisoners of war in our hands are at the present time, when our own soldiers are being systematically starved in Southern prison camps, expressly debarred, under the orders of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, from receiving any such articles as those enumerated in these advertisements, or, indeed, any articles of food not included in the daily regimen, expect in cases where such may be prescribed by the surgeon of the post. To furnish them, therefore, with the provisions designated would be in direct violation of existing regulations.

Fourth. It is further to be remarked that these letters abound in expressions of personal sympathy and encouragement, which, where addressed to rebels in arms, rebel prisoners, or residents in the

South, must necessarily have a very great effect in inducing them to persevere in their disloyal and traitorous purposes, assured, as they thus become, of the approbation and support of those with whom they are most nearly connected. In some of the communications the writers appeal to their correspondents at the North to administer to the wants of rebel soldiers in military custody, and in others the hopes of prisoners are excited by being informed that strenuous exertions are being used to effect their exchange. In some cases information is

