
them for one year when, in fact, each one was equivalent to three men for one year.

In the circular alluded to Mr. Whiting says the design of Congress "was to equalize the burden of furnishing soldiers, as far as possible, among the several loyal States. To attain this result the statute directs the President to take into consideration the numbers of volunteers and militia furnished by and from the several States and the period of their service since the commencement of the present rebellion." Also, he says, "It is obvious that the number of men and the period of their service must both be taken as elements of calculations in order to ascertain the total amount of service performed by the soldiers of a given State."

And again, in the opinion found in the circular of August 1, 1864, in treating of the same matters, he says: "But if one district shall fill its quota with one-year's men, and if another district shall fill its quota with three-years" men, the amounts of service of these districts will not be equal. On making up quotas under a new call, one of these districts should be credited with three times the amount of service which should be credited to the other, and the quota of the deficient district should be increased, or the quota of the district furnishing the three-years" men should be diminished, accordingly under such new call," and "that district which furnishes three-years" men now gains at once in its account with the Provost-Marshal-General the same benefit on the quota of the next draft as though it had furnished three times as many men for one year's service."

Now, under the act of Congress and these circulars, I desire to be informed whether Illinois is not entitled, under the proclamation of December 19, 1864, to be credited with 35,875 men on account of the second year of these men who have enlisted for three years, and I respectfully submit the justness of the claim on the part of Illinois to the same.

By reference to the circular of General Fry of January 2, 1865, you will, however, see that the 300,000 called for by the proclamation of December 19, 1864, is not to be reduced by enlistments made before the 19th ultimo, but only by "actual enlistments since that date."

This order, therefore, as it seems, not only destroys the right of Illinois to have her credit for the second year of these 35,875, but also for all those who enlisted after the credits (under the drafts of August 5, 1864) were made up, and before the 19th of December, 1864. In other words, it seems to be insisted (if General Fry's Circular Numbers 1 is to be understood in one sense) that the terms of the act of Congress of July 4, 1864, may be made to cut off as against the present call all enlistments made before the call of December 19, 1864, although they may not be credited against any quota heretofore fixed upon the State. If this be the construction insisted upon, I respectfully submit that it will operate with great injustice upon this State. What I desire in this (and this is all I claim), that Illinois shall have credit under some quota for all the men actually enlisted, taking as the "elements of calculation" the number of men and the period of their service. I avail myself of the visit of the Honorable Richard Yates, late Governor of Illinois and U. S. Senator-elect, to Washington to have this matter brought to your notice. Governor Yates is familiar with the whole subject, and if explanation is needed will be without doubt pleased to render any that may be asked.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD J. OGLESBY,

Governor.

