
PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR:

NO DRAFTING IN IOWA.

STATE OF IOWA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Davenport, January 23, 1865.

TO THE PEOPLE OF IOWA:

After a careful settlement with the War Department, and adjustment of credits due as under previous calls, together with recent enlistments, we are gratified in being able to announce that all demands by the Government upon this State for troops have been filled, and that we are placed beyond the liabilities of a draft under the impending call for 300,000 one-year's men. We have also effected a distribution of the men for which credits have so far been given to the State, by which each county will be credited with their due proportion of these men, and the several wards and townships will have approximate justice done them. This settlement, however, only relieves us from the present demand, and we must bear in mind that until the war terminates we are not exempt. Should another call be required, we shall secure the General Government that the people of Iowa, as heretofore, will meet it promptly.

And in view of the probabilities of a further call we urge that recruiting be continued with all possible energy, and advise our ablebodied men who can now assist the Government to avail themselves of this opportunity to assist in giving the finishing blows to the rebellion.

The efficiency of our veteran regiments demands that they should be speedily filled up, and this is due as a matter of justice to them as well as to the country.

We congratulate you upon a result alike creditable to you and gratifying to the State authorities, who have co-operated in your efforts and exerted their utmost ability in the discharge of their duties.

It is a proud reflection that so far during this protracted war you have performed the highest obligations due from a people to their Government and country.

Promptly meeting every demand made upon you for men and money, patiently submitting to all the embarrassments attending a crisis like the present, you have sustained the Government in disaster and success with unfaltering devotion and fearlessly vindicated its policy against all enemies and traducers. Prouder still is the record of your military deeds. Among the first to rally in vindication of our insulted flag, your soldiers have been constantly in the front, performing the longest marches, participating in the severest battles, and bearing themselves on all occasions with the most conspicuous gallantry. Secure in the admiration of a grateful country, our State has won a high place in the pages of history. With this wicked rebellion rapidly tottering to its end and the glorious work of universal emancipation so near its final accomplishment, we may begin to anticipate the blessings of an Honorable peace, the glory of a country reunited, prosperous, and happy, and of a Government which guarantees liberty and justice to all.

Remembering the many thousands of brave men who in distant States are still bearing our banner toward the enemy, let us invoke him who is guarding our armies through the struggle to continue His merciful and providential care over them. Let us, with all the means

