
in our power, render our best efforts to sustain the old flag of the Union. Let us give our best efforts to sustain the Government in men and means. Let us never forget the families of the brave men in the field. Let us do our duty at all times and in all seasons, under all calls, and under all demands of the General Government, and we shall show the world that although treason and rebellion may flourish for a seaefeat, disaster, disgrace, and humiliation.

Per order of William M. Stone, Governor of Iowa:

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 3. Washington, January 24, 1865.

Circular Numbers 67, from this office, dated August 26, 1864, is hereby rescinded. The examination at rendezvous provided for in Circular Numbers 67 will be discontinued. The medical officers will report by letter to the Surgeon-General for orders.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 24, 1865.

Major R. M. LITTLER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

MAJOR: The quota of the State of Maine under the call of the President for 300,000 men, dated December 19, 1864, is 8,339.

This is the number required under the call after taking into account the credits to which the State is entitled by estimating the number of years of service furnished by one, two, and three years" men.

The quota of the First District is 2,172, Second District is 1,477, Third District is 1,402, Fourth District is 1,644, Fifth District is 1,694.

In this estimate the Provost-Marshal-General has taken into account all credits to which the several districts are entitled on account of men raised up to December 31, 1864, including excess under former calls.

In order to equalize this credit you will multiply the quota of the district by three, thus reducing it from a three-years" to a one-year's basis. To the product add the excess of years service, and then distribute this sum to the several sub-districts in proportion to the number enrolled in each. This gives the number of years of service required from each sub-district, increased by the excess. From this number deduct the excess which the sub- district has actually furnished, and the remainder is the actual number of years" service required, which, divided by three, gives the actual number of men required from the sub-district under the call.

Suppose the quota under the present call in a given district containing eight sub-districts is 1,000 men, and that the quota in that

68 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

