
Prompt provision should be made for the issue of bonds to meet the outlay necessary.

The allotment system has aided largely in furnishing relief to the families of our absent soldiers.

This commissioner has received and paid over the sum of $1,159,072.03 during the past year. His report will be laid before you.

On the 8th of December, 1864, by order of Major-General Dix, commanding the Department of the East, several of our citizens were arrested and removed beyond the limits of the State. It became the duty of the Executive to inquire into the authority and reasons justifying such a procedure. This was done personally. As the result of the inquiry, it appeared that the offense charged was within the exclusive cognizance of the officers of the General Government, and nothing further could be effected than to secure the assurance of an early investigation, which it is to be hoped will result in establishing the innocence of the parties charged, and it is to be hoped for the honor of our State that the innocence of all our citizens against whom similar charges may be preferred will be established.

In conclusion, I have only to add that your attention will naturally be engaged by topics of the most grave and serious nature, bearing upon the best mode of giving aid to the Government in our common struggle for national preservation, a proper recognition of the services of those who hazard their lives in the cause and commit their dependent families to our care, and the maintenance of the credit and honor of our State. In the discussion of these or kindred topics partisan spirit can have no place. Invoking the blessing of God upon your action, I commit to you those suggestions upon the work which devolves upon you, gentlemen of the Senate and House of Representatives.

JAMES Y. SMITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 26, 1865.

Honorable H. HAMLIN,

President of the Senate:

SIR: I transmit herewith the report of the Adjutant-General upon the resolution of the Senate, dated December 22, 1864, in relation to volunteers called out in the State of Delaware for thirty and for one hundred days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 29, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your reference of the following resolution of the Senate of the United States:

DECEMBER 22, 1864.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the Senate whether volunteers for thirty days and for one hundred days were called for by order of his Department at any time preceding the two last drafts in the State of Delaware from that State, and if so, for what purpose and under what authority of law; whether such volunteers were promised, as an inducement to volunteer, exemption from said drafts; whether said volunteers were exempted from said drafts when they volunteered; whether they were kept within the limits of said State, and whether they were promised, as a further inducement to volunteer, that they should not be sent without the limits of said State, or that they should not be employed in active service in the field.

Attest:

JOHN W. FORNEY,

Secretary.

