
In reply, and as directed, I respectfully report as follows:

First. Troops were called and accepted for thirty and one hundred days for the service (purpose) indicated by the following statement:

Number and	 	 Nature of

kind of	 Term.	 service to	 How called 	 Remarks.

troops.	 	 be	 out.

rendered.

Days.

One	 100	 General	 By War	 After

regiment	 	 service	 Department,	 organization

of	 	 wher-	 	 sent to

infantry	 	 ever	 through	 Fort Delaware

(9th).	 	 required.	 Provost-	 to guard

Mar-

shal-	 prisoners of

General of	 war.

the

United

States.

One	 30	 Duty in	 By Major-	 Left Delaware

regiment	 	 Middle De-	 General	 so soon as

of 	 	 	 Wal-

infantry	 	 partment	 lace.	 raised. Served

(7th).	 	 during	 Action	 at Relay

confirm-

rebel raid	 ed by War	 House and on

in July,	 Depart-	 Northern

1864.	 ment.	 Central

Railroad as

far as

Westminster,

and did

picket duty

from there

to the

Monocacy.

One	 30	 Duty as	 By Major 	 Served also at

company of	 	 scouts and	 H. B. Judd,	 Relay House

cavalry	 	 pickets	 military	 and on the

(Milli-	 	 between	 commander	 Northern

gan's).	 	 Susquehanna	 at	 Central

River	 Wilmington,	 Railroad as

Del.,	 far

and Du	 under	 as

Pont's	 authority	 Westminster,

of 	 and did

Powder	 department	 picket duty

Mills dur-	 com-	 from there

ing rebel	 mander.	 to the

raid in	 Action con-	 Monocacy.

July, 1864.	 firmed by

War De-

partment.

Second. They were called for and (where no direct call was made) accepted under section 1 of the act approved July 17, 1862, "to amend the act calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, approved February 28, 1795, and the acts amendatory thereof, and for other purposes."

Third. Whether the troops were promised," as an inducement to volunteer, exemption from said drafts" is not known to this Department, but no such promise was made by its authority. Under the regulations respecting exemptions men actually in service at the time they are drafted are exempt.

Fourth. The Ninth Regiment (100-days" troops), after organization, was sent to Fort Delaware, De., to guard prisoners of war.

The Seventh Regiment (30-days" troops) left the State after organization, and served at the Relay House and on the Northern Central Railroad as far as Westminster, and did picket duty from there to the Monocacy.

Milligan's cavalry company (30-days" troops) served as scouts and pickets between Du Pont's Powder MKills and Susquehanna River; also at Relay House and on the Northern Central Railroad as far as Westminster, and did picket duty from there to the Monocacy.

Fifth. Sucvh of the troops as were designed for specific service of the State were enlisted for such special service only. What promises were made to them by enlisting or recruiting officers or agents is not known to this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 26, 1865.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's letter of the 16th instant in relation to

