
the enlistment of veteran troops who are unwilling to be sent to a general rendezvous, and to furnish you with a copy of the report of the Provost-Marshal-General, to whom the communication was referred.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 26, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

You are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise fifty companies of volunteer infantry under the call of December 19, 1864, for 300,000 men. These companies to be assigned to regiments now in the service wherein vacancies exist, or consolidated into complete regiments, as may hereafter be deemed best.

The period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as the recruit may elect.

The said troops should be mustered into service by February 7 next, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the call before the draft commences.

Incomplete companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in with complete company organization.

The recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to existing regulations.

Should you desire to raise a larger number of companies, please advise me, stating the additional number.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 27, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is not deemed expedient to authorize the six-months" men to re-enlist for six months longer, as requested in your letter of January 17.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CLEVELAND, January 27, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Our Legislature has passed a resolution instructing members of Congress to procure credit for National Guard in 100-days" service. I am not a party to this movement. I regard it as a repudiation of my official contract, as well as a rebuke of my action, and protest against it. What further action it requires of me is under advisement.

JNO. BROUGH,

Governor.

---------------

*See indorsement of Andrew's letter of January 16, p. 1056.

---------------

