
credit of New York City since July last, many were fraudulently enlisted and counted several times over, and some of them are still in the city of New York, enlistments to fill the present quota. The conduct of the parties implicated in these frauds is now undergoing official scrutiny.

In the proceedings of the Board of Supervisors of the county of New York, as given in the New York papers of the 28th ultimo, a report by a committee consisting of Mr. Orison Blunt appears, which purports to give an account of a visit made by him to my office. The report is as follows:

(Report-Extract.)

In accordance with the instructions of your Honorable body as per resolution adopted at the meeting held on the evening of the 24th instant, the chairman of your committee at midnight proceeded to Washington. Immediately upon his arrival he had an interview with Provost-Marshal-General Fry, and endeavored to obtain an explanation (in accordance with instructions of the Board) of the means by which the quota of this county had been raised from 4,43, as announced by him to Brigadier-General Hays on the 23rd ultimo, to the enormous number of 21,019.

The chairman of your committee was informed that this increase in the quota was attributable:

First. To the redistribution of the naval credits claimed by us and allowed.

Second. To reductions in the enrollment of the country districts of this and other States, which by materially reducing their proportion of the men to be raised render ours comparatively larger.

Third. By the report to the War Department between the 23rd and 31st of December, of men raised previous to the 23rd of December, who were not considered in the first announcement. In some States, the chairman of your committee was assured, that the number thus reported was very large.

These were the only explanations which the chairman of your committee could obtain of the astounding increase of our quota. Voluminous statistics were presented to him, but nothing showing the precise method in which the quota of this county was arrived at. Full explanations were promised through Brigadier-General Hays, but such explanations have not yet been received.

* * * * * *

Had your committee, as desired by them, been authorized by the War Department two months earlier than they were, to undertake the correction of the enrollment, the work would have been finished before the present quotas were assigned, and the quota of this county would have been reduced by at least 15,000 men.

This report is materially incorrect. Mr. Blunt not only "endeavored" to obtain, but he did obtain, a full explanation of the "means by which the quota of this county had been raised from 4,433 to the enormous number of 21,019." He not only acknowledged that the explanation was full, but stated in terms that he understood it perfectly; that it was right, and he would inform the people of New York. He was shown the precise method in which the quota of this county was "arrived at," and expressed himself satisfied with both the method and calculation. He is not correct in stating that "full explanations were promised through Brigadier-General Hays, but such explanations have not been received." No other explanation was promised through General Hays than that contained in a letter from me to officer dated January 24, 1865, whicdh appears in Mr. Blunt's report, and which I read to him when he was in my office on the 26th ultimo.

The incorrectness of Mr. Blunt's statement in regard to revising the enrollment is shown by the fact that Mr. Blunt's letter asking authority to revise the enrollment, addressed to General Hays, was dated in New York November 24, 1864. It was presented to me by General

