
that such is not the effect of drafting in Kentucky now. Its effect will most clearly be to make guerrillas and greatly increase the dangers which daily threaten the loyal citizens of Kentucky. There are perhaps not more than a half dozen counties in Kentucky now which are not infested by guerrillas and in which the lives and property of loyal citizens are not daily forfeited or destroyed.

I have conversed with General Burbridge on this subject and find that he fully concurs in these views, and believes it will require a greater force to defend the State against guerrillas made by the draft than can be realized by that means. Should you agree with me in these views, please present the matter to General Fry and to the Secretary of War.

I should be pleased to hear from you at your leisure.

Very respriend and obedient servant,

B. H. BRISTOW.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War and Provost-Marshal- General.

I entirely agree with Colonel Bristow and General Burbridge about the present execution of the draft in Kentucky.

GEO. H. YEAMAN.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 2, 1865.

Major WILLIAM AUSTINE,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Brattleboro, Vt.:

I have received Governor Smith's dispatch. Please say to him that there is no doubt as to the correctness of the quota. You will distribute the quotas at once.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 3, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Recruiting for the new regiments is progressing very satisfactorily. If the time of recruiting is extended to the 15th instant, as has been done in Ohio, I believe the eleven regiments will be fully organized. This I regard as of the highest importance both to our people and the Government, and I ask that the extension be granted. Please answer immediately.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 3, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, requesting that two companies may be organized from

