
the surplus recruits for Frontier Cavalry for the Third Massachusetts Cavalry. In reply I am directed to inform you that this is authority for the organization, and the companies will be accepted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILLARD'S HOTEL, Washington, D. C., February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The committee of the Board of Supervisors of the county of New York appointed to visit Washington in relation to the deficiency claimed of the county under the call of December 19th for 300,000 men have to thank you for the facilities afforded them to arrive at the method by which the quota of the county has been completed.

We desire now to call your attention to two facts:

First. The time allowed in which to raise the large number of men so unexpectedly demanded of us is entirely too short for their voluntary enlistment. We ask that it be extended sufficiently to give us a fair opportunity to raise the men without a draft.

Second. That the enrollment upon which the quota of the county of New York is assigned is much larger than it should be. Evidence of the excessive enrollment of the county is now in a forward state of preparation, and when it shall be completed (which will be in about twenty days) we ask that the quota of the county shall be reassigned on the basis of the enrollment as corrected.

We believe that we have the stronger claim to this, inasmuch as our increased quota is due in good part to the reassignment of quotas on enrollments corrected in other districts.

Even though the necessities of the country imperatively forbid the postponement of the draft, we hope that if we give the provost-marshals full employment in mustering in volunteers you will find it consistent with the interests of the Government not to withdraw them from that duty for the purpose of enforcing the conscription.

Awaiting an early reply, we remain, sir, very respectfully,

ORISON BLUNT,

WILLIAM M. TWEED,

JOHN FOX,

SMITH ELY, Jr.,

ANDREAS WILLMANN,

Committee.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 3, 1865.

Messrs. ORISON BLUNT, WILLIAM M. TWEED, JOHN FOX, SMITH ELY, Jr., ANDREAS WILLMANN, Committee of the Board of Supervisors of the County of New York, Willard's Hotel, Washington, D. C.:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date thanking me for the facilities afforded you for arriving at the method by which the quota of the county of New York under the call of December 19, 1864, was computed.

