
regiment is raised by special authority of the War Department, under the patronage of our friends of the Union League Club: Mrs. Charles King, Mrs. Henry Van Rensselaer, Mrs. Samuel Wetmore, Mrs. George B. De Forest, Mrs. John Jay, Mrs. U. S. Murdock, Mrs. Richard M. Hunt, Mrs. J. J. Astor, Mrs. D"Oremieux, Mrs. Samuel Bridgham, Mrs. William Dodge, jr., Mrs. Jackson S. Shultz, Mrs. Frank E. Howe, Mrs. George Bliss, jr., Mrs. L. G. B. Cannon.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, No. 6. Knoxville, Tenn., January 6, 1864.

All able-bodied colored men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five within our lines, except those employed in the several staff departments, officers" servants, and those servants of loyal citizens who prefer remaining with their masters, will be send forthwith to Knoxville, Loudon, or Kingston, Tenn., to be enrolled, under the direction of Brigadier General Davis Tillson, chief of artillery, with a view to the formation of a regiment of artillery, to be composed of troops of African descent. The commanding officers of divisions and posts are charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Foster:

HENRY CURTIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, D. C., January 6, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STATNON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information a copy of a dispatch, No. 136, received from the U. S.consul at Quebec, suggesting the expediency of vigilance upon our northern frontier to prevent threatened raids by desperate individuals in the interest of the rebels.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES, Quebec, December 28, 1863.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor under this date in my correspondence with your Department most respectfully to recommend that the utmost vigilance and extended precaution be enjoined upon all the authorities in the various departments upon our borders adjacent to the provinces of Lower Canada, New Brunswick, and Nowa Scotia, to prevent the consummation of contemplated deeds of reckless wickedness. I am strengthened in this belief by the reception of letters here by rebel sympathizers from the desperate characters that have recently passed through here and are now congregated at Halifac and other points in the lower provinces. They have been disappointed in not finding their means of conveyance into the southern part of the

