
Being satisfied, as I understand you to be, of the correctness of the method of computing the quota and its application to the county of New York, you make two requests:

First. That the time be extended sufficiently to give you a fair opportunity to raise the men without a draft, or "even though the necessity of the country imperatively forbids the postponement of the draft," you hope that if you "give the provost-marshals full employment in mustering in volunteers" that I will find it consistent with the interests of the Government not to withdraw them from that duty for the purpose of enforcing the conscription.

In reply upon this point I would respectfully state that the time for draft has been fixed by the President in his proclamation, and I have no authority to give any assurances as to its extension; but if you give the provost-marshals full employment in mustering in volunteers I shall not recommend that they be withdrawn from "that duty for the purpose of enforcing the conscription."

Second. That as evidence of the "excessive enrollment of the county is now in a forward state of preparation, and when it shall be completed (which will be in about twenty days)" you ask that the quota of the county shall be reassigned on the basis of the enrollment as corrected.

I cannot recommend that the raising of troops be deferred for the purpose of correcting alleged errors in the enrollment lists, but when these lists shall have been reduced by the correction of errors a claim will be entertained for a corresponding reduction in the quotas assigned.

I have the honor to be, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, February 3, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to hand you herewith inclosed a certified copy of joint resolution of the Legislature of Wisconsin, "in relation to the manner of recruiting Wisconsin's quotas of volunteers for the U. S. service," approved February 1, 1865. Also a memorial of the members of the Legislature from the Sixth Congressional District of this State relative to the alleged excessive quota assigned to that district, which I am requested to forward to the War Department in order that the Department may be informed of the state of feeling in Wisconsin in regard to the assignment of quotas and mode of recruiting under the call of the President of December 19, 1864. In this connection I desire to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 20th ultimo, in reply to my letters of the 10th and 11th ultimo to the Honorable Secretary of War, in which you say that the effect of Circular Numbers 1, current series, and of the manner of assigning quotas adopted by you, is to accomplish just what I advise, namely, "that these towns that have been energetic and patriotic and filled, or more than filled, their quotas should have full credit for

