
complete, so that I may lay if before the people in intelligible form.

I desire further to call your attention to the subject of recruiting. During the past year about 19,000 volunteers have been enlisted in this State. Over 17,000 men have been drafted, but only 3,491 have been produced thereby. I therefore consider it a matter of vital importance to the interests of the General Government that volunteering should be stimulated to the utmost extent, and that the draft be postponed as long as practicable. To this end I again ask that authority be given me to appoint such recruiting agents as I may deem proper to recruit for new organizations in accordance with the previous practice in this and other States. The quotas of sub-districts have not been announced as yet, and probably will not be before the 7th instant, which is the time fixed for consolidating incomplete regiments, companies, and squads now in process of organization. I would therefore respectfully request that I be allowed further time in which to fill the regiments now being raised, and that the draft in this State be postponed thirty days, or such other time as may be deemed most conductive to the best interests of the service. If any of the requests or recommendations made in this letter should be granted, you will please advise me at once by telegraph.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

[Inclosure No. 1.] JOINT RESOLUTION in relation to the manner of recruiting Wisconsin's quota of volunteers for the United States service.

Whereas it appears that the authority heretofore given to the Governor of the State to appoint recruiting agents has been revoked by the War Department;

And whereas the only persons now authorized to enlist recruits are officers detailed on recruiting service by special orders from the War Department and second lieutenants appointed by the Governor and conditionally mustered into service;

And whereas the recruiting agents appointed by the Governor are only permitted to present recruits for enlistment, and can sign no enlistment papers themselves, and until such recruits are duly enlisted into the service no expenses for transportation, subsistence, or lodgings can be paid by the United States;

And whereas it will be difficult, if not impossible, to raise the required number of men without the aid of recruiting agents to be appointed by the Governor;

And whereas it is not just or proper to demand that this State shall raise men as volunteers unless the expenses of transportation, subsistence, and lodgings can be paid to recruiting agents and recruits by the United States;

And whereas it is not proposed to apply to the War Department to detail officers for recruiting service in this State, as the delay would be so great that no sufficient time would be allowed for recruiting between the date of such detail and the fifteenth day of February, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five: Therefore,

Resolved by the Senate (the Assembly concurring), That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, requested to give to the Governor full authority to appoint the necessary agents for recruiting the number of men required to fill the quota of this State as heretofore, in the

