
We are informed that the corrected enrollment of the First, Second, Third, and Fourth District now number but about one-half the original enrollment of 1863, and have been definitely informed that the corrected enrollment of the Fourth District shows but 9,228 men. We submit, then, that the Sixth District, having over 5,000 less home voters, could not have, if correctly enrolled, so many men, and would not, if the law was carried out as it was intended, have so large a quota as the quota of the Fourth District.

We beg leave to state, also, that in addition to filling our quotas as generally and with as much promptness as any district in the State, a great number of men who were enrolled in 1863, and whose names have not been taken from the enrollment lists, have enlisted in other States and in other districts in this State, owing to larger bounties being offered by the richer and more prosperous communities in other districts.

A. H. Young, Twenty-eighth Senatorial District; M. A. Fulton, Member from Pierce and Saint Croix Counties; F. R. Church, Member from Dunn, Chippewa, and Eau Claire; R. K. Fay, Member from Adams County; J. M. Tarr, Member from Monroe County; John Burgess, Member from Buffalo County; T. N. Horton, Member from La Crosse County; Jas. Berry, Member from Vernon County; A. C. Stuntz, Member from Northwest District; E. S. Miner, Member from Juneau County; Wm. H. Officer, Member from Vernon County; R. Dewhurst, Member from Jackson and Clark Counties; J. A. Chandler, Senator Thirty-first District; Carl. C. Pope, Senator Thirty-second District.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1865.

Honorable HANNIBAL HAMLIN,

President of Senate:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith, in answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 2nd instant, a copy of a report of the Provost-Marshal-General, accompanied by copies of all papers in the possession of this Department, relating to the quota of the State of Rhode Island under the act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and the acts in amendment thereto.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 3, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a resolution of the Senate, dated February 2, 1865, calling for "copies of any correspondence that may have passed between officers of the War Department and the authorities of Rhode Island relative to the quota of that State under the act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,

