
and the acts in amendment thereto; also any reports and other papers in the Department relating to the subject;" and, in reply, to inclose herewith copies of all papers in this Bureau in relation to the subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

STATE OF RHODE ISLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Providence, January, 12, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your personal attention to the inclosed correspondence will be considered an especial favor.

Learning that Captain Chadsey, who is an esteemed and personal friend, had received an order in relation to credits on our quota, I requested him to loan it to me. This request led to the correspondence which I inclose for your perusal. I applied to Captain Chadsey rather than Lieutenant-Colonel Neide, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, because I felt confident that I should receive a courteous reply, which, from my experience, I could not expect from Colonel Neide, many communications having been received by me from that officer since he has been stationed in this State that have displayed a singular want of respect for the Executive and a lack of knowledge of the requirements of his position.

I feel that Colonel Neide's repeated acts of discourtesy to myself and staff officers, and persistent usurpation of authority, should make him liable to dismissal from the service. I certainly must request that he be removed from his present position in this State.

The Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost- Marshal-General, sent me by your Department, state in section 20, under head of "duties of provost-marshals," &amp;c., that "he shall place himself in communication with the principal executive officers of the civil service within his district." I consider it impossible that any communication between Captain Chadsey and myself, either official or otherwise, could be, as Colonel Neide terms it, "to the detriment of the service of the United States," and I am surprised that he should so far forget himself as to make such a statement. Captain Chadsey is an upright and Honorable officer, and has always been true and devoted to the Government and its interests, yet he has always found it consistent to cordially co-operate with the State authorities in promoting those interests. He has not lent himself to the political schemes and intrigues which appear to have so much occupied the attention of the officers of the First District Board of Enrollment, as well as that of the acting assistant provost-marshal-general, which, having been encouraged by a certain clique, have damaged the interests of both State and Government very seriously.

Trusting you will give this matter your early consideration, I am, sir, very truly, yours,

JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island.

A true copy.

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps.

70 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

