
In my first correspondence with the Executive department Colonel Bailey did me the courtesy of conducting the correspondence as a staff office and by direction of His Excellency. Subsequently the colonel wrote me in his own person, omitting any mention of his writing by order, and lately it has been his practice to write either way, as he may have seen fit to do.

On the 22nd instant I received from Colonel Bailey the inclosed communication, marked No. 1. I thought it wanting in that official courtesy which should mark correspondence between the Executive of the State and an officer holding my position, and called the attention of His Excellency the Governor to that opinion in my reply, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose, marked A.

His Excellency wrote me in reply the communication, inclosed, marked 2. I was then in doubt whether to reply, but finally concluded to attempt to erase an evidently erroneous impression held by His Excellency that I desired to show any discourtesy toward him in my communication giving him the information called for.

I inclose a copy of my reply, marked B. On the afternoon of the same say His Excellency honored me with another communication, to the language of which I would respectfully call the attention of the Provost-Marshal-General. I would respectfully request that I may be informed if I am in any way to consider myself as acting in a subordinate capacity to His Excellency. If so, I am convinced that it would be difficult for me to conduct the business of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau without a lacking of that dignity which I believe essential to all subordinates of that Bureau.

To this communication, which I inclose, marked 3, I returned the reply a copy of which I also inclose, marked C.

I have thought it but my duty to the Provost-Marshal-General and but right and just to myself that I should forward His Excellency's communications in original and copies of my replies.

Trusting that my action will be approved by the Provost-Marshal- General,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. NEIDE,

Lieutenant Colonel 13th V. R. C., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 3, 1865.

A true copy.

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps.

No. 1. STATE OF RHODE ISLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Providence, December 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel HORACE NEIDE,

Thirteenth V. R. C., A. A. P. M. General, Providence, R. I.:

COLONEL: I am directed to request you to cause me to be furnished with such credits as have been reported to your office since October 31, with the sum total of all credits reported to you up to this date.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES E. BAILEY,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

A true copy.

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps.

