
1864, with a statement of the credits on the same to date, as shown by the records of your department. I have the honor also to inform you that His Excellency is making every exertion and offering increased bounties to furnish men promptly to the Government under this call.

Requesting the early attention of your department, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES E. BAILEY,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

A true copy.

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 17, 1865.

His Excellency J. Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence, R. I.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 13th instant, requesting to be furnished with a statement of the quota of your State under the recent call for 300,000 men, with a statement of credits, I have the honor to state that the quota will be prepared in a day or two.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Official copy.

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps.

STATE OF RHODE ISLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Providence, January 16, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 17th of November, 1864, I received a communication from you, inclosing copies of Circular No. 39, from your office, and of a circular letter to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general, requesting my co-operation in the correction of the enrollment of this State. I at once took such action as I considered best to insure a proper correction of the rolls, and the State has been to a large expense to accomplish the desired result.

I have failed to receive the co-operation of the officers of your department in this work, which I feel I was justly entitled to.

Several hundred names were added to the rolls furnished the State authorities for correction which had been previously stricken off as over age. This was done by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Neide, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, and has added much unnecessary labor to the work of correction.

Circular No. 39, which you inclosed, states that "the names of persons who enlist into the military or naval service, or remove permanently from a district, or whose liability terminates while in it, will be stricken off." The provost-marshals decline to act on this authority, claiming to have received special instructions directing them to act

