
[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 4, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

The principles and figures upon which the quotas of the city of New York were assigned on the 24th ultimo, and which designate the number of men required, have been already examined by a committee on the part of the Board of Supervisions of New York, who approved of the same and reported that the revised quotas of January are correct, except that they allege an excessive enrollment. It is respectfully submitted that it is unnecessary now to inquire into the basis of previous assignments, which have now no practical bearing, when current business requires all the time of the office.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 4, 1865.

This is too large a job for the officers to be encumbered with now in the midst of preparation for the approaching draft.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1865.

PRESIDENT BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR COUNTY OF NEW YORK,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The committee appointed by your Board, consisting of Colonel Stonehouse and others, to ascertain the principles upon which the quotas of New York City are assigned, and the amount of credit which the city had received, and the occasion of the increase of the quotas assigned in January, ultimo, over those assigned in December, having made an examination as to the principle on which the quotas of January 24 were assigned, and ascertained the amount of credit given, and calculated the quota of the city for themselves, and having expressed themselves satisfied that justice had been done to the city, except that the enrollment on which the quota is based is deemed by them to be excessive, and having submitted to me a rough draft of a report which they proposed to submit to you as the result of their examination, I have the honor to request that you will inform me whether the principles upon which the city of New York is assigned have been made known to the Board of Supervisors, and if so, whether the same is to them satisfactory.

Second. Whether these principles have been fairly applied to the city of New York, and whether her full share of credits have been allowed to her by the January assignment.

Third. And whether the committee is advised of any method other than the one adopted which would carry out the law governing the subject and more equitably apportion the credits and quotas to the city of New York and the county. I would respectfully request that you will, on the part of the Board of Supervisors, furnish a reply to this communication before leaving the city, and you will inclose a copy of the report made to the Board by the committee which made the examination in this office.

71 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

