
quotas, the Board adjourned to meet at 3 p.m. on the 13th instant, with the understanding that the senior member of the Board, Honorable James Speed, Attorney-General of the United States, president of the Board, would present a draft of a general report to be made to the Provost-Marshal-General as ordered by the President.

MONDAY, February 13, 1865.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

A draft of a report was presented by the president of the Board, read, and discussed. Upon further deliberation it was decided that the Board should itself determine the quota of every State and Congressional district under the call of December 19, 1864, as shown by their respective enrollments, and the number of men previously furnished by the several States and districts, respectively. It was agreed that Brigadier-General Delafied should make the calculations necessary to determine the quotas of the following States, viz, Delaware, Maryland, District of Columbia, West Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Missouri, and Kansas; Colonel Foster to do the same for the following States, viz, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.

The Board then adjourned to meet again at the call of the president of the Board.

FEBRUARY -, 1865.

The Board met pursuant to a summons from its president; all the members present as at various sessions.

Sub-reports from General Delafield and Colonel Foster in relation to the quotas which they were, respectively, charged to calculate under the rule adopted by the Board, were received and approved by the Board.

The Board having prepared a tabular statement of quotas and a general report, it was ordered that the report and tabular statement, the same being duly signed by all the members of the Board, be placed in the lands of the Provost-Marshal-General, as directed by the order creating the Board.

The journal of proceedings and other records of the Board were ordered to remain in the hands of the recorder of the Board for such disposition as the Secretary of War shall direct.

There being no further business before the Board, it adjourned sine die.

JAMES SPEED,

Atty. General of the United States and President of Board.

RICHD. DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer, U. S. Army.

C. W. FOSTER,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The undersigned, to whom was assigned the duty of applying the rule of apportioning the draft ordered on the 19th of December to the several enrollment districts and to ascertain the respective quotas, now reports:

First. The total enrollment of men liable to military duty on the 31st of December, 1864, 2,219,922, from which the draft is to be made.

Second. The number of men remaining to be furnished under the President's call for 300,000 men is 290,000.

