
of towns in the country have procured men for the Navy and come with them to the city, paying their expenses, adn have been unable to have them mustered in unless to the credit of the city of New York. It is little cause that New York City has to complain of her credits for naval recruits. And yet this is one of the causes of complain against you.

I did not intend, when I commenced, to enter so extensively into the causes of embarrassment under which you labored, but simply to bear testimony to the untiring effort you have made to discharge your duties, to avoid all cause of complaint and correct all injustice, and toy believe, that itted any mistake it has been in yielding a literal enforcement of the law where the rule seemed to operate unjustly upon localities, for which, instead of receiving the thanks of those you have thus sought to serve, you are now loaded with reproaches.

You are at liberty to make any use you please of this communication, and to call upon me at any time for such facts as are within my knowledge in vindication of the administration of the affairs of your Bureau.

Yours, truly,

A. S. DIVEN.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 6, 1865.

Major J. HAYDEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Philadelphia, Pa.:

MAJOR: You are directed to set aside until otherwise ordered from the quota of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts of Pennsylvania, which amounts in the aggregate to 11,486, the difference in the years of service of naval credits claimed by an allowed to those districts, amounting to 3,146, leaving deficiency to be furnished 8,340. The distribution of these credits will be made in such manner as you may deem advisable, conferring with the city authorities, and as soon as made report to this office the quotas of the several districts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. SCOTT,

Captain, Veteran Reserve Corps.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The system of local bounties, as you are well aware, is full of corrupting influences. For these, governments, National or State, are only indirectly responsible. You, of course, understand the serious injury they are working to and in the armies. They are reacting, through the civil agencies, upon the Government by corrupting its agents and destroying the confidence of the people. Of course, with that comes a feeling of indifference, and, following that, of actual opposition to calls for men, adn drafts to fill them when money fails to do so. From all quarters of the State now cometh up the cry from honest and earnest men: "We are discouraged. We cannot fill our

