
I have a surgeon in my mind now as to whose acts I have much information, and as to home I may make the same recommendation. An opportunity has occurred for further investigation of his case, and I hold it open for a few days, I may trouble you with it.

Pardon this long communication. Its object is more of a confidential than a public character. I am sure your purpose is to subserve the public character. I am sure your purpose is to subserve the Mine is the same, and to that end I am prompted to advise with you. I do not want to injure any man by mere suspicious or trivial charges; but as we always have much information we cannot make public, so we have ofttimes convictions that we cannot support by legal evidence upon which the public interest requires us to act.

Very truly, yours,

JNO. BROUGH.

MY DEAR FRY: My friends, the Governor and Mr. Secretary Slifer, are after me again; this time through the House of Commons, State Legislature.

I at first thought of addressing a letter of explanation to the Speaker the House, but after consideration convinces me that, as a soldier, I must defend myself in a soldierlike way; that is, to wait until the Secretary of War shall see fit to require my explanation, and then to send it up through the proper channels.

Will you please do me the favor, in the meantime, to say to Mr. Stanton that I am perfectly prepared not only to vindicate myself but to show that there is not the slightest foundation in fact for any of the allegations made?

I am not a bit afraid of these people doing me any permanent injury, but I am afraid that the persistency of their attacks will finally disgust Mr. stanton and induce him to relive me for the sake of peace (which, however, he won"t get till he sends here a man who will be a tool of that clique.) I don"t want to be relived, simply because I am most decidedly indisposed to give my enemies a triumph and if Mr. Stanton will not remove me until I do something, to warrant it I shall triumph over them to end, I think.

For tnnsylvania I have been fighting the same got of cabals and rascally influences which you have now to fight in New York. I admit I rather enjoy a good fight when I know I am in the right and therefore am unable to offer you the amount of sympathy due in your present troubles.

I congratulate you on your final flooring of Mr. Blunt (whom I have the misfortune to know personally.)

I inclose you the record of proceedings of the House, which will amuse you if have time to read it-especially the remarks of Mr. Searight.

Mr. Alleman has cause for indignation-I declined to give his brother a clerkship on the ground of incompetency.

I should like to have a good talk with you.

Mrs. Dodge is first rate, and desires to be remembered to you and Mrs. Fry.

With kind regards to her, I am, yours, sincerely.

RICHARD I. DODGE.

