
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] Credits for Substitutes in 1862-Assistant Provost-Marshal-General Dodge.

Mr. Alleman (Dauphin) offered the following resolution, which was twice read:

Whereas, by an official communication of the Secretary of the Commonwealth, Major Richard I. Dodge, U. S. assistant provost- marshal-general of this State, persists a disregard of his official duty to the people of this commonwealth, whose interests are affected by the draft of 1862; Therefore.

Resolved, That the President of the United States, be and is hereby, respectfully requested to have inquiry made into the conduct of Major R. I. Dodge, and either compel him to discharge his duty properly, or else relieve him from the position of assistant provost-marshal-general and assign some competent and faithful officer in his place.

Mr. ALLEMAN (Dauphin), Mr. Speaker, I intend no personal reflection upon Major Dodge by this resolution, but I do intend, sir, that Major Dodge, as an officer of the U. S. Army, shall perform his duty. Important trusts of this Commonwealth are placed in his hands, and if he disregards those trusts it is our duty to investigate his conduct. This resolution looks no further than to an investigation by the President himself. I have no personal feeling in this matter, and I do not wish any personal feeling expressed against Major Dodge. He is a perfect gentleman, but if he disregards his official duty I h ave a right, as the representative of a constituency who have been injured by his acts, to have them investigated.

Mr. SEARIGHT. Mr. Speakaer, I shall most cordially vote for this resolution. I think, from a transaction that I had with Major Dodge last winter he disregarded his official duties and his obligations to the citizens of this Commonwealth. I had a resolution drawn up last winter reflecting upon the conduct of this gentlemen. I was near the close of the session, and business was being urged through so rapidly that I had not an opportunity of offering it. I do say, not only as a member of this Legislature, but as a citizen of the glorious old Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, that I was treated to say the least, in a very ungentlemanly manner by this man, Major Dodge, with reference to business that I had with his department.

At one time, sir in the history of this rebellion, not very long ago, it was the practice, authorized by the General Government, to pay a certain sum to any citizen who would produce a volunteer that should be accepted. One of my constituents brought to this city- a distance of 400 miles- a number of recruits. Those recruits were accepted and were entitled to the bounty authorized by law. The papers were made out in due from and properly arranged in all respects. My constituent, after having out his papers, came to me and said that he could not get the officer whose duty it was to pay them the money to do so. Some excuse was made for the delay, and he asked me to advance the money that was due him from the Government, as proved by the papers in his possession. I loaned him the money. He said that he could not remain here at an expense and was anxious to go to his home, a distance of nearly, if not quite, 400 mils. He gave me his own receipt, a form used by the Government officers, and handed to him by this officer. After going through an ordeal, the like of which I do not wish to go through again in my natural life, going through all the military departments in this city, where men dressed in uniform were standing up with crossed bayonets and to whom I

73 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

