
had to make my obeisance and apologies before I could get admittance, I at last to the august presence of this man, Major Dodge; and, sir, without looking at me, he asked me indignantly, after I laid before him my business, if I had a license? "A license! No, sir. What for? "Why, to collect this claim- a license as claim agent." Why sir." said I do him, I am no claim agent; I do now want to be claim agent. I loaned to my constituent a sum of money which was coming to him from the Government, whose agent you are, and I have his receipt for it, and I want yo to pay me that money." Now, what, I complain of is that after being put through all this red tape, which was aa monstrous outrage, I was at last told by this man that I could not receive this money because I had no license as a claim agent. I did not receive the money, and I had to write home to my constituent to come here-nearly 400 miles-and receive this money. Now, that was intolerable treatment, unofficial conduct, and I vote cheerfully and heartily for his resolution. I thank the gentlemen from Dauphin (Mr. Alleman) for offering, it because it comes clothed, probably, with more force from that side of the house than if it were presented by this side.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 6, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN,

Madison, Wis.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 31st ultimo asking authority to raise a regiment of engineers. In reply I am directed to inform you that there is no law under which your request can be granted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 7, 1865.

Honorable SCHUYLER COLFAX,

Speaker of the House of Representatives:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of the Provost-Marshal-General in answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 6th instant in relation to preachers of the gospel. I have no information upon the subject referred to in the resolution except that contained in the report of the Provost-Marshal-General, and do not know of any privileges having been granted to preachers of one denomination of professing Christians that have been denied to other denominations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 7, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a resolution of the House of Representatives, dated February 6, 1865, wherein the

