
These 3,500 and 2,500 make precisely the 6,000 which the supposed case requires from two States, and it is just equal for Vermont to furnish 1,000 more now than New Hampshire, because New Hampshire because New Hampshire has heretofore furnished 1,000 more than Vermont, which equalizes the burgeon of the two in the long run. And this result so far from being bad faith to Vermont, is indispensable to keeping good faith with New Hampshire. By no other result can the 6,000 men be obtained from the two States and at the same time deal justly and keep faith with both; and we do but confuse ourselves in questioning the process by which the right result is reached.

The supposed case is perfect as an illustration. The pending call is not for 300,000 men subject to fair credits, and it is impossible to concede what Vermont asks without coming out short of the 300,000 men or making other localities pay for the partiality shown her.

This upon the case stated. If there be dilowance to Vermont, let them be presented and considered.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

[February 8- MARCH 23, 1865.- For correspondence between the President, Governor Fletcher, and Generals Grant and Pope in ration to measures for the restoration of law and order in Missouri, see Series I, Vol. XLVIII, Part I.
ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 9, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: In your letter of the 28th of January you ask my opinion on the legal points presented in the letter of Governor A. G. Curtin to you of date the 25th of January.

Governor Curtin's letter is in relation to the construction of the act of Congress approved 3rd of March, 1863, commonly called to the Enrollment Act. He insists-

First. That the words "period of service" since the commencement of the rebellion, as used the twelfth section of the act, do not require the President, in assigning the quotas to the several States, to take into consideration the whole term of enlistment of the volunteer and militiaman, and.

Second. That part of the act of the 3rd of March, 1863, which makes the period of service and element in the calculation necessary to determine the number of men due from a State district, county or town has bene repleaded by the second section of the act amendatory of the enrollment act, approved 24th of February 1864.

It will be more convenient to consider these question in the reverse order, inasmuch, as if it shall be found that the repeal, has been made as contended for, the first point made by the Governor need not be considered.

The great objects of the enrolment act are:

First. to declare who shall constitute the national forces; and,

Second. To organize a plan by which the national forces can be made available.

