
of Vermont, you are directed to set apart from the quota of the several districts in the State of Vermont, under the present call, the following, amounts, viz: From the First District, 266; Second district, 206, Third District, 164; making in all a reduction of 636 which you will not require the State of Vermont to furnish until further instructions. This will leave the amount to be furnished by the State of Vermont under the present call: From the First District, 499; Second District, 389; Third District, 308; total, 1,196.

These reduced quotas you will distribute to the sub-districts in accordance with the formula and instructions furnished you from this office.

You will confer with His Excellency the Governor and the adjutant-general of the State in making the apportionment to subdistricts.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 11, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your letter of 2nd instant relative to citizens of Dauphin County raising a new regiment received. In reply, it is thought no useful result would be attained by commencing the regiment at this date, in view to the proximity of the approaching draft. The request, there fore, of the parties in Dauphin County is not granted.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Wheeling, February 11, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Every possible effort is being made in this State to fill the quota under the late call of the President for 300,000 men. Counties are paying large local bounties and recruits are beginning to come in rapidly, but without an extension of the time the it will be impossible to furnish the men required by voluntary enlistments The revised quota of the State was announced on the 24th of January. Under the first announcement the quota of the First District was four men, which number was enlisted and mustered in at once, and the people feeling that all the call made no more efforts to recruit until since the last announcement was made, when they were informed that nearly 1,600 instead of 4, men, were required. If the people had known on the 23rd of December, when the first announcement of the quota was made, the number required from each county under the call, I have no doubt most of the counties would have filled their quota before the time for the draft. As it was, no assignment of quotas to counties was made by the provost-marshals of districts from which the larger portion of the men were to be furnished because the first announcement was recalled and the people could have no idea what number would

