
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 13, 1863.

Governor A. I. BOREMAN,

Wheeling, W. Va.:

So long as boards of enrollment are kept busy examining and mustering volunteers they will not be required to discontinue that duty the make the draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 6. Washington, February 14, 1865.

The attention of commanders of draft rendezvous is called to paragraphs 982, 983, and 984, Revised General Regulations of 1863, in relation to reports of detachments of recruits en route to regiments. The requirements of sections 1 and 2 or paragraph 982 will be strictly complied with.

The 'Special Report" must be rendered promptly and regularly, and forwarded, for his remarks, through the commander of the rendezvous who will be held to a strict accountability that the officers detailed for escort duty comply with the regulations in this respects. They should state the strength of their commands on leaving the rendezvous; the strength when, and the name and rank of the officer to whom turned, over and by whose order; the date, place, and circumstances attending losses; what measures were adopted to prevent desertions and to capture deserters; whether the guard performed their duty properly; the name and rank of officers with whom men are left en route, &amp;c.

Commanders of rendezvous will confirm statements that receipts have been taken and are on file, and also see that descriptive lists of all men left or lost en route forwarded with these reports.

They will also use care and discretion in the selection of experienced officers to conduct detachments to the field, and furnished them with sufficient escort to provide, as far as possible against loss of men by desertion.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 14, 1865.

General JOHN ROBERTSON,

Adjutant-General State of Michigan, Detroit, Mich.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter to the Honorable the Secretary of War, dated the 6th instant, and in reply thereto I beg leave to say: The quota of the State of Michigan is her equitable proportion of the 300,000 men called for by the President on the 19th of December, taking into account her enrollment as it stood on the 31st day of December, the amount of men heretofore furnished and the periods of their enlistment.

A portion of the call of July 18 for 500,000 men was filled by credits allowed to the different States and districts, for men previously furnished, and not heretofore credited, and thus less than 500,000 were put in service under the July call, and hence it is that the December

