
call is said be a call to make up deficiencies. But as that call was filled, either by men or lawful credits, there is no actual deficiency in the accounts of any State or district, and the December call of 300,000 has been apportioned to all the districts in proportion to their enrollment and the amount of service heretofore furnished.

In the assignment of the present quota the State of Michigan has received credit for 20,719 years of service which she had as excess under the July call. But as that call is for 300,000 men in addition to all men heretofore furnished, that excess is not deducted from the quota, except to the extent that it exceeds the average amount of excess furnished by the other States. If all the States had furnished the same amount of excess (in proportion to their enrollment) then the quotas of all the States would have been inexact proportion to their respective enrollments; but if none of the State had been in excess, then the quota of State of Michigan would have been to that extent diminished. But as all the States have more or less excess, and as the call was to obtain additional men, the excess was added to the call and distributed to the States according specific amount of excess which each State had was deducted from its quota. The approximate quotas assigned in December was made up from incomplete data, and have been revised and corrected, which accounts for the difference alluded to in your communication.

A commission has been appointed by the President to examine and report upon the correctness of the quotas of all the States and districts, and the principles upon which they are assigned, and the amounts of credits allowed to each.

Until I have been advised by the report of the committee that error has intervened in the assignment of the quotas of the State of Michigan I am at a loss to discover that any injustice has been done to the State.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[FEBRUARY 14, 1865.]

Brigadier General J. B. FRY:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed I send you the memorial of the Missouri State Convention, now in session at Saint Louis, on the subject of a draft in that State. I hope you will examine it. We cannot stand a draft in that State. General Ewing is here and assures me that a draft will be injurious and almost ruinous.

Your friend,

J. B. HENDERSON.

[Inclosure.]

Mr. PRESIDENT: The special committee appointed to memorialize the President of the United States concerning our quota and the coming draft beg leave to make the following report:

We have had the matters referred to us under careful consideration and find that, notwithstanding corrections are being constantly made in our enrollments, and that our quotas are assigned from the latest corrected returns, and not from any original enrollment, still our enrollments, which were largely in excess of our available arms bearing population when first made, have never been fully corrected.

