
and we are constrained to believe that a correct enrollment will show a total much less than the numbers apparent on our present rolls. We therefore recommend the adoption of the accompanying memorials to the President of the United States and the assistant provost-marshal for Missouri.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. WILLIAMS,

W. S. HOLLAND,

E. SMITH,

Committee.

SMALL HALL, MERCANTILE LIBRARY,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 31, 1864.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The constitutional convention now in session in Saint Louis, on behalf of the people of Missouri, beg leave respectfully to represent that, after a very patient and careful investigation into the number of soldiers we have furnished the Government and the probable arms bearing population of the State at the present time, we think we are justified in submitting for your consideration the following facts:

At the Presidential election in 1860 this State gave a total vote of 165,518 which has been diminished by rebels going South, by the bushwhackers, by the Union men murdered at their homes, by the soldiers who have died in the service by all the disloyal who have gone to other States to escape militia duty in this,and by all the Union men who have been compelled to seek refuge in other States because they could not safely live here.

Notwithstanding all these heavy drains on our population we have furnished up to December 31, 1864, to the Government 83,466 men. But these heavy drains have rapidly reduced our population, as is clearly shown by the election returns of the last President election, at which we only polled 103,302 votes, or 62,216 less than at the beginning of this war.

Our present enrollment represents this State as having, subject to military duty, 158,915, to which add the number of soldiers now in the U. S. service, about 38,000, which foots up 196,915 or 31,397 more than we had voters at the outbreak of this rebellion notwithstanding we have sustained a loss of 62,216 voters. Or, again, take the vote of November 8, 1864, which was 103,302; subtract from this our soldiers" vote, which cannot be arrived at precisely, but we put it at the low estimate of 16,000, which leaves our civil voting strength at 87,302, or 71,613 less than ohese figures, which impalmost twice as money fighting men as voters, clearly demonstrate, as we think, that our present enrollment is largely in excess of our real arms- bearing population. This excess is attributable to the fact that at the time of our first enrolment many thousands of rebels in the brush were enrolled because their families were here, and many thousands of Union men and rebels have changed their homes since, which changes have not yet been noted on our enrollments, owing to the difficulty of getting corrections made.

While we are proud to say that, so far as our loyal people are concerned, there is not in this Government a more Union-loving people, or a people who are more willing to give the last man and the last

