
in the brush, as well as every class and condition of the physically disabled, and that great numbers have left the State since they were enrolled, and that, owing to the great of many, counties from the headquarters of the boards of enrollment and the consequent trouble and expense to individuals of getting their names stricken from the rolls, persons who are clearly entitled to exemption if drafted cannot be expected to be at the trouble and expense of going to the Board for examination; and the corrections of the rolls, being the business of everybody, have, to a great extent, been neglected by everybody; therefore that this important matter may not be left to every county in the state where it has not been done, an enrolling board, who can pass not only on the non-residence and alienage of parties, but also on their physical disabilities.

ALBANY, February 14, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Governor Fenton asks for fifteen days grace before draft. I hope that his request will find favor in your eyes.

THURLOW WEED.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 15, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE,

Augusta, Me.:

Referring to your telegram of 4th instant, you are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise one regiment of volunteer infantry under the late call for general service wherever required.

Period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as the recruit may elect.

The said regiment must be completed and mustered into service within a reasonable time otherwise the companies which fail to organize will be consolidated so as to form complete company organizations.

Recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to existing regulations.

It is to be understood that this authority does not postpone or interfere with the draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, February 15, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: I ask on behalf of the people that the execution of the draft ordered to commence this day be delayed.

Arrangements could not be made by the sub-districts to obtain recruits until their respective quotas were assigned. The quotas were published about two weeks, since and although the city, county, and township authorities in this State have made extraordinary exertions to obtain men, they have failed to fill the quotas because the time given was too short. Men are now being recruited rapidly, and I think they can be obtained sooner without than with a draft.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOEL PARKER.

