
In conclusion, I would recommend that the quotas in certain districts in New York for the draft on 10th of March be reduced in the same ratio in which the President reduced them for the draft in July last, and that the President's orders then given as to a new enrollment be carried out without interfering with the draft now ordered.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 64. Washington, February 18, 1864.

Whenever refugees from within the rebel lines, or deserters from the rebel armies, present themselves at U. S. camps or military posts they will be immediately examined by the provost-marshal with a view to determine their character and their motive in giving themselves up. If it appear that they are honest in their intention of forever deserting the rebel cause, care will be taken to explain to them that they will not be forced to serve in the U. S. Army against the rebels, nor be kept in confinement. The President's proclamation of December 8, 1863, will be read to them, and if they so desire the oath therein prescribed will be administered to them. They will then be questioned as to whether they desire employment from the United States; and if so, such arrangements as may be expedient will be made by the several army commanders for employing them on Government works within their commands. Those who come to the Army of the Potomac will be forwarded to the Military Governor of the District of Columbia, at Washington, with reports in their cases, that employment may be given them if desired; or, if not, that they may be sent as far north as Philadelphia.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 18, 1864.

The SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to transmit to you the inclosed copy of the final report of Brigadier General R. Saxton, dated at Beaufort, S. C., February 7, 1864, of the result of the agricultural operations carried on by him on behalf of the Government for the past year.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Beaufort, S. C., February 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In closing up all the agricultural operations which I have carried on for the Government during the past year I deem it my duty to report as the final result 470,000 pounds of seed cotton, which will

