
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you telegram from General Hooker and the commandant of Camp Douglas about enlisting rebel prisoners. Please let me know whether you think any more rebel prisoners should be enlisted on this side.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, February 18, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have just received the following telegram, which I respectfully forward for your information:

CHICAGO, ILL., February 18, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have just received the following telegram, which I respectfully forward for your information:

CHICAGO, ILL., February 18, 1865.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

If desirable and the Government will decide now before the parole-rolls are made, two regiments can be raised within ten days for Government service from among the prisoners of war at this camp, who will refuse exchange sand be ready for active service in the field as soon as they can be officered and equipped, in my opinion with less danger of desertion than from conscripts and men who enlist for bounties.

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanidng Post.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 19, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I would most decidedly oppose enlisting prisoners of war with bounties. The most determined men against us would be the first to enlist for the sake of the money and would return with it to their friends. I would make no special objection to trying the experiment of one or two regiments raised without bounty, but even this would be risky. The men who want to enlist are those whom really it is most desirable to exchange first. If they want to enter our service in good faith, they can return under the President's amnesty proclamation and my order, and become loyal citizens and help fight on the side of peace.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 19, 1865.

Governor OGLESBY,

Springfield, Ill.:

I have directed authority to be given to assign your new companies to old regiments in your State. Your energy and success in raising troops is highly gratifying to this Department, and every facility will be afforded you. Last night we received the gratifying intelligence of

75 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

