
the occupation of Columbia, S. C., by General Sherman and the probable evacuation of Charleston. Push on the recruits and the rebellion must son be conquered.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 19, 1865.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS,

Springfield, Ill.:

This is authority from the Secretary of War to assign the new companies referred to in your telegram of yesterday to old infantry regiments in the field, Your Excellency to select the reduced regiments to which the assignments are to be made. Colonel Oakes has been instructed.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PHILADELPHIA, February 19, 1865.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL:

Is it expedient to begin the draft in Philadelphia on Washington's birthday, as now ordered? Recruiting is now daily increasing in activity, and its results will be larger and more speedy than from draft. The public interests will assuredly be promoted by postponement.

ALEX. HENRY,

Mayor of Philadelphia.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 20, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have been appointed by the Union League of Louisville, Ky., to ask of you a postponement of the draft in that place, and assign the reasons why such postponement is deemed advisable. I am satisfied that it is the wish of the people generally in that city that it should be put off, say, twenty or thirty days.

The quota fixed for Jefferson County (embracing Louisville) is 1,835. If that number of men were drafted now there are god grounds to fear that near half that number would make their escape to Canada or through our lines to the South.

It is notorious that we have a considerable proportion of rebel sympathizers in the population of our city. The most of such will not be forced into our Army, but will rather flee to the rebel army and take with them, to some extent, the sympathies of their friends, and will thus add strength to our enemies. Such a result is, of course, to be deprecated and avoided, and I am advised that the Government would be disposed to delay enforcing the draft if it shall appear that by granting time the quota can be filled without a draft.

The following statement of reasons for believing that the quota of Louisville can be mainly if not entirely filled by volunteers within thirty days is respectfully submitted:

The Legislature of Kentucky has just passed an act authorizing the general council of Louisville to issue and sell its bonds to the amount

