
of $200,000. The general council has taken prompt action under that authority, and the mayor of the city, by advertisement of the 16th instant, offers a bounty of $300 over and above the Government bounty for each recruit. Such inducements were never offered before in Louisville, and the is confidently believed that they will reach and command a new source of supply. I refer to the men who have served one term of enlistment and have been discharged. There are an abundance of these men in and around Louisville who of course are not liable to the uld not volunteer for ordinary pecuniary inducements, because labor at home is high (as well as provisions,), and their families at home could not be supported upon a soldiers" monthly pay alone; but give them a bounty of $500 or $600 and many will go at once into the Army.

There have been from twelve to fifteen Kentucky regiments discharged at and near Louisville in the last three months. Many of these men have lingered there fearing to go their homes on account of guerrillas. They have been slow to re-enter the service because money inducements such as were offered and given in other States were not offered to them. They will now much prefer going into the service as volunteers to hiring themselves as substitutes, the idea of which is more or less odious to every man, since they can obtain a liberal bounty and leave money at home for their families.

Furthermore, not only the Union League, the council and mayor of the city, but the whole population of the city are active and zealous to fill the quota without a draft. The city authorities have acted with great promptness since obtaining the needed power from the Legislature.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. STOUT.

I join in this application as representative in Congress.

R. MALLORY.

GRAND STATE COUNCIL CHAMBER,

Union LEAGUE OF AMERICA FOR KENTUCKY,

Louisville, February 9, 1865.

Colonel A. M. STOUT:

DEAR SIR AND BROTHER: I have just received your letter of the 4th instant. In the absence of the secretary of Council Numbers 2, it will be sufficient for me to state that I was present at the meeting of the council and know that you were appointed a committee to represent the views of the League to the War Department. Although I do not think it possible to do anything toward making the subdivision desired before the present draft, I wish you would cal the attention of the Department to the matter and have it made at the earliest moment. There is another view of the case which engages our attention at the present time. The quota which has been assigned to this county is 1,835. To obtain this number by drafting, taking past drafts as precedents, will take every able-bodied man in the city. In fact, it is the opinion of the Board of Enrollment that the quota cannot be filled by drafting. I am taking into account the large number that escape from the drafts entirely either on the ground of disability or running away both to Canada and the Southern Army to evade the draft. The city government has done the best that could be done under the circumstances to comply with the demands of the Government. The Legislature only passed the bill authorizing them to appropriate money for the purpose last Monday, the 6th instant. They meet to-night.

