
and will doubtless make a large appropriation for the purpose. We can raise the men if the Department will give us a little more time.

Let them postpone the draft in this State for but one month and I am fully satisfied that the men will be raised without a draft.

I think in view of the fact, which no one at all familiar with be subject will deny, that every draft in Kentucky puts more men into the rebel than into the Union Army, I believe it would be wise policy on the part of the Government to give us some little respite. I wish, if possible, you would visit the Provost- Marshal-General or Secretary of War and present these views and endeavor to get the draft postponed for a least one month.

Yours, fraternally,

O. F. MINER,

Grand Secretary State Council.

I fully concur in the above views, and think it would be to the advantage of the Government to allow the postponement asked.

H. T. MARTIN,

President of the Union League.

CONCORD, N. H., February 20, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The war news is glorious.* Let us have $200,000 and I will see that our whole quota of 2,072 men is filled by the 10th of March. We want the money to pay bounties with for men to fill our quota. I will do all in my power to prevent New Hampshire from being behind any New England State.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

Confidential.] WAR DEPT., PROV. March General 'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 20, 1865.

Major J. HAYDEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Philadelphia, Pa.:

If you deem it best let the drawing in Philadelphia take place on the 23rd instead of the 22nd, but do not announce any postponement or change in the arrangements.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT ALBANY, VT., February 20, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The news from Sherman is glorious.* The quota from this State is nearly full and recruiting progressing vigorously. Shall probably more than fill our quota with good reliable men. If you want anything more of Vermont you have only to call. She is always ready to respond.

J. G. SMITH.

---------------

*See Stanton to Governors of States, Series I, Vol. XlVII, Part II, p. 499.

---------------

