
[FEBRUARY 21, 1865.- For Bramlette to Stanton in relation to raising five regiments to serve in Kentucky, see Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part I, p. 753.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 21, 1865.

Governor FLETCHER,

Saint Louis:

The morning papers of this city contain a telegram from Saint Louis stating that General Ewing h ad made arrangements for raising thirteen regiments of cavalry in Missouri, and that it would dispense with a draft. This is a mistake. No such arrangement, nor any arrangement of any kind in respect to raising troops, has been made with General Ewing. The subject is under consideration, and it is believed the existing law will not permit the arrangement you desire. You will be notified by this Department what arrangement, if any, can be made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 21, 1865.

Honorable BENJAMIN F. LOAN,

House of Representatives:

GENTLEMEN: In reply to your note of the 15th instant I am directed to say:

First. That this Department is not advised of any authority for continuing in service, beyond its present term, the special organization known as the Missouri State Military.

Second. The third section of the act passed February 13, 1862, prohibits in express terms the raising of troops for service exclusively within a particular State, or upon any terms or conditions confining their service to the limits of a State, except certain specified troops therein mentioned, in the States of Missouri and Maryland.

Third. It has been the practice of the Provost-Marshal-General's Office to allow credits on quotas of States for periods of time not less than six months. But as there is no authority now to receive troops for less than a years, no credit for less service than that period can now be being.

Fourth. This Department has not been offered the service of any military force, in lieu of the soldiers to be raised by draft, other than U. S. volunteers who enlist prior to the draft, and n the absence of any offer the authority to accept it is merely an abstract question not requiring decision.

Fifth. It is not designed to suspend the draft in Missouri, and the authority to suspend or modify in any case will be determined when the practical occasion is presented.

Sixth. The Department is restrained by act of Congress from giving any assurance that the soldiers raised in Missouri by the draft will be permitted to serve within the State so long as any U. S. troops are required there. It cannot give assurance but that Missouri troops will serve in any particular place. They will be employed at such points as the good of the service may most urgently require.

