
Seventh. It is impossible for the Department to decide beforehand under what circumstances, if any, troops raised in Missouri would be mounted while serving within the State. If any exigency should arise requiring them to be mounted or dismounted, it will be acted upon in accordance with the facts existing at the time by the proper military authority in the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

(Copy for Hons. Samuel Knox and William A. Hall, House of Representatives.)

SAINT LOUIS, February 22, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The morning papers here had the same dispatch you refer to as being in the Washington papers. The joy among our people knew no bounds. The papers were profuse in expressions of gratitude to yourself. i yet hope we may be saved by the means I have suggested. I can, raise the men as I proposed and for service any where in General Pope's military division, as at present organized.

THOS. C. FLETCHER,

Governor.

WILLARD'S HOTEL,

Washington City, February 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States:

SIR: I desire to have furnished from your office for the use of the State of Illinois the following information:

First. The quota assigned to each State under the late call for 300,000 men.

Second. The enrollment of each State upon which said quota has been assigned.

Third. The excess of each State allowed under the rule of distribution adopted by your office.

Fourth. An explanation of the method adopted to arrive at the excess allowed Illinois; in other words, what was the excess allowed to Illinois, and how was that excess made up?

Fifth. What is the total number of men furnished by each State and the period they have served up to December 31, 1864?

Sixth. What is the total number of men furnished by each State and the period for which they enlisted?

It is desirable to have this information at the earliest convenient moment, since it will be impossible for me to submit in writing, as required by your at our interview this morning, the views entertained and the objects sought by the State authorities until this information is furnished.

Very respectfully,

I. N. HAYNIE,

Adjutant-General of Illinois.

