
[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 23, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for his orders.

This whole subject has been laid before and adjusted by the Board appointed by the President, and the report of the Board adopted by the President. Shall the information herein called for be given?

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

The Provost-Marshal-General is instructed that the writers of the within letter have no right to the information asked for, and to give it to them would be highly prejudicial to the public service.

Second. That the quotas and credits of the pending draft have been adjudicated by a board specially appointed by the President for that purpose and their adjudication approved by the President, and the subject cannot again be opened for re- examination.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., February 23, 1865.

General I. N. HAYNIE,

Adjutant-General State of Illinois,

Willard's Hotel, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date asking [repeats questions one to six propounded in next, ante], and in reply would state that your communication was submitted to the Honorable Secretary of War, who replies as follows.*

I inclose report of the Board appointed by the President of the United States to examine and correct the quotas of the several States and districts under the call for volunteers of December 19, 1864.+

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant in reply to my note of the same date asking for certain information. In your reply you state that my communication had been submitted to the Secretary of War, who replied as follows:

The Provost-Marshal-General is instructed that writers of the within letter have no right to the information asked for, and to give it to them would be highly prejudicial to the public service.

A strange and most surprising misapprehension most certainly existed in the mind of the Honorable Secretary of War when this was written, otherwise he never could have penned such a reply to a communication respectfully addressed to you officially by myself as adju-

---------------

*See second indorsement next, ante.

+See General Orders, Numbers 22, p. 1177.

---------------

