
charge the duties thereof, and who will some regard for equality and right.

WM. W. FIELD,

Speaker of the Assembly.

WYMAN SPOONER,

President of the Senate.

Approved February 24, 1865

JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 25, 1865.

The PRESIDENT OF THE SENATE:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the resolution of the Senate of the 28th ultimo, calling for a statement of the "number of soldiers and sailors, stating each separately, the several States, Territories, and the District of Columbia have furnished the Army and Navy under all the calls heretofore made, setting forth the number demanded, and the number furnished under each call, and the time for which the same were enlisted."

Having submitted the subject to the consideration of the President, I am directed by him not to communicate the information of the President, I am directed by him not ot communicate the information called for, on the ground that its publication at the present time would be detrimental to the public interests.

So much of this information as relates to each particular State is to be found on the records of that State, and is subject to its used and reference, settlements having been made from time to time which the authorities of the States and satisfactory adjustments arrived at.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., February 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: Since the application I had the honor of submitting to you the other day asking for certain information was denied, and since the subject-matter is regard by me as of the most grave and important character, and as stated by you at our personal interview will only be passed [upon] when submitted in writing, I herewith have the honor most respectfully to lay before you for early consideration and decision the following calculations, statements, and proposition. In doing so allow me to assure you that I have no other desire in this matter than to arrive at equal and exact justice with reference to the interests of State whose people and authorities I have the honor to act for, and who since the beginning of the present war have manifested no other disposition than to do their whole duty toward the Federal Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, and truly.

I. N. HAYNIE,

Adjutant-General of Illinois.

