
The Provost-Marshal-General at the interview with him on the 23rd of February, informed me, however, that in getting at the excess of Illinois he did not go behind the settlement of July 1, 1864, made

with the State authorities of Illinois; in which settlement as I understand it, the period of service was not estimated, but men furnished for three years were simply offset against so many other men required from the State, leaving out of this calculation (and not making it one of the elements thereof) the period of service. What we want, therefore, is the means of testing the correctness of the elements used in making up the excesses of the several States and of Illinois, and which, under the rule referred to swell the aggregate quota of the Union in proportion as the excess of a State increased or diminished. When we can see that this is correct, or point out any error, the State can have no just cause of complaint if her citizens do not then correct the enrollment of their own districts, and thus have complete justice.

It is therefore respectfully submitted and proposed that as the aggregate excesses of the different counties in Illinois from which no quotas are required amounts to 6,742, and as errors are believed to exist improperly increasing the net quota of Illinois more than a like number above what is deemed just under the President's late call:

First. That the State will as rapidly as possible, put into the field by volunteering under this call, 20,000 men. In case volunteers are not furnished in a reasonably short period, then that remainder to be drafted for.

Second. That in the meantime the enrollment of the enrollment of the districts be made correct, either by an enrollment de novo, or by such corrections as justice requires, over the State.

Third. That the information asked by the State authorities in my note of February 23, 1865, be given, the same not to be made public by them without permission of the Secretary of War.

Fourth. As soon as the correct enrollment and quota of the State latter amounts to more than 20,000 men let it be furnished, or drafted for, but if it amounts to less the overplus to be carried to the credit of the State on any future calls.

This, it is believed will secure justice and cordial co- operation from all parties.

Very respectfully,

I. N. HAYNIE,

Adjutant-General of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 26, 1865.

Governor FENTON,

Albany:

Your inquiry* in respect to the National Guard of New York has been submitted to General Grant, and his answer will be communicated to you when received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 705.

---------------

