
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 25, 1865.

Major-General PALMER,

Louisville, Ky.:

The telegram of Governor Bramlette, indorse by you, * in regard too raising more troops for Kentucky has been under consideration. Before this Department can act it should have the approval of the commanding general of the division, and if you will refer to your instructions I think you will find that on that and other question you are directed to consult him and to be governed by his directions upon whatever relates to the proper defense of your department. You will also observe that you are instructed, upon reaching your command to ascertain the number and description of your troops and their location. You will please make out and forward to this Department a detailed report on this subject so that it can be understood what troops are now in Kentucky and how they are employed. To this you will please give your immediate attention. The Department will then have sufficient knowledge to enable it to make the necessary orders.

You will communicate this to Governor Bramlette.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 25, 1865.

Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort:

I have telegraphed General Palmer fully on the subject of your joint dispatch and directed him to show it to you as an answer to both. Your note of the 20th has just been received and I have written you by mail.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[FEBRUARY 25 and MARCH 2, 1865.-For correspondence between Stanton and Curtin in ration to the organization of Pennsylvania troops for border defense, see Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part II, pp. 712, 795.]

STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Wheeling, February 25, 1865.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: As requested on the face thereof, I transmit herewith a copy of resolutions adopted by the Legislature of West Virginia on the 8th day of the present month, requesting the "President of the United States to exempt from draft such of the State troops as may actually be employed by the Governor in the defense of the border counties while in actual service, and to cause a credit to be

given to this State upon her quota under the late call for 300,000 men for the full number of troops so employed."

I inclose also a statement made by the adjutant-general of the State, showing the number of troops so employed by the State and

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XLIX, Part I, p. 753.

---------------

