
their terms of service. If the request is granted, rolls of the companies will be furnished.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

A. I. BOREMAN.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred by the President to the Honorable the Secretary of War.

JNO. G. NICOLAY,

Private Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] JOINT RESOLUTION requesting the exemption of certain State troops from draft.

Whereas, the people of West Virginia have at all times responded with alacrity to the calls of the President of the United States for troops to ad in the suppression of the rebellion; and

Whereas, it has been necessary to a great extent that such troops should be employed elsewhere than in this State, in consequence of which our border counties have been in many cases left entirely unprotected; and

Whereas, in order to protect such counties as much as possible, the Governor of this State has been compelled at great expense to employ. State troops for that purpose; and

Whereas, the late call of the President of the United States for three hundred thousand additional volunteers will require nearly or quite all able-bodied men in the counties on or near the border, and thereby deprive such counties of all protection whatever: Therefore,

Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia, That His Excellency the President of the United States is hereby requested to exempt from draft such of the State troops as may actually be employed by the Governor in the defense of the border counties while in actual service, and to cause a credit to be given to this State upon her quota under the late call for three hundred thousand men for the full number of troops so employed.

Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolution to the President of the United States and request his compliance therewith.

Adopted February 8, 1865.

CLERK'S OFFICE, HOUSE OF DELEGATES,

Wheeling, February 13, 1865.

I hereby certify that the foregoing is a faithful transcript from the records in this office.

GRANVILLE D. HALL,

Clerk House of Delegates and Keeper of the Rolls.

OFFICE SECRETARY OF STATE, Wheeling, W. Va.

I hereby certify that under the lows of this State the clerk of the House of Delegates is custodian of the records of the Legislature and authorized to attest copies thereof, and that the signature to the certificate foregoing is genuine.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State at Wheeling this the 25th day of February, 1865.

J. EDGAR BOYERS,

Secretary of the State.

