
of Representatives of the 20th instant, inquiring "the number of troops furnished by the State of California to the General Government under the various calls, and whether the draft has been enforced in that State as in other States; and if not, the reason for its non-enforcement."

By direction of the President the draft has not been enforced in the Pacific States because, for military reasons, it was not deemed expedient to withdraw persons capable of military service from the States on the Pacific Coat beyond the number specified in the report of the Provost-Marshal- General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU, Washington, D. C., February 26, 1865.

Hon . E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a resolution of the House of Representatives, dated February 20, 1865, wherein the Secretary of War is directed, "if not incompatible with the public service, to communicate to this House what is the number of troops furnished by the State of California to the General Government under the various calls, and whether the draft has been enforced in that State as in other States; and if not, the reason for its non-enforcement."

In reply to the two branches of this inquiry I have the honor to report as follows:

First. The number of troops furnished to the General Government by the State of California from the beginning of the present war to date is 7,451.

Second. The draft has not been enforced in California. My instructions have not required me to draft as yet in that State. The enrollment commenced in California in September, 1863, is not proper condition for drafting at this time.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 9. Washington, February 27, 1865.

Commanding officers of draft rendezvous are not authorized to grant leaves of absence to officers or furloughs to enlistment men. This practice, which has heretofore prevailed at some rendezvous, in irregular, and will be discontinued.

No leaves of furloughs will be given except by authority from this office.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

76 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

