
No other rebel prisoners than those herein stated are known to have been enlisted into the service.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General's OFFICE, Numbers 229. Washington, February 28, 1865.

The following acts and joint resolution of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

I. PUBLIC--Numbers 37.

AN ACT to increase the efficiency of the Medical Corps of the Army.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. That the medical director of an army in the field consisting of two or more army corps, and the medical director of a military department in which there are United States general hospitals containing four thousand beds or upward, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry; and the medical director of an army corps in the field, or of a department in which there are United States general hospitals containing less than four thousand beds, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry. But this increased rank and pay shall only continue to medical officers while discharging such special duties; and the assignments from time to time to such duty shall be at least two-thirds of them made from among the surgeons and assistant surgeons of volunteers.

Approved February 25, 1865.

II. PUBLIC--Numbers 36.

AN ACT to prevent officers of the Army and Navy, and other persons engaged in the military and naval service of the United States, from interfering in elections in the States.

Be it enacted by the State and House of Representatives of the Untied States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall not be lawful for any military or naval officer of the United States, or other person engaged in the civil, military, or naval or control any troops or armed men at the place where any general or special election is held in any State of the United States of America, unless it shall be necessary to repel the armed enemies of the Untied States, or to keep the peace at the polls. And that it shall not be lawful for any officer of the Army or Navy of the United States to prescribe or fix, or attempt to prescribe or fix, by proclamation, order, or otherwise, the qualifications of voters in any State of the United States of America, or in any manner to interfere with the freedom of any election in any State, or with the exercise of the free right of suffrage in any State of the Untied States. Any officer of the Army or Navy of the United States, who violates this section of this act, shall, for every such offense, be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor,in any court of the United States having jurisdiction, to hear, try, and determine cases of misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall pay a fine not exceeding five thousand dollars, and suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary not less than three months, nor more than five years, at the discretion of the court trying the same; and any person convicted as aforesaid shall, moreover, be disqualified from holding any office of honor, profit, or trust under the Government of the United States: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent any officers, soldiers, sailors, or marines form exercising the right of suffrage in any election district to which he may belocording to the laws of the State in which he shall offer to vote.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That any officer or person in the military or naval service of the United States who shall order or advise, or who shall directly or indirectly, by force, threat, menace, intimidation, or otherwise, prevent, or attempt to prevent, any qualified voter of any State of the United States of America from freely exercising the right of suffrage at any general or special election in any State of the Untied States, or who shall in like manner compel, or attempt to compel, any officer of an election in any such State to receive a vote

