
domestic manufactories have not yet been able to supply all that were needed. Some frauds have been committed, the authors of which it is believed will be brought to justice by measures now in progress. Some have already been convicted and sentenced to the penitentiary.

The vast supplies of forage needed for our armies have been furnished generally with regularity. The difficulty of transporting so bulky an article as hay has caused some irregularity in its supply to armies in hostile districts, and it is remarked, in this connection, that the armies in actual movement draw less heavily upon the means of the department than those which rest long inactive in district exhausted of supplies, and therefore drawing every necessary from the distant loyal territory.

The trains of the Army are reported to be in good condition, thoroughly organized, movable, perfect in material and equipment, and well supplied with animals and the means of repair.

The purchase of horses for the cavalry was, during the fiscal year, under the direction of a branch of the Quartermaster- General's Office organized especially for that purpose, in connection with the Cavalry Bureau. Since the reorganization of this office under the law of July 4, 1864, the purchase of all horses and mules for cavalry, artillery, and the trains has been placed under the charge of a single division of the Quartermaster-General's Office. It is believed that this has resulted in advantage to the service by securing more direct and speedy responsibility, and a better and more uniform inspection.

The supply of animals has been at the rate of about 500 per day, which is also about the average create of their destruction. The cavalry of the Army of the Potomac was twice remounted during the first eighth months of the present year.

The production of the county seems to be able to hear the immense drain upon its horses and mules, and the stock, judging from the current prices, gives no signs of exhaustion or diminution.

The quartermasters" trains of our armies average one wagon to ever twenty-four men in the field; and an army in the field, well equipped with artillery, cavalry, and trains, requires one horse or mule, on the average, to every two men. The number of horses and mules is nearly equal.

The ground appropriated for a cemetery near the Soldiers" Home, in the District, having been filled, a national military cemetery has been established at Arlington, on the south bank of the Potomac, in which several thousand interments have already been made. The names of the soldiers here buried are registered. Those who fell repelling the rebel attack on the capital last July have been buried on the battle-field north of Fort Stevens. It is recommended that Congress provide for the erection of a monument to them.

For the better protection of the depots of the Quartermaster's Bureau from rebel raids, the Quartermaster-General was directed to cause the persons employed in this department, at the principal and exposed depots, to be organized into military companies and regiments for internal guard duty and for local defense.

This organization at Washington, Nashville, and Louisville has brought into service, as an aid to the regular troops, a force of several thousand men. They have, both in this District and in Tennessee, been called upon several times during the past year to take the place of regular troops on guard and in the trenches, and have done

