
WAR DEPARTMENT, BURAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE, Washington, D. C., March 2, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your directions the following report of the transactions of this Bureau is respectfully presented:

On the 2nd of November, 1863, in a report then called for, a general summary of the business dispatched by this office during the preceding fourteen months was given in substance as follows:

Number or records of general courts-martial and miliary

commissions reviewed..................................... 17,357

Number of reports made as to the regularity of proceedings

on applications for restoration to the service, the pardon

of offenders, the remission or commutation of sentences, and

upon miscellaneous questions referred to this office..... 2,490

The following tabular statement shows the operations of the office since the date of that report, a period of sixteen months:

Number or records of general courts-martial and military

commissions reviewed..................................... 33,896

Number of reports made as to the regularity of

proceedings on applications for restoration to the

service, the pardon of offenders, the remission or

commutation of sentences, and upon miscellaneous

questions referred to this............................... 9,340

As will appear from the foregoing statistics, the business of this Bureau has rapidly increased during the past year. The various officers on duty here have performed their labors with faithfulness and ability, while the new organization given to the office under the act of last session has, as was anticipated, added much to the efficiency of its operations. A digest of the opinions of the Judge-Advocate-General upon current questions of military law, which has been published and distributed throughout the Army, will, while has been published and distributed throughout the Army, will, while affording valuable instruction to inexperienced officers, contribute to produce that uniformity of decision and action so much to be desired in the administration of military justice.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

HDQRS. COUNTY COMMITTEE ON VOLUNTEERING, City Hall Park, Broadway, Corner Chambers Street, New York, March 2, 1865.

H. F. BROWNSON,

Asst. Adjt. General and Asst. to Actg. Asst. Prov. March General:

SIR: Your note of yesterday's date in relation to the progress of recruiting in this county was received last evening. In reply I have the honor to state I very much regret that, in your judgement, "the present create of enlistment will not fill the quotas of the city districts within the time required, and unless recruiting incases and men are put in the service more rapidly the draft will be commenced." We commenced paying the increased bounty of $600 for three-years" men, $400 for two- years" men, and $300 for one-year's men on the 13th day of February, immediately upon being authorized by the Legislature to raise the means necessary to pay large numbers of men. From that date up to and including the 28th, being fourteen days

