
1,459 enlisted form the 13th to the 28th of February represents about 3,647 years of service. The increase in the number of men raised during the last seven of the fourteen days preceding the 28th of February, as compared with the seven days preceding them, leads us to believe that there will be corresponding increase in the future, more especially as we understood yesterday that the U. S. authorities have directed that all the recruits for the Regular Army enlisted here should be credited to this county. In conclusion permit me to suggest that if there is any means not adopted by us by which, in your judgment, the number of men raised can be increased, we will gladly accept it upon its being made known to us.

Respectfully asking your consideration of these facts, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. BLUNT,

Chairman New York County Committee on Volunteering.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, March 2, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you a certified copy of a joint resolution of the General Assembly of this State, requesting information in regard to the quotas in the State under the pending call for troops, and also the suspension of the draft. I will thank you to furnish me at as early a day as practicable with such reply as you may consider proper and pertinent to the inquiries to the transmitted to the General Assembly.

Very respectfully,

JNO. BROUGH.

[Inclosure.]

Whereas, the last assignment of quotas for the draft now pending has provoked among the people of some districts in this State a feeling and belief that the same is erroneous and unjust, for the reason that although the general quota of the State last assigned differ only about one hundred form the State quota assigned in last December, yet in some districts in the State the quotas thereof have been more than doubled by the new assignment, while in a few districts large deductions have been made; as, for instance, the quota of the First District has been reduced more than one thousand four hundred from the first assignment, the said district at the time of her first assignment having, as stated in a published order of the Provost-Marshal-General, an excess for but a little over one thousand two hundred years of service, while the quota of the Fifteenth District has been increased nine hundred and forty- nine, with an excess of credits of three thousand there hundred and forty-nine years of service, and similar changes have been made in other districts; and.

Whyeteas, it is represented that all efforts on the part of the people of those districts in which the quotas have been increased to obtain a satisfactory expenation of this great change from the authorities have proved fruitless: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, That the Governor by requested to procure at once from the Secretary of War, and report to the General Assembly, the reasons for this change,

