
and, if wrong has been done, endeavor to procure a reassignment of quotas, and a suspension of the draft until the same be done.

JOHN JOHNSTON,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

CHARLES ANDERSON,

President of the Senate.

FEBRUARY 24, 1865.

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE, Columbus, Ohio, March 1, 1865.

It is hereby certified that the foregoing incorrectly copied from the original roll on file in this office.

WM. HENRY SMITH,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 3, 1865.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: I have considered the joint resolution entitled "A resolution to encourage enlistments and to promote the efficiency of the miliary service," referred to me for my opinion upon the point whether the proposed measure would materially encourage enlistments and promote the efficiency of the military service.

The resolution proposes to give freedom to the wife and children of persons who have enlisted or may enlist in the military or naval service of the United States.

I have the honor to report:

First. That,in my opinion, giving freedom to the wife and children of persons who have been or may be mustered into the military or naval service of there United States would be a strong inducement to enlist in that service, and would therefore greatly encourage enlistments.

Second. That the liberation of the wife and children from slavery and placing them under the protection of law as free persons would relieve persons enlisting from great anxiety in respect to the condition of those whom they love and desire to protect, and would afford a strong inducement to encounter cheerfully every species of toil and danger to secure them the boon of freedom, and therefore that such measure would promote the efficiency of the service.

Third. For the foregoing reasons the join resolution is, in my opinion, of great value to the military serviegarded as a military measure of the highest importance by adding to the numerical and efficient strength of the Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES,

Superintendent, 7c., Springfield, Ill.:

In a telegram from Governor, to which my telegram of February 19 was a reply, he stated that above the ten regiments authorized

