
STATE OF RHODE ISLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Providence, February 18, 1864.

Major C. W. FOSTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Chief of Colored Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request authority to raise a regiment of infantry, to be composed of colored men.

I would request authority be given to muster in the regiment by companies, and, if possible, by squads, as this method would add much to the convenience of both the men and the State in the payment of bounties, &amp;c.

I most respectfully request, and will consider it a personal favor, that the regiment may be designated as the Fifteenth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers (Colored), in the same manner as our last was-the Fourteenth Rhode Island Heavy Artillery (Colored).

Yet, if you should find it impossible to grant this I would consent to raise the regiment under some other name. The former would be of some advantage in raising the regiment, and I trust it may be so called.

I have the honor to be, major, with much regard, your obedient servant.

JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 18, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

No order can be found here giving authority to the department commanders to appoint officers for new regiments, and General Foster did not know of such an authority. I am glad to have it, and can use it to advantage. I can spare the Sixth New Hampshire until the 10th of March, but it may delay the furloughing of other veterans.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., February 19, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I can put the infantry in the field in ten days if necessary, but would prefer longer time if it can be granted, as the recruiting is going on well. If I put them in the field in that time I must make consolidations, but in cases where if it is delayed a little longer I can have full regiments. Answer me what I shall do, and I will do it.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 19, 1864.

Governor S. MILLER,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Your answer to my dispatch of the 9th instant, quoted by you in a letter to Senator Ramsey, has never been received. The bounties as now authorized by law, to wit, $300 for raw recruits and $400

