
hopes are not well founded, for while yourself and a few persons have labored faithfully and efficiently to produce the desired result, the expectation of a general interest being aroused and an active effort being made on the part of the whole community has not ben realized, and instead of any indication being apparent that the quotas will be speedily filled, there is presented the conclusive evidence of your own figures that at the present rate of recruiting the quota will not be filled until the 1st of August nest. I know of no means by which the numbers of men raised can be increased, except the people who have the greatest interest at issue shall, by their efforts, give recruiting such an impetus as they only can create. Every consideration of patriotism and interest appeals to hem to put heir hands to the work. The beneficent and liberal provisions of the State law by which every person who secures a substitute before the draft will receive $600, $400, or $300 bounty for three, two, or one year's service of such substitute, respectively, while a drafted man can receive but $250 either for himself or his substitute, ought, of itself, to make every able-bodied person who is liable to draft an active recruiting agent, while the large bounty paid by the State, i notational to the Government bounty, ought to induce all those who are not liable to the draft to enter or re-nether the service and assist in the grand concluding campaign of the war. In reply, however, to your concluding remarks, I would suggest that means be adopted to give the greatest possible publicity liberal provisions of the State and Government made for volunteers and substitutes, and that the people of the city be appealed to through the public press and, if practicable, through public meetings to devote one week to their country and their own personal interests in labor to secure the filling of the quotas of their districts, and thereby relieve themselves from the evils of a draft. To this end every facility will be extended from this department. Mustering officers and surgeons shall be provided in abundance; and that a fair test may be made, I think I may promise that no draft shall take place during the next ten days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. HINKS,

Brigadier General A. A. P. M. G., and Supt. Vol. Recruiting Service.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 3, 1865.

His Excellency ANDREW JOHNSON,

Vice-President Elect:

SIR: The Department has accepted your resignation as brigadier- general and Military Governor of Tennessee. Permit me on this occasion to render to you the thanks of this Department for your patriotic and able services during the eventful period through which you have exercised the high trusts committed to your change. In one of the darkest hours of the great straggle for national existence against rebellions foes the Government called you from the State and from the comparatively safe and easy duties of civil life to place you in the front of the enemy and in a position of personal toil and danger, perhaps more hazardous than was encountered by any other citizen or miliary officer of the United States. With patriotic

