
promptness you assumed the post, and maintained it under circumstances of unparalleled trials, until recent events have brough safety and deliverance to your State, and to the integrity of that constitution Union for which you so long and so gallantly periled all that is dear to man on earth. That you may be spared to enjoy the new honors and perform the high duties to which you have been called by the people of the Untied States is the sincere wish of one who in every official and personal relation has found you worthy of the confidence of the Government and the honor and esteem of your fellow-citizens.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STNATNON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF ILLINOIS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Springfield, March 4, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMS B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington City, D. C.:

GENERAL: While in Washington City lately I understood you to say that the enrollment list of the several districts were open at all times for correction; that citizens were invited to examine and point out errors in the same, and that district provost-marshals were authorized to armed and correct said lists whenever errors were pointed out to them, and would be required so to do. I have the honor respectfully to inquire whether I understood and construe your remarks correctly. I am well aware that no charge can be made by correcting enrollment lists in the quotas assigned for the present draft, but I desire that in the event of another call for troops to have said enrollment as near correct as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. HAYNIE,

Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 7, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Eleven regiments authorized are full. Men enough for one or two more regiments are offered. Will you accept them?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 7, 1865.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Your telegram containing the gratifying intelligence of your eleven regiments being raised just received. You are authorized to raise five more regiments, if you can do so.

EDWIN M . STANTON,

Secretary of War.

