
SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That whenever a regiment in the Regular Army is reduced below the minimum number, no officer shall be appointed in such a regiment beyond those necessary for the command of such reduced number.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted. That officers by brevet in the Regular Army shall receive the same pay and allowance as brevet officers of the same grade or rank in the volunteer service, and no more.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted. That the true construction of the sixth section of the "Act respecting the organization of the Army, and for other purposes," approved August twenty-third, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and of all laws relating in any way to the allowance of double rations to officers, authorizes such allowance to the following officers and to no others whatever: To the General-in-Chief commanding in chief a separate army actually in the field; to each general officer

commanding a geographical division embracing one or more miliary departments, and to each officer commanding a military geographical department; and that any general order or regulation or usage allowing double rations to a chief of staff or any other officer than those above mentioned is illegal and void.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That the bounty of one hundred dollars pro voided by present laws to be paid to the heirs of volunteers killed in battle shall be extended to the widow if living, or, if she be dead, to the children, or any volunteer who shall have been or may be killed in the service, whether he shall have enlisted for two years or for a less period of time.

SEC.12. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer of the military or naval service who may be hereafter dismissed by authority of the President shall make an application in writing for a trial, setting fort under oath that he has been wrong- fully and unjustly dismissed,the President shall, as soon as the necessities of the public service may permit, convene a court-marital to try such officer on the charge on which he was dismissed. And if such court-martial shall not award dismissal or death as the punishment of such officer, the order of dismissal shall be void. And if the court-martial aforesaid shall not be convened for the trial of such officer within six months from the presentation of his application for trial, the sentence of dismissal shall be void.

SEC. 13. And be it further enacted, That where any revised enrollment in any Congressional or draft district has been obtained or made prior to any actual drawing of names form the enrollment lists, the quota of such district may be adjusted and apportioned to such revised enrollment, instead of being applied to or based upon the enrollment as it may have stood before the revision.

SEC. 14. And be it further enacted. That hereafter all persons mustered into the miliary or naval service, whether as volunteers, substitutes, representatives, or otherwise, shall be credited to the State, and to the ward, township, precinct, or other enrollment sub-district where such persons belong by actual residence (if such persons have an actual residence within the United States), and where such persons were or shall be enrolled (if liable to enrollment); and it is hereby made the duty of the Provost-Marshal-General to make such rules and give such instructions to the several provost- marshals,boards of enrollment, and mustering officers as shall be necessary for the faithful enforcement of the provisions of this section, to the end that fair and just credit shall be given to every section of the county: Provided. That in any call for troops hereafter no county, town, township, ward, precinct, or election district shall have credit, except foremen actually furnished on said call or the preceding call by said county, town, township, ward, precinct, or election district, and mustered into the miliary or naval service on the quota thereof.

SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That in computing quotas hereafter, credit shall be given to the several States, districts, and sub-districts for all men furnished from them, respectively, and not heretofore credited, during the present rebellion, for any period of service of not less than three months, calculating the number of days for which such service was furnished,and reducing the same to years: Provided, That such credits shall into be applied to the call for additional troop made by the President on the twenty-first day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

SEC. 16. And be it further enacted, That persons who have been, or may hereafter he, drafted, under the provisions of the several acts to which this is an amendment, for the term of ton year, and who have actually furnished, or may actually furnish, acceptable substitutes (no liable to draft) for the term of three years, shall be exempt from miliary duty during the time for which such substitutes shall not be liable to draft, not exceeding the time for which such substitutes shall have been mastered into the service, anything in the act of February twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to the contrary notwithstanding.

