
companies, or to such other organizations as they may be assigned to, until they shall have served for a period of time equal to their original term of enlistment.

SEC. [22.] And be it further enacted, That the third section of the act entitled "An act [further] to regulate and provide forth enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four be, and the same is hereby, repealed.

SEC. [23.] And be it further enacted, That any person or persons enrolled in any sub-district may, after notice of draft, and before the same shall have taken place, cause to be mustered into the service of the United States such number of recruits, not subject to draft, as they may deem expedient which recruits shall stand to the credit of the persons thus causing them to be mastered in, and shall be taken as substitutes for such persons, or so many of them as may be drafted, to the extent of the number of such recruits, and in the order designated by the principals, at the time such recurs are thus as aforesaid mustered in.

SEC. [24.] And be it further enacted, That section fifteen of the act approved February twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," be, and the same is hereby, amended by inserting after the words "any civil magistrate," the words "or any person authorized by law to administer oaths."

SEC. [25.] And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to detail one or more of the employers of the War Department for the purpose of administering the oaths required by law in the settlement of officers" accounts for clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quartermaster's stores, and ordnance; which oaths shall be administered without expense to the parties taking them, and shall be as binding on the persons taking them, and shall be as binding upon the person taking the same, and, if falsely taken, shall subject them to the same penalties, as if the same were administered by a magistrate or justice of the peace.

SEC. [26.] And be it further enacted, That acting assistant surgeons, contract surgeons, and surgeons and commissioners on the enrolling boards, while in the military service of the United States, shall hereafter be exempt from all liability to be drafted under the provisions of any act for enrolling and calling out the national forces.

SEC. [27.] And be it further enacted. That this act shall take effect from and after its passage: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall operate to postpone the pending draft, or interfere with the quotas assigned therefor.

Approved March 3, 1865.

II. PUBLIC--Numbers 61.

AN ACT to prevent the enlistment of persons charged with crime in the District of Columbia, as substitute[s] of as volunteers in the Army or Navy, and to prevent frauds at the District jail, in the city of Washington.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Unites States of America in Congress assembled, That, from and after the passage of this act, if shall be unlawful for any person, with knowledge of the fact, to present or offer to any

recruiting agent or officer, or any muster-in officer in the United States military or naval service, either as a volunteer or as a substitute for any other, any person charged with the commission of any criminal offense, and confined or held on bail for the trial of such offense, within the District of Columbia; and it shall in like manner be unlawful for any person, in any way or manner, to abet, aid, or assist in procuring the offer or acceptance of any person so charge or held for trial, or released on bail and awaiting trail, either as a volunteer or as asbustiture for any person drafted or liable to draft in the military or naval service of the United States, whether the person so drafted or liable to draft shall be a resident of the District of Columbia, or shall reside elsewhere. And any persons who shall knowingly offend against the provisions of this section, or either of such provisions, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon conviction thereof before a court of competent jurisdiction in said District, be punished by a fine a not less than two hundred and fifty dollars and not more than one thousand dollars, and by imprisonment in the District prison for a term not less than six months nor more than one year.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That any officer of the District jail of the District of Columbia, or any grout thereof, or any attache or employe connected with said jail, who shall demand, or directly or indirectly receive, any compensation, fee, reward, or gratuity for any information given in respect to any prisoner confined therein, or awaiting trial upon bail, or for any service, assistance, or influence rendered, given, or exerted, with any view, intent, or purpose of having such persons thus charged or held for trial, or held in [on] bail to await trial, taken, offered, or used either as a volunteer or as a substitute for any other in the military or naval service, or who shall corruptly receive, for any act

