
done by virtue of his office or employment, any fee, compensation, reward, or gratuity, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, [and] shall, on conviction thereof in any district court of competent jurisdiction, be punished by a fine of not less than two hundred and fifty dollars, and not more than one thousand dollars, and by imprisonment in the District prison for a term not less than three months nor more than one year.

Approved March 3, 1865.

III. PUBLIC--Numbers 63.*

* * * *

IV. PUBLIC--No. 71.

AN ACT for the better organization of the Subsistence Department.

Be it enacted by the State and House of Representatives of the Untied States of America in Congress assembled, That, during continuance of the present rebellion, the Secretary of War may, when in his judgment it is necessary, assign to each geographical military division, to each separate army in the field consisting of more than one army corps, to each military department, and to each military department, and to each principal subsistence depot, not exceeding ten in number, an officer of the Subsistence Department to act as chief commissary of such military division, army, miliary department, or depot, and also an officer of the Subsistence Department as assistant in the office of the Commissary-General in Subsistence, each of whom, while so assigned and acting, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of the Subsistence Department; and, in like manner, may assign, for purposes of inspection or other special duty in the Subsistence Department, commissaries of subsistence, not exceeding six in number, each of whom, while so assigned and acting, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant-colonel of the Subsistence Department; and to each army corps an officer of the Subsistence Department to be chief commissary of the corps with the like rank of lieutenant-colonel; and, in like manner, may assign to each division of two or more brigades a commissary, who, while so assigned and acting, shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a major of the Subsistence Department; Provided, That when any one of said officers is relieved from such duty, his increased rank, pay, and emoluments allowed because of such assignment, shall cease, and he shall return to his commissioned rank in the Subsistence Department; And provided further, That the officers authorized to be assigned by this act shall be selected for each grade from the commissaries of subsistence who hold commissioners or rank in the volunteer service and in the regular Subsistence Department in proportion to the number of each of said classes respectively in service at the date of the passage of this act.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That all laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.

Approved March 3, 1865.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 9, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

The Fifty-sixth Regiment National Guard will be accepted for one year's service as a regiment of volunteers under the laws and regulations for organizing and accepting volunteers to serve wherever required. The regiment to be filled up and mustered into service whiting two weeks. Please notify me if you will so present it. The foregoing is in reply to your telegram of yesterday to Colonel Vincent, referred by him to me.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*Provides for a chief of staff to the lieutenant-general commanding the armies of the United States. See Series I, Vol. XLVI, Part Ii, p. 888

---------------

