
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 9, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

In answer to your request by General Cowen's telegram of yesterday, you are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to raise six additional regiments of volunteer infantry under the same regulations as governed the ten just filled.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjtuatn-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 10, 1865.

Honorable E. MM. STANTON:

Have just completed organization of the eleven new regiments; seven gone to field; other are ready. Prospect good for speedily raising other five authorized. Quota of State (22,582) filled to within less than 8,000, and these can be speedily raised by volunteering if draft is not hurried on.

O. P. MORTON,

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 33. Washington, March 11, 1865.

The following resolutions of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

I. PUBLIC RESOLUTION--Numbers 24.*

* * * *

II. PUBLIC RESOLUTION--Numbers 25.

A RESOLUTION to encourage enlistments and to promote the efficiency of the military forces of the United States.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Untied States of America in Congress assembled. That for the purpose of encouraging enlistments and promoting the efficiency of the miliary and naval forces of the Untied States, it is hereby enacted that the wife and children, if any he have, of any person that has been, or may be, mustered into the miliary or naval service of the Untied States, shall, from and after the passage of this act, be however free, any law, usage, or custom whatsoever to the contrary not with standing; and in determining who is or was the wife and who are the children of the enlisted person herein mentioned, evidence that he and the woman claimed to be his wife have cohabited together, or associated as husband and wife, and so continued to cohabit or associate at the time of enlistment, or evidence that a form or ceremony of marriage, whether such marriage was or was not authorized or recognized by law, has been entered into or celebrated by them, and hat the parities thereto thereafter lived together, or associated or cohabited as husband and wife, and so continued to live, cohabit, or associate at the time of the enlistment, shall be deemed sufficient proof of marriage for the purposes of this act; and the children born of any such marriage shall be deemed and taken to be the children embraced within the provisions of this act, whether such marriage shall or shall not have been dissolved at the time of such enlistment.

Approved March 3, 1865.

III. PUBLIC RESOLUTION--Numbers 26.

A RESOLUTION to authorize and direct an inventory of articles in the quartermaster's depots of the United States, and in the possession of the naval store-keepers of the United States.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assemble,d That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby,

---------------

*Tendered thanks to Major General George H. Thomas and the army under his command. See Series I, Vol. XLV, Part I, p. 51.

---------------

