
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 6. Washington, D. C., March 11, 1865.

In conformity with the proclamation of the President herewith published, all officers and employers of this Bareau are instructed to give prompt attention to the receiving and forwarding of such deserters as present themselves in accordance with its provisions.*

The records and returns of these deserters will be made up in the same manner as is provided for in other cases by existing regulations,except that it will be noted on the book of deserters arrested, opposite the name of the deserter, the fact of his having, voluntarily surrendered himself in condirmity with the President's proclamation; and the number thus surrendering themselves to be separately stated on the report to this office.

The Secretary of War directs that no reward be paid for the arrest of deserters who may be arrested subsequent to the receipt of this order by the district provost-marshal.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJTUATN-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 11, 1865.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

You are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to recruit a regiment of volunteer infantry from prisoners of war at prison depots within your department to serve for three years or during the war, in the Northwest or on the plains. The recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to the requirements of the mustering regulations of the Army. The enlistments and musters will me made under the direction of your department commissary of musters, who should have a discreet officer to make the enlistments and musters. The recruits will not be credited to any locality, nor will they receive U. S. or local bounties. Officers will be appointed by the War Department, under regulations hereafter to be communicated. Arms and other supplies will be furnished by the proper supply departments upon your requisition.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjtuatn-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU, Washington, D. C., March 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel F. TOWNSEND,

Ninth U. S. Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General,

Albany, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Application for the postponement of the draft has been made by the State authorities and declined; but, in order to give the districts a fair opportunity to fill their quotas with volunteers, you will in all districts in which the Board of Enrollment is fully employed

---------------

*Proclamation of the President published in General Orders, Numbers 35, next, ante.

---------------

