
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU, Washington, D. C., March 11, 1865.

Colonel L. C. BAKER,

Astor House, New York City:

Do not march the deserters down Broadway, and do not iron them or any other men.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 12, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Referring to your telegram of the 11th, you are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to recruit a regiment of volunteer infantry from the prisoners of war at alton to serve for three years or during the war. The recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to the requirements of the mustering regulations of the Army. The enlistments and musters will be made under the direction of the commissary of musters, Department of the Missouri, who should have a discreet officer to make the enlistments and mustered. The recruits will not be credited to any locality, nor will they receive U. S. or local bounties. Officers will be appointed by the War Department under regulations hereafter to be communication. Arms and other supplies will be furnished by the proper supply departments upon your requisition.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, March 13, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War;

Will you accept the Sixty-eighth Regiment State National Guard for six months? If not for six months, will you for twelve months? In either case to apply on quota Thirty-first District.

R. E. FENTON.

NEW YORK, March 13, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: We address you on a subject alike interesting to the Government and the people of this city. The recruiting under the present organization of the city and State authorities is progressing so favorably as to give strong assurance of the quota being filled sooner by voluntary enlistments than can be done by draft. Some delay had occurred in consequence of the deficiency of means growing out of the recent State appropriation no ground for doubt that the means will be sufficient to provide the requisite bounty.

We sent herewith a statement showing the progress already made in filling the quota, and trust you may be disposed to give the city a further period, not beyond the time which will be indispensable to

