
regulations for organizing and accepting volunteers, to serve wherever required, the regiment to be filled upon and mustered into service within two weeks. Please notify me if you will so present it. The foregoing is in reply to your telegram of yesterday to the Secretary of War.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Washington, March 15, 1865.

MODIFICATION OF PASSPORT ORDER.

The following modification of the President's order concerning passports, published in General Orders, Numbers 308, of 1864, is promulaged for the information and guidance of all concerned:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, March 8, 1865.

Whereas, pursuant to the order of the President of the Untied States, directions were issued from this Department, under date of the 17th of December, 1864, requiring passports from all travelers entering the United States, except immigrant passengers directly entering an American port from a foreign county; but whereas information has recently been received which affords reasonable grounds to expect that Her Dritannic Majesty's Government and the executive and legislative branches of the government of Canada have taken, and will continue to take, such steps as may be locked for from a friendly neighbor, and will be effectual toward preventing hostile incursions from Canadian territory into the United States, the President directed that from and after this date the order above referred to requiring passports shall be modified, and so much thereof as relates to persons entering this county from Canada shall be rescinded,saving and reserving the order in all other respects in full force.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISONBURG, March 15, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Thirty-four companies have been armed and sent to the front to old regiments in the field. Four are ready to be armed to- day, and there will remain in camp about 1,500 men. A doubt has been raised as to this authority, and I telegraphed you after consultation with the officers in charge. As the arms are here, I think it clearly better to arm the companies here, for many reasons, all going to encourage volunteering. Will you please to have the officer in charge telegraphed to-day to continue to arm the companies charge. As the arms are here, I think it clearly better to arm the companies here, for many reasons, all going to encourage to-day to continue to arm the companies as organized. The change made by the recent act of Congress has reduced the numbers recruited daily, but after the people get to understand it, and our general bounty bill becomes a law, we will get on as before.

A. G. CURTIN.

