
in charge, and state the number of men to be transported. Orders for "one man," "ten men," and the like, without designating any name, are improper.

14. The receipts for transportation should be filled up in ink by the officer or person named in the order before signing; and if he cannot write his name there should be a witness to his mark. Names and places should be written distinctly, in full, and not abbreviated.

15. Duplicates of orders for passenger transportation should not be issued.

16. When a requisition calls for transportation to any given point and return the order should be issued to the place of destination, and the return transportation should be obtained at that point, provided it can there be procured.

17. Upon the form of order now issued should be presented all the facts necessary to enable an auditing officer to decide as to the regularity or propriety of the order, so that it may be paid by any authorized disbursing officer.

18. Erasures, interlineation, or alterations, if made against the interest of the Government, should be explained on the order by the issuing or other competent officer; otherwise the transportation should only be settled for in accordance with the order before change or modification.

19. Transportation by water, being generally the cheapest, should be selected when consistent with the interests of the service. All transportation should be furnished by the shortest practicable route, unless a different route is indicated in the order which directs the movement. Where there are two or more competing routes, without material different in distance or time, the business should be divided inhem, the distance for which compensation is made being estimated by the shortest practicable route.

20. In no case is subsistence furnished by the Quartermaster's Department.

21. The good of the service requiring that railroads should obey the requisitions of officers properly authorized to demand transportation, in case compensation is made by the Government for illegal or unauthorized transportation so required, the officer making the requisition or issuing the order will be charged therewith; or, if not paid by the Government, the railroad will be entitled to recourse upon such officer.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 18. Washington, D. C., March 16, 1865.

Accounts for rail, river, and stage transportation will hereafter be paid only at the following-named points, viz: Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, Cincinnati, Louisville, Chicago, Detroit, Saint Louis, Saint Paul, Fort Leavenworth, Davenport, Nashville, and New Orleans.

The proper senior or department quartermaster will immediately assign an officer to this duty at each of the above-named which may be within his jurisdiction, and will at once report the name of

