
such officer to the Quartermaster-General. As a general rule, accounts for railroad transportation should be settled in the State where the service is rendered, or at the point most convenient to the same. All the accounts of any one rail or stage company should be settled by a single officer, unless special reasons exist to the contrary.

A monthly statement will be forwarded to this office by the 5th day of each month of all payments made during the previous month, indorsed on the margin of the envelope "Rail and river transportation."

The statement for rail and stage companies and steam-boats will be made up separately, and will show to what company or steam- boat the accounts were paid. The statement for rail transportation will show the proportionate amount for each company, bases upon the sub vouchers or bill of charges.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

ALBANY, March 16, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I was led to expect the draft would not occur as long as we were doing reasonably well in recruiting. But I especially request that it be suspended to-day for a short period, at least, in New York City, in view of the fact that to-morrow, as suggested to me by prominent citizens of that city, the Irish population celebrate the anniversary of Saint Patrick, and there will be a body of at least 20,000 men in the ranks that might be incited to an outbreak if the draft was progressing.

R. E. FENTON,

Governor of New York.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S

BUREAU, Washington, D. C., March 16, 1865.

Major R. I. DODGE,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, New York City:

As to-morrow, the 17th instant, will be observed as a holiday by a large class of the population of the city of New York, you will not make any drawing on that day, but proceed on the 18th, unless the business of examining recruits should fully occupy the time of the boards of enrollment. Orders heretofore communicated to you are still in force. The time for making the drawing is whenever the Board of Enrollment is not fully occupied in the examination of recruits. No postponement of the draft has been or will be ordered, but when the Board of Enrollment is fully occupied in the examination of recruits, they will not be required to discontinue that duty for the purpose of making the draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNTIED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, reliable information has been received that hostile Indians, within the limits of the United States, have been furnished with arms

