
and munitions of war by persons dwelling in conterminous foreign territory, and are thereby enabled to prosecute their savage warfare upon the exposed and sparse settlements of the frontier:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim and direct that all persons detected in that nefarious traffic shall be arrested and tried by court-martial at the nearest military post, and if convicted, shall receive the punishment due to their deserts.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this seventeenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- five, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty- ninth.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 43. Washington, March 31, 1865.

ORGANIZATION AND ASSIGNMENT OF FIRST AND SECOND BATTALIONS, VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.

I. The Second Battalion companies of the Veteran Reserve Corps will be composed of officers and enlisted men who are not able to perform the duties required of the First Battalion companies, but are suitable for guards, clerks, nurses, attendants, and cooks at hospitals.

II. All Second Battalion companies, with proper officers and non-commissioned officers, are hereby placed under the control of the Surgeon-General, and will be assigned by him to duty at hospitals as they may be required. Returns and rolls will be made to the Adjutant-General through the Surgeon-General.

III. The designation of enlisted men to be transferred to the Veteran Corps from the patients in hospitals will be made by boards of examination, to consist of one or two officers of line and one medical officer, who will in all cases confer with the surgeon in charge, and obtain from him such information relative to the actual condition of the men as he can give. All the men in each general hospital will be inspected once in two months by a board to be appointed in orders from the Adjutant-General's Office. After each inspection the boards will make out and transmit to the Provost-Marshal-General accurate muster-rolls of men recommended for transfer to the First Battalion, and separate rolls of those for the Second Battalion. The Provost-Marshal-General will cause the transfers and assignments to be made in the usual mode after conference with the Surgeon-General.

IV. Commissioned officers will be assigned to the Second Battalion companies by the Provost-Marshal-General on requisition of the Surgeon-General, not to exceed, however, the authorized number and grades to each company.

V. In case any men of the Second Battalion become unfit for hospital duties, they will be discharged on the usual certificate of disability.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

