
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERALS" OFFICE, Numbers 45. Washington, March 21, 1865.

The following acts of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

I. PUBLIC.-Numbers 59.

AN ACT making appropriations for the support of the Army for the year ending thirtieth June,eighteen hundred and sixty-six.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the Army for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six:

For expenses of recruiting, transportation of recruits, and compensation to citizen surgeons for medical attendance, three hundred thousand dollars.

For bounties and previous for the enlistment of recurs for the Regular Army, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of the Army, ten million dollars.

For commutation of officers" subsistence, one militia seven hundred and forty-seven thousand three hundred and twenty-four dollars.

For commutation of forage for officers" horses, one hundred and four thousand six hundred dollars.

For payments in lieu of clothing for officers" servants,eighty-two thousand seven hundred and sixty dollars.

For payments to discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For pay of volunteers, two hundred million dollars.

For subsistence in kind for regulars, volunteers, and drafted men, ninety-two million seven hundred and eighty-two thousand and forty-three dollars and seventy cents.

For the regular supplies of the Quartermaster's Department, consisting of fuel for the officers, enlisted men, hospitals, store-houses, and offices; of forage in kind for the horses, mules, and oxen, for the Quartermaster's Department, at the several posts and stations, and with the armies in the field; for the horses of the several regiments of cavalry, the batteries of artillery, and such companies of infantry as may be mounted, and for the authorized number for the animals; when serving in the field and at the outposts, including bedding for the animals; of straw for soldiers's bedding, and of stationery, including blank books for the Quartermaster's Department, certificates for discharged soldier, blank forms for the Pay and Quartermaster's Departments, and for the printing of division and department orders and reports, fifty million dollars.

For the incidental expenses of the Quartermaster's Department, consisting of postage on letters and packages received and sent by officers of the Army on public service; expenses of courts-martial, military commissions, and courts of inquiry, including the additional compensation of judge-advocates, recorders, members, and witnesses, while on that service; under the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and two, extra pay to soldier employed, under the direction of the Quartermaster's Department, in the erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals; in the construction of roads, and on other constant labor, for periods of not less than ten days, under acts of March second, eighteen hundred and nineteen, and August fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including those employed as clerks at division and department headquarters; expenses of expresses to and form the frontier posts and armies in the field; of escorts to paymasters and other disbursing officers, and to trains where miliary escort cannot be furnished; exposes of the interment of officers killed in action, or who die when on duty in the field, or at posts on the frontiers, or at other posts and places when ordered by the Secretary of War, and of non-commissioned officers and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire of laborers in the Quartermaster's Department, including the hire of interpreters, spies, and quids for the Army; compensation of clerks to officers of the Quartermaster's Department; compel hundred and thirty-eight; for the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses incident to their pursuit; and for the following expenditures required for the several regiments of cavalry, the batteries of light artillery, and such companies of infantry as may be mounted, viz, the purchase of traveling forges, blacksmith's

