
SEC. 4, And be it further enacted, That all officers of volunteers now in commission below the rank of brigadier- general, who shall continue in the military service to the close of the war, shall e entitled to receive, upon being mustered out of said service, three months" pay proper.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That commissioned officers of the army serving in the field shall hereafter be permitted to purchase rations for their own use, or credit, from any commissary of subsistence, at cost prices, and the amount due for rations so purchased shall be reported monthly to the Paymaster-General, to be deducted from the payment next following such purchase. And the Secretary of War is hereby directed to issue such orders and regulations as he amy deem best calculated to insure the proper observance hereof.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized and directed to cause tobacco to be furnished to the enlisted men of the Army may require, not exceeding sixteen ounces per month, and the amount due therefor shall be deducted from their pay in the same manner as at present provided for the settlement of clothing accounts.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That, in addition to the amount hereinbefore appropriated for the pay of the Army, the sum of thirty-six millions of dollars is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.

Approved March 31, 1865.

II. PUBLIC--Numbers 69.

AN ACT to incorporate a national miliary and naval asylum for the relief of the totally disabled officers and men of the volunteer forces of the United States.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Ulysses S. Grant, David G. Farragut, Hannibal Hamlin, Andrew Johnson, Salmon P. Chase, Edwin M. Stanton, Gideon Welles, John A. Dix, George Bancroft, William T. Sherman, John A. Andrew, Andrew G. Curtin, Oliver P. Morton, Benjamin F. Butler, Goerge G. Meade, John Brough, Nathaniel P. Banks, Joseph Hooker, Samuel R. Curtis, Richard J. Oglesby, David Tod, Henry Ward Beecher, Ambrose E. Burnside, John A. Logan, Daniel S. Dickinson, William A. Buckingham, Carl Schurz, Oliver O. Howard, Hamilton Fish, Franz Sigel, Francis Wayland, Austin Blair, Thomas C. Fletcher, Robert [J.] Breckinridge, Loverll H. Rouseau, Horace Greeley, Goerge H. Stuart, Joseph Henry, John G. Barnard, Henry J. Raymond, William B. Astor, James Gordon Bennett, H. W. Halleck, William E. Dodge, William M. Evarts, James T. Brady, Gerritt Smith, Reuben E. Fenton, Bellamy Storer, Goerge P. McIlvaine, Gulusha A. Grow, Henry W. Bellowes, J. S. C. Abbott, Jay Cooke, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Isreal Washburn, jr., Ichabod Goodwin, Frederick Smyth, John Z. Goodrich, Charles Henry Davis, William Claflin, J. Wiley Edmonds, Amos A. Lawrence, Edward S. Tobey, Thomas Russell, Charles G. Loring, Goeroge B. Upton, Charles G. Greene, J. M. S. Williams, George J. Stannard, Henry M. Rice, Grenville M. Dodge, Morton McMichael, Thomas Webster, James M. Scovel, Nathaniel B. Baker, Richard J. Field, Henry C. Carey, John W. Forney, Bishop M. Simpson, G. S. Griffith, William Henry Channing, James E. Yeatman, Dwight Durkee, A. T. Stewart, Barnabas Hobbs, Montgomery Blair, Joseph K. Barnes, E. B. Ward, Henry [W.] Benham, Frank Moore, Alfred Lee, Edward Salomon, Thomas C. Bryan, B. B. French, Samuel J. Crawford, James T. Pratt, Alfred H. Terry, Edward Tompkinsessors, duly chosen, are hereby constituted and crated a body coporate in the District of Columbia.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said corporation hereby constituted shall consists of one hundred members. They shall have power to fill all vacancies crated by death, resignation, or otherwise, and to make by-laws, rules, and regulations: Provided, That such by-laws, rules, and reuglations are not repugnant to be Constitution or laws of the Untied States.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the business of said corporation shall be managed by a board of twelve directors, who shall elect from their number a president, two vice- presidents, and a secretary; and seven of the directors, of whom the president or one of the vice-presidents shall be one, shall form a quorum for the transaction of business at any special meeting of the Boards of Directors.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Board of Directors shall have authority to procure for early use, at a suitable place, a sight for a military asylum for officers and men of the volunteer forces of the United States who have

