
been or may hereafter be totally disabled by wounds received or sickness contracted while in the line of their duty during the present rebellion; and to have the necessary buildings erected, having due regard to the health of the location, facility of access, and competency to accommodate the persons provided for in this act.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That for the establishment and support of this asylum there shall be appropriated all stoppages or finesse adjudged against volunteer officers, soldiers, or seamen, by sentence of courts-martial or military commission, over and above the amounts necessary for the reimbursement of the Government or of individuals; all forfeitures on account of desertion from the volunteer service; and all moneys due deceased volunteer officers, soldiers, or seamen which now are or may be unclaimed for three years after the death of such officers are hereby authorized to receive all donations of money or property dispose of the same for its sole and exclusive use.

SEC. 6. And the it further enacted, That the selection of the site for the said asylum, and the plan of the buildings, and the rules and regulations for the general and internal direction of the asylum, shall be made by the directors, and they may do all other acts necessary for the government and interests of the same as hereby authorized: Provided, however, That no selection of a site asylum, or adoption of any plan of buildings, shall be agreed upon until after the sum of half a million of dollars shall have been first subscribed or donated and paid into the treasury of said corporation.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the officers of the asylum shall consist of a governor, a deputy governor, a secretary, and a treasurer, and such officers may be appointed and removed from time to time, as the interests of the institution may require, by the Board of Directors.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted. That the following persons only shall be entitled to the benefits of the asylum, and may be admitted thereto on the recommendation of the Board of Directors, namely; all volunteer officers, soldiers, and seamen, who have served during the present war, who have been or who may be totally disabled by wounds received or sickness contracted in the line of their duty; and such persons, on becoming inmates of this asylum, shall assign thereto their pensions, during the time they shall remain therein and receive its benefits.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That the directors shall maktion of the asylum to the War Department, which shall be communicated to Congress on the first Monday of eery January after the passage of this act; and it shall be the duty of the said directors to examine and audit the accounts of the treasurer of this asylum quarterly, and to visit and inspect them at least six times a year.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That all inmates of the asylum shall be, and they are hereby, made subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and will be governed thereby in the same manner as if they were in the Army or Navy of the United States.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That Congress may, at any time hereafter, alter, amend, or repeal this act.

Approved March 3, 1865.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJTUATN-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, March 21, 1865.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War the following instructions in regard to the appointment of officers of U. S. colored troops are respectfully furnished for your information and guidance:

First. All authority heretofore given commanding generals of armies, departments, or to other officers to appoint officers to U. S.

