
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 20, 1864.

Honorable RICHARD WALLACH,

Mayor of Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 15th instant I am directed to state:

First, that the number 5,077 included all reported by the Adjutant-General to be credited up to January 5, 1864, as per accompanying statement. In reply to your second query, that the number 6,777 covers all that is required of the District of Columbia under former calls, to which is to be added the further number of 4,256-the quota assigned under the last call for 500,000 men. To your last and third query I have to reply that 1, 183 men have been furnished by draft, including all who were held to service, paid commutation, or furnished substitutes.

The quota of the District under the calls is therefore 11,033; credits by voluntary enlistment and draft, 6,260; leaving a balance still due the United States of 4,773, which amount is subject to deduction for any number of men which have been furnished subsequent to the 5th of January and not yet reported by the Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. MAYNADIER,

Captain, U. S. Army, in charge of Enrollment Bureau.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 20, 1864.

His Excellency Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

The general-in-chief will move your regiments of infantry on the 1st of March. Please make your arrangements accordingly.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 21, 1864.

Colonel S. M. BOWMAN,

Eighty-fourth Regiment Pa. Vols., Must. and Recruit. Officer for Colored Troops, Camp Stanton, Bryantown, Md.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Chesebrough, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having been authorized to raise a regiment of colored troops in the city of Baltimore, I am directed too say that after mature consideration it is not thought necessary that you should drop Baltimore from your list of recruiting stations. Lieutenant-Colonel Chesebrough will, however, recruit under the direct authority of the War Department, and will be independent of your command.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

