
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 23, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Referring to your telegram of 21st, stating that but five companies of Fifth U. S. Volunteers can be raised at Alton, you are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to complete the regiment by enlistments from prisoners at Chicago and Rock Island.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPT., PROV. MAR. General 'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., March 23, 1865.

Major J. HAYDEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. Mar. General, Philadelphia, Pa.:

MAJOR: Whenever the districts in the city of Philadelphia shall have furnished, under the call of December 19, 1864, the number of men hereinafter stated, respectively, you will make no draft therefrom until further orders: First District, 811; Second District, 1,152; Third District, 1,285; Fourth District, 1,042; Fifth District, 1,135.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 11. Washington, March 25, 1865.

So much of Circular No. 7, current series, from this Department, as forbids recruiting officers of the Regular Army from giving copies of enlistment papers, or certificates of enlistment, showing places of credit to enlisted men or to any person not authorized by this office to receive them, is so modified as to authorize recruiting officers to furnish to supervisors of towns, or local authorites who are charged with the immediate disbursement of local bounties, a certificate in the following form:

Certificate of enlistment.

Names	 Age.	 Heigh	 Date.	 Ward.	 City.	 State	 Co.	 Regt.

.	 	 t.	 	 	 	 .

I certify on honor that the above-named recruits were enlisted by me into the U. S. service, and will be reported by me to the superintendent of --- for credit on the quota of the --- under existing regulations of the War Department.

--- ---,

Recruiting Officer.

NOTE.- This certificate is given for the information of parties entitled to it, and not as a voucher for credit, the credit being allowed only on receipt, by the acting assistant provost-marshal- general, of the report referred to above.

