
Such records will be kept as will enable recruiting officers to report fully what official certificates herein authorized have been given, and of what men in each case, with their places of credit.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 25, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF NEW JERSEY,

Trenton, N. J.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of Adjutant-General Stockton asking permission to raise complete companies of volunteer infantry to be attached to the various New Jersey regiments where the regimental organization is not complete. In reply I have respectfully to inform you that this is authority from the Secretary of War to raise ten new companies, to be assigned by you to old regiments of infantry now reduced in number of companies, recruiting, organization, and musters to conform to existing regulations. This authority does not postpone or interfere with the draft. If you can complete more companies than are herein authorized, and desire to undertake them, please notify the Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. MAR. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 9. Washington, D. C., March 27, 1865.

The twenty-third section of the act approved March 3, 1865, provides as follows:

SEC. 23. And be if further enacted, That any person or persons enrolled in any sub-district may, after notice of a draft, and before the same shall have taken place, cause to be mustered into the service of the United States such number of recruits, not subject to draft, as they may deem expedient, which recruits shall stand to the credit of the persons thus causing them to be mustered in, and shall be taken as substitutes for such persons, or so many of them as may be drafted, to the extent of the number of such recruits, and in the order designated by the principals, at the time such recruits are thus aforesaid mustere in.

I. In order to avail themselves of the provisions of this law, the attention of all persons desiring to form associations for recruiting, with a view to exemption from draft, is invited to the following suggestions, to wit:

1. In order that credit may be given to the sub-district for the recruits furnished at the time they are mustered in, and the draft made only for the deficiency remaining after crediting these and other recruits, it is necessary that all the members of the association shall belong to the same sub-district.

2. Previous to the commencement of the draft the association will furnish the provost-marshal of the district a list of the names of its members, designating their order, and numbering them accordingly, which list will not be altered or increased after the drawing shall have commenced.

II. A list of the recruits furnished by such association shall be kept by the provost-marshal, to be numbered in the order in which they are enlisted.

