
When the draft has been made, the recruit standing at the head of the list will be taken as the substitute of the first man drafted who belongs to the association; the recruit standing second on the list will be taken as the substitute of the second man drafted, and so on until the list of recruits is exhausted by drafted men who belong to the association, or until all the members of the association who have been drafted are exempted, in case a sufficient number of recruits have been furnished by the association to exempt that number.

Where the number of recruits furnished by an association exceeds the number of men drafted from such association, the excess, though credited to the sub-district, will create no claim for the exemption of any person whomsoever.

Members of associations who secure exemption under the twenty- third section aforesaid are exempt from that draft, but are liable to be drafted on future calls.

Recruits furnished by associations and taken as substitutes for drafted men who are members of the association will be credited at the time of muster in to the sub-district to which the association belongs.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 12. Washington, March 29, 1865.

The following is a section of an act, approved March 3, 1865, authorizing the enlistment and organization of regiments of volunteer engineers:

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President is hereby authorized to enlist or organize, out of troops already in the service, six regiments of volunteer engineers, to be organized in accordance with existing laws, to have the same pay and allowances of engineer troops of the Regular Army, and to be subjected to the Rules and Articles of War.

Under the foregoing the Secretary of War hereby authorized you* to organize one regiment of volunteer engineers, by enlistment or transfer, from troops of your command. The organization should be commenced immediately. Should the organization, or any part thereof, be by enlistment, the term thereof will be for one, two, or three years, as the recruits may elect.

The enlistments will be made from men having not more than nine months to serve.

ORGANIZATION.

The organization of the regiment will conform to that prescribed in General Orders, No. 177, series of 1862, from this office, with the addition thereto of one sergeant-major for every four companies, as provided by section 5 of the act approved June 20, 1864.

Until the respective companies hall have reached the maximum infantry standard, the enlistments or transfers will be made from troops of your army already in service. Thereafter, should it prove necessary for the completion of the companies, enlistments will be authorized from civil life, upon your reporting that said enlistments are necessary for the full recruitment of the regiment.

---------------

*Sent to Major-General Sherman and Canby; also to commanding generals departments of Arkansas, Missouri, and Virginia.

---------------

