
any such officer will be brought to trail for neglect of duty and disobedience of orders. No person acting in the capacity of a supernumery will, under any circumstances, be permitted to receive pay and allowances from the Government; and paymasters making payment to such supernumeraries will be held individually accountable for amounts so paid.

II. The attention of commanding generals of armies and departments is invited to the requirements of Circular No. 80, series Of 1864, from this office, requiring inspections and reports.

Hereafter an inspection, as contemplated by that circular, will be made monthly on the last day of each month, and report of the same forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, April 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I hope you will deduct 1,900 from the quotas of the First District. It is a credit I believe them entitled to. They have put in 3,300. If you can do no better, please suspend action until I arrive at Washington next week. Answer.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Governor.

ALBANY, April 6, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY:

It would aid the Governor and he would receive it kindly if you should telegraph at once to this office that, notwithstanding the recent successes of our armies, you trust he will make every possible exertion to keep the provost-marshals fully employed mustering in volunteers, so that a continuance of the draft may be rendered unnecessary. This, of course, on the supposition that the Government requires all the men called for without delay.

J. B. STONEHOUSE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., April 6, 1865.

Governor R. E. FENTON,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

I hope that all the provost-marshals will be kept fully occupied in examining volunteers will until the quotas are filled, and that proceedings under the draft may thereby be rendered unnecessary.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 60. Washington, April 7, 1865.

I. All military records, such as files of public letters, letter books, order books, and other record books, muster-rolls, &amp;c., are the prop-

