
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, for some time past vessels of war of the United States have been refused in certain foreign ports privileges and immunities to which they were entitled by treaty, public law, or the comity of nations, at the same time that vessels of war of the country wherein the said privileges and immunities have been withheld have enjoyed them fully and uninterruptedly in ports of the United States, which condition of things has not always been forcibly resisted by the United States, although on the other hand they have not at any time failed to protest against and declare their dissatisfaction with the same; [and whereas,] in the view of the United States no condition any longer exists which can be claimed to justify the denial to them by any one of such nations of customary naval rights as has theretofore been so unnecessarily persisted in:

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do hereby make known that if, after a reasonable time shall have elapsed for intelligence of this proclamation to have reached any foreign country in whose ports the said privileges and immunities shall have been refused as aforesaid, they shall continue to be so refused, then and thenceforth the same privileges and immunities shall be refused to the vessels of war of that country in the ports of the United States, and this refusal shall continue unit war vessels of the United States shall have been placed upon an entire equality in the foreign ports aforesaid with similar vessels of other countries. The United States, whatever claim or pretense may have existed heretofore, are now at o claim and connd friendly equality of rights and hospitalities with all maritime nations.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this eleventh day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty- ninth.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of War.

WILLARD'S HOTEL,

Washington, D. C., April 12, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The committee of the Common Council of the city of New York, appointed in accordance with the provisions of the attached resolution, beg leave most respectfully to briefly submit the following facts and suggestions for your consideration:

If upon a calm and candid consideration of the subject you should conclude to carry out the main features of the draft already ordered, we would in that case ask you to please allow to drafted men the privilege, on presenting a recruit, to have the name of such drafted man erased from the roll of that particular draft. But the committee

