
would in the most strenuous manner urge upon your careful consideration the propriety (in view of the present military situation) of postponing all further movements in relation to the draft now in progress, relying upon the patriotism of the people to furnish by volunteering the full number of men required, as by such a course the committee believe that the same result could be as speedily arrived at, with much less hardship and distress to families, and without at all disarranging the business interests of the metropolis. In submitting these propositions we do so in no factious or dissatisfied spirit, but honestly and sincerely believing that the requirements of the Government will be more rapidly complied with by their adoption than by the present process of enforcing the draft. We further disclaim all intention of offering anything in reference to any unjust or improper enrollment or furnishing any lengthy or voluminous statistics, as have theretofore been submitted.

On the contrary, we fully recognize the power of the Government to call for the personal services of its citizens in such manner and way as their superior knowledge of its necessities may determine, and feel it our duteasure, to second with all our power and energy whatever may be such final determination.

We further would most respectfully state that this committee, nor the drafted men they represent, ask for a suspension of the draft upon the apparently popular notion that our truly wonderful successes in the field, and the possible contingency of an early peace, have made it unnecessary to furnish any more men to the Government; on the contrary, we fully understand that that question is a matter entirely within the good judgment of the Government, and until an authoritative announcement is made, we as good citizens are bound to consider it a matter of first necessity to aid every way its present demands for men.

With these preliminary statements, we beg leave to state that was ordered (a period of about seventy days) our quota has been reduced to such an extent of the Citizens" District Association, which has been organized in each ward of the city, the balance of our quota at the rate of at least 125 men per day. this is bellow our present average, but by securing such number, you will perceive at once that it would complete our quota in less than ninety days.

This, the committee believe, after calmly weighing all the circumstances in its connection, to be a much better result for the Government than could be any possible (probable) means be secured by the enforcement of the draft.

Again, the committee believe it proper to urge upon your consideration an important fact that has developed itself in the draft in our city. The close observation of this committee of those drafted shows that 75 per cent. of the number are composed of mechanics and middling classes of tradespeople, whose personal and most continuous efforts are required to supply the wants of their large families and to protect and make lucrative their business; that we believe an enforcement of the draft would be not only most injurious to the business interests of our city, but would throw at once upon the charities of our already -payers a very large and formidable expense for providing for such families, that, in our humble judgment, would be entirely unnecessary.

