
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, by my direction the Acting Secretary of State, in a notice to the public of the seventeenth, a requested the various religious denominations to assemble on the nineteenth instant, on the occasion of the obsequies of Abraham Lincoln, late President of the United States, and to observe the same with appropriate ceremonies; but whereas, our country has become one great house of mourning, where the head of the family has been taken away; and believing that a special period should be assigned for again humbling ourselves before Almighty God, in order that the bereavement may be sanctified to the nation:

Now, therefore, in order to mitigate that grief on earth which can only be assuaged by communion with the Father in heaven, and in compliance with the wishes of Senators and Representatives in Congress, communicated to me by resolutions adopted at the National Capitol, I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, do hereby appoint Thursday, the twenty-fifth day of May next, to be observed, wherever in the United States the flag of the country may be respected, as a day of humiliation and mourning, and I recommend my fellow-citizens then to assemble in their respective places of worship, there to unite in solemn service to Amighty God in memory of the good man who has been removed, so that all shall be occupied at the same time in contemplation of his virtues and in sorrow for his sudden and violent end.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington the twenty-fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-ninth.

[L. S.] ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of State.

a DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, April 17, 1865.

TO THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES:

The undersigned is directed to announce that the funeral ceremonies of the late lamented Chief Magistrate will take place at the Executive Mansion, in this city, at 12 o"clock noon on Wednesday, the 19th instant. The respective religious denominations throughout the county are invited to meet in their places of worship at that hour for the purpose of solemnizing the occasion with appropriate ceremonies.

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 76. Washington, April 27, 1865.

The following revised instructions concerning the Veteran Reserve Corps are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

I. Resided list of physical infirmities that incapacitate enlisted men for field service, but do not disqualify them for service in the Vestern Reserve Corps:

1. Epilepsy, if the diease has not impaired the mental faculties.

