
2. Paralysis, if confined to one upper extremity.

3. Hypertrophy of the heart, unaccompanied with valvular lesion; confirmed nervous debility, or excitability of the heart, with palpitation, great frequency of the pulse, and loss of strength.

4. Impeded respiration following injuries of the chest, pneumonia, or pleurisy. Incipient consumption.

5. Chronic dyspepsia or chronic diarrhea which has long resisted treatment. Simple enlargement of the liver, or spleen, with tender or tumid abdomen.

6. Chronic disorders of the kidneys or bladder without manifest organic disease, and which have not yielded to treatment.

7. General physical debility acquired in service, which has long resisted treatment.

8. Chronic rheumatism, if manifested by positive change of structure, wasting or contraction of the muscles of the affected limb, or puffiness or distortion of the joints.

9. Loss of sight of right eye, partial loss of sight of both eyes, or permanent disease of either eye affecting the integrity or use of the other eye, vision being impaired to such a degree as clearly to incapacitate or imperfections of that eye not affecting the use of the right eye, nor requiring medical treatment, do not disqualify for field service.

10. Myopia, if very decided and depending upon structural change of the eye. Hemeralopia, if confirmed.

11. Purulent otorrhoea. Deafness, if in degree sufficient to prevent hearing words of command as usually given.

12. Stammering, unless excessive and confirmed.

13. Chronic aphonia, which has long resisted treatment, the voice remaining too feeble to give an or

14. Incurable deformities of either jaw, sufficient to impede but not prevent mastication or deglutition.

15. Loss of a sufficient number of teeth to prevent proper mastication of food.

16. Torticollis, if of long standing and well marked.

17. Hernia.

18. Internal hemorrhoids; prolapsus ani.

19. Stricture of the urethra.

20. Loss or complete atrophy of both testiclesaction of one or both testicles within the inguinal canal.

21. Varicocele, or circocele, if excessive or painful. Simple sarcocele, if not excessive nor painful.

22. Loss of arm, forearm, or hand.

23. Wounds or injuries of the head, neck, chest, abdomen, or back, that have impaired the health, strength, or efficiency of the soldier.

24. Wounds, fractures, injuries, tumors, atrophy of a limb, or chronic diseases of the joints or bones that would impede marching or prevent continuous muscular exertion.

25. Anchylosis of the shoulder, elbow, wrist, or knee.

26. Irreducible dislocations of the shoulder, elbow, or wrist, in which the bones have accommodated themselves to their new relations.

27. Muscular or cutaneous contractions from wounds or burns, in a degree sufficient to prevent useful motion of a limb.

28. Total loss of a thumb; loss of ungual phalanx of right thumb; permanent contractions or extensions of either thumb.

