
29. Total loss of any two fingers of the same hand. Total loss of index finger or right hand; loss of second and third phalanges of index finger or right hand, if the motion of the first phalanx is impaired. Loss of the third phalanx does not incapacitate for field service. Loss of the third phalanges of all the fingers of either hand.

30. Permanent extension or permanent contraction of any finger, except the little finger.

31. Total loss of a great toe; loss of any two toes on the same foot. Other defects or deformities of the feet sufficient to prevent marching.

32. Varicose veins of inferior extremities, if large and numerous, accompanied with chronic swellings.

33. Extensive, deep, and adherent cicatrices of upper or lower extremities.

II. Soldiers having nervous debility, or excitability of the heart, impeded respiration from curable causes, chronic diarrhea, chronic disorders of the kidneys or bladder, aphonia, hemeralopia, or other diseases or infirmity not incurable, are not to be recommend for the Veteran Reserve Corps until they have been under medical treatment or observation a sufficient length of time to make it extremely probable, if not certain, that they will not be fit for active field servinsiderable portion of their period of enlistment.

III. Soldiers who have lost an arm, forearm, or hand may be discharged from the Army on surgeon's certificate, if they so elect.

IV. The foregoing disabilities, or the loss of an inferior extremity, do not disqualify officers for service in the Veteran Reserve Corps.

V. In all cases where the physical infirmities of enlisted men come within the provisions of the above list they will be recommended for transfer to the Veteran Reserve Corps, or, if out of service, enlisted in the Veteran Reserve Corps; but no one will be admitted into this corps where previous record does not show that he is meritorious and deserving, and that the disease or disability has been contracted in the service.

VI. Revised list of physical infirmities that disqualify enlisted men for service in the Veteran Reserve Corps:

1. Manifest imbecility or insanity.

2. Epilepsy, if the disease has impaired the mental faculties.

3. Paralysis or chorea.

4. Organic decease of the brain or spinal cord; of the heart or lungs; of the stomach or intestines; of the liver or spleen; of kidneys or bladder, so extensive and long continued as to have seriously impaired the general health, or so well marked as to leave no reasonable doubt of the man's incapacity for service in the Veteran Reserve Corps.

5. Confirmed consumption, cancer, aneurism of important arteries.

6. Inveterate and extensive disease of the skin.

7. Scrofula, or constitutional syphilis, which has resisted treatment and seriously impaired the general health.

8. Habitual or confirmed intemperance.

9. Great injuries or diseases of the skull.

10. Partial loss of sight of both eyes, or permanent disease of either eye affecting the integrity or use of the other eye, vision being so greatly impaired as to leave no reasonable doubt of the soldier's incapacity for service in the Veteran Reserve Corps.

11. Loss of nose, or deformity of nose, if sufficient to seriously obstruct respiration; ozeon caries.

