
12. Decided deafness.

13. Dumbness; permanent loss of voice.

14. Partial loss of tongue; ypertrophy, atrophy, mutilation, or chronic ulceration of the tongue, if sufficient in degree to interfere seriously with the use of the organ.

15. Stammering, if excessive and confirmed.

16. Incurable deformities of either jaw, such as necessarily greatly impede mastication of speech.

17. Tumors or wounds of the neck impeding respiration or deglutition; fistula of larynx or trachea.

18. Deformity of the chest, or excessive curvature of the spine, sufficient to prevent the carrying of arms or military equipments; caries of the spine, ribs, or sternum, attend with ulceration; lumbar abscess.

19. Artificial anus; severe stricture of the rectum. Fistula in ano, if extensive or complicated with visceral disease.

20. Total loss, or nearly total loss, of penis; epispadias or hypospadia at middle or near the root of the penis.

21. Incurable, permanent, organic stricture of the urethra, in which the urine is passed drop by drop, or which is complicated by disease of the bladder; urinary fistula.

22. Confirmed or malignant sarcocele; hydrocele, if complicated with organic disease of the testicle.

23. Loss of inferior extremity.

24. Anchylosis of hip or ankle joint.

25. Irreducible dislocation of the hip, knee, or ankle joint.

26. Large chronic ulcers of lower extremities.

VII. In all cases where the physical infirmities of an enlisted man come within the provisions of this list (insanity excepted), or where his prews that he is not meritorious or deserving, or has not contracted the disease or disability in the service, he will, if in service, be discharged.

VIII. The Second Battalion companies of the Veteran Reserve Corps will be composed of officers and enlisted men who are not able to perform the duties of the First Battalion companies, but are suitable for guards, clerks, nurses, attendants, and cooks at hospitals, and of such enlisted men, unfit for field service, as may be specially recommended, on account of their fitness for hospital duty, by the boards, as hereinafter provided.

IX. All Second Battalion companies will proper officers and non- commissioned officers are placed under the control of the Surgeon-General and will be assigned by him to duty at hospitals. The rolls and returns of these companies, heretofore required to be sent to the Provost-Marshal-General, will be sent to the Surgeon-General.

X. All transfers to the Veteran Reserve Corps will hereafter be effected only at U. S. general hospitals, and department and corps commanders will cause all men who are proper subjects for such transfer to be sent to general hospitals, with the necessary muster and descriptive rolls. The invalid rolls heretofore furnished by corps commanders and surgeons in charge of hospitals are no longer required.

XI. The selection of enlisted men to be transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps from patients in U. S. general hospitals will be made by boards of examination, to be appointed by the Adjutant-General, consisting of one or two field officers of the line of the Army and one medical officer.

