
would only be an annoyance and will do not good. Everything is working well. General Steele is doing everything that can be done.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Provisional Governor of Arkansas.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 24, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

It is of the greatest importance to the true Union men of Arkansas that the Administration give its hearty support to Major-General Steele in his efforts to aid the loyal people in organizing the free State of Arkansas. The general commanding here is acting in perfect harmony with the unconditional Union men of Arkansas, and is doing all in his power to aid them in bringing out large vote on the 14th of March, and no private grievances of any officers of the U. S. Army or other persons should be allowed to disturb in this critical moment.

We freely and fully advise Major-General Steele. Let no private difficulties interfere with our movements here.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Provisional Governor of Arkansas.

FREEMAN WARNER,

Chairman Executive Committee of Arkansas.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 75. Washington, February 25, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC-Numbers 11.

I. AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes" approved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the President of the United States shall be authorized, whenever he shall deem it necessary, during the present war, to call for such number of men for the military service of the United States as the public exigencies may require.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the quota of each ward of a city, town, township, precinct, or election district, or of a county, where the county is not divided into wards, towns, townships, precincts, or election districts, shall be as nearly as possible in proportion to the number of men resident therein liable to render military service, taking into account, as far as practicable, the number which has been previously furnished therefrom; and in ascertaining and filling said quota there shall be taken into account the number of men who have heretofore entered the naval service of the United States, and whose names are borne upon the enrollment lists as already returned to the office of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted. That if the quotas shall not be filled within the time designated by the President, the provost-marshal of the district within which any ward of a city, town, township, precinct, or election district, or county, where the same is not divided into wards, towns, townships, precincts, or election district, which is deficient in its quota, is situated, shall, under the direction of the Provost-Marshal- General, make a draft for the number deficient therefrom; but all volunteers who may enlist after the draft shall have been ordered, and before it shall be actually made, shall be deducted from the number ordered to be drafted in such ward, town, township, precinct, or election district, or county.

