
APPENDIX.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 19. New Orleans, January 26, 1864.

The spirit of existing orders on the subject of re-enlisting volunteers as veterans in that men having served nine months in regiments having less one year to serve are entitled to the bounty provided in General Orders, No. 191, War Department, June 25, 1863.

Mustering officers in this department will be guided accordingly, and musters already made in accordance herewith are declared valid. By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 30. Washington, March 28, 1864.

I. All musters into service by virtue of General Orders, No. 19, current series, Department of the Gulf, of men as veterans, who at the date of re-enlistment and remuster had not served two years, as well as all remusters declared valid by the aforesaid order, are hereby revoked and declared void, and the men so re- enlisted and remustered will be restored to their former positions, and will continue to serve under their original enlistment until they arrive within the re-enlistment limits (i. e., have less than one year to serve), when, if they so desire, they may re-enlist as veterans.

II. Commissaries and assistant commissaries of musters are hereby charged with the immediate execution of the foregoing. They will forthwith make and forward to the Adjutant-General of the Army lists arranged by States, regiments, and companies, showing the names of men whose musters are revoked by this order, giving therein the county, town, township, or ward as of which the men were remustered, so that the records may be corrected, and the proper deductions made from the credits which may have been made.

III. All bounties and premiums, if any, paid by the United States to me to whom this order is applicable will be set against the men on their muster and pay rolls, so as to be refunded to the Government.

IV. Nothing herein will be construed as authorizing men who may re-enlist after April 1, 1864, to be paid the extra bounties now authorized by law.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

