
ORDERS No. 19. VICKSBURG, MISS., May 21, 1864.

So much of Orders No. 16, dated New Orleans, La., April 4, 1864, as changes the designation of the regiments of colored artillery in the Department of the Gulf is hereby revoked. Hereafter they will be known as follows:

The First Regiment Heavy Artillery, Corps d"Afrigue, as the Tenth Regiment U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy).

The Fourteenth Regiment Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, Corps d"Afrigue, as the Eleventh Regiment U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy.)

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, August 9, 1864.

ajor General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday has been received.* I consulted with Governor Brough, but he feels a delicacy in giving any opinion in the matter. He, however, says that if such a state of affairs existed in Ohio he would wish the leaders arrested. I have from him and from other sources undoubted information that there will be in some of the counties in this State resistance to the draft. I have also information of combinations, the leaders of which are in this city, with the object of seizing the Government and State arsenals and releasing the rebel prisoners at Camp Chase. The guards at the arsenals have been quietly increased, and the light battery from Sandusky is now at Camp Chase. The commander of the camp is notified of the danger and is on the alert. He reports that for some time past there has been great uneasiness amongst the prisoners. He yesterday showed me a letter to one of the prisoners, a page of which, written in sympathetic ink, mentions efforts being made to release rebel prisoners.

This resistance to the draft will undoubtedly be more extensive in the States of Indiana and Illinois. I greatly fear disturbance before that time. I have no available force in either of those States in case of a disturbance.

The guard of the numerous prisoners both at Rock Island and Camp Morton are scarcely sufficient to secure the safety of the men in their charge, and could make no effectual resistance should the prisoners be aided, as is threatened, from the outside.

The large disloyal element outside would make such an outbreak truly formidable. The prisoners at both these places should at once be moved to some loyal State in the East.

I am decidedly of the opinion that the leaders in this treasonable organization should be arrested, and believe such is the opinion also of Governor Morton. I have not seen Governor Yates and do not know we. Before any action is taken I think it advisable that I should see both the Governors, and also await the arrival of General Paine. it will be exceedingly impolitic and dangerous to

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, P. 232.

---------------

