
in the Army, shall be deducted from the prize money to which he may become entitled during the time required to complete his military service: And provided further, That the whole number of such transfer enlistments shall not exceed ten thousand.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such mariner, or able or ordinary seaman, shall have been exempted from such draft in the military service by such enlistment into the naval service, under such due certificate thereof, then the ward, town, township, precinct, or election district, or county, when the same is not divided into wards, towns, townships, precincts, or election districts, from which such person has been drafted, shall be credited with his services to all intents and purposes as if he had been duly mustered in the military service under such draft.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That all enlistments into the naval service of the United States, or into the Marine Corps of the United States, that may hereafter be made of persons liable to service under the act of Congress entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall be credited to the ward, town, township, precinct, or election district, or county, when the same is not divided into wards, towns, townships, precincts, or election districts, in which such enlisted men were or may be enrolled and liable to duty under the act aforesaid, under such regulations as the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States may prescribe.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the following persons be, and they are hereby, exempted from enrollment and draft under the provisions of this act, and of the act to which this is an amendment, to wit, such as are rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the service, all persons actually in the military or naval service of the United States at the time of the draft, and all persons who have served in the military or naval service two years during the present war and been honorably discharged therefrom; and no persons but such as are herein exempted shall be exempt.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That section third of the "Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and so much of section ten of said act as provides for the separate enrollment of each class, be, and the same are hereby, repealed; and it shall be the duty of the Board of Enrollment of each district to consolidate the two classes mentioned in the third section of said act.

SEC. 12. And be if further enacted, That any person who shall forcibly resist or oppose any enrollment, or who shall incite, counsel, encourage, or who shall conspire or confederate with any other person or persons forcibly to resist or oppose any such enrollment, or who shall aid or assist, or take any part in any forcible resistance or opposition thereto, or who shall assault, obstruct, hinder, impede, or threaten any officer or other person employed in making, or in aiding to make, such enrollment, or employed in the performance, or in aiding in the performance, of any service in any way relating thereto, or in arresting, or aiding to arrest, any spy or deserter from the military service of the United States, shall, upon conviction thereof in any court competent to try offense, be punished by a fine of not exceeding five thousand dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or by both of said punishments, in the discretion of the court. And in cases where such assaulting, obstructing, hindering, or impeding, shall produce the death of such officer or other person, the offender shall be deemed guilty of murder, and, upon conviction thereof upon indictment in the circuit court of the United States for the district within which the offense was committed, shall be punished with death. And nothing in this section contained shall be construed to relieve the party offending from liability, under proper indictment or process, for any crime against the laws of a State committed by him while violating the provisions of this section.

SEC. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War shall be authorized to detail or appoint such number of additional surgeons for temporary duty in the examination of personice, in any district, as may be necessary to secure the prompt examination of all such persons, and to fix the compensation to be paid surgeons so appointed while actually employed. And such surgeons so detailed or appointed shall perform the same duties as the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment, except that they shall not be permitted to vote or sit with the Board of Enrollment.

SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War is authorized, whenever in his judgment the public interest will be subserved thereby, to permit or require boards of examination of enrolled or drafted men to hold their examinations at different points within their respective enrollment districts, to be

