
SEC. 21. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall procure, or attempt to procure, a false report from the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment concerning the physical condition of any drafted person, or a decision in favor of such person by the Board of Enrollment upon a claim to exemption, knowing the same to be false, shall, upon conviction in any district or circuit court of the United States, be punished by imprisonment for the period for which the party was drafted.

SEC. 22. And be it further enacted, That the fees of agents and attorneys for making out and causing to be executed any papers in support of a claim for exemption from draft, or for any services that may be rendered to the claimant, shall not, in any case, exceed five dollars; and physicians or surgeons furnishing certificates of disability to any claimant for exemption from draft shall not be entitled to any fees or compensation therefor. And any agent or attorney who shall, directly or indirectly, demand or receive any greater compensation for his services under this act, and any physician or surgeon who shall, directly or indirectly, demand or receive any compensation for furnishing said certificates of dk, or deputy connected with the board of Enrollment, who shall receive compensation from any drafted man for any services, or obtaining the performance of such service required from any member of said Board by the provisions of this act, shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall, for every such offense, be fines not exceeding five hundred dollars, to be recovered upon information or indictment before any court of competent jurisdiction, one-half for the use of any informer, who may prosecute for the same in the name of the United States, and the other half for the use of the United States; and shall also be subject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year, at the discretion of the court.

SEC. 23. And be it further enacted, That no member of the Board of Enrollment, and no surgeon detailed or employed to assist the Board of Enrollment, and no clerk, assistant, or employe of any provost-marshal or Board of Enrollment, shall, directly or indirectly, be engaged in procuring, or attempting to procure, substitutes for persons drafted, or liable to be drafted, into the military service of the United States. And if any member of a Board of Enrollment, or any such surgeon, clerk, assistant, or employe, shall procurer, or attempt to procure, a substitute for any person drafted, or liable to be drafted as aforesaid, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon conviction, be punished by imprisonment not less than thirty days nor more than six months, and pay a fine not less than one hundred nor more than one thousand dollars, by any court competent to try the offense.

SEC. 24. And be it further enacted, That all able-bodied male colored persons between the ages of twenty and forty-five years, resident in the United States shall be enrolled according to the provisions of this act, and of the act to which this is an amendment, and form part of the national forces; and when a slave of a loyal master shall be drafted and mustered into the service of the United States, his master shall have a certificate thereof; and thereupon such slave shall be free, and the bounty of one hundred dollars, now payable by law for each drafted man, shall be paid to the person to whom such drafted person was owing service or labor at the time of his muster into the service of the United States. The Secretary of War shall appoint a commission in each of the slave States represented in Congress, charged to award to each loyal person to whom a colored volunteer may owe service a just compensation, not exceeding three hundred dollars, for each such colored volunteer, payable out of the fund derived from commutations; and every such colored volunteer, on being mustered into the service, shall be free. And in all cases where men of color have been heretofore enlisted, or have volunteered in the military service of the United States, all the provisions of this act, so far as the payment of bounty and compensation are provided, shall be equally applicable as to those who may be hereafter recruited. But men of color, drafted or enlisted, or who may volunteer into the military service, while they shall be credited on the quotas of the several States or subdivisions of States wherein they are respectively drafted, enlisted, or shall volunteer, shall not be assigned as State troops, but shall be mustered into regiments or companies as United States colored troops.

SEC. 25. And be it further enacted, That the fifteenth section of the act to which this is amendatory be so amended that it will read as follows: That any surgeon charged with the duty of such inspection, who shall receive from any person whomsoever any money or other valuable thing, or agree, directly or indirectly, to receive the same to his own imperfect inspection or a false or incorrect report, or who shall willfully neglect to make a faithful inspection and true report, and each member of the Board of Enrollment who shall willfully agree to the discharge from service of any drafted

