
I would therefore respectfully request that you make exception in our case, inasmuch as we are so far ahead on all calls, and no other system be adopted until due notice of the intended change be given to this department.

I have the honor to be, with much respect,

JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, February 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a note yesterday's date from Baron von Gerolt, together with its printed accompaniment, and will thank you to enable me to comply with his request for information concerning the true meaning of the general order (Numbers 2) of the military authority at Memphis to which he refers.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the General-in-Chief for report.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PRUSSIAN LEGATION,

Washington, February 24, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States, Washington:

SIR: His Majesty's consul at Saint Louis, on the application of several Prussian subjects residing at Memphis, Tenn., has sent to me the inclosed general order (Numbers 2) of the military authority at Memphis of January 30 last, by which, according to article 2, it seems the subjects of foreign governments have to be enrolled in the military service of the militia, or will be required to leave the District of Memphis, &amp;c.

As I have reason to doubt whether it was intended to apply this article to aliens residing in the District of Memphis, I would feel obliged to you by being informed of the true interpretation of the aforementioned order on this subject.

I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration, your obedient servant,

FR. GEROLT.

[Slip (printed) inclosed was cut from a newspaper. It is a publication of General Orders, Numbers 2, headquarters First Brigade Enrolled Militia, District of Memphis, dated Memphis, January 30, 1864, filed with S. 531, Headquarters of the Army, 1864.]

