
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 76. Washington, February 26, 1864.

SENTENCE OF DESERTERS.

The President directs that the sentences of all deserters who have been condemned by court-martial to death, and that have not been otherwise acted upon by him, be mitigated to imprisonment during the war at the Dry Tortugas, Fla., where they will be sent under suitable guards by orders from army commanders.

The commanding generals, who have power to act on proceedings of courts-martial in such cases, are authorized in special cases to restore to duty deserters under sentence when in their judgment the service will be thereby benefited.

Copies of all orders issued under the foregoing instructions will be immediately forwarded to the Adjutant-General and to the Judge-Advocate-General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, WIS., February 26, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Legislature has just passed unanimously a joint resolution requesting postponement of draft and continuance of large bounties until April 1. I cordially approve of the resolution, and hope the request will be granted.

J. T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, February 26, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed memorial* of the Honorable Ed. O"Neill, mayor of the city of Milwaukee, in this State, for the postponement of the draft one month and the continuance of the large bounty for the same period.

I would respectfully call your attention to this memorial, and also state that our Legislature has passed an act authorizing towns and cities to pay bounties to volunteers, which was only perfected on the 23rd instant.

The time is very short in which to hold public meetings, vote tax, and realize the money necessary for this purpose.

I feel quite certain, from present appearances, that Wisconsin can and will fill its quota if opportunity be given to avail ourselves of the large Government bounty and also of the local bounties just being offered. I have nearly raised one regiment (the Thirty-sixth Volunteer Infantry) since the 12th instant, and believe I can raise the

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

