
[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 29, 1864.

The President respectfully refers the within letter from the Governor of Pennsylvania to the Honorable Secretary of War.

JNO. G. NICOLAY,

Private Secretary.

WASHINGTON, February 27, 1864.

Honorable E. H. EAST,

Secretary of State, Nashville, Tenn.:

Your telegram of the 26th instant asking for a copy of my dispatch to Warren Jordan, esq., at Nashville Press office, has just been referred to me by Governor Johnson. In my reply to Mr. Jordan, which was brief and hurried, I intended to say that in the county and State elections of Tennessee the oath prescribed in the proclamation of Governor Johnson on the 26th of January, 1864, ordering an election in Tennessee on the first Saturday in March next, is entirely satisfactory to me as a test of loyalty of all persons proposing or offering to vote in said elections, and coming from his would better be observed and followed. There is no conflict between the oath of amnesty in my proclamation of 8th December, 1863, and that prescribed by Governor Johnson in his proclamation of the 26th ultimo. No person who has taken the oath of amnesty of 8th December, 1863, and obtained a pardon thereby, and who intends to observe the same in good faith, should have any objection to taking that prescribed by Governor Johnson as a test of loyalty. I have seen and examined Governor Johnson's proclamation, and am entirely satisfied with his plan, which is to restore the State government and place it under the control of citizens truly loyal to the Government of the United States.

A. LINCOLN.

Please send above for Governor Johnson.

A. L.

U. S. MILITARY TELEGRAPH OFFICE,

Washington, March 1, 1864.

I certify that the above telegram is a verbatim copy of a dispatch forwarded this day to Nashville, Tenn., and now on file in this office.

CHAS. A. TINKER,

Cipher Clerk.

P. S.-Please send copy of foregoing telegram to James B. Bingham, Memphis, Tenn., and oblige,

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee.

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, February 27, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am directed by the Governor to transmit you the inclosed copy of a joint resolution of the Legislature of this State relative to

