
the extension of time for the payment of Government bounties to volunteers, which passed both houses by a unanimous vote. The Governor cordially approves the resolution and hopes the request therein contained will be granted and that you will use your influence to that end.

Respectfully,

FRANK H. FIRMIN,

Private and Military Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

JOINT RESOLUTION relative to the extension of time for the payment of Government bounties to volunteers.

Whereas, the time limited for the payment of bounties to volunteers by the Government expires on the first day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and the quotas required to be furnished by the State of Wisconsin under the late calls of the President are not yet filled; and

Whereas, under the patriotic action of the people the business of recruiting has been going forward for several weeks past, and is now going on with much vigor, and recruits are coming forward as rapidly as they can be conveniently mustered into service or provided with camp accommodations, and there is good reason to believe that if the payment of bounties shall be continued for a few weeks longer the full number of soldiers required from this State will be supplied and the necessity for a draft will be obviated: Therefore,

Resolved by the Assembly (the Senate concurring), That the Senators and Members in Congress from this State be requested to use all possible exertions to procure an extension of time for the payment of bounties to volunteers in and for the State of Wisconsin until the first day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

WILLIAM W. FIELD,

Speaker of the Assembly.

WYMAN SPOONER,

President of the Senate.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 27, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN BROUGH,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: Your letter of the 27th of January* in relation to the damages occasioned by Morgan's raid in Ohio has remained unanswered with a view to ascertain the sentiment of Congress upon claims of this nature, and to consult with Representatives from different States in like condition as to the best mode of affording redress. No doubt is entertained by me that the General Government is bound to afford compensation for losses sustained from these military raids in the respective States; but there is much difficulty in determining what is the best mode of ascertaining the damages actually sustained and guarding the Government against fraudulent claims. It seemed to me to be useless to bring the matter before the attention of Congress until the questions relative to the draft and the increase of the armies

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

