
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 79. Washington, February 29, 1864.

COMMANDANTS OF RENDEZVOUS FOR DRAFTED MILITIA.

Any authority which may have been heretofore given for the appointment of commandants of rendezvous for drafted men or volunteers by Governors of States is hereby rescinded.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 81. Washington, February 29, 1864.

The following resolution is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 14.

A RESOLUTION relative to the transfer of persons in the military service to the naval service.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, First. That the Provost- Marshal-General be, and is hereby, directed to enlist such persons as may desire to enter into the naval service of the United States, under such directions as may be given by the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy, which enlistments shall be credited to the appropriate district: Provided, nevertheless, That inasmuch as persons enlisted in the naval service receive prize money, persons so enlisting shall not be entitled to receive any bounty upon their enlistment. Second. That the President of the United States may, whenever in his judgment the public service requires, authorize and direct the transfer of persons who have been employed in sea service, and are now enlisted in regiments for land service, from such regiments to the naval service, upon such terms and according to such rules and regulations as he may prescribe: Provided, nevertheless, That the number of transfers from any company or regiment shall not be so great as to reduce such company or regiment below the minimum strength required by the regulations of the military service. And provided further, That such sums as may have been paid to persons so transferred, as bounty for entering into the military service, shall be transferred from the recruiting fund of the naval service to the credit of the proper appropriation for the land service.

SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That there shall be paid to each enlisted able or ordinary seaman hereafter enlisted into the naval service and advance of three months" pay, as a bounty, to be refunded to the Treasury from any prize money to which such enlisted man may be entitled.

Approved February 24, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

President's dispatch of yesterday received. Shall leave for the Mississippi this afternoon to execute his orders. They will not interfere with my organization of colored troops, which latter I consider my paramount duty.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

