
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 29, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: During the late enlistments of volunteers the heavy artillery has been a favorite arm of service, and I am informed that many regiments of that arm have now more than their maximum. It is stated that the Fourth New York has 2,300 men. I know them all to contain many men. Their organization permits about 1,800 men to a regiment.

I respectfully suggest that special returns and reports of the heavy artillery be called for to show their condition on February 29, and that where regiments have a large excess of recruits they be transferred to infantry regiments.

I would also suggest that on account of the large number of recruits received by this arm, as stated, some of the regiments or battalions from them might be sent into the field as infantry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 29, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington City:

On the basis of population shown by the census of 1860, including one-half of the white population of Kentucky, Missouri, Delaware, Maryland, Western Virginia, and the District of Columbia, and omitting California, Oregon, all the rebel States and Territories, the calls made on Indiana in 1861 and 1862 were excessive 6,199.

On the basis of the enrollment the calls during same years were excessive to the number of 9,986.

Upon any basis of calculation with the number of men known to be recruited in the State and re-enlisted in the field it is certain that the State has more than filled her quota under all calls.

Many localities are paying heavy bounties, and it will occasion great complaint if they are allowed to do this after the quota is filled.

Statement mailed to-day.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 21. Washington, March 1, 1864.

Disbursing officers of the funds for collecting, organizing, and drilling volunteers have been instructed to pay any one, citizen or soldier, until further orders, the sums of $15 and $10 ($15 for a veteran and $10 a recruit) who may present to them the certificate of a regular recruiting officer that they have furnished an acceptable recruit to such officer.

The $2 premium authorized by General Orders, Numbers 74, of July 7, 1862, will not be paid in the above cases. In all cases where the sol-

10 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

