
I learn that the chairman of the Military Committee opposes the bill. I would deplore the necessity of presenting this subject to our Legislature, for reasons I explained to you, with the promise of the Secretary of War for you to the citizens who advanced the money and to me as Governor of the State.

It will seem strange to the public that with a majority in both branches such a bill cannot be passed. I cannot leave Harrisburg to-day. If I could, such is my anxiety on this subject that I would go to Washington if my presence there would in the least help the passage of the bill.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., March 1, 1864.

His Excellency JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence, R. I.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of February 25, urging that as Rhode Island has furnished her quota that none of her delinquent towns shall be subject to draft, and expressing your surprise that any other course should be proposed, and asking that no other system than the one you propose be adopted until due notice of the intended change be given to you.

In reply I inclose a copy of the act approved February 24, 1864, amendatory of the enrollment act, from which you will see (section 3) that the subject has been fixed by law.* I therefore respectfully notify you of the intention of this Bureau to change the system you understood to have been in force so far as to make it conform to the present law, which law did not exist at the date of my letter to you of October, 1863.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 9. Washington, March 2, 1864.

Boards of enrollment will commence on the 10th instant to make the draft in all sub-districts which had not filled their quotas before the 1st instant. All volunteers who may enlist before the draft is actually made will be deducted from the quotas by the Board of Enrollment in accordance with orders, to be given in each case, by the acting assistant provost-marshals-general of the States. If the quota shall not be filled by the first draft, the Board shall make further drafts until the entire quota is obtained.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*See p. 128.

---------------

