
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 2, 1864.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, U. S. Senate:

SIR: Your note of this date requesting my views regarding Joint Resolution Numbers 41 of the House of Representatives, to continue the payment of bounties, &amp;c., has just been received, and in reply I have the honor to state:

First. That in my opinion the requisite troops can be raised morel expeditiously by continuing the payment of bounties to the 1st of April than by any other means.

Second. That at present great exertions are being made in the several States to raise their quotas by volunteers, so as to avoid a draft, the people preferring that method of furnishing troops.

Third. That General Burnside, General Hancock, and State Legislature and Executive are earnestly requesting the continuance of the bounties until the 1st of April.

Fourth. That in my opinion the joint resolution of the House is wise and judicious, and that its speedy passage by the Senate would greatly promote the public welfare and strengthen the military force more quickly and efficiently than can be accomplished in any other mode.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., March 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Insurrection in Edgar County, Ill. Union men on one side, copperheads on the other. They have had two battles; several killed. Please order Lieutenant-Colonel Oakes, assistant provost- marshal-general, to send two companies of the Invalid Corps to Paris, Ill., to put down the disturbance and keep the peace. I have no arms for militia, as you are well aware. Please answer immediately.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., March 2, 1864.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Orders will be immediately given Lieutenant-Colonel Oakes to render you assistance, and Major-General Heintzelman will be ordered immediately to your aid. His headquarters are at Columbus. You can communicate with him as commander of the department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

