
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., March 2, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

You will repair forthwith to Paris, Edgar County, Ill., and, on consultation with Governor Yates, assist the civil authorities in restoring order and enforcing the law. Lieutenant-Colonel Oakes, with two companies of invalids, has been ordered there, with instructions to report to you on your arrival. Governor Yates reports an insurrection in Edgar County and asks for troops to restore order.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 39. Chattanooga, Tenn., March 2, 1864.

The raising of two regiments of infantry of African descent will be commenced at this place without delay, under the direction of Colonel T. J. Morgan, commanding Fourteenth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops. Colonel Morgan will receive all recruits enlisted by Mr. J. A. Spooner, agent for recruiting of colored troops at this place, as well as those recruited at such other stations as he may establish, and organize them into companies, under command of the officers of his regiment, until officers are appointed. One of these regiments will be composed of such men only as can pass the physical examination required other will be composed of all classes of colored men capable of performing the ordinary fatigue duties of a military depot, and as soon as companies are organized they will be subject to such details for fatigue duty as the commanding general of the department may direct.

William W. Wright, chief engineer U. S. military railroads, Division of the Mississippi, has been appointed colonel of the second regiment names above.

The major-general commanding the department will nominate for appointment the additional field and line officers, selecting such as he may deem best fitted for the service. Their names will be reported to the Bureau for Colored Troops at Washington, D. C., through Captain R. D. Mussey, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, acting commissioner for the organization of colored troops, when the appointments will be forwarded and the regiments receive their designation.

The quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments will fill Colonel Morgan's requisitions for the necessary stores.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87. Washington, March 3, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC-Numbers 12.

AN ACT reviving the grade of lieutenant-general in the United States Army.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the grade of lieutenant-general be, and

