
SAINT ALBANS, VT., January 7, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If affords me pleasure to inform you that the quota of Vermont under the last call is filled, and we have a surplus of 270. this does not include the re-enlistment of men now in the field.

J. G. SMITH,

Governor.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 2. Washington, January 8, 1864.

I. Accounts for expenditures connected with recruiting must be kept separate from accounts connected with the enrollment and draft, and must be presented or forwarded for payment to the nearest mustering and disbursing officer,through the superintendent of the volunteer recruiting service of the State or division, except accounts for subsistence, which should be forwarded for payment, through the superintendent, to the nearest disbursing officer of the Commissary Department.

II. When a drafted person is arrested as a deserter by the provost-marshal for having failed to comply with the provisions of section 13, act of March 3, 1863, no reward can be allowed unless the person is held for service. All instructions in conflict with this are hereby revoked.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NOTE.- Amended circular - The one of the same number previously issued to be destroyed.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, Fort Monroe, January 8, 1864.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON,Commanding, Point Lookout:

GENERAL: The within copy of an order received by me from the President is sent you for your information and guidance.* You will enlist from the rebel prisoners under you command all those who may desire to enlist in the service of the United States either in the Army or Navy, and you will release all such as reside within our lines as in your judgment you may think proper and safe to do so, upon their taking the oath of allegiance and the parole, as prescribed in General Orders, No. 49.+

Respectfully yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., January 8, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The quota of Indiana under the last call was 19,000. This was reduced by enlistments and credits on former call to 16,141 on the

---------------

*See Lincoln to Butler, January 2, 1864, Series II, Vol. VI, p.808.

+See Series II, Vol. V. p.306.

---------------

