
the same is hereby, revived in the Army of the United States; and the President is hereby authorized, whenever he shall deem it expedient, to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a lieutenant-general, to be selected from among those officers in the military service of the United States, not below the grade of major-general, most distinguished for courage, skill, and ability, who, being commissioned as lieutenant- general, may be authorized, under the direction and during the pleasure of the President, to command the armies of the United States.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant-general appointed as hereinbefore provided shall be entitled to the pay allowances, and staff specified in the fifth section of the act approved May twenty-eighth, seventeen hundred and ninety-eight; and also the allowances described in the sixth section of the act approved August twenty-three, eighteen hundred and forty-two, granting additional rations to certain officers: Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be constructed in any way to affect the rank, pay, or allowances of Winfield Scott, lieutenant-general by brevet, now on the retired-list of the Army.

Approved February 29, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDUM.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 3, 1864.

General Orders, Numbers 76, dated February 26, 1864, applies to soldiers convicted only of desertion, and does not relate to persons convicted of other crimes. The latter class will be punished according to their respective sentences.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 3, 1864.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

By authority of joint resolution of Congress passed to-day the payment of bounties will be continued until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Morton, Indianapolis; Governor Andrew, Boston, Mass; Governor Seymour, Albany, N. Y.; Major-General Burnside, New York; Major-General Hancock, Harrisburg; Andrew G. Curtin, Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg; John Brough, Governor of Ohio, Columbus.)

SPRINGFIELD, March 3, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Have dispatch from Secretary of War that you render aid in quelling disturbance in Edgar County, Ill. I deemed it necessary only to send two companies of Invalid Corps to Paris, and so requested War Department.

