
To facilitate as much as possible the execution of the law above cited, it shall he the duty of every officer commanding a company, and of every officer commanding a recruiting rendezvous or depot, to forward all the applications made to him for transfer by seamen or ordinary seamen of his company or detachment, together with that proof that the applicants are mariners by vocation, or able or ordinary seamen, through the proper authorities, to the headquarters of the army of dep the company is serving, or in which report those of the applications who have served longest at sea, and whether in the merchant or naval service. Not less than two years" sea service will constitute an ordinary seaman, and, in the absence of other proof, the applicant may be required to make oath as to the service he has seen at sea. All recruiters who may be found qualified for transfer to the Navy will be retained at the depot until the decision of the army or department commander is made known.

Each commanding general of an army or department which has been required to furnish a quota for transfer to the Navy will at once designate one or more officers, as may be required, to examine the applications and determine from them, according to the qualifications of the applications and the number to be furnished, what men shall be transferred to the Navy, care being taken that the transfer enlistments shall be so apportioned among the companies of each command that no regiment shall be reduced below the minimum organization.

As fast as selections are made the men selected for transfer will be sent to the designated stations in the most expeditions manner, under suitable conduct; and the officer in charge of each detachment will be furnished with complete descriptive lists, containing statements of the pay, bounty, and clothing received and due, which will be turned over with the men to the commandant of tn being accepted at the naval station men will be dropped from the rolls of their companies as transferred to the Navy by enlistment; but if rejected for physical disability or for not having seen the prescribed sea service they will be sent back to their applications the expense of transportation will be charged against their pay.

Weekly reports of the men transferred under the provisions of this order will be made to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., March 4, 1864.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Paris:

I am surprised that the Secretary of War ordered you to Paris, as I telegraphed him to let me send two companies of the Invalid Corps there, which I supposed would do for the present. Colonel Oakes is on his way to Paris; left here this morning. I desire you to confer with Doctor Kyle and George M. Rives, of Paris.

