
There are in my judgment good and sufficient reasons for this change. This change of name is not intended to alter any of the principles or rules upon which the corps was organized and by which it is governed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

Approved.

E. M. STANTON.

PARIS, ILL., March 5, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I arrived here yesterday at 8 a. m., and at 3 p. m. Captain Hill's company of invalids from Chicago; Lieutenant-Colonel Oakes at 1 this morning. Some more troops are expected momentarily. I found the town perfectly quiet, the account being greatly exaggerated. No one has been killed and but three wounded. I will order Lieutenant-Colonel Oakes back to his duties as his troops arrive, and will leave for my headquarters by the first train. A more detailed report will be furnished.*

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

SENATE CHAMBER, THIRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS, Washington City, March 5, 1864.

Colonel FRY:

SIR: I have received this telegraph from Governor Carney, of my State.+ As those additional regiments are nearly full, of course you will not order is full, if you get the returns in season. I hope you will telegraph at once to the Governor.

Truly,

S. C. POMEROY.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, STATE OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, Ky., March 5, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter from Adjutant-General Boyle, of this State, asking a question which I have not the data to answer, viz: Why, under the call for 500,000 men in 1861, Kentucky was required to furnish 27,211 men, while now under a call for the same number she is required to furnish but 14,471.

My reply to General Boyle suggests that the deductions now made while there were none to be credital in 1861 may account for the discrepancy.

I inclose also copy of my letter addressed to one of my provost- marshals, being of the general form addressed to each. It was issued

---------------

*See April 8, p. 221.

+See p. 151.

---------------

