
immediately after receipt of your letter of 23rd February, and was intended to convey its information to the provost-marshals severally. I would respectfully ask if it be in strict conformity with your letter of 23rd of February, as I find some ambiguous points in that letter.

I assume that the work of the commissaries of musters has been adjusted in the Adjutant-General's Office, as there are no returns whatever of this work in this office. Lieutenant-Colonel Flint is chief commissary of musters of the Department of the Ohio, through whom the commissaries report, and also, as I understand, report directly to the Adjutant-General. I respectfully ask to be informed on this point, in order that I may speak advisedly when consulted by the Governor or other proper authorities.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. KENTUCKY VOLS., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Frankfort, March 4, 1864.

Major Major W. H. SIDELL, U. S. Army,Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Dist. of Ky., Louisville, Ky.:

MAJOR: The Louisville Journal of this day contains a notice from yourself that bounties will be paid until April 1 proximo. Does this indicate a suspension of the draft until that time?

Mr. Haydon has delivered me your letter and accompanying papers, for which I thank you. Does it not appear unreasonable, however, that under a call for 500,000 men in 1861 Kentucky should be required to furnish 27,211 (which she more than did), while under a similar call now she is expected to raise only 14,471? Ought we not in justice be credited with our overplus for 1861 and 1862? I forbear to say more at present until we learn of the suspension of the draft or not. If suspended, I will endeavor to see you before April 1. Please answer early.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, STATE OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, Ky., March 1, 1864.

Captain ROLAND H. HALL,Provost-Marshal, First Dist. of Kentucky, Puducah, Ky.:

CAPTAIN; I have been furnished by the Provost-Marshal-General with the quota for Kentucky to fill the call of the President for 500,000 men for the several districts; also the number of volunteers up to 31st January from the districts at large not heretofore credited, so far as known to him.

These numbers for the First District are as follows:

Quota under the President's call........................... 1,767

Number of volunteers up to January 31, as above,

not heretofore credited.................................... 483

First. You will at once proceed to ascertain the proper proportions of the quota (1,767) of the district for the several sub-districts on the

