
were two or three colored regiments on the river. I shall find competent garrisons for other troops on the river by the end of the month. An addition regiment of infantry will be organized here.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, March 7, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I am directed to invite your attention to General Orders, Numbers 47, from your headquarters, dated June 6, 1863.

The organization therein established is in numbers inconsistent with Mustering Regulations and General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863. It is not supposed that this fact has escaped your attention, and it is believed that some special considerations, unknown to the Department, have rendered it necessary in your opinion that the colored troops be organized in the manner set forth in the order referred to. The latest returns on file in this office do not show that the regiments and companies have been increased to the maximum as provided in the first paragraph of said order.

A reported from you on this subject is respectfully requested.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 8, 1864.-For joint resolution of thanks of Congress to the volunteer soldiers who have re-enlisted in the Army, approved March 3, 1864, and announced in General Orders, Numbers 88, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, see Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part II, p. 527.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 89. Washington, March 8, 1864.

All Confederate bills, notes, or bonds in the hands of officers or agents of the Government will be transmitted to the Adjutant- General of the Army, with a specified statement how and from whom they were received. If captured, the circumstances of the capture will be stated; and if any portion has been expended, the amount and mode of expenditure will be given. Commanding officers of departments, armies in the field, independent posts, regiments, and companies are charged with the execution of this order.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

