
20th of October. Since the we estimate the enlistments in the State for new and old regiments at 13,000 and the enlistment of veterans in the field at 5,000. The reports are not in, but I believe these estimates will be found substantially correct. Nine new regiments have been raised.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 2. Washington, D. C., January 9, 1864.

In obedience to the following order* for the Secretary of War the undersigned has returned to Washington and resumed charge of the Bureau of the Quartermaster's Department. All official letters and documents should be addressed to him at this office.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, January 9, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: You are hereby assigned to duty by the Secretary of War to recruit and fill up the old regiments of the Second Army Corps, and to increase the said corps to a strength of 50,000 men, for such service as the War Department may specially designate. The following instructions will be observed, viz:

1. The recruitment will be conducted in the State of Pennsylvania, and in Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and Minnesota,so far as the regiments from those States in the Second Corps are concerned. The term of enlistment will be for three years or the war.+

I am, general, &amp;c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pulaski, Tenn., January 9, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

I respectfully request authority to raise one or more regiments of cavalry from Alabamians. There are large numbers coming to our lines, and a better class of men than has ever come through before, being men who have furnished substitutes upon being drafted for the rebel service. Several of them are anxious to raids a regiment, and I have no bout [it can] easily be done. I recruited one regiment at Corinth, Miss. - the First Alabama Cavalry, nearly 1,000 strong - and that fact being well known in North Alabama nearly all the refugees from there seek my lines.

---------------

*See Stanton to Meigs, December 26, 1863, Vol. III, this series, p.1193.

+Paragraphs 2,3,4,5,6,7, and 8 (here omitted) similar to letter to Major-General Burnside of January 7, 1864, p.14.

---------------

