
Commanding generals of department will communicate with the Navy Department, and cause the men selected for transfer to be sent to the designated stations in such numbers as may be fixed by the Secretary of the Navy.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Under the provisions of the act of April 4, 1862, which authorities the President to assign to command officers of the same grade, without regard to seniority of rank, the undersigned, a major-general, was assigned in July, 1862, to the command of the land forces of the United States. Since that time the higher grade of lieutenant-general has been created, and the distinguished officer promoted to that rank has received his commission and reported for duty. I therefore respectfully request that orders be issued placing him in command of the Army and relieving me from that duty. In making this request I am influenced solely by a desire to conform to the provisions of the law, which, in my opinion, imposes upon the lieutenant-general the duties and responsibilities of the General-in-Chief of the Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BOSTON, March 9, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The Granite State has uttered her voice in favor of the war policy of the Government. The soldiers of New Hampshire have aided civilians and citizens to achieve a great constitutional victory, on the field or at their homes. Our boys in blue will give no quarter to treason.

J. A. GILLMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 9, 1864.

Governor GILLMORE,

Boston:

Accept my thanks for your telegram and my cordial congratulations to yourself and the patriotic people of the State for their great loyal victory.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, D. C., March 10, 1864.

Under the authority of an act of Congress to revise the grade of lieutenant-general in the U. S. Army, approved February 29, 1864,

