
Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, is assigned to the command of the Armies of the United States.*

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 96. Washington, March 10, 1864.

ARMS AND CAMP EQUIPAGE OF FURLOUGHED REGIMENTS.

1. When veteran volunteer regiments are sent on furlough, the men of the regiment who go home will take their arms and accouterments with them to the State rendezvous, where they will be left in store until the regiment assembles again at the expiration of its furlough.

2. The superintend all officers as may be necessary to remain at the rendezvous in charge of the arms and accouterments thus left, and will immediately report to the Adjutant-General the names of the officers as may be necessary to remain at the rendezvous in charge of the arms and accouterments thus left, and will immediately report to the Adjutant-General the names of the officers detailed. They will receive their furloughs after furloughs after the regiments returns to the rendezvous.

3. The officers detailed to take charge of this property will be held strictly accountable that it is preserved in good order. They will exchange invoices and receipts for the same, on which the condition of each article will be noted, and will make a special return of it to the Adjutant-General, on which the regiments and companies to whom it belongs will be specified.

4. At the expiration of the furlough granted the regiment,the arms and accouterments will again be turned over to the regimental and company officers, who should be responsible that when the men hands of the men; and they will be responsible that when the men return to the Army, their arms and acounterments shall return with them in serviceable condition.

5. This order is not intended to apply to men furloughed as individuals when their regiments do not re-enlist, who will turn in their arms and accouterments to the officer responsible therefor before they leave their companies.

6. The camp and garrison equipage of a furloughed regiment will be properly cared for until its return, according to orders which may be given by the commanders in the field.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 10, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Northern Department, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to transmit to you, herewith inclosed, a copy of a communication from the acting assistant provost-marshal-general for Indiana to the Provost- Marshal-General, relating to the supposed treasonable designs of certain disloyal parties in Indiana and Illinois.

---------------

*For Grant's order assuming command, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part III, p. 83.

---------------

11 R R--SERIES III, VOL IV

