
his disloyal associates, by whom he would be sure to be treated with new marks of confidence. Through these two men I think other reliable men could be initiated into the order and an amount of evidence could be accumulated which would secure a complete exposure and the punishment of the most quilty.

I am satisfied that the assassination of the Governor of their State is one of the objects contemplated by some of the men connected with this treasonable organization, the design being to transfer the executive power of the State to disloyal hands by vesting it in an officer who is known to sympathize with treason.

If the suggestions I have made are deemed worthy of serious consideration, their execution might be intrusted to the major- general commanding the department. If it was thought necessary to have an officer on duty in this State in immediate connection with the parties employed, I beg leave to suggest that Brigadier-General Carrington, now on duty with Governor Morton, is well fitted for the duty. Believing that the subject merits attention, I have thought it proper to submit these views for your consideration.

The hostility to the Government among the disloyal portion of the citizens of this State is less demonstrative than it was last summer, but it is also better organized and more determined, and therefore more dangerous.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: Having carefully examined into the condition and position of this department, I am satisfied that the interests of the service require the following measures:

First. The provost-marshal-general's department here should be filled throughout the State with able and impartial military men, properly qualified and free from all interest or bias in local politics, while they should be sound, earnest, national men. This being in my power, I am effecting.

Second. The security of internal peace and order, the suppression of guerrilla and other unlawful or thieving organization, will be best effected by disciplined, well- officers troops from other States. This will require from one to two regiments of infantry and four regiments of cavalry from else where, but it will disband 2,400 enrolled militia and enable us to more than double the force we thus borrow by converting the Missouri troops now in the U. S. service and U. S. Volunteers ready for duty out of the State.

This change of troops is demanded by many big considerations, political and economical, and all the more necessary in view of the approaching political canvass for State offices and policy. The people are ripe for it and it will save expense.

Third. The ten regiments of Missouri State Militia troops now in our service ought to be converted into U. S. Volunteers or veterans, or disbanded. This will save us $250,000 per annum, and increase

