
the efficiency of the troops which will then be available for service outside of the State.

Fourth. When these are effected, these Missouri, Kansas, and Arkansas troops should be combined and sweep the country west of the Mississippi to the Gulf. The season is advanced, and to make effectual work on the suggestions proposed your immediate decision should be announced.

Further reasons and details relating to these views will be furnished if desirable.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ORDERS Numbers 7.] VICKSBURG, MISS., March 11, 1864.

All troops of African descent will hereafter be designated by numbers, and be reported by the number as regiments of U. S. cavalry, heavy artillery, light artillery, or infantry (colored). Those in the Department of the Tennessee will be numbered as follows, hereinafter. Those in the Department of the Gulf will be numbered as soon as complete returns of the same have been received. After the regiments have been designated in accordance with the above, under no circumstances whatever will any other number or denomination be given them.

CAVALRY.

First. Regiment Mississippi Cavalry, of African descent, as the Third.

HEAVY ARTILLERY.

First Regiment Tennessee Heavy Artillery, of African descent, as the Second.

Second Regiment Tennessee Heavy Artillery, of African descent, as the Third.

First Regiment Mississippi Heavy Artillery, of African descent, as the Fourth.

Second Regiment Mississippi Heavy Artillery, of African descent, as the Fifth.

LIGHT ARTILLERY.

First, Second, and Third Louisiana Batteries, of African descent, as Batteries A, B, and C, Second.

The Memphis Light Battery, of African descent, as Company D, Second.

INFANTRY.

First Regiment Arkansas Volunteers, of African descent, as the Forty-six.

Eighth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, of African descent, as the Forty-seventh.

Tenth Regiment of Louisiana Volunteers, of African descent, as the Forty-eighth.

Eleventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, of African descent, as the Forty-ninth.

Twelfth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fiftieth.

