
First Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, of African descent,as the Fifty-first.

Second Regiment of Mississippi Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-second.

Third Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-third.

Second Regiment of Arkansas Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-fourth.

First Regiment Alabama Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-fifth.

Third Regiment Arkansas Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-seventh.

Sixth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-eighth.

First Regiment West Tennessee Volunteers, of African descent, as the Fifty-ninth.

First Regiment Iowa Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixtieth.

Second Regiment West Tennessee Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-first.

First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixth-second.

Ninth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-third.

Seventh Regiment Louisiana volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-fourth.

Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-fifth.

Fourth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-sixth.

Third Regiment Missouri Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-seventh.

Fourth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, of African descent, as the Sixty-eighth.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ORDERS Numbers 8.] VICKSBURG, MISS., March 11, 1864.

Brigadier General W. A. Pile, U. S. Volunteers,now charged with the organizations of colored troops in Missouri, is authorized to assign such officers ad enlisted men as may be disposable for the purpose of recruiting colored troops in the State of Missouri. No officer detailed for this duty will be permitted to remain at any one point longer than it becomes evident that all available men have been recruited in the locality where he may be stationed.

On the application of Brigadier-General Pile, the major-general commanding the Department of the Missouri will detail such commissioned officers and enlisted men from regiments as the former officer may desire, to fill positions in the colored regiments to be raised under his (General Pile's) supervision. All so detailed will receive the appointments to which they may be nominated by General Pile on that officer making application to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, at Vicksburg, Miss., provided all that are so

