
nominated have passed a satisfactory examination before a properly authorized board.

As soon as General Pile has completed the organization of the colored regiments now being raised he will commence recruiting one or more additional regiments.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ORDERS Numbers 9.] VICKSBURG, MISS., March 11, 1864.

The following regulations respecting the leasing of plantations within the limits of the Military Division of the Mississippi, and the management of the freedmen thereon, are published for the information and government of all concerned:

The rules adopted by Major General N. P. Banks in the Department of the Gulf have, for the sake of uniformity, been taken as a basis, with such modifications as the experience of the past year has dictated as most beneficial to the interest of this section of the country.

The occupation of the plantations and employment of the freedmen, having been directed by the President of the United States, must be regarded as a settled policy of the Government, and it is the duty of all military commanders and troops to afford protection to the fullest extent to this most important interest whenever it can properly be done.

When steam-boats are employed by proper authority, transporting freedmen or supplies for plantations, such boats will not be taken possession of unless under an imperative necessity, and then only under the immediate order of the general in command of the department, corps, or district.

I. The enlistment of soldiers from plantations under cultivation in this department, having been suspended by order of the Government, will not be resumed except upon direction of the same high authority.

II. Provost-marshals shall be distributed at convenient points in the neighborhood of leased plantations, whose duty it shall be to see that justice and equity are observed in all relations between employers of freedmen and those employed, and to exercise such other police duties as shall be assigned to them by the district commanders appointing them. The districts over which they shall exercise these duties shall be called police districts.

III. Provision will be made for the establishment of a sufficient number of schools--one at least for each of the police districts--for the instruction of colored children under twelve years of age, which will be established by and placed under the direction of the superintendent of public education.

IV. Soldiers will not be allowed to visit plantations without the written consent of the commanding officer of the regiment or post to which they are attached, and never with arms, except when on duty, accompanied by an officer.

V. Plantation hands will not be allowed to pass from one place to another, except under such regulations as may be established by the provost-marshal of the police district.

Vi. Flogging and other cruel or unusual punishments are interdicted.

VII. Planters will be required as early as practicable after the publication of these regulations to make a roll of persons employed

