
opened, and that suitable judges of election and other officers are appointed. It is desirable that all persons properly qualified shall vote, but it is more important that the integrity of the election shall not be vitiated by illegal or fraudulent acts.

XI. The delegates duly elected to the convention shall meet at Liberty Hall, Executive Building, in the city of New Orleans, at 12 m. on Wednesday, the 6th day of April, 1864. In case any vacancy occurs, by resignation or death, after the organization of the convention, a writ of election shall be issued by the convention to fill the vacancy.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 11, 1864.

Governor SAMUEL CONY,

Augusta, Me.:

Your telegram of the 25th February was referred to the Provost- Marshal-General for report, which has just been received. The orders of the Department are explicit that no soldiers shall be enlisted and receive bounty as veterans who have not served two years. The act of Congress, moreover, only authorizes the payment of bounties to those who are enlisted in accordance with the regulations of the Department. Unauthorized engagements by officers by officers in the field or elsewhere will not be recognized by the service. To recognize them as valid would prove an abuse of great magnitude.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 68. Washington, March 12, 1864.

The President of the Untied States orders as follows:

I. Major General H. W. Halleck is, at his own request, relieved from duty as General-in-Chief of the Army, and Lieutenant General U. S. Grant is assigned to the command of the Armies of the United States. The Headquarters of the Army will be in Washington, and also with Lieutenant-General Grant in the field.

II. Major General H. W. Halleck is assigned to duty in Washington as chief of staff of the Army, under the direction of the Secretary of War and the lieutenant-general commanding. His orders will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

V. In relieving Major-General Halleck from duty as General-in- Chief the President desires to express his approbation and thanks for the able and zealous manner in which the arduous and responsible duties of that position have been performed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

