
States and localities their proper credits? This cannot be done if the place of enlistment is taken as the place of credit, for, while Maine has, from her, many of these enlisted in Boston, New York, or large places out of the State. Would not the place of birth, except in case of alienage, be the most reliable and equitable basis of credit?

JOHN L. HODSDON,

Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, STATE OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, Ky., March 13, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I think it proper to make mention to you of a speech delivered at Lexington on Thursday last, 10th instant, by Colonel Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, another of the same kind having been previously delivered by him at Danville, which, no doubt, will have an evil effect on the enrollment and draft-- particularly on the enrollment of negroes now in progress.

Colonel Wolford's speech, I am credibly informed, denounced the President and his Administration, and even went so far as to counsel forcible resistance to the enrollment of negroes under the present act of Congress. Governor Bramlette was on the stage at the time of the delivery of Colonel Wolford's speech, and gave no evidence of dissent then or subsequently. There is some reason for supposing that he knew what its purport would be before the delivery, for Colonel Wolford's view were well known, and he had exhibited them only a few days previously at Danville.

The assistant adjutant-general of General Schofield at Lexington, Captain J. Bates Dickson, issued an order for the arrest of Colonel Wolford as soon as informed of the character of the speech, and thus the case stands.

Captain Dickson writes me that there is much excitement in Lexington, and I do not doubt that it will extend throughout the State. It is not improbable that Colonel Wolford and others of his school are willing that it shall be so, and will aid to create it by their speeches. Although they may not sympathize with the rebellion, the State is filled with such as do, some of these returned rebels who have been drawn from the State that the great mass of able-bodied men who remain are unreliable.

To-day the colonel of a veteran Kentucky regiment, returned from furlough and on its way to the front, informed me that the bad spirit had even appeared in his regiment, and suggested that it would extend to the other Kentucky regiments.

I believe myself that the Kentucky soldiers are really indifferent to the question of enrolling negroes, but that they will always conform to what Kentucky leaders seek to do in the name of Kentucky. It is a sweet privilege to coerce the superior power of the Nation, however mean it may be to take advantage of its dire necessity. Public opinion, however, grows very fast in the State, and the chief hope of the disaffected is in the short time for the enrollment. Unfortunately

