
there is no really loyal newspaper in the State, so that no means exist to set forth loyal views.

A short article with I prepared--nothing but a summary of sicken 24 of the act of February 25, without a word of comment--was refused publication in the Louisville Journal on the ground that it would tend to break the peace, though the editor was willing to publish the section itself, and General Boyle, late commander of the District of Kentucky, upheld him in his refusal. To-morrow, 14th instant, I will send, as you direct, my report of the progress of the enrollment, thought I think little more will appear than reports of refusals of enrolling officers to act and appointments of others in their places. My chief apprehension in the whole matter is that the dissatisfaction created by these rash leaders on this one subject will introduce unwillingness for cordial co-operation in other matters, i. e., the draft, independently of the negroes.

I inclose a slip from the telegraphic column of the Louisville Journal of to-day. I should not omit to sa that Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge, now in command of the District of Kentucky, is firm in this determination to use all the force at his control in carrying out the law. He has ordered one company to the headquarters of each of the district provost-marshals (except First District, not in his command), and made them subject to the provost-marshal's orders.

I regret, however, to hear the rumor that General Burbridge is to be relieved.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major 15th U. S. Infty., Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]

FRANKFORT, March 12.

TO THE ASSOCIATED FRESS:

It is understood that Governor Bramlette has addressed an earnest remonstrance to the President in regard to the enrollment and enlistment of slaves in Kentucky, and has notified the President that he will execute the laws of Kentucky against all who attempt to take slaves from-their owners without their consent.

He claims that Kentucky has furnished 50,000 of her sons to defend the Government, and is willing to furnish still more-all that may be allotted to her; that she has proven her loyalty, and must be regarded as such, and her laws, constitutionally enacted, must be respected.

DANVILLE, KY., March 13, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have just written a letter to my personal friend, Governor Bramlette, who, I learn, has sent a dispatch to the provost-marshal in this place, ordering him to desist from the enrollment of the negroes; begging him not to bring the State government into conflict with the Federal authorities in this eventual proceeding.

While I am satisfied that any unwise conflict of authority exercised by Governor Bramlette would meet the decided condemnation of a majority--I hope and believe of a large majority of those who elevated him to office--yet, I take the liberty, as a loyal citizen, and one who intends to continue so under all contingencies, happen what may, to

