
entrat Your Excellency to forbear the enforcement of this measure in Kentucky.

It is eminently distasteful and obnoxious to the largest portion of the loyal people of the State, and there is no small danger of its producing an outbreak of a portion of our loyal people, and I dreadfully fear a conflict between the Federal and State authorities.

Are such evils and dangers as these to be incurred for the sake of the few frightened and unwilling soldiers to be obtained by drafting the negroes?

Permit me to suggest to Your Excellency this compromise with the people and authorities of Kentucky--that our State should furnish as many white troops in additional as would be drafted from the negro population, according to a fair estimate to be made of the number of that part of population. This, I think, would bring our people to a pause. If they should accept the proposition, the Government would receive the additional number of white soldiers from the State, instead of the black, which would certainly be satisfactory. If it should be declined, it would lead the mass of our people to feel that it was better to furnish a portion of the troops necessary to defend the State from our black population than to subject the whites to larger and repeated drafts.

I am inclined, also, to think that if $300 were paid for the drafted slaves it would quiet opposition. I beseech Your Excellency, at all events, not to hurry forward this enrollment- - not by hasty action to excite the unwise part of our people to any conflict with the Government.

Permit me further to suggest that you would cause Colonel Wolford's command and himself to be removed immediately from the State. He has been making some silly speeches, or portions of speeches, for nine-tenths of his speech is loyal in the highest degree. He is a valuable and faithful officer, and if sent out of the State will continue to be so. What prompts his present course I can"t divine, unless it is silly vanity and fondness to hear himself talk, and for receiving the temporary applause of silly people.

With the highest respect, I am, your obedient servant,

J. A. JACOBS.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., March 13, 1864.

General HODSDON,

Adjutant-General of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

The law requires men enlisting in Navy to be credited to the place where they are liable to enrollment and military duty under the enrollment act.

Necessary forms and instructions have been sent by me to Navy Department to be issued to naval recruiting officers.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

VICKSUBRG, MISS., March 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

After full consultation with Mr. Mellen I have issued regulations respecting plantations and the employment of freedmen, which are

