
satisfactory to him, and will be so the lessees. With the military protection I shall be able to afford I think the system will work well. The order of promulgation will be forwarded as soon as a copy can be obtained from the printed.* Lake Providence, Goodrich's Landing, and Milliken's Bend, in Louisiana, and Skipwith's Landing, in Mississippi, I propose to occupy with troops. I shall also strengthen Vidalia, opposite Natchez, and endeavor to put a force near Lake Saint Joseph, La. Negroes brought in by the Sherman expedition will about fill the regiments at this place and in its immediate vicinity, of which there are eleven regiments and tow light batteries. I shall be able in a few days to arrange my business here, and will then proceed to Natchez and New Orleans, where my presence is necessary.

L . THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, March 14, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF IOWA,

Davenport, Iowa:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant in reference to the credits to the State of Iowa. In reply I am directed to inform you that the State has been credited with 992 men additional in Missouri regiments. Under the rulings of the Department the change of credit of the eighty-three men of Company A, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, cannot be made in favor of Iowa and the Governor of Pennsylvania, the men having already been credited to the latter State. The credits made the State for musters therein during the months of January and February have already been communicated to His Excellency the Governor. No credits of re- enlisted veterans have yet been made to the State, as it is desirable before acting to get complete reports from mustering officers in the field. So soon as the credits of said troops are made due notification will be given you.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, STATE OF KENTUCKY, Louisville, Ky., March 14, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In obedience to your telegraphic order of the 9th instant directing me to report on the 14th, 20th, and 25th of this month the progress and completion of the enrollment of slaves in this State, I have the honor to state that circular were addressed promptly to the several provost-marshals of district to report to me the necessary information. In the cases of the most distant districts there has not been sufficient time for replies from them, and I make up the information from the general returns.

---------------

*See Orders Numbers 9, March 11, p. 166.

---------------

12 R R--SERIES III, VOL IV

