
would under the same circumstances, if possible, have repeated that speech from Chicago to Cairo, and prove by the muster-rolls its favorable effect. I will do all I can do keep Illinois ahead of other States. Our people demand that accounts shall be made up with each county. I have been censured for not doing this,and yet I cannot do it until the two dispatches to Major Vincent of yesterday are answered. God knows I am willing to do everything I can to co-operate with the Federal authorities, but I am not responsible for a policy over which I have no control. I will write you fully to-morrow. In the meantime I beg of you to answer those dispatches that I may make up my accounts with counties, and then we will again go to work if this is done. Recruiting has substantially stopped, for there is now no liberal bounties nor much fear of a draft.

ALLEN C. FULLER.

INDIANAPOLIS, January 9, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I have taken the responsibility of directing the recruiting for the old regiments to proceed as before. The recruiting is better than at any former period. If this is wrong, will your not inform me at once?

O. P. MORTON.

(Same to Colonel J. B. Fry.)

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., January 10, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington:

COLONEL: On the 8th instant, by direction of Governor Yates, I telegraphed Major Vincent, inquiring-

First. If 145,100 was the total calls made by the General Government upon this State, and if, show whether the State is exempt from a draft, provided it has furnished that number prior to the 6th instant.

Second. Stating the settlement with Missouri and inquiring whether the additional credit due this State of 1,244, according to such settlement, would be passed to the credit of this State by the War Department.

These dispatches were sent for the purpose of obtaining definite information upon which the Governor and myself might act understandingly with reference to future efforts to be made to maintain the reputation of the State in furnishing volunteers to the General Government.

To these dispatches you reply:

First. That "all matters relating to quotas in case of draft will be considered intime," &amp;c., and second, you ask if I can"t "restore" and "keep up the enthusiasm of our people," and express the fear that my speech in Chicago will check recruiting in other parts of the State unless I can stir up the people. I answered your dispatch last evening and promised to write you fully to- day, an I trust you will pardon me if I presume upon a long and friendly personal acquaintance with your father,and write you frankly of matters necessarily unknown to your department and its representatives on duty here. I assume you have official evidence upon which the fear mentioned in your dispatch is expressed, and while I do not now discuss the fairness

