
First District and the enrollment is progressing, except in Queen Anne County, where the provost-marshal has been unable to obtain the services of any one, and asks that he be furnished with a military force sufficient to make the enrollment.

I have deemed it advisable not to employ the military for this purpose, and have directed that enrolling officers be obtained from the adjoining counties.

Great difficulty was experienced in obtaining enrolling officers in the Second District, but they have been procured and the enrollment is being made throughout the district.

In the Third District enrolling officers were readily obtained, and the enrollment in the first, fourth, and sixth sub-districts has been completed, and the remaining sub-districts in the Fourth District, and there is a promise of a speedy enrollment of that district.

The provost-marshal of the Fifth District reports that he experienced considerable difficulty in procuring enrolling officers in his district; but that the enrollment is in progress in all of the counties. I shall be able, I trust, to report more in detail in my next report.

I have exerted every effort to have the enrollment of the slaves promptly and properly made.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, March 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: In your general remark to the Senate that State executives were pressing the extension of bounties, I hope you made a mental reservation in favor of your servant. I have favored the draft steadily from the day the proclamation ordering it on the 10th was issued. The result of this last postponement has fulfilled my prediction even will not tempt, and the local authorities and citizens, having the fear of the draft removed, are making no further effort to fill quotas. They regard the postponement of the draft as indefinite, both because of the recruiting and because, as they say, "Ohio is so near being out she will not be drafted, even if a draft is ordered." We shall do very little more in this State until our people realize that a draft will be had on a fixed day, and that promise must be kept. I favor a draft for another consideration: I regard our financial position as rapidly becoming the most critical one connected with the war. With every man we put into the Army costing us over $300, we are amassing a debt and corresponding taxation that will soon force us to resort to the same means as the Confederacy to get rid of it, except that in our case such a measure will be our destruction. If the call is to be filled, let us have the draft on the 1st of April.

Yours, very truly,

JOHN BROUGH.

