
medicine, and other wagons, horses, mules, and men in that portion of the ambulance corps. He shall be the acting assistant quartermaster for that portion of the ambulance corps, and will receipt for and be responsible for all the property belonging to it, and be held responsible for any deficiency in anything appertaining thereto. He shall have a traveling cavalry forge, a blacksmith, and a saddler, who shall be under his orders, to enable him to keep his train in order. He shall have authority to draw supplies from the depot quartermaster, upon requisitions approved by the captain of his corps, the medical director, and the commander of the army corps to which he is attached. It shall be his duty to exercise a constant supervision over his train inevery particular, and keep it at all times ready for service.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted. That the second lieutenant shall have command of the portion of the ambulance corps for a brigade, and shall be under the immediate orders of the first lieutenant, and he shall exercise a careful supervision over the sergeants and privates assigned to the portion ;of the ambulance corps for his brigade; and it shall be the duty of the sergeants to conduct the drills and inspections of the ambulances, under his ordered, of their respective regiments.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted. That the ambulanctates shall be used only for the transportation of the sick and wounded, and, in urgent cases only, for medical supplies, and all persons shall be prohibited from using them, or requiring them to be used, for any other purpose. It shall be the duty of the officers of the ambulance corps to report to the commander of the army corps any violation of the provisions of this section, or any attempt to violate the same. And any officer who shall use an ambulance or require it to be used for any other purpose than as provided in this section shall, for the first offense, be publicly reprimanded by the commander of the army corps in which he may be serving, and for the second offense shall be dismissed from the service.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted. That no person except the proper medical officers, or the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the ambulance corps, or such person as may be specially assigned, by competent military authority, to do duty with the ambulance corps for the occasion, shall be permitted to take or accompany sick or wounded men to the rear, either on the march or upon of the field of battle.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted. That the officers, non- commissioned officers, such manner as the Secretary of War shall deem proper; Provided, That officers and men may be relieved from service in said corps and others detailed to the same, subject to the examination provided in the second section of this act, in the discretion of the commanders of the armies in which they may be serving.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the commander of the army corps to transmit to the Adjutant- General the names and rank of all officers and enlisted men detailed for service in the ambulance corps of such army corps, stating the organizations from which they may have been so detailed; and if such officers and men belong to volunteer organizations, the Adjutant-General shall thereupon notify the Governors of the several States in which such organizations were raised of their detail for such service; and it shall be the duty of the commander of the army corps to report to the Adjutant-General, from time to time, the conduct and behavior of the officers and enlisted men of the ambulance corps, and the Adjutant-General shall forward copies of such reports, so far as they relate to officers and enlisted men of volunteer organizations, to the Governors of the States in which such organizations were raised.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted. That nothing in this act shall be construed to diminish or impair the rightful authority of the commanders of armies, army corps, or separate detachments, over the medical and other officers and the noncommissioned officers and privates of their respective commands.

Approved March 11, 1864.

By order of Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., March 16, 1864-3 a. m. (Received 10.40 a. m.)

President LINCOLN:

We came to Frankfort to-night in fear of trouble. We have spent the night with the Governor. Heard his proclamation, which will be

