
published to-morrow. It has the national ring. Kentucky will do her duty to the Nation. There need be no fears about the enrollment in his State. The law will be obeyed.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Kentucky.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 24. Washington, March 17, 1864.

So much of paragraph 5 of General Orders, Numbers 376, of 1863, form this office, as orders the assignment of men not re- enlisting as veteran volunteers to duty in other companies and regiments until the expiration of their term of service is revoked; and all enlisted men assigned or transferred to other companies or regiments under this provision will be returned to their original companies or regiments and once, if in the field, or in case the regiment is on furlough, as soon as it returns.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, March 17, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Only eight counties heard from; they give 3,556 votes, only 137 votes against constitution. We feel sure of 10,000 when the other counties are hear d from and soldiers" vote obtained. Guerrillas immense efforts to hinder the election. The people are full of enthusiasm, but much alarmed. Will you give them assurance of the energetic protection of the Government?

Praise be to God!

ISAAC MURHY,

Provisional Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 111. Washington, March 18, 1864.

The name of the organization authorized by General Orders, Numbers 105, War Department, 1863, as an "Invalid Corps," is hereby changed to that of "Veteran Reserve Corps." All orders relating to the Invalid Corps will remain in force, as at present, with respect to the Veteran Reserve Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 25. Washington, March 18, 1864.

The following regulations are published concerning the payment of bounties, &amp;c., for the information and gaudiness of all concerned:

I. To persons deputized by the Provost-Marshal-General to arrest deserters and procure recruits, who shall deliver to the proper authority a deserter from the Army of the United States, including deserters

