
within thirty days after the tax list and schedule shall have been placed in this hands; and he shall forthwith report to the Board whether there are in the districts of his parish any buildings available and suitable for school-houses, and shall at all times, when required, assist by his authority the Board in carrying out the spirit of this order.

The taxes, when collected, shall be forthwith deposited in the First National Bank of New Orleans, subject only to the order of the whole Board, who shall make a monthly exhibit of accounts and report of their doings to the commanding general.

9. In the performance of all their duties the Board shall co- operate as far as practicable wit the superintendent of public education, recently elected.

10. The current school year shall be estimated from February 1, 1864, to February 1, 1865.

11. The following officers and citizens are appointed upon this Board, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Colonel H. N. Frishie, Twenty-second Infantry, Corps d"Afrique.

Lieutenant E. M. Wheelock, Fourth Infantry, Corps d"Afrique.

Isaac G. Hubbs, New Orleans.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., March 22, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the Untied States:

More than 8,000 votes reported; the entire vote will exceed 10,000. The people have been enthusiastic in view of the protection of law, voting in imminent risk of loss of life and property, the guerrillas having threatened to hand every one that went to the polls. Should the army leave the line of the Arkansas unprotected terror would prevail the State.

Will the Government accept of two regiments of artillery (one black) and a regiment of cavalry, armed for pursuit guerrillas? The swamps and mountains are full of armed rebels waiting for the movement of the army, to pounce upon unprotected points and cut off communication.

A few more regiments here would give confidence to the people and a forward movement could be made with safety. As it is, the risk is great; all may be lost that has been gained by the election. We need arms to arm the loyal. They will be organized soon.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Provisional Governor.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Washington, March 23, 1864.

The following opinion of the Honorable William Whiting, Solicitor of the War Department, is published for the information and guidance of all officers of this Bureau:

In regard to credits on the quotas of wards, towns, &amp;c., of persons enlisting into the naval service or Marine Corps of the United States. (Section 9,act of Congress, approved February 24, 1864, amendatory of the enrollment act.)

Opinion.-Of these persons who, since the 24th of February, 1864, shall have entered the naval service or Marine Corps of the United States, some are, and others are not, by law, to be credited to the quotas of towns, wards, &c.

