
candidates for promotion in the colored regiments for assistants in recruiting, we shall succeed well.

I object to General Thomas" order (Numbers 8) of March 11, 1864.

First. Because it overthrown an exiting system which is well organized and supported for other purposes and adds expense but not increased efficiently.

Second. It will require more officer than can be speared form the department to put in operation.

Third. It directs the department commander to detail such officers and men as General Pile may desire. Such a sweeping order puts the department commander under the control of General Pile, and could not be executed without serious detriment to the interests of the service, if at all.

Fourth. I am well satisfied that the carrying out of General Thomas" order at this time will endanger the public peace and be a fruitful source of disorder and violence.

Awaiting your decision in this matter, I am, very respectfully yours,

W. S. RESACRANS,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 5, 1864.

The recommendation of Major-General Rosecrans is approved, and recruiting for the colored regiments in Missouri will be reinstated upon the basis established by General Schofield.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major General W. S. Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo., and attention invited to the indorsement hereon of Brigadier-General Canby, assistant adjutant-general.

By order:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to your inquiry, "what bounty, if any, and Missouri State Militia, or recruits for the same, are entitled to, who have been mustered into the U. S. service for three years, unless sooner discharged (under provisions contained in General Orders, Numbers 96, of 1861, from the Adjutant-General's Office), " I have the honor to reply that the force referred to were a body of State militia raised by the Governor of Missouri, by authority of the general orders above referred to, to serve during the war, to co-operate with the troops in the service

