
shall, during their term of service, be entitled to the same pay, rations, and allowances for clothing as are may be established by law for the Army of the United States; but not provision is made for payment of any service bounty, and we must infer that it was designedly omitted.

The general order (Numbers 96) under which the body of Missouri forces referred to was raised, states that these State forces shall s be armed, equipped, clothed, subsisted, transported, and paid in accordance with the Regulations of the Army and such orders as may be issued form the War Department, and in no other manner; and nothing is said of a service bounty,and no regulation of the Army or special order of this Department is known to exist giving to these troops a bounty of that description.

A distraction is clearly made in the statues between regular and volunteers forces enlisted directly into the service of the United States under the special acts and militia of the several States temporarily called into service by the President.

Thus, in the statute passed February 7, 1863, chapter 23 (which gives authority to the Governor of Kentucky to raise in that State a volunteer force to be employed within the limits of Kentucky), the fourth section provides that these troops shall be mustered into service, and be placed on the same footing as other volunteers in the service of the Untied States as to pay, subsistence, cher emoluments,except bounty, for and during the time they amy be in actual service.

It may reaosed that Congress intended to give to the militia of Kentucky raised under this act as liberal rewards for patriotic services as to the militia of Missouri. Neither are entitled and to the enlistment bounty or to the service bounty under the statutes and general orders above cited.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WHITING,

Solicitor of the War Department.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 31, 1864.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 119. Washington, March 24, 1864.

I. In order to remedy existing evils in the waste and destruction of cavalry horses, a board of three officers will be appointed by the War Department to make thorough inspections of the mounted troops in each army in the field, and to report to the adjutant-general of the armies such regiments and companies as, for want of discipline and neglect and waste of their horses, ought to be dismounted or broken up, and transferred to other organizations from the same State. Where regiments or companies are broken upon the officers will be mustered out of service.

II. Authority is hereby given to commanding generals of armies and military departments to dismount and transfer to infantry regi-

