
ments from the same State any mounted man whose horse is, through his own fault and neglect, rendered unfit for service, the regiment to which he is transferred furnishing a proper substitute.

III. In addition to such transfers being noted on the next muster-roll thereafter, they shall be immediately reported to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 120. Washington, March 24, 1864.

RULES FOR PAYMENT OF CLAIMS IN DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI.

The following rules are adopted for the payment of claims arising under act of Congress of March 25, 1862, for "pay, bounty, and pensions due the officers and men actually employed in the Western Department, or Department of Missouri," examined by the Commission appointed under General Orders, Numbers 64, of 1863:

1. Such claims shall be settled at Saint Louis, by an officer of the Pay Department of the Army, to be especially designated for that duty, assisted by Major Sherman, additional paymaster; and they shall be paid by no other officer and nowhere else.

2. The officer so designated shall be furnished with a certified list of all the claims passed by said Commission, showing the amounts allowed for pay and bounty in each case, the dates between which the services were rendered, the military rank in which the claimant served, the name of the person in whose favor the claim is allowed, and any other information that may be necessary for use in setting such claims.

3. All claims shall be settled and payment made only to the claimant himself, if living, or to his regularly authorized agent or attorney, appointed specially to receive payment, and by a power of attorney executed since the claim was allowed by the commission.

4. Each claim presented for payment shall be accompanied by the original order or decision of the Commission furnished the claimant and notifying him that his claim had been allowed, which order, &amp;c., shall be retained by the paymaster and filed in his vouchers.

5. The receipts to be given shall be, in the case of commissioned officers, the ordinary officers" pay-rolls; and in case of enlisted men, their receipts on the form of receipts used for discharged soldiers.

6. Claims for pensions cannot be settled under the orders of the War Department, but must be submitted to the Secretary of the Interior, to be entered on the regular pension-lists.

7. A list of all the claims allowed by the Commission will be furnished may not already have been paid by paymasters, and yet again submitted to the Commission.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

