
Lookout, Md., to serve for three years or during the war. The recruitment, muster, and organization must conform to the requirements of the Mustering Regulations of the Army. All appointments of officers will be make by the War Department upon your recommendation. Arms and other supplies will be furnished by the proper supply departments upon your requisition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, STATE OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., March 24, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Touching your telegram of yesterday on the trouble in enrolling negroes, I have to state that I have no fear, and never have had, of the completion of the enrollment; the only question was in regard to the time set. This short limit of time encouraged such as were indisposed to the work to assume that they could it entirely, but they have gotten over that feeling generally by this time, being well assured that with time the work could and would be done peaceably or forcibly. I think that things are now in fair progress, though of course difficulty occasionally occur as in every other business.

The general sense of the State is opposed to Colonel Wolford's course, and the unwilling, including rebels concealed or open and other mischief-makers, begin to find that they can make no head against the execution of the law. Yesterday I received a report that a deputy and two enrolling officers were threatened and put to flight in Cumberland County by drunken (and other) citizens and soldiers of a regiment stationed there, and the colonel of the regiment refused to give the necessary aid. I conferred with General Burbridge, who promptly brought the colonel to terms, and to-day informs me he will do his whole duty, and the provost- marshal of Third District telegraphs me to the same effect. Other circumstances of like nature occur from time and involve some delay, but that is all.

I think that the dismissal of Colonel Wolford would serve a good purpose in tranquilizing the State as indicated to others that they Government is omnipotent in enforcing its laws.

The provost-marshals and deputies do visit the troublesome localities and provide against contingencies, and I cannot doubt that the work will be soon completed.

In the First District, a part of which is in the Department of the Tennessee, there is some difficulty in getting the necessary force of the proper kind, viz, mounted men. As this part of the district is also subject to guerrilla interference, the force os more than usually necessary. General Reid, commanding District of Cairo, in that department, writes me that he has no proper force, and I think that the commanding general of the department should be directed from Washington to provide the force for him, say two companies of good mounted men. Each of the other provost-marshals has or should have, as the order has been issued, a mounted company at this disposal.

I have in some cases been asked by the provost-marshals if they could use the military directly in enrolling. I have considered it

