
inexpedient and have not sanctioned it on the ground that small squads roaming from house to house would induce collisions which might grow and enlarge to be conflicts. I consider that the moral effect of a knowledge that a sufficient force is close at hand to aid an officer when he calls for aid is more potent than the exhibition of squads.

I doubt if anything more can be done than is now doing to insure or to expedite the completion of the work.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13. Washington, March 25, 1864.

In accordance with "A resolution relative to the transfer of persons in the military service to the naval service," approved February 24, 1864, provost-marshals, in addition to their other duties, will recruit for the naval service and the Marine Corps.

The following regulations are published for their guidance in the performance of this duty, viz:

1. Upon the application of any person to be enlisted in the naval service, the provost-marshal shall cause such person to be physically examined by the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment, and if such applicant pass the examination prescribed for drafted men and volunteers, he shall be sent to the nearest naval rendezvous with a descriptive list and letter of transmittal to the commanding officer thereof, stating the name of the recruit and the sub-district to which he is to be credited. When the man shall have presented himself at the naval rendezvous and been examined, the commanding officer will notify the provost-marshal that the person has been received or rejected.

2. When any person between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five, and not less than five feet four inches high (veteran soldiers that have served one full enlistment and are of robust health may be taken at forty years of age), applies to be enlisted in the Marine Corps, the provost-marshal shall cause such person to be physically examined by the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment, and if such applicant pass the examination prescribed for drafted men and volunteers, he shall be sent to the nearest recruiting rendezvous for the Marine Corps with a descriptive list and letter of transmittal to the recruiting officer thereat, stating the name of the recruit and the sub-district to which he is to be credited. When the man shall have presented himself at the rendezvous and been examined, the marine recruiting officer will notify the provost-marshal that the person has been received or rejected.

3. Separate abstracts and accounts for subsisting and lodging and for transportation of these persons to the rendezvous will be kept by provost-marshals and will be sent at the end of every month direct to the Provost-Marshal-General.

4. Able or ordinary seamen enlisted into the naval service receive an advance of three months" pay as bounty, to be refunded from any prize money to which they may be entitled. This advance bounty will be paid by the naval officers. Recruits enlisting in the Marine Corps do not receive advance pay or bounty from United States, but are entitled to prize money. Men for the naval service or marine Corps are credited on the quotas for draft the same as men for the Army.

