
5. The rendezvous established for the naval service are as follows, viz: Portsmouth, N. H.; Boston, Mass.; New York, N. Y.; Philadelphia, Pa.; Baltimore, Md.; Washington, D. C.; Erie, Pa.; Cincinnati, Ohio; Chicago, Ill., and Cairo, Ill.

6. The rendezvous established for the Marine Corps are as follows, viz: Portsmouth, N. H., navy-yard; Boston, Mass., navy- yard; Brooklyn, L. I., navy-yard; Philadelphia, Pa., navy-yard; Baltimore, Md., receiving ship Alleghany; Cairo, Ill., navy-yard, and Washington, D. C., marine barracks.

7. Provost-marshals will give proper publicity by short advertisements to the subject of recruiting for the Navy and Marine Corps, and will send the bills therefor direct to the provost-Marshal-General.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, Numbers 23. New York City, March 25, 1864.

The attention of the commanding general has been called to the fact that the county of Richmond, N. Y., the town of West Farms, Westchester County, N. Y., and several other towns within the limits of this department, have made provisions for a bounty of $300 and upward, to be paid to persons enlisting in the military service of the United States, and that the corporate authorities of said counties and towns have provided that at least $100 shall be paid to the recruit, leaving the disposition to be made of the balance ($200 or upward, as the case may be) undefined and to be bargained for by the recruit and the bounty broker, usually with fraudulent representations on the part of the latter. The result is that the person presenting the recruit for enlistment gets, in many cases, $200 or more, and the recruit only $100.

As numerous deceptions and frauds on the recruits necessarily occur, and are daily occurring, under such an arrangement; as it is an outrage to the tax-payers, who intend that the money lived upon their property shall go to the recruit who perils his life for his country, and not to the bounty runner who stays at home, and to whom the United States pays a liberal and fixed compensation for his trouble in procuring the recruit, the commanding general hereby orders that all provost-marshals and enlisting officers shall refuse to enlist in behalf of any county or town making such or similar indefinite provision as is hereinbefore referred to, unless such provost-marshal or enlisting officer shall be convinced that such recruit has actually received the full amount of the bounty raised in such county or town, and such recruit will not be allowed to part any portion of his said bounty to any person for any pretended services in enlisting him or any pretended service to him after his enlistment, even though an agreement be shown; such agreements being almost always fraudulent, without consideration, and contrary to public policy.

It is the unalterable determination of the commanding general of the department to protect recruits from the frauds practiced upon them, and to punish the offenders if he can reach them, being fully convinced that nothing can be more discouraging to enlistments, or more disreputable to the community, than the depredations which have recently been committed upon persons enlisting into the military service.

