
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 125. Washington, March 29, 1864.

Furloughs, not to exceed thirty days in each case, to the non- commissioned officers and privates of the Army who may desire to enter the free military school at Philadelphia, may be granted by the commanders of armies and departments when the character, conduct, and capacity of the applicants are such as to warrant their immediate and superior commanders in recommending them for commissioned appointments in the regiments of colored troops.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 127. Washington, March 29, 1864.

I. Medical directors of departments will establish a general hospital reception and treatment os sick and wounded officers, but no expenditures for the construction of new hospitals for this purpose will be incurred without special authority. They will detail a surgeon-incharge, who will make requisitions upon the medical purveyor for medicines, hospital stores, furniture, &amp;c., according to the standard supply table of the Medical Department, and will hire the nurses, cooks, and laundresses required. Hospital stewards assigned to officer's general hospitals will be paid on the regular muster and pay rolls.

II. On the recommendation of the medical director of the department, a commissioned medical officer will be detailed to act permanently as treasurer for each officers" general hospital, who shall not be removed without sufficient cause. The treasurer shall have the custody of the funds of the hospital, and shall perform such duties in relation to collecting, disbursing, and accounting for the same, and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Surgeon-General.

III. On the last day of each calendar month, and immediately on leaving the hospital, by return to duty, furlough, or otherwise, each officer shall pay to the treasurer the sum of $1 for each and every day he has been in the hospital, and for which he has not already paid as herein provided. When an officer has employed a special attendant, he shall pay 30 cents a day additional for each day such attendant was subsisted in the hospital. Company officers of volunteers, while in such officers" general hospital, shall be considered as "on detached service without troops," for the purpose of drawing their pay and settling their indebtedness to the hospital, and may be paid on separate pay accounts instead of the muster and pay rolls.

IV. When an officer is not provided with money, and is unable to obtain it, he will give a certificate of indebtedness, in triplicate, to the treasurer of the hospital, in such form as shall be prescribed by the Surgeon-General, for the amount due from him to the hospital. The treasurer shall immediately forward, for stoppage, two copies of the certificate to the chief paymaster of the pay district in which the hospital may be located, retaining the remaining copy for his own reference and security. When an officer is discharged from the hospital to return to a regiment serving beyond the limits of the pay district in which such hospital is located, the treasurer shall forward the certificates of indebtedness which the officer may have given to

