
order that upon the final settlement of the officer's accounts the amount of his indebtedness may be deducted from any pay due home and remitted to the treasurer of the hospital.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 41. Alexandria, La., March 29, 1864.

I. In accordance with the provisions of General orders, Numbers 35, issued at headquarters Department of the Gulf, march 11, 1864, elections will be held the 2nd of April, at 9 a. m., at Opelousas for the election of three delegates to represent the parish of Saint Landry; at Marksville, for election of two delegates to represent the parish of Avoyelles; at Harrisonburg, for the election of four delegates to represent the parish of Catahoula; at Alexandria, for the election of four delegates to represent the parish of Rapides, in the convention to be held in the city of New Orleans on the 6th day of April, 1864, for the revision and amendment of the constitution of the State of Louisiana.

II. Every free white male twenty-one years of age who has been a resident of the State twelve months, and six months in the parish in which he offers to vote, who is a citizen of the United States, and who shall have taken the oath prescribed by the President in his proclamation of the 8th of December, 1863,* shall have the right to vote in the election of delegates.

III. Citizens of the State who have been expelled from their homes by the public enemy on account of their devotion to the Union, and who would be qualified voters in the parishes to which they belong, will be allowed to vote for delegates in the election precincts in which, for the time being, they may reside.

IV. A. Casabat, N. Taylor, H. T. Burgess and --- --- are hereby appointed commissioners of election for the parish of Rapides; M. B. Wells, R. W. Talafiero, C. A. Hooper, and --- Hawkins, for the parish of Catahoula; N. Jenkins, J. J. Beauchamp, and Jonas wales, for the parish of Saint Landry; T. J. Edwards and W. Masters, for the parish of Avoyelles; and will make all necessary arrangements for the opening and closing of the polls, and return of the votes given to the secretary of state, as provided in the election of members in the General Assembly.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., March 29, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Prov. March General of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to request you to instruct the officers of your department in the State of West Virginia to enlist into the service of the United States for three years or

---------------

* See Series II, Vol. VI, P. 680.

---------------

14 R R - SERIES III, VOL IV

