
waiting to know what Congress will do after tinkering with affairs of the War Department.

If bounties and premiums are continued, recruiting will revive. Some good has been accomplished by a few Democratic papers pitching into me, for in doing this they had to insist there was danger of a draft which they had refused to do before.

Each county now insists upon knowing precisely where they stand. Concealment will not answer longer. Although the State has filled her quota (as I have no doubt), yet without a fear of a draft, but with continuance of bounties and premiums, we can do considerable before April.

I am most willing to do all I can to help, or equally willing to stand back and retire from a field of labor full of trials, and which in 1861 I left the bench to enter.

As soon as a definite policy is adopted by Congress concerning the recruiting service I will take the liberty of submitting, by way of suggestion (for State authorities are only allowed that privilege), some modifications of present regulations, which I think it would be well to adopt in this State.

In the meantime I trust you will not fail to furnish the information asked for, and which I respectfully insist the State is entitled to.

I remain, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

ALLEN C. FULLER.

P. S.- I might add that I have submitted the foregoing to Governor Yates, who authorizes me to add that in a few days he or myself, or both of us, will leave for the field to urge the re- enlistment of our old regiments, and we feel authorized to assure you, from information in our possession, that in case the bounties and premiums are extended by Congress to veterans tha our old regiments will generally re-enlist.

A. C. FULLER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, January 10, 1864.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

The Senate has not yet passed the bill extending the time for the payment of bounties. It is expected the bill will pass to-morrow. Until it does pass the Department cannot give any authority for paying beyond the 5th of January, the period limited by law.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 16. Washington, January 11, 1864.

So much of General Orders, No. 163, of 1863, and of all subsequent orders, as authorizes the payment of a premium of $2 to or for accepted recruits for volunteer organizations, is hereby annulled; and no payments of this premium to veteran volunteers or to recruits for volunteer organizations will in future be made.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

