
during the war all colored persons of suitable age and condition who may offer themselves for enlistment. After enlistment they will be assigned to the Forty-fifth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops and sent to Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Oakman, Thirtieth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, at Clarksburg, Va.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 29, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Loyal slave-holders willing to abide by the law, or to allow their slaves to volunteer, complain that they run off in great numbers for Canada to escape military service. Can any check be applied under the law to prevent this? Answer by telegraph immediately.

W. M. SIDELL,

Major and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

Shown to Secretary March 31. File.

J. B. F.

[MARCH 30, 1864.- For General Orders, Numbers 128, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, promulgating the President's proclamation of March 26, 1864, defining the cases in which insurgent enemies are entitled to the benefits of the proclamation of December 8, 1863, see Series II, Vol. VI, p. 1113.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 30, 1864.

Governor MURPHY,

Little Rock, Ark.:

Your telegram to the President of the 27th [26th] instant has ben referred to this Department. Three hundred dollars bounty is not payable to new recruits after the 1st of April. In respect to funds for organizing the State government, examination has been directed as to whether any advance can be made out of existing appropriations, and the result will be communicated to you in a few days. Your communications on these subject be addressed to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NATCHEZ, MISS., March 30, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your letter of the 11th instant* at this place, which will account for your not receiving an answer by your bearer of dispatches. I thank you very kindly for it. I regret exceedingly that I did not see you on my way down the river, as I wished to have a full conversation respecting the President's orders

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XXXII, Part III, p. 56.

---------------

