
only in this State. I am more than ever convinced that such a regiment would very soon be filled, and would be of great service in bringing the State back to its allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES, IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

April 4, 1864.

On motion of Mr. Arnold:

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to furnish to this House, if not incompatible with the public interest, a statement of the number of men called into the military service of the United States since March, 1861, the quota of each State under each call, the number furnished, and also the number tendered under each call, the length of time for which they were accepted, what State or States furnished and excess over its quota, and how many; also what State or States did not furnish its quota, and the number deficient.

Attest.

EDW. McPHERSON,

Clerk.

J. CLINTON LOYD,

Chief Clerk.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 138. Washington, April 4, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC - Numbers 36. AN ACT making appropriations for the support of the Military Academy for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the Military Academy for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five:

For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians, one hundred and seventeen thousand one hundred and seventy-six dollars.

For communication of subsistence, four thousand one hundred and sixty-one dollars.

For pay in lieu of clothing to officers" servants, sixty dollars.

For current and ordinary expenses, as follows: Repairs and improvements, fuel, and apparatus, forage, postage, telegrams, stationery, transportation, printing, clerks, miscellaneous and incidental expenses, and department if instruction, forty-one thousand two hundred and eighty dollars.

For gradual increase and expense of library, one thousand dollars.

For expenses of the Board of Visitors, four thousands dollars.

For forage for artillery and cavalry horses, eight thousand six hundred and forty dollars.

For supplying horses for artillery and cavalry exercise, one thousand dollars.

For repairs of officers" quarters, one thousand five hundred dollars.

For targets and batteries for artillery exercise, one thousand dollars.

For furniture for hospital for cadets, including fixed washtubs, hot and cold water bath apparatus and water-clothes, one thousand dollars.

For annual repairs of gas pipes an retorts, three hundred dollars.

For warming apparatus for barracks, fifteen thousand dollars.

