
For rebuilding public wharf and opening approach to the same from the south six thousand dollars.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the thirty-fifth section of the act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall not be deemed hereafter to prohibit the payment to enlisted men employed at the Military Academy of the extra-duty pay heretofore allowed by law to enlisted men when employed at constant labor for not less than ten days continuously.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, the annual pay of cadets at the Military Academy at West Point shall be the same as that allowed to midshipmen at the naval Academy, and the amount necessary for that purpose is hereby appropriated.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That cadets found deficient at any examination shall not be continued at the Military Academy, or be reappointed except upon the recommendation of the Academic Board.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That no part of the money hereby appropriated shall be applied to the support or pay of any cadet hereafter appointed not in conformity with the expressed provisions of law regulating appointments of cadets at that Academy.

Approved April 1, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 32. Washington, April 4, 1864.

The discharge and final statements for pay of all men forwarded to naval stations for enlistment in the Navy in obedience to General Orders, Nos. 91 and 123, should be made out by the proper officers and put in the hands of the officer who conducts the men to the naval station. The Paymaster-General will designate an officer of his department who will pay at each naval station all the transferred men who may be accepted by the naval authorities everything due them from the Army up to the date of their discharge by transfer to the Navy. The discharge papers of such men as are sent back to their companies because they are not accepted by the Navy will be canceled.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEMD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS Numbers 16.] NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 4, 1864.

All troops of African descent in the Department of the Gulf will hereafter be designated as regiment of U. S. cavalry, heavy artillery, light artillery, of infantry (colored). Such regiments as may hereafter be put in progress of organization will be report to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, at Vicksburg, Miss., in order that they may receive their proper numbers.

CAVALRY.

First Cavalry, Corps d"Afrique, as the Fourth.

HEAVY ARTILLERY.

First Regiment Heavy Artillery, Corps d"Afrique, as the Seventh.

First and Second Battalion, Fourteenth Regiment Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, Corps d"Afrique, as the Eighth.

