
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 6, 1864.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, suggesting that 1,000 seamen may be transferred from the command of Major-General Gilmore to the South Atlantic Squadron, to be credited to the 12,000 to be transferred from the Army to the Navy, and in reply to inform you that the order has been issued in conformity therewith, which will be telegraphed to New York, to be sent by the regular steamer, which leaves to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 33. Washington, April 6, 1864.

1. So much of War Department General Orders, Numbers 105, of 1863, as forbids the "discharge of any man upon surgeon's certificate of disability who may be fit for service in the Veteran Reserve Corps" is so far modified as not to include enlisted men who have less than six months to serve.

2. Enlisted men transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps who may have served more than two years, and who desire to re-enlist in that corps for three years, may do so, and will be paid the bounty for former service, as provided by existing orders of the War Department. Furloughs not exceeding thirty days may be granted to men re-enlisting in the Veteran Reserve Corps, at the discretion of the proper commanding officers. Men who enlist or re-enlist in the Veteran Reserve Corps will be credited the same as other troops, but are not entitled to any bounty or premium from the United States for such re-enlistment.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 140. Washington, April 6, 1864.

* * * * * * *

18. In addition to his duties as commander of the District of Kentucky, Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge, U. S. Volunteers, is charged, under the direction of the proper bureaus of this Department, with a general superintendence of the execution of the acts of Congress for raising troops in Kentucky by voluntary enlistment and by drafting. The assistant to the provost-marshal- general of the State will continue in the performance of the duties heretofore assigned him, but will receive from General Burbridge such orders as the latter may deem necessary to secure the most prompt and faithful execution of the laws in question.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

