HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, January 11, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: Being instructed by the President to take such measures in this State as would result in the restoration of Louisiana to the Union as a free State, I have issued an order, a copy of which is inclosed, which I am confident will receive the support of all classes of the people, and result in accomplishing the wishes of the Presided "in the shortest possible time." It opens the way for a gradual restoration of power to the people, but retains in the hands of the commanding general the same control as at present in all matters affecting the Government of the United States until the government is completely established.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

They have been received too late to be forwarded by this mail.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, you obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Similar letter to Major General H. W. Halleck.)

[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, January 11, 1864.

TO THE PEOPLE OF LOUISIANA:

I. In pursuance of authority vested in me by the President of the United States, and upon consultation with many representative men of different interest, being fully assured that more than a tenth of the population desire the earliest possible restoration of Louisiana to the Union, I invite the loyal citizens of the State qualified to vote in public affairs, as hereinafter prescribed, to assemble in the election precincts designated by law, or at such places as may hereafter be established, on the 22nd lay of February, 1864, to cast their votes for the election of State officers herein names, viz: Governor, lieutenant governor, secretary of state, treasurer, attorney-general, superintendent of public instruction, auditor of public accounts, who shall, when elected, for the time being,and until others are appointed by competent authority, constitute the civil government of the State, under the constitution and laws of Louisiana, except so much of the said constitution and laws as recognize, regulate, or relate to slavery, which, being inconsistent with the present condition of public affairs and plainly inapplicable to any class of persons now existing within its limits, must be suspended, and they are therefore and hereby declared to be inoperative and void. This proceeding is not intended to ignore the right of property existing prior to the rebellion, nor to preclude the claim for compensation of loyal citizens for losses sustained by enlistments or other authorized acts of the Government.

II. The oath of allegiance prescribed by the President's proclamation, with the condition affixed to the elective franchise by the constitution

