
other$5. Hence the great number of desertion in this department. The black soldiers deserted by the score because their families y shot two men, but that did not stop desertion. Congress can stop it by giving the balck soldier enough to support his family. "But," you may say to me, "you got recruits in Maryland at $7 a month." Yes; but the family was left provided for my the master, and where it could be found again, and where the slavery was mild. None of these conditions exist here. Land bounty and euqual pay; these being granted I am ready to go to work. The first demand I make of material os four stern-wheel, low pressure, light-draft steam-boats, such as are used on the New England rivers, of staunch build, staunch enough to bear an armament of a 20-pounder Parrot and one howitzer, for grape and canister. The draft should exceed four feet. As the mean beinght of the tide here is six and one-half feet, would not be much danger of running aground. The boats could always be floated off at high tide. These boats would be used as patrols and to protect landings and embarkations. For transporting troops I should want stern-wheel (or side-wheel would do) steam-boats, of fight draft and easy turning to the rudder, protected by iron sheeting from musket shots. Protection from artillery I do not regard as possible, being not consistent with the necessary light draft. For that we should depend on the vigilance of our gun-boats and the precision of their fire. The boats like these there are several hundred miles of coast exposed between Charleston and Fernandina. The begroes are now thick on the rice plantations, because we have not raided for a long time. It has been two years since any advance in force was made on the mainland, and the planters are reassured. If these desultory remarks strike you favorably, I will elaborate my views and send them to you. The field here is black for the harvest, and I wish to be in with my sickle.

Very truly, yours,

WM. BIRNEY.

I am much pleased with Major-General Gillmore, but have not had the opportunity of becoming well acquainted with him. He is at Hilton Head, twelve miles from this place.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 158. Washington, April 13, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC - Numbers 44. AN ACT to amend section nine of the act approved July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to define the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and for other purpose."

Be it enacted by the Senate and House Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the rank of chaplain, without command, in the regular and volunteer service of the United States, is hereby recognized. Chaplains shall be borne on the field and staff next after the surgeons, and shall wear such uniform as is or may be prescribed by the Army Regulations, and shall be subject to the same rules and regulations as other officers of the Army. They shall be entitled to draw forage for two horses, and when assigned to hospitals, posts, and forts, they shall be entitled to quarters and fuel within the hospitals, posts, or forts, while they are so assigned, without the privilege of communication, subject to the same conditions and limitations as are now by law provided in the save of surgeons. When absent from duty with leave, or on account of sickness or other disability, or when held by the enemy nas prisoners,

