
they shall be subjected to no other diminution or loss of pay and allowances than other officers in the military service are under like circumstances. And chaplains who have been absent from duty by reason of wounds or sickness, or when held as prisoners in the hands of the enemy, shall be entitled to receive full pay, without rations, during such absence. In all other respects the pay of chaplains shall be the same as now provided by law.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the act approved July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to grant pensions," is hereby so amended as to include chaplains is the regular and volunteer forces of the Army: Provided, That the pension to which a chaplain shall be entitled for a total disability shall be twenty dollars per month, and all the provisions of the act to which this section is an amendment shall apply to and embrace the windows, children, mothers, and sisters of chaplains of the land forces who have died since the fourths day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or shall die, of wounds or disease contracted in the service of the United States, and while such chaplains are, or shall be, in the line of their duty.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That is shall be the duty of chaplains in the military service of the United States to make monthly reports to the Adjutant-General of the Army, through the usual military channels, of the moral condition and general history of the regiments, hospitals, or posts to which they may be attached; and it shall be the duty of all commanders of regiments, hospitals, and posts, to render such facilities as will aid in the discharge of the duties assigned to them by the Government.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That all chaplains in the military service of the United States shall hold appropriate religious services at the burial of soldiers who may die in the command to which they are assigned to duty, and it shall be their duty to hold public religious services at least once each Sabbath, when practicable.

Approved April 9, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES A. EKIN,

Chief of Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will at once proceed in person to the various points where horses are being purchased, either in open market or by contract, for the use of the troops belonging to the Eastern armies, visiting, first, the places where the largest number are reported to be serviceable, and will devote your personal energies to expediting the sending forward of the necessary animals. You will cause arrangements to be made for buying in open market at any points not yet visited by the agents of the Cavalry Bureau, where you may find it practicable to procure horses, reporting such points instantly to this Department, and keeping it advised of the state of the supply at all places of purchase, and of the number of horses forwarded either to the depot at Giesborough, Annapolis, Fortress Monroe, or the Department of west Virginia.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The telegram to Colonel Baker, requiring transfer of horses of new cavalry regimens to mount one of them, will lose to the men from $10

