
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 14, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF ILLINOIS,

Springfield, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from Colonel Loomis, aide-de-camp, asking for a statement of the exact quotas and credits under each call for troops from Illinois from the 15th day of April, 1861, to the present date.

In reply I am directed to inform you that the information in part, as requested, was furnished by statement from this office of date June 11, 1863, and that since that date no general statement of the character asked for has been prepared for any States. The quotas assigned and credits made have, however, been duly communicated as per letters of various dates from this office and that of the Provost-Marshal-General. The latter officer has communicated the quotas fixed since March 3, 1863, the date of the enrollment act. It is therefore seen that the information desired is already on file in the office of the adjutant-general of the State. With the present pressure of business upon the Department it is not practicable to communicate the information under the special form, as requested by Your Excellency.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 14, 1864.

Major General M. P. BANKS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, giving your reasons for organizing certain colored regiments in your department on a different basis from that prescribed by existing regulations, and am directed to say that your action is approved. It is hoped, however, that the exigencies of the service will permit you to fill these regiments to the maximum before commencing new organizations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 14, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF MARYLAND,

Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: Upon the application made by Mr. Alexander and Colonel Simpson, the latter, late of the Ninth Regiment Maryland (six- months") Volunteers, forwarded to the department with your indorsements, you are hereby authorized to organize two regiment of volunteer infantry to serve for three years or the war. The recruitment and organization to be complete thirty days after the receipt of this authority by you. The recruitment, organization, and musters of the regiments will be governed by the existing regulations of the department, with the condition that of the regiments are not completed within the time specified the men enlisted for them will be transferee to or among any other organized Maryland regiment, or regiments, without claim

