
no one will be permitted to recruit or enlist such slaves or free colored persons save such provost-marshals, deputy provost- marshals, and authorized agents.

2. As soon as enlisted the recruit will be at once forwarded to the provost-marshal of the district for muster into the service of the United States; and as soon as mustered and squads of such recruits are collected they will be at once forwarded to the general rendezvous at Louisville; thence forwarded by the commandant of the rendezvous to the nearest rendezvous or camp instruction outside of the State, for the purpose of being equipped and assigned to companies and regiments.

3. It shall be the duty of the provost-marshal, whenever he accepts and musters into the U. S. service a slave belonging to a citizen of the State, to give the citizen such certificate of the fact, in duplicate, as will enable him to receive from the Government the compensation authorized by law for such recruits.

IV. Any person who may be found recruiting, enlisting, or attempting to recruit any negro slave or free colored person in this State who is not, under the provisions of hire order, authorized to do so, will be arrested and forwarded to there headquarters; and all officers serving in this district are charged with the enforcement of this order.

V. Camps for instructions and drill of colored volunteers within this district are interacted, and recruits will, in all cases, be forwarded as herein directed with all practicable dispatch.

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

The first four paragraphs of the within order are approved, and as the recruits are to be removed from Kentucky the fifth paragraph is superfluous.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CLEVELAND, April 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If you will authorize me to call out, under orders of General Heintzelman, one regiment of volunteer militia, who are armed and equipped for guard duty nat Johnson's Island, you can take the two veteran regiments down there to the front. My regiment can be out in twenty hours" notice. Will you give the authority? Answer to-day, as I leave here in morning.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 18, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Cleveland:

You are authorized to call out one regiment of Ohio volunteer militia, to serve under orders of Major-General Heintzelman for guard duty nat Johnson's Island for three years, unless sooner discharged. If the length of time is objectionable, please what period will suit. It

