
much to learn. Franklin and A. J. Smith fully demonstrated their high military qualities. General Banks writes to me cheerfully and says:

We are in the midst of a very exciting campaign in which everything promises success equal to our most sanguine expectations. The general aspect of affairs, however, is different from what was anticipated by our army and the Government. The river is falling when it should be rising, and the enemy is in greater force when it was not expected they would offer fight. It may consume a little more time, but I am mistaken if both these results are not beneficial to our cause.

He further says:

We immediately advance on a line somewhat different from that hitherto pursued by the way of the river.

Some doubt his ability to advance; I do not. Others think he will have to return here. How greatly would I prefer an operation on Mobile, which we could take, and how greatly such a movement would help our armies above. There are those above me whose duty it is to think for me, and I will try honestly to do my part.

Greatly would I prefer being at the head of my own Bureau, but I see I cannot leave the Farther of Waters.

The Turner Quitman plantation, of Palmyra Bend, I gave up to the Quitman ladiing the papers from Mr. Stanton. I felt for them, for they had nothing, but two of their husbands, the worthless Lovells, were in the rebel service.*

Kind regards to all the gentleman of the office.

I go upstream Friday.

Your, very truly,

L. THOMAS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 19, 1864.

Governor J. A. GILMORE,

Concord, N. H.:

Your telegram of the 14th was duly received, and has been under consideration of the Department, with an anxious desire to conform to your wishes; but, after considering the matter in all its bearings, it is believed that the order of the 8th of April is the best provisions that can be made for the service - that the seven companies should be forwarded immediately to Washington, to be mounted and equipped here, the remaining incomplete companies to stay in New Hampshire until filled up. The extra bounties will do doubt exercise a very beneficial influence in filling them up.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 19, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

The plan proposed by you for raising prison guards has carefully been considered by the Department. Report is made to me that it will not afford guards of sufficient experience to be relied upon, and

---------------

* Some strictly personal matter here omitted. For and inclosure to this communication, see circular of October 27, 1863, Vol. III, this series, p. 939.

---------------

