
III. The troops to be mustered into the service of the United States by regiments, when the regiments are filled up, according to regulations, to the minimum strength - the regiments to be organized according to the regulations of the War Department. The whole number to be furnished within twenty days from date of notice of the acceptance of this proposition.

IV. The troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, transported, and paid as other U. S. infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortifications, or wherever their service may be required, with or without their respective States.

V. No bounty to be paid the troops, nor the service charged or credited on any draft.

VI. The draft for three years" service to go on in any State or district where the quota is not filled up; but if any officer or soldier in this special service should be drafted he shall be credited for the service rendered.

JNO. BROUGH,

Governor of Ohio.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

W. M. STONE,

Governor of Iowa.

JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 22, 1864.

An estimate has been made of the probably expense of the force mentioned in the foregoing proposition and it is believed that its cost to the United States will amount to $25,000,000. The views of Lieutenant-General Grant are indicated in the telegram, a copy of which is annexed, and which is a response to my inquiry as to whether he would desire the acceptance of 100,000 men as at first proposed by the Governors.* In view of the importance of the ensuing campaign and the judgment of General Grant that the troops offered may be of "vast importance," I in favor of accepting the offer. The present estimates are inadequate to meet the expense and additional appropriation will be required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

APRIL 23, 1864.

The foregoing proposition of the Governors is accepted, and the Secretary of War is directed to carry it into execution.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

The Governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa are here, and propose to offer to the Government 100,000 men, to be ready for the field, clothed, armed, and fully equipped, within twenty days from

---------------

* See p. 239.

---------------

