
of his public or private duties, will immediately turn in the same to the Quartermaster's Department.

II. Hereafter no officer of the Army will use any horse, ambulance, spring wagon, or vehicle of any kind which is the property of the Government of the United States, whether for the transaction of his official or privates business, without an order in writing from the Adjutant-General authorizing such use.

This order will not apply to officers entitled to be mounted under Generals Orders, Numbers 277, from this office, of August 8, 1863.

III. The Regulations of the Quartermaster's Department provide for the transportation of officers traveling under orders, and their baggage. When, on proper requisition, and officer has obtained transportation, the horse or vehicle so obtained will be returned to the officer accountable thereof, or to some officer of the Quartermaster's Department, as soon as the journey is performed.

IV. The Quartermaster-General and Inspector-General will cause this order to be enforced by the officers of their departments throughout the armies of the United States; and for its violation, reported the officers of these departments, the same penalty is attached as provided by section 8 of an act of Congress, published in General Orders, War Department, Numbers 106, current series, in reference to the use of ambulances.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 23, 1864.

Governor MORTON,

Saint Nicholas Hotel, New York:

The President has accepted the proposition. Let me know when you except to leave New York.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

NEW YORK, April 23, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Have telegraphed my proclamation home. Will be here until Monday evening. Please telegraphed the terms of the proposition to Adjutant-General Noble at Indianapolis.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 23, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

General Brough has been authorized to raise a regiment of militia to guard the public stores at Gallipolis. They will; be under your orders, and you will issue tents, &amp;c., to them. As soon as they occupy that place General Sigel will be authorized to withdraw his present guard and leave the place in your charge. Consult with the adjutant-general of the State in the Governor's absence.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

