
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 25, 1864.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

Chairman Military Committee of the Senate:

SIR: The Governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin have tendered to the President on the 3rd instant a large number of volunteers from their respective States for service during the present campaign. They are expected to number from 80,000 to 100,000 men, their term of service 100 days from muster in. It is believed they can render useful service. They are to be paid no bounty, and are not to diminish or delay the draft for three-years" men in States where the quota of pending draft is not filled up. The quota is filled up in Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, and less than 10,000 are due from Ohio. The expense of these troops is not provided for in the war estimate heretofore submitted. It is estimated that $25,000,000 will meet the costs of 100,000 of these extra volunteers. I respectfully recommend a special appropriation for that purpose, and submit a joint resolution for that purpose. The impending operations render it expedient that there should be early action by Congress upon the proposition, so that if sanctioned all needful provisions may be made in due season.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Honorable Robert C. Schenck, chairman of Military Committee, House of Representatives.)

BOSTON, MASS., April 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Dix telegraphs me that all our heavy artillery will be immediately ordered to field, and requests militia regiments called out to relieve them at Fort Warren and elsewhere, and be mustered into service for that local duty for sixty days. This confuses me somewhat, since work of aggregating a regiment of militia companies must be done at once, and our militia is disintegrated by volunteering. It shall immediately be done, but it will probably render impossible any chance to raise new heavy artillery regiments before the 10th of May, as most probably recruits for such regiments will turn out as militia. In order to systemize matters I wish you would let out twelve heavy artillery companies be organized and march as a regiment. Eight companies were raised for general service. Cabot's battalion of four companies, though raised with a special understanding, yet will march willingly with orders, eight in regimental organization, under him as colonel, for heavy-artillery duty.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

NATCHEZ, MISS., April 26, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy a communication from Major General W. S. Rosecrans to the Honorable

