
7. All other details will be conducted in the manner prescribed in the General Regulations.

8. Men who enlist or re-enlist in the Veteran Reserve Corps will be credited to the quota of the district from which they enlist, the same as other troops, but are not entitled to any bounty or premium from the United States for such enlistment.

9. The expenditures of "mustering and disbursing officers" for the recruiting service of the Veteran Reserve Corps, are confined to the payment of the expenses enumerated in Circular Numbers 84, of 1863, from this Bureau.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 27, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM P. FESSENDEN,

Chairman of Committee on Finance, U. S. Senate:

SIR: Referring to my letter of the 25th instant, addressed to the chairman of the Committee on military Affairs of the Senate, and now pending before your committee, I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information a copy of the communication made to the President by the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, and of the President's acceptance of the troops therein tendered,* together with a copy of the estimated cost of 100,000 volunteers for three months, prepared at the office of the Quartermaster-General.+ To this estimate should be added 33 1/3 per cent. for all contingencies, including injury to arms, ammunition, medical attendance, &amp;c., which will make the aggregate expense about $25,000,000 as stated in my letter of April 25. No call has been made by the President for the troops thus offered and accepted, as it is understood that this duty is to be performed by the respective Governors of States named who have made their calls.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. S.- For obvious reasons the proposition of the Governors and President's acceptance should not be published, but it transmitted for the information of yourself and your committee.

E. M. S.

FRANKFORT, KY., April 27, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will you receive 10,000 troops from Kentucky for six months or three months on the same conditions that other States are raising them? They can be furnished.

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.

SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE FOR RECRUITING COLORED REGTS., Numbers 1210 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, April 27, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to ask for authority to raise another regiment of colored troops. The Forty-third Regiment, which we are now

---------------

* See p. 237.

+ See p. 238.

---------------

