
raising, lacks about 150 men of being full. We supposed that the late horrible massacre at Fort Pillow, if Noticed, as the people generally anticipate it will be, by a vigorous proclamation from the Government, directing severe retaliation on the enemy for any similar outrages in the future, will impart a fresh momentum to recruiting. The colored people are excited. They now need to be encouraged. If the Government will give emphatic expression to the general desire on the subject of the barbarous massacres of Pillow and Plymouth, and Congress should speedily place black troops on the same footing as other troops, we could raise, in my judgment, two, three, or more regiment here.

At present recruiting is dull in spite of the liberal bounties offered. The determination of the status of the colored soldiers and words of encouragement to the colored race are the two measures needed to create enthusiasm and give new life to recruiting in the free States.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

THOMAS WEBSTER,

Chairman.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 28, 1864.

Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

The arrangement in the Northwestern States was for 100-days" service. Of that short time there is probably quite as many as can be used. But if you can raise six-months" men let me know, and I can then give a definite answer to your inquiry.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Kentucky, Louisville:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War I have respectfully to inform you that the first four paragraphs of General Order, Numbers 34, current series, from your headquarters, establishing regulations for the enlistment of colored men in the State of Kentucky, are approved. The fifth paragraph is regarded as superfluous.

I am further directed to instruct you to cause the recruits enlisted in pursuance of said order to be sent to Captain R. D. Mussey, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, acting commissioner for organization of colored troops, at gallatin, Tenn., or Nashville, Ten., as may be determined between yourself and Captain Mussey, who will organize the recruits and assign them to regiments.

In all cases where a recruit has been held to service under a master or owner the name of such owner will be entered on the muster-in roll opposite the name of the recruit. Duplicate muster and descriptive rolls of the detachments will in all cases be forwarded with such detachments to Captain Mussey, one of which he will forward to this office after having entered upon the roll opposite the names of each of the recruits the designations of the regiments to which they have been assigned. These measures are necessary for ready reference at this

