
There is another mater which it will not be improper to mention in this connection. The Nineteenth Regiment U. S. Infantry recruited about 800 men, the Eleventh U. S. Infantry about 400, and other regiments U. S.infantry about 200 or 300 in this State, for which the State has not received credit, and I shall at a proper time ask you consideration of the claim which she has to credit for these men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

STATE OF IOWA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICER, Des Moines, January 11, 1864.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 5th instant, with memorandum of what the War Department has done in relation to assigning the quotas under the 500,000 call.

As I understand the decision of the War Department, it is: As certain States in the aggregate raised 548, 184, therefore the quota of Iowa under a call for 500,000 men shall be 19,316; or, because Iowa raised a portion of the excess above 500,000, therefore she is charged an excess of 1,699 above her true quota. If all the States had filled their quotas and sent their men to the field, or if all the State had furnished their shares of the excess above 500,000 men, the case would stand somewhat differently. It may be replied that you have attempted to equalize the matter on subsequent calls, but it has not been equalized, so fara as men are concerned. And, with all due deference to the War Department, I have yet to learn by what authority the call of 500,000 men was increased to 548, 184.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, truly yours,

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 11, 1864.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of the State of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you are hereby authorized to raise a regiment of colored troops (infantry), said regiment to be known and designated as the Twenty-seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops and to be mustered into the service of the United States for three years or during the war. The organization of the regiment must conform in all respects with the requirements of General Orders, No. 110, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863. The officers will be mustered into service on the presentation to the proper mustering officer of their appointments, signed by the Secretary of War, and such appointments will be made as provided in General Orders, Nos.143 and 144, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863. The necessary supplies will be furnished by the respective departments on requisitions approved by the Governor of the State of Ohio.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

