
OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Boston, April 29, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Prov. March General United States, War Dept., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I proposed to commence the draft in this State on Monday, the 2nd of May, but in consequence of the entire absence of troops in this State, until the militia can be mustered into service, and the urgent request of the Government that the draft should be postponed until such muster should take place, I have consented to postpone the draft for at least four days beyond the 2nd of May. His Excellency wishes to be prepared in the event of enemy heute of disturbance that we have reason to believe would occur in the absence of any controlling force.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. N. CLARKE,

Major, Fifth Artillery, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 30, 1864.

Major-General MEADE, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

SIR: The following instructions, which will not be printed, are furnished by order of the Secretary of War for your information and guidance, and are to be sent by you to the officers under your command, to whom they will apply:

I. Generals commanding armies and army corps in the field will taken the proper measures to supply, so far as may be possible, the wants of their troops in animals and provisions from the territory through which military operations are conducted.

Private property so taken will be receipted and accounted for in accordance with existing orders. Special care will be taken to remove horse, mules, live-stock, and all means of transportation from hostile districts infested or liable to be infested by guerrilla bands of rebels.

II. Commanding officer will establish proper regulations in accordance with the usages and customs of war for the enforcement of this order.

Please acknowledge receipt.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major General F. Sigel, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of West Virginia; Major General B. F. Butler, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina; Major General W. F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers (care of Major- General Butler); Commanding general Department of the South; Major General N. P. Banks, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Gulf; Major General W. T. Sherman, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi; Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Cumberland; Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Tennessee; Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of Arkansas; Major General J. M. Schofield, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Ohio.)

