
Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your telegram received. Every district and sub-district is more than full. The State has quota for a 300,000 call in excess. of course, this being so, no draft can be made. I write you by mail to-night.

JAS. Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island.

WHEELING, April 30, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Dispatch of this date received. The State having greatly exceeded her quotas under all calls made upon, there should be no draft in any sub-districts.

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 1, 1864.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to state, in reply to your reference of the correspondence between this Department and Governor Andrew in relation to the companies heavy artillery in Boston Harbor, that as the companies were raised under different conditions of service, and will probably be required to serve at different points, and not in connection with each other, it has been and still is considered inexpedient to give them a regimental organization. If however, Governor Andrew should be able to raise a sufficient number of companies of heavy artillery for general service in addition to those already organized, to make up twelve companies, there will them be no objection to giving the companies raised for that service a proper regimental organization. Cabot's battalion was organized for special service, and it would be improper to include it in a regiment organized for the general service. It was included in the order bringing the troops from Boston Harbor to this city because it was understood that the officers and men were anxious to come forward and would make no objection to temporary service in this neighborhood, the battalion returning to its original conditions of service as so as the present necessity has passed. The Secretary of War therefore sees no sufficient reasons for changing the orders heretofore given.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, ME., May 1, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I do not think it expedient to draft in the different sub- district of this State.

SAML. CONY,

Governor of Maine.

