
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 2, 1864.

ISSUE OF SHELTER TENTS.

1. The attention of all officers is called to General Orders. Numbers 160, series of 1862, providing for the issue of shelter tents instead of common wall or Sibley tents. When troops refuse to accept shelter tents they will not be furnished with any. Troops in garrisons, at stations, or in detachments can construct huts, if they prefer them to shelter tents. Quartermasters are prohibited from issuing tents other than the kind provided for, no matter by whom the requisitions are approved, or by whose order the issue are directed to be made, until otherwise ordered through the Adjutant-General of the Army.

2. Commanding officers of departments, and of troops, and the Quartermaster-General will be held responsible for the enforcement and due observance of this order; and any one who shall issue or direct the issue of tents other than as prescribed will be tried by court-martial or reported for summary dismissal.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 36. Washington, May 2, 1864.

I. To provide for certain cases of muster, which may arise at the dates the original terms of service of volunteer organizations will expire, the following regulations are established and announced for the information and guidance of all concerned. Their execution will be under the supervision and direction of the commissaries of musters for corps and departments:

MUSTERS-OUT AND DISCHARGES FROM VETERAN REGIMENTS WHERE THREE- FOURTHS THEREOF HAVE RE-ENLISTED.

1. In regiments where three-fourths of the have re-enlisted-and which are therefore veterans-the organization they may have at the dates of expiration of term (see sec 1, General Remarks) will be maintained, but all men who have not re-enlisted (except those who have joined since date of original organization) will, on said date, be mustered out and discharged the service.

The musters-out will be made by the assistant commissary of musters of the division to which the troops belong, and that officer will be held strictly accountable that the muster-out rolls are accurate, and made out in accordance with the Mustering Regulations.

A separate muster-out roll will be made, on the prescribed form, for the detachment from each company.

Particular attention is invited to the Mustering Regulations, is so far as the formal discharge paper of the volunteer is concerned. (see sec. 5, General Remarks.)

After the muster-out and discharge papers shall have been fully prepared the department or corps commander will cause the discharged men to be formed into detachments, under competent officers, and forward them to the State (see sec. 6, General Remarks) to which

