
reckining the period of service from the date of muster-in of the last company. In accordance with this, if the last company of a regiment was mustered into service on the 20th of May, 1861 (that date is considered as the date of original organization and muster-in of the regiment), the period of service of the regiment will expire May 19, 1864 (expiration of original term), and at that date all the members of the regiment, except re-enlisted ones, and those who have joined since dato of original organization, should be discharged.

2. Where there is a difference of two months or more between the dates of muster-in of the first and last companies, the companies will be mustered out separately, and the field and staff reduced proportionally, and in the inverse order in which they were mustered in, under paragraph 85, Mustering Regulations. The field officers, however, to be mustered out at each stage of the reduction will rest with the commander of the army of department. The musters-out will be made by the assistant commissary of musters for the division.

3. When troops are mustered out of service all officers and men, present and absent, who are entitled to be discharged, will be considered as mustered out at one time and place, except prisoners of war, who will be considered as in service until arrival in a loyal State, with an allowance of time necessary for them to be returned to their respective places of enrollment. With officers and men of this class, commanding officer of regiments and companies will exercise great care in stating, in the remarks on the muster-out rolls, the dates and places of capture, thus: Prisoner of war. Captured at-, December-, 186-.

4. Officers and men absent from their commands, on detached service, sick in hospital or paroled (after the officer under whose command they may be has satisfied himself that their terms of service have expired), will be furnished with transportation by the Quartermaster's Department to the place where the regiment is to be mustered out, in time to be present at the said muster. The transportation in will be furnished upon the requisition of the commanding officer under whom the officer of soldier may be serving, or of the surgeon in charge of the hospital where he may be sick. The descriptive lists of the men will accompany them, and be turned over to the officer who may be charged with mustering out the force, by whom (after the date therefrom has been entered on the muster-out rolls) they will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army. If from sickness or other proper cause enlisted men cannot be sent in time, as above directed, they will be discharged at the hospital, and their final papers there made out, under direction of the surgeon in charge, and forwarded to the commandeer having the power to discharge, as in the case of surgeon's certificate od disability. The principles announced in paragraphs 3 and 15, Appendix B, Revised Army Regulations, will be applied in such cases; and with a view to determining claims for pension, all information will be given in the papers which will throw light on the natura and cause of the soldier's sickness.

5. The following extracts from the Mustering Regulations are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

Whenever volunteers, of militia are mustered for final discharge, on the expiration of their term of service, a discharge will be furnished for each officer and soldier, whether present or absent.

The blanks for these must be filled with great care and neatness, and signed, with official rank affixed (at the left hand), by the colonel or other regimental commander for the field and staff, by captains or other company commanders for their respective companies, and by the mustering officer, and by the mustering officer returned to the said commanders for delivery to the individuals.

