
COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 5, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My request was to exempt members of the National Guard actually in service from operations of the present draft to fill Ohio's quota on the last call, but not to extend to any draft on any future call. No other State tendering militia can object to this, as their last quotas are all full. Neither does bread any faith with Congress, as it does not change the position of the State as to filling her quota by draft. I propose that the draft shall go an and the quota be filled thereby but simply to limit its operations to men who have not enlisted or responded to the call for the National Guard. Thus I put you 30,000 National Guard into the 100-days" service, and by draft fill my quota of 9,200 from other citizens of the State. I do not reduce you a man in the service, but add to it in the number of men who may be drafted from the guard. I do not ask any credit for the guard on quotas, not any exemption for it in future calls, if any are made. Is not this reasonable and just? I know it will be acceptable to our people.

JOHN BROUGH.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, Wis., May 5, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am directed by the Governor to hand you the inclosed copy of General Orders, Numbers 11, in regard to the raising of volunteers for 100 days in this State.

Respectfully,

FRANK H. FIRMIN,

Private and Military Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

CALL FOR 100-DAY'S MEN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Madison, Wis., May 2, 1864.

I. The General Government will accept volunteers from this State for service of 100 days as U. S. troops, provided they are offered within fifteen days from date. The limited time remaining in which to complete the organization of these troops will require immediate and energetic action. This service is voluntary. Opportunity is herein given to those citizens of the State whose duties have heretofore prevented their enlistment for the longer terms of active service to unite their energies with those of out regiments already in the field, and, by relieving our veteran troops from posts and fortifications, to share in the glory of an endeavor to render the immediate campaign both successful and decisive.

II. The present State militia organization will be the basic of four regiment,should they tender their services, in which case the present regimental and company commanders are requested to take immediate steps to recruit the companies to the minimum prescribed by existing regulations of the War Department, to wit:

One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants 8 corporal, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and not less than 64 privates.

When complete to a minimum the commanding officer of each company will immediately report the fact to this office and to the colonel commanding the regiment.

