
III. Companies and recruits for the First and Second Regiments will rendezvous at Camp Washburn, milwaukee, and for the Third and Fourth and Camp Randall, in Madison. Person not connected with either of the regiments desiring to enter this service can report at either of the above-named camps, at which mustering officers will be stationed for the receipt, subsistence, and muster of recruits for this service.

IV. These troops are to be organized, clothed, armed, equipped subsisted, transported, and paid as other U. S. infantry volunteers. They will be mustered into the service of the United States by regiments when the regiments are filled to the minimum strength, and are to serve in fortifications, or wherever their services amy be required, within or without this State. No bounty will be paid these troops, nor the service changed or credited on any draft; and soldiers in this service will be subject to draft for three-years" service should such draft be ordered; but should any officer soldier be drafted while in this special service he will be credited for the service already rendered.

V. Contracts for subsistence of recruits while at company rendezvous must be made, subject to the approval of the superintendent of recruiting service, Colonel J. D. Greene, Eighth [Sixth] U. S. Infantry, Madison, Wis., and conform to provisions of General Orders, Numbers 131, War Department. Transportation for companies or squads will be furnished upon application to this office.

VI. All communication pertaining to the organization of these force should be addressed to the adjutant-general as the proper medium of communication with the commander-in-chief. The proposition on the part of the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Iowa to furnish extra men for service of 100 days originated in an ardent desire on their part to put the success of the approaching campaign beyond question, and thus speedily crush the rebellion which has so long cursed our land; and though no one will be compelled to go upon this extra service, yet, believing that this will be the last great struggle; that the rebels are about to make a last desperate effort; that a heavy and well-directed blow at this time may and probably will close the war and save us much sacrifice in the future; that a few thousand men this time will be of great service to the Union cause, the Governor hopes and desires to see Wisconsin add new glory to the fame she has already acquired in this war by promptly furnishing at least 5,000 or her sons to take part in what he trust will prove the decisive and closing campaign of the war:

By order of the Governor:

AUG. GAYLORD,

Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of may 5 with reference to the steps taken by this office toward the supplies for the 100-day's men in the West, I have the honor to submit the following statement:

The supplies for Ohio, Indiana, illinois, and Wisconsin were ordered from New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati the first of this week

