
by telegraph, the details of the requisition being sent the same day mail. The contingent of Iowa was received afterward and the orders given in the same way on the 4th instant. The necessity of the greatest dispatch in forwarding the supplies was duly impressed, and instructions to forward the first installment at once were sent to Colonels Vinton, Crosman, and Swords at their respective depots. A portion of these supplies were on hand t the subordinate State depots, from whence they can be issued at once. Everything, it is confidently expected, will go forward this week toward its destination. Telegraphic dispatches were sent to Philadelphia and New York this morning to ascertain the progress made. They have not as yet been answered. Details of the steps taken were forwarded to you from the Clothing Bureau on the 4th instant. The supplies for Ohio were ordered as follows: For three regiments, to Zanesville and Ballaire, via Wheeling, Va.;" for fourteen regiments, to Cincinnati; for ten regiments, to Columbus; for six regiments, to Cleveland; and for two regiments,. to Johnston's Island. Those for Illinois were sent for 12,000 men to Springfield, and for 8,000 to Chicago. Those for Indiana all to Indianapolis. Those for Wisconsin were sent for 3,000 men to Milwaukee and for 2,000 men to Madison. Those for Iowa were sent for one regiment to Keokuk, the remainder to Davenport. Officers at these several points were ordered to distribute the supplies with all dispatch, and the Governors of the respective States notified by telegraph to-day of the destinations of the supplies. In fact, every available means has been taken to hasten there desthiobiotin of these supplies. The Adjutant-General was this day notified that the Quartermaster's Department was prepared to equip 10,000 six months" men at once in Kentucky, and suggestion made that the supplies be collected at Louisville.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 7, 1864.

The above was prepared yesterday and handed to me this morning for signature. I add that on returning last evening, learning that all the material had not yet gone, I telegraphed the officers at Philadelphia and New York to send trusty agent to accompany each shipment to its place of destination.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

SPRINGFIELD, May 6, 1864.

Colonel FRY:

I fully concur in the dispatch sent by Lieutenant-Governor Hoffman in relation to draft, and fear such a step would be almost revolutionary.

R. YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 6, 1864-12 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

Dispatches received from General Butler reports his movement up the James River and the successful landing of his army at City Point.

