
universally admitted, that the State at the lowest calculation has lost of her laborers of this class at least double the number of those actually mustered into the service, and lost them, too in a great measure by reason of the irregularities practiced by the recruiting officer in taking off those obviously unfit for military service, is a circumstance to be taken into account in awarding us the full credit for those who have actually entered the service. In many of the counties of our State so complete has bee this drain upon their agricultural labor that large portions or their arable lands are left this year uncultivated. Your will therefore, sir, see, I am sure, the justice, so far at least as these rural districts are concerned, of postponing any draft until we have had the opportunity of allowing them all the credits for these colored troops to which they are entitled. By your instructions to Colonel Jeffries furnished a short time since, and a copy of which be sent me, I find that the "credits of all kinds" to,566. Now, if I am right in regard to the number of colored recruits from the State (and I am satisfied I am not far wrong), there must be a large number of that class of troops for which we have yet secured no credit. In fact, from the best information I can procure, I have reason to believe that the whole of these recruited by Colonel Birney are still uncredited. I have requested Colonel Jeffries to furnish me with an account of all the colored troops from this State of which he has an y knowledge; and if you would be good enough to recur to the statement to which I have above adverted and inform me how many of said total credit of 11,566 are constituted of that kind of troops the result would tend to show many are still uncredited who properly ought to be. I forbear to dwell at all upon other circumstances in the history of the condition of this State, proving out of the number of her disloyal citizens who have gone South that would justly entitled the loyal ones at home to liberal considerations; but dealing with us ever so strictly, we have certainly the right to except that those instructed with the recruiting of all kinds of volunteers should make complete returns of them, and that we should be allowed full credit for them. I fell assured that I may rely on you to see that this simple justice is done us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. BRADFORD.

DETROIT, May 9, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshall-General:

The Governor directs me to inform you that he thinks it advisable as soon as all the veterans are properly credited, to proceed with the draft in the deficient sub-districts of the State.

JNO. ROBERTSON,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 9, 1864-12 m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

Advices to-day lead to the belief that General Grant has driven the enemy at all points and is achieving a complete victory. At the latest date, Saturday night, Hancock was pushing forward rapidly to Spotsylvania Court-House. General Lee, in an official report to the rebel

