
authorities at Richmond of Friday's operations, states that Longstreet was dangerously wounded, also General Pegram and Stafford, and that General Jenkins is killed. I regret to have to announce that on our part Brigadier-General Wadsworth has been killed. The number of wounded on both sides large, but a large proportion slight wounds, no artillery having been used on either side. The condition of our troops is represented to be admirable; their cool, determined courage has proved an overmatch for the frenzied fury of the rebels.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

(Same to Governor Morton, Indianapolis; Governor Yates, Springfield; Governor Stone, Davenport; Governor Lewis, Madison, Wis.; Governor Bramlette, Flankfort.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 9, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

I have been anxious to conform to your wisher in respect to the draft as far as might be proper, but on consultation with the Provost-Marshal-General and Solicitor Whiting there appear to be insurmountable obstacle to it. The Government can have safety but in strict conformity with the agreement sanctioned by the President and Congress. Governor Yates is already asking terms and conditions not in conformity with the offer and in the face of the Solicitor's opinion, of which a copy is mailed to you. I cannot assent to your request.

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 9, 1864.

THOMAS WEBSTER, Esq., &amp;c.,

Philadelphia:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to say that you are hereby authorized to raise eight companies for the Forty-fifty Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, commencing at Company C, The companies raised under the above authority will be mustered into the service of the United States to serve for three years or during the war. The instructions heretofore given will govern in the organization and muster of these companies.

I have the honor, &c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 10, 1864.

His Excellency A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of maryland, Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: Your letter of May 9, requesting a postponement of the draft in Maryland on the ground that all the colored men enlisted in your

