
State have not been credited, has been received. Due credit has been given for all the men, both white and colored, who are in any way know to this department to have been mustered into the U. S. service. Yesterday an additional credit for 2,252 colored men was given upon a certificate of Colonel Jeffries that they were creditable. This was done without waiting, as is customary, for more certain and formal rolls and returns. The total number of colored recruits now credited to the State is 6,404.

I know of no date upon which to base further credits, nor of any reason to postpone the draft. If, however, any further musters are reported they will be credited up to the latest possible moment. I am unable to discover wherein this Bureau has disregarded "the circumstances" which have "justly entitled" the loyal citizens of Maryland to "liberal considerations" as set forth in Your Excellency's letter, or that you have been dealt with "ever so strictly." The facts are these, as they appear to me:

First. The quotas assigned to you since March 3, 1863, have all been based upon an enrollment of the white persons found to be still in the State after the disloyal persons had gone South. The quotas being in proportion to the number of men left, the fact, that some men had gone South previous to the enrollment worked no hardship.

Second. After having assigned quotas in proportion to the enrollment of white men as above, the slave were enrolled and are used filling the quotas of volunteers and draft, but have not been counted to increase the quota. That is surely not dealing 'strictly" with you.

Third. During the years 1861 and 1862 quotas were assigned to your State, as to other States, on the basis of population. Those raised, and on a settlement of your account for those years you were found to be deficient 9,892 men. Instead of being added to the number now required of your, as has been the case in other States, this large deficit has been entirely omitted from your account. I think, therefore, that Maryland has received "liberal considerations," and that Your Excellency's claim for 'simple justice" has been more than satisfied.

As hereinbefore states, however, I shall take pains to order further credits and deductions up to the latest practicable moment for all men not heretofore credited whose muster may become known to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Boston, May 10, 1864.

Honorable A. H. RICE, M. C.

Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have just received your favor of the 7th instant, in reply to mine forwarding the letter of the city government and of General Schouler. I do not wish Mr. Stanton to suppose that I, on behalf of this Commonwealth, ask any favor whatsoever. I have never yet done so, and I do not propose ever to do so hereafter, unless under the Providential imposition of uncontrollable necessity. We advised and suggested the not ordering Major Clarke to proceed to

