
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 196. Washington, May 12, 1864.

General Orders, Numbers 76, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, February 26, 1864, commanding the capital sentences of deserters to imprisonment during the war at the Dry Tortugas, Fla., are so amended as to direct the discharge from the service of the United States, width forfeiture of pay and allowances due, of all persons to whose cases the provisions of the general orders apply.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 198. Washington, May 12, 1864.

DUTIES OF ASSISTANT SURGEON-GENERAL.

To facilitate the prompt trans,mission of medical supplies to points developed by emergencies, secure the proper distribution and presence of medical officers and their assistants where their services are most required, and to provide comfortable, abundant, and available hospital accommodation for the sick and wounded of the armies of the West and Southwest, the office of the assistant surgeon-general is established as Louisiana, Ky.

To fully accomplish these important objects, Asst. Surg. General R. C. Wood will have immediate control, under the general direction of the Surgeon-General, of the medical affairs in the Military Department of the Northwest, the Northern Department, the Departments of Kansas, Missouri, and those composing the Division of the Mississippi except that officers assigned to duty with any army or department will n ot be removed therefrom, unless by order of the War Department.

The orders, circulars, and instructions heretofore published by the assistant surgeon-general, and such as may in future be required, will be obeyed and respected by all under his jurisdiction.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington. D. C., May 12, 1864.

Governor W. M. Stone,

Des Moines, Iowa:

Your dispatch to Secretary and one to me in relation to draft for 100-days" men have been received and considered.

We cannot draft for 100-days" mane, but will immediately order the draft in all sub-district deficient on the quotas heretofore assigned then, for three-year's men, unless you make known some objections to this course. Will not this answer your purpose?

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[MAY 12, 13, 1864.-For correspondence between Stanton and Brough, relating to acceptance and disposition of Ohio 100-days" regiments, see Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part I, pp. 443, 444, 450, 451.]

