
DES MOINES, IOWA, May 13, 1864.

General J. B. FRY,

Washington:

Until other States furnish their quotas I could not favor draft here for three-years" men, unless we fail to promptly furnish the 10,000 100-days" men; then I should. I think, with your dispatch, I can succeed.

W. M. STONE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

Official dispatch have been received from the Army of the Potomac. A general attack was made by General Grant at 4.30 a. m. yesterday, followed by the most brilliant results. At 8 o"clock Hancock had taken 4,000 prisoners, including Major General Edward Johnson and several brigadiers, and between 30 and 40 cannon. Now is the time to put in your men.

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Morton, Indianapolis; Governor Yates, Spring- field; Governor Bramlette, Frankfort; Governor Stone, Gavenport, Governor Lewis, Madison.)

[MAY 13, 1864.-For correspondence between Stanton and Parker and Stanton and Bradford, relating to organizations of troops for 100-days" service, see Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part I, pp. 451, 452.]

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

As we have no organized militia in this State, our quota has to be recruited as heretofore. During twelve of the twenty days we were without transportation and supplies; therefore I have the honor respectfully to request that the time for raising our quota be extended to the first of next month. I have had much opposition from the copperhead press. Still, the recruiting is going bravely on, with a sufficient number of companies to fill the quota, lacking but few men. I hope in a few days to able to turn out half the regiments with their number full.

R. YATES,

Governor.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

provost-Marshal-General.

The presence of guerrillas and sympathizing population and absence of mounted force create great difficulty in First District. In four counties negroes cannot be enrolled, and their enrollment

