
in three other counties is incomplete. After drawing it is impossible to serve notice within ten days. It is also certain that a largo proportion of the whites enrolled have gone off with the enemy by force or consent. The seven counties west of Tennessee River are not in General Burbridge's command, and these are the worst, but Captain Hall, having order to draft immediately, will begin on 18th unless directed otherwise. Under these circumstances would it not be better to defer the drawing in First District until we can control it by our forces? Please answer.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT.,. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 14, 1864.

Major W. H. SIDELL,

Actg. Adst. Provost-Marshal-General, Louisville, Ky.:

Your dispatch about First District received. Consult with General Burbridge, and act as you and he think best. Report action here.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[MAY 14, 1864.-For correspondence between Stanton and Parker, relating to organization of militia force in New Jersey for 100 days, see Series I, Vol XXXVII, Part I, p. 460.]

Final report of the American Freedmen]s Inquiry Commission to the Secretary of war.

OFFICE OF THE AMERICAN FREEDMEN'S INQUIRY COMMISSION,

New York City, May 15, 1864.

To the Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Praying reference to our preliminary report heretofore made,* we have now the honor to submit to you the final report of our Commission.

Observations on portions of the country which had not been visited at the date of our former report, and on the free colored population of Canada West, are contained in supplemental reports A and B.+ The present report embraces considerations of a more general character-some historical, some legal, some prospective- all connecting them selves with the well-being and destiny of the race now in state of transition among us from slavery to freedom.

The terms of your order which created the Commission demanding

---------------

* See Vol. III, this series, p. 430.

+ In view of the material extracts therefrom, embodied herein, the supplemental reports relating to "The Self-Freedmen of Canada West" (A), and "The Emancipated Slave face to face with his Old Master, Valley of the Lower Mississippi" (B), are omitted.

19 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

---------------

