
Third. You only claim to be excused when Jehovah's government is substituted, which period has not yet arrived.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 20. Washington, January 14, 1864.

The following joint resolution by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States is published for the information of the Army and all concerned:

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the bounties heretofore paid, under regulations and orders from the War Department, to men enlisting in the regular or volunteer forces of the United States for three years or during the war, shall continue to be paid from the fifth day of January,eighteen hundred and sixty-four, until the first day of March next, anything in the act approved December twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the contrary notwithstanding. This resolution to be in force from and after its passage.

Approved January 13, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, January 14, 1864.

SUPTS. VOLUNTEER RECRUITING SERVICE LOYAL STATES:

The time of paying the bounty of $300 and $400 and the $15 and $25 premium is extended to March 1, 1864, and these bounties and premiums will be paid in cases of men enlisted between January 5 and 12, the same as before January 5.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF INDIANA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Indianapolis, Ind., January 14, 1864.

TO THE PEOPLE OF INDIANA:

The quota of Indiana, under the last call of the President for 300,000 men was about 19,000. This number was reduced by credit to 16,141 on the 20th day of October, when the President's call appeared. The returns are not in, so that the exact numbers cannot be given; but it is safely estimated that between 13,000 and 14,000 men have been recruited in the State for the old and new regiments since the last-mentioned date. This leaves a balance against the State of between 2,000 and 3,000 men,which is undoubtedly covered by the re-enlistments of veteran Indiana troops in the field.

By express order of the War Department the re-enlisted veterans are to be credited upon the quotas of the several States to which they belong. The re-enlistment of the veterans in the field has far exceeded the most sanguine expectations of the Government, and thousands have volunteered for a second term where perhaps but hundreds were

