
re-enlistment and reorganization under my orders, and the Federal officers on duty here muster and provide quarters and subsistence on my requisition. I am confident that this course will materially promote the public service. Please answer.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 15, 1864.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 11th instant, and have submitted it to the Adjutant- General of the Army. I have no control over the question of determining the number of men heretofore furnished by the different States, and for which each is to be credited. All records on the subject are kept in the Adjutant-General's Office, and with a view to making up quotas for draft the Adjutant- General reports to me the credits or deficiencies of the different States as regards volunteers furnished by each.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 23. Washington, January 16, 1864.

General Orders, No. 390, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, December 8, 1863, is hereby revoked, an the following substituted therefor:

The employment of persons of African descent, male or female, as cooks or nurses, will be permitted in all U. S.general hospitals.

When so employed they will receive $10 per month and one ration. They will be paid by the nearest medical disbursing officer, on rolls similar to those used in the payment of men of the Hospital Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, January 16, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Does the War Department propose to ascertain and determine the number of volunteers furnished by each county in this State prior to the last call, in order to determine the balance, if any, of quota then due from such county,and will I be allowed to ascertain and determine accounts with counties and localities for volunteers furnished by them,and assign to them their respective quotas under all calls? In other words, does the General Government insist upon adjusting the matters in this State, or will it adopt the adjustment made by me, provided, of course, the State, as such, furnished its full quota under all calls?

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

