
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 16, 1864.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: Yours of the 12th instant received. The order in reference to the troops to be raised by General Cadwalader, in Philadelphia, has been changed as you desired. The authority is,however, only to raise a battalion at first.

I am glad to hear that recruiting is going on handsomely, and trust that Pennsylvania may raise her full quota. General Hancock has doubtless called upon you before this in connection with the matter of recruiting, and it is hoped that his presence and efforts will aid you in still further arousing the people to the necessity of filling up our armies before spring.

It would give me great pleasure to witness the ceremonies of the 19th instant, but I regret to say that I have to hope that my duties will permit me to do so.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 25. Washington, January 18, 1864.

All enlisted men now in the Regular Army whose terms of service expire during the present year are hereby permitted to re-enlist at any time before the 1st of March, 1864. On re-enlisting they will be entitled to the extra bounty of $300, authorized by General Orders, No. 20, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., January 14, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 5. Washington, January 18, 1864.

All invalid soldiers mustered on invalid transfer rolls by surgeons in charge of general hospitals, and all men of the Second Battalion companies who can be spared from the hospital, and who have so far recovered from their wounds or diseases as to be thought fit for duty in the First Battalion, will be sent to the invalid camp or depot nearest to the hospital; and they will be there examined by a board, consisting of a field officer of the Invalid Corps and a medical officer of the regular or volunteer service, who shall have power to confirm their transfer to the corps and to decide to which battalion they shall be assigned; to send those judged fit for field duty to their regiments, and to discharge those whose infirmities unfit them for any duty.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

