
belief, too, they agreed with the Rev. Mr. Kinnard, one of their clergy, who said to us:

If freedom is established in the United States, there will be one great black streak reaching from here to the uttermost parts of the South. a

Even those who by years of toil have obtained comfortable, well- stocked farms, worth $10,000 or $20,000, avowed their determination to abandon all-to sell out and depart as soon as they could do so without imperilling their personal freedom.

Emancipation will directly tend to denude the North of its negro population. One circumstances that will materially hasten this result is, that the personal prejudice against negroes as a race is stronger in the Northern than in the Southern States, and at least as strong in Canada as in any portion of the Union. Of this our Commission had abundant proof.

Mr. George Brown, a member of the Canadian Parliament, deposed before the Commission:

I thin the prejudice against the colored people is stronger here than in the States. b

Mr. Sinclair, of Chatham, Canada West, said:

Many of the colored people, even in this town, say that if they could have the same privileges in the States that they have here they would not remain here a moment. * * * In this county there is one township (that of Orford) where no colored man is allowed to settle. b

The colored people of Canada themselves testified to the same effect. Mrs. Brown, of Saint Catherine's, deposed:

I find more prejudice here than I did in York State. When I was at home I could go anywhere; but here, my goodness! you get an insult on every side. c

Mrs. Susan Boggs (colored), also of Saint Catherine's, said:

If it was not for the Queen's law we would be mobbed here, and could not stay in this house. The prejudice is a great deal worse here than it is in the States. d

A colored woman living in a cabin near Colchester said 'she was from Virginia, and the prejudice was "a heap" stronger in Canada than at home." "The people," she added, 'seemed to think the blacks weren"t folks anyway." She was anxious to go back. e The home of the American negro is in the Southern States. Let it be made a free home, and he will seek, he will desire, no other.

Whether as a freedman in a Southern home the negro will live down the cruel prejudice which has followed him, increasing in virulence, to a British province, some, with De Tocqueville, will continue to doubt. But powerful agencies are at work in his favor, some of terrible character. Such were the New York riots. Such, more recently, were the atrocities committed at Fort Pillow.

We have found ourselves called upon to interpose in favor of the outraged and the unprotected. But such interposition tends to create even in minds of ordinary sensibility, good will and sympathy toward the sufferers whom one interposes to protect.

It will have a tendency to increase harmony between the two races if the colored people, whether in the North or the South, refrain from settling in colonies or suburbs by themselves, for such separation talienation of feeling and to ndices of race. They will do well, therefore, to mingle their dwellings or farms with those of the whites, for the effect of this will be to take off the edge of national prejudice and weaken the feeling which regards them as a separate and alien race.f

---------------

a Supplemental Report A, on Refugees in Canada West, p. 28.

b Supplemental Report A, p. 43.

c I bid., p. 44.

e Supplemental Report A, p. 68.

f Supplemental Report A, pp. 62, 69.

---------------

