
dependent upon it, as may be required to conform them to the changes herein above ordered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 26. Washington, January 19, 1864.

The following joint resolution is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

A RESOLUTION amendatory of the joint resolution "to supply in part deficiencies in the appropriations for the public for bounties to volunteers."

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the money paid by drafted persons under the act for calling out the national forces and for other purposes, approved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, or that may be paid under any act for like purposes, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States, and shall be drawn out on requisitions, as are other public moneys, for the expresses of the draft and for the procuration of substitutes; for which purposes the money so paid in is hereby appropriated.

Approved January 16, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, January 19, 1864.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 11th instant, in reference to an adjustment relative to certain volunteers between the States of Illinois and Missouri,an asking if like claims will be allowed, &amp;c.

In reply I am directed to inform you that the question of adjustment is one resting entirely with the respective States that may be concerned, but if the Governors thereof consent to an adjustment,as has been done between Illinois and Missouri, the Department will approve the action.

For Your Excellency's information I have respectfully to inclose herewith a copy of the certificate of adjustment between Illinois and Missouri, which has been approved by the Department, and a change of credits made accordingly.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Indianapolis, Ind., January 19, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Considerations of the most vital character demand that the war shall be substantially ended within the present year. The truth of this proposition need not be enforced by argument, because it is apparent to every intelligent mind.

