
sets of agents, one having in charge the lands, another the interests of the freedmen, jarring and conflicts of authority would be sure to ensue.

The Commission is confirmed in the opinion that all aid given to these people should be regarded as a temporary necessity; that all supervision over them should be provisional only, and advisory in its character. The sooner they shall stand alone and make their own unaided way, the better both for our race and for theirs.

The essential is that we secure to them means of making their own way; that we given them, to use the familiar phrase, "a fair chance." If, like whites, they are to be self-supporting, then, like whites, they ought to have those rights, civil and political without which they are but laboring as a man labors with hands bound.

There will for some time to come be a tendency on the part of many among those who have heretofore held them in bondage still to treat them in an unjust and tyrannical manner. The effectual remedy for this is not special laws or a special organization for the protection of colored people, but the safeguard of general laws, applicable to all, against fraud and oppression.

The sum of our recommendations is this: Offer the freedmen temporary aid and counsel until they become a little accustomed to their new sphere of life; secure to them, by law, their just rights of person and property; relieve them, by a fair and equal administration of justice, from the depressing influence of disgraceful prejudice; above all guard them against the virtual restoration of slavery in any form, under any pretext, and then let them take care of themselves. If we do this, the future of the African race in this country will be conducive to its prosperity and associated with its well-being. There will be nothing connected with it to excite regret or inspire apprehension.

All which is respectfully submitted.

ROBERT DALE OWEN,

J. McKAYE,

SAML. G. HOWE

Commissioners.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., May 15, 1864-9 a.m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

The military intelligence last night is highly satisfactory. The operations of General Sherman had compelled the enemy to evacuate Dalton, and our army was operating upon his flank and rear, with the prospect of important results.

General Butler had attacked Fort Darling, gained important advantages with small loss to ourselves, and its speedy reduction was confidently anticipated.

The operations of the Cavalry Corps under command of Major- General Sheridan were attended with the most brilliant results. On the 9th instant, leaving the Army of the Potomac, General Sheridan got into the enemy's rear; broke both railroads between Hanover Junction and Richmond; captured several locomotives and trains; destroyed Lee's depot at Beaver Dam with over a million of rations; advanced to Yellow Tavern, where he fought the rebel cavalry commanded by General J. E. B. Stuart, defeated them and killed Stuart;

