
I will then proceed to Vicksburg, to accompany General Slocum to Natchez, where his presence is necessary, to examine personally into the affairs of that district.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 16, 1864

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR; Your letter to Major-General Dix dated April 30, inclosing a communication from the veterans of 1812, offering their services for garrisoning the fortifications of New York, has been received, and in reply I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that while he fully appreciates the patriotic motives of the honored veterans of 1812, he is unwilling, without an absolute necessity, to require further sacrifices from the heroes of our earlier wars. He hopes that this great struggle will be brought to a successful termination without further disturbing those whom he now addresses through you, than to ask that they add their counsel and prayers in our present efforts, to inspire patriotic efforts in their juniors ot prove themselves equal to the example set by the veterans of 1812.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 16, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have left over a Dutch and an English battalion from National Guard of about 500 men each which I cannot consolidate into a regiment. May I muster them in as two battalions, under a major to each battalion, and assign them to guard duty at Johnson's Island, thus giving one more regiment now there to go to Washington? I must otherwise disband them.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 16, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

You may muster your English and Dutch in separate battalions, under a major, and dispose of them as indicated in your telegram if General Heintzelman thinks them fit for that duty. If not fit, send them forward and we can find place for them. This Department and the Nation are indebted to you more than I can tell for your prompt and energetic action at this crisis. Everything continues to look well. There has been no fighting in front for two days. Sherman has driven Johnston out of Resaca and is pursuing him. Butler has surrounded Fort Darling and will no doubt take it. Heavy re-enforcements have gone to Grant.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

