
SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Five regiments certainly ready this week, five the next, and five the succeeding, but we were twelve days of the twenty without transportation or supplies, and now some of the officers refuse transportation or supplies to the recruits coming in to fill up the companies because the time is out. I applied for time to be extended to 1st June. There is a most bitter partisan opposition to raising the troops. Will you extend the time to 1st of June?

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 18, 1864.

Governor YATES,

Springfield:

The time for raising your 100-days" men will be extended to the 1st of June and corresponding orders issued to the mustering-in officers.

EDWIN M. STANTON

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 18, 1864

Major W. H. SIDELL,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Louisville, Ky.:

In reference to the difficulty in notifying drafted men within ten days, the time designated by law, you should control the matter by not having drawn at any one time the names of more persons than you are sure can be notified within the legal period. Your proposed amendment is judicious, but we cannot wait for it.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 18, 1864.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

Let the revision of the enrollment be pushed to completion at the earliest possible day, and make known to the people that it is plainly for the interest of each town ward, &amp;c., to have stricken from the lists all names improperly enrolled, because an excess of names increases the quota called for from such town, ward, &c. It is equally for the interest of each person enrolled in a given town or ward to place upon the list all persons in his town or ward liable to do military duty, because the greater the number of to be drawn from the less chance that any particular individual will be drawn.

As it is the personal interest of every enrolled man that the quota in which he is concerned shall not be made too large, and that his own chances for draft shall not be unjustly increased, and as both these objects will be obtained by striking out the wrong names and

25 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

