
be made by the President, or issued or proposed to be issued by the State Department or any Department of the Government.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD

(Sent to New York press and to Charles Francis Adams, London, and William L. Dayton, Paris.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 18, 1864

Major-General DIX,

New York:

I have just seen a copy of the spurious proclamation referred to in your telegram. It is a base and treasonable forgery.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, May 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding, New York:

Whereas, there has been wickedly and traitorously printed and published this morning in the New York World and New York Journal of Commerce, newspapers printed and published in the city of New York, a false and spurious proclamation purporting to be signed by the President and to be countersigned by the Secretary of State, which publication is of a treasonable nature, designed to give aid and comfort to the enemies of the United States and to the rebels now at war against the Government, and their aiders and abettors, you are, therefore, hereby commanded forthwith to arrest and imprison in any fort or military prison in your command the editors, proprietors, and publishers of the aforesaid newspapers, and all such persons as after public notice has been given of the falsehood of said publication, print and publish the same, with intent to give aid and comfort to the enemy, and you will hold the persons so arrested in close custody until they can be brought to trial before a military commission for their offense. You will also take possession, by military force, of the printing establishments of the New York World and Journal of Commerce and hold the same until further orders, and prevent any further publication therefrom.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C. May 18, 1864-2 p.m.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

New York:

The President directs that immediately upon receipt of this order you take military possession of the officers of the Independent Telegraph Company at New York (one corner Cedar and Nassau streets, Gold Room, William street, and Brokers" Exchange), and of all the instruments, dispatches, and papers that may be found in the office or upon the person of the manager, superintendent, and operators, and keep possession thereof, and arrest the manager, operators, superintendent, and hold them, in close custody until further order, and permit no telegraph to be sent over the line until further orders.

