
I therefore respectfully but earnestly urge the necessity of immediately calling for all the men that may be required to bring the war to a safe and speedy termination. If doubts are entertained that a sufficient number of men will be procured under the last call, let another be made immediately,and my belief is that the Nation will respond and by a mighty effort promptly raise our armies to the required strength. It is much better to make the estimate too large than too small, and it is much safer to overpower the enemy by numbers than merely to be his equal and rely for success upon the skill of general's and the chances of battle.

I am also greatly apprehensive that we shall be surprised in the spring by the numbers and strength of the enemy. A terrible conscription is putting almost the entire male population of the rebel States in the army. We shall find beyond all question that their forces have been greatly increased.

If another call for troops should become necessary during the next spring and summer, when it would take months to get them into the field, the Nation would be greatly disheartened, the continuance of the war be indefinitely prolonged, and our finances deeply and almost fatally depressed. Men can be raised more easily now than at any future time. It is the winter season, when the agricultural population is, to a very great extent, unemployed,and will enter the army far more readily than after farming operations are resumed in the spring.

Nothing would so much weaken the Administration or repress the ardor of the people as the apprehension that our armies are inspeedy suppression of the rebellion and that another call for troops will be necessary at a future time. If the war can be ended sooner by largely increasing our forces, the sooner our forces will be disbanded and the immense drain upon the Treasury suspended, which is becoming the terror of all intelligent minds.

The leaders of the rebellion are making a last and mighty effort to retrieve their desperate fortunes. Let them be met with a mightier effort by the Nation, which shall certainly overwhelm them with inevitable ruin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 6. Washington, January 20, 1864.

I. All men enlisted into the Regular Army since September 3, 1862, will be credited upon the quota of the State in which they were enlisted.

The superintendents of regimental recruiting service will forward to Governors of States (as soon as possible) a list of all men enlisted into the Regular Army by recruiting officers, under their commands, from September 3, 1862, to January 1, 1864, giving the names of the men, and wherever they can do so, the district in which they were enlisted. Also, to forward to you hereafter tri-monthly reports of men thus enlisted,giving the names of the men, State, district of enrollment, town, and county in which they were enlisted, such reports to commence from January 1, 1864.

II. All the recruiting officers will pay all men whom they enlist into the Regular Army $25 bounty and $2 premium immediately on enlistment.

