
suspend the order as to them, but shall keep possession of their printing offices until you otherwise direct. The manager, superintendent, and operators of the telegraph line will be sent to Fort Lafayette in an hour. They have been in arrest since 5 o"clock.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

PHILADELPHIA, May 18, 1864

(Received 7.50 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The telegram lines indicated in your telegram, and all the instruments, dispatches, and papers have been seized, and the manager, operators and superintendents arrested and will be held until further orders. A large number of private dispatches are detained. Two other offices than those named by you connected with this line have also been taken possession of. They have through communication everywhere without going through the principal office. It is said that there are also other offices, which I will seize if I can find them. Please inform me if I am not acting correctly.

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding.

PITTSBURG, May 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Under orders received at 5.30 I have seized papers, instruments, and J. H. Robinson, manager, J. R. Roe, assistant superintendent, George A. Hamilton, operator, W. J. Gill, clerk, Inland Telegraph Line, and all papers. Will send them at 8.35.

J. HERON FOSTER,

Captain and Prov. March Twenty-second District of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, Mayd 18, 1864.

Major-General CADWALADER,

Philadelphia:

Accept the thanks of this Department for your prompt action.

Secure and forward all the papers, and send the prisoners forward under guard to report to Colonel Wisewell, Military Governor.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Captain J. Heron Foster, Pittsburg.)

HARRISBURG, May 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Have received your important telegram of this date. At 7 p.m. have taken possession of office of Independent Telegraph (self- styled Inland and American Line), also books, papers, instruments, and operators. Am now searching for the president and treasurer. The superintendent, A. J. Baldwin, is in New York City.

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixteenth Infantry, &amp;c.

