HDQRS. ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Indianapolis, Ind., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the dispatch from the Honorable the Secretary of War to General Dix mentioned in your telegram to me of the 19th instant has not been received, nor has any such dispatch been published in our papers.

I have conferred with Governor Morton on the subject of getting the different districts and sub-districts to commence raising men with a view to the new call.

The Governor says that if more men are required they must be drafted; that it will be impossible to procure, volunteers, and that it would be injurious to make the effort and fail in it.

I think the difficulty of procuring volunteers, even for the 100-days" service, shows that he is right in this opinion.

The influence of the opposition party is all employed to prevent men from volunteering, and I think the time has come when justice to the loyal requires that troops should be raised by draft.

I suppose it is not intended that an effort should be made to raise troops by volunteering without the co-operation of the State authorities, but submit the matter to you for such instructions as you may see proper to issue. Recruiting for the old regiments having almost entirely ceased, the recruiting parties have nearly all been relieved, under instructions heretofore received.

I am, general, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, May 21, 1864.

(Received 2.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have examined the superintendent and manager and the operators of the Independent Telegraph Line.

The examination completely exonerates them and the telegraphic offices in their charge from any complicity with the publication of the proclamation fraud and shows that they took the earliest opportunity of exposing it by telegraphing on their line east and west.

JOHN A. DIX.,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 21, 1864.

General JOHN A. DIX,

New York:

You may release the operators, &amp;c. of the Independent Telegraph, but retain possession of the offices, &c., until further order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

