
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 22, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I started one regiment of 100-days" men yesterday, another to- day. I shall send one to-morrow, another on Monday, another on Tuesday, another on Wednesday, and another on Thursday.

I am organizing and sending forward as rapidly as possible.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

LOUISVILLE, May 22, 1864-3.20 p.m.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Guerrillas now overrun Second District, preventing serving notices and pressing drafted men. General Burbridge goes to- morrow with most of the force in the State to meet Morgan, who is organizing a raid at Abingdon, Va. Under the law as it stands half the draft will be legally vitiated. Can you not procure at once the passage of my proposed amendment?

W. H. SIDELL,

Major and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington City, May 2, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

On Friday evening General Grant commenced a movement for the purpose of compelling Lee to abandon his position at Spotsylvania, the details of which, for obvious reasons, should not be made public. It has thus far progressed successfully. Longstreet's corps started south at 1 o"clock Friday night, an hour and a half after Hancock moved. Ewell's corps followed Longstreet last night. The indications are that the rebel army has fallen back beyond the North Anna. Hoke's brigade has joined Lee. The movement of General Grant has thus far been accomplished without any severe engagement or serious interruption. We now occupy Guiney's Station, Milford Station, and south of the Mattapony on that line. A dispatch received this morning from General Canby, dated May 14, at the mouth of Red River, says:

We have rumors to-day from rebel sources that the gun-boats, except two, succeeded in getting over the falls at Alexandria on the day mentioned in General Banks" dispatch.

No dispatch have been received to-day from General Butler. Dispatches from Kingston state that General Sherman's forces are resting and replenishing their supplies.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, May 22, 1864

(Received 1.45 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I read to the editors of The World and Journal of Commerce the order for the restoration of their respective establishments. They

