
desire a copy and also a copy of the President's order directing their establishments to be seized. I did not publish the latter, as the authority given to me to do so was to be executed after the arrest of the editors, &amp;c., and their arrest having been countermanded, I did not consider myself authorized to make the publication.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 23, 1864-11 a. m.

His Excellency Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany:

Would it be possible for you to come to Washington immediately to enable me to confer with you personally on some matters of great personal interest? Please answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 23, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

You will deliver up to the telegraph companies their offices and instruments and remove their guards.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

(Same to General Cadwalader, Philadelphia; General Wallace, Baltimore; Colonel Bomford, Harrisburg; and Captain Foster, Pittsburg.)

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 40. Washington, May 24, 1864.

Chief mustering officers of the respective States will be prepared at all times to muster our of service such regiments of volunteers, or detachments thereof, so may be entitled to their discharge.

In mustering out troops particular attention is invited to the requirements of the Mustering Regulations in connection with Circular Numbers 36, current series, from this office. Great care must be taken to prevent the muster out and discharge of men who are not entitled to the same.

Timely requisitions should be made for the necessary blank forms for muster out and discharge.

Timely notice should be given if the force of mustering officers on duty is not sufficient to muster out and discharge the troops promptly.

The Pay Department should be advised of the arrival of regiments or detachments, so that no delay will ensue in making the necessary payments.

So soon as a regiment or detachment is mustered out and paid off the chief mustering officer will make a report thereof to this office, stating therein the dates of muster out, payment, and arrival in the State.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

26 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

