
[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 1, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff. General Pope's proposed order is disapproved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., May 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

* * * * *

A part of the Sioux refugees, if not all, still remain in the British settlements about Fort Garry, and they avow their intention to do all the mischief they can to our people. The mail carrier was fired at on his way from Abercrombie to Pembina about ten days since by two Sioux. A ball passed through his clothes, and he only escaped by the speed of his horse. The mail was left behind by him, and was found and burned by the Indians, the lock and other portions of the iron work of the mail-bag having been subsequently picket up by our men. My predictions of last winter of the course which would be pursued by these wretches who were saved from starvation by British subjects, only to renew their raid upon our settlements, are too apt to be realized, and I shall be happily disappointed if as soon as the grass is sufficiently grown for purposes of concealment they are not found renewing the outrages of 1862 on our frontier, so far as they are permitted to do so unchecked. Surely our Government owes it to our citizens, who are exposed to the merciless cruelties of these monsters in human shape along our extensive border, to insist that the British Government shall immediately adopt the most prompt and summary measures to restrain these outlaws from seeking a refuge from pursuit upon British soil. I shall dispose of the few troops I shall have at my disposal to cover the settlements as effectually as practicable, but it is evident that all exposed points cannot be guarded.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers --. Milwaukee, Wis.,

------

, 1864.

The British subjects of the Selkirk settlements having for the past year harbored, fed, and supplied with ammunition the outlawed Sioux Indians who committed the horrible massacres in 1862, and recently, upon defenseless men, women, and children of Minnesota, and who are still lying in wait under the protection of the British flag to renew their atrocious outrages upon American citizens when opportunity offers, and the authorities of the Selkirk settlements having refused to cease furnishing supplies to these outlawed miscreants, to deliver them up to the military authorities of the United States, to expel them

