
from the British Possessions, or to permit U. S. troops to follow them into British territory; and the English home Government having, in spite of repeated remonstrance and protest, failed to prevent such unwarrantable conduct on the part of its subjects, and having positively refused to permit the U. S. troops to pass into British territory to chastise and capture the British outlaws, it is hereby ordered that no goods of any description for English subjects or their agents in or near the Selkirk settlements be permittd to pass north of Saint Paul, or by any other route through this military department to their destination. Any goods now in transit for the Lower Red River, consigned to English subjects or their agents, will be turned back to Saint Paul, or held in custody by the military authorities in the District of Minnesota, until further orders from these headquarters. No trade will be permitted between citizens of the United States and British subjects in the territory north of Minnesota and Dakota, and no goods, furs, nor articles of any kind for traffic or transmission will be permitted to pass in or out of the British settlements north of this department through the territory of the United States. The commanding officers of the Military Districts of Minnesota, Iowa, and Dakota are charged with the execution of this order,at it rced within the limits of their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Pope:

------

-------

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, May 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I will try to be in Washington this week.

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 24, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have you anything cheering or consoling that you can give me, either confidentially or publicly, as to the position of army affairs? Are things working smoothly, and is there anything in the situation unpromising for the result of present or future movements? Do you still retain your perfect confidence in the result?

JOHN BROUGH.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 24, 1864-7 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Yours to Secretary of War asking for something cheering. We have nothing bad from anywhere. I have just seen a dispatch of Grant of 11 p. m. May 23, on the North Anna and partly across it, which ends as follows: "Everything looks exceedingly favorable for us." We have nothing later from him.

A. LINCOLN.

