
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 24, 1864-10 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

This Department has received dispatches from General Grant to 8 o"clock this morning. The movements commenced by him on Friday night forced the rebels to abandon their strongly fortified position at Spotsylvania Court-House and fall back toward Richmond. Yesterday General Grant pushed his columns across the North Anna, where a very heavy engagement took place. The rebels were driven back with great loss. Our loss is reported to be inconsiderable. The enemy is retreating, our troops following them up closely. Negroes report that Lee is retreating to Richmond. General Grant says, "Everything looks exceedingly favorable to us." Nothing of importance has transpired between General Butler's forces and the enemy since Saturday night, when an attack by the enemy was handsomely repulsed. General Sherman moved south from Kingston yesterday, and no reports from him are expected for some days. Our troops on the Red River have safely reached Simsport in better condition than was expected, and will soon be able to resume offensive operations. This is the brief summary of official reports received to the present date by this Department, and you are at liberty to make it public.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Morton, Indianapolis; Governor Yates, Springfield; Governor Stone, Davenport; Governor Lewis, Madison, Wis.; Governor Johnson, Nashville; Governor Bramlette, Frankfort.)

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., May 24, 1864.

Genera. B. R. COWEN,

Adjutant-General of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 18th instant, I have the honor to state that men in the 100-days" service will be allowed by the board of enrollment of the district in which they are or may be drafted reasonable time, say ten days after the expiration of their term of service, to procure substitutes or pay commutation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

MADISON, WIS., May 24, 1864.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your telegram of 21st instant received.* Am doing all I can to forward 100-days" troops. Have two regiments reported full. They will be mustered and ready to leave as soon as arms are provided for them. Two more regiments are nearly full. Hope to be able to give you five regiments very soon.

JAS. T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 274.

---------------

