
condemnation of property of rebels and traitors under the act of Congress of August 6, 1861, entitled "An act to confiscate property used for insurrectionary purposes, "which equally require the superintending care of the Government:

Therefore, it is now further ordered by the President that the Attorney-General be charged with superintendence and direction of all proceedings to be had under the said last-mentioned act (the act of 1861) as fully in all respects as under the first- mentioned act (the act of 1862).

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

EDW. BATES,

Attorney-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., May 25, 1864.

His Excellency President A. LINCOLN:

DEAR SIR: The loyal Texans now within our lines ask of you the appointment of Judge John Hancock as a brigadier-general of volunteers, with authority to take special charge of recruiting in this State and at once form a brigade. I think he has more influence among the Unionists than any other one man, which, combined with his great energy and his personal good habits, would make him a valuable man for the Government to have in this section.

I think there is no doubt but that he could fill up a brigade within a few months. I have seen the list of Texans who recommend Judge Hancock, and find there the names of all the prominent refugees. I believe the appointment of Judge H. would be of benefit to the service.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,F. J. HERRON,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

NEW ORLEANS, June 11, 1864.

I commend this subject to favorable consideration, and from the character given Judge Hancock I think a more suitable selection could not be made.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 202. Washington, May 26, 1864.

The following act and joint resolution of Congress are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

I. PUBLIC-Numbers 73. AN ACT to organize a regiment of veteran volunteer engineers.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized to enlist, out of any volunteer forces in the Army of the Cumberland that have served, or are now serving, as pioneers, pontoniers, or engineers,

