
Each recruiting officer will furnish the disbursing officers in his vicinity with his signature for the purpose of comparing it with the signature on the certificate.

Until the 1st of March the $2 premium authorized by General Orders, No. 74, of July 7, 1862, will not be paid in the above cases.

The term veteran in this case is intended to apply to those soldiers of the regular service only who have served out the full term of their enlistment and who may re-enlist.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., January 21, 1864.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The Secretary of the Treasury proposes to remove restrictions on trade in Kentucky and part of Tennessee. I presume there is no objection in regard to Kentucky. Please report in what part, if any, of Tennessee these restrictions can be removed with safety.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 21, 1864.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF IOWA,

Davenport, Iowa:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that from June 1 to December 31, 1863, 4,800 volunteers, for three years" service, have been credited to the State of Iowa. This number is exclusive of re- enlistment of veterans in the field.

The foregoing, from an examination of our records, is found to be in accordance with the claims of the State, as per the quarterly statements of your adjutant-general for September 30 and December 31, after making a deduction of 382 men from the strength (903) as claimed for the First African Regiment of Infantry. The total 903 for the said regiment cannot be credited to Iowa, as the 382 men thereof are mustered in as from the State of Missouri.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, January 21, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

The quota of Maine will be filled and overrun by re-enlistments, still some sub-districts will fail to furnish their men purposely and without justifaction. If deemed advisable, will a draft be ordered in such defaulting districts and the number beyond our quota be allowed on the next call? The State will have to pay the amount of the municipal bounty to some of these soldiers re- enlisting, but will not want towns which shirk their duty to have the benefit of that.

SAMUEL CONY,

Governor of Maine.

