
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 26, 1864.

Governor PARKER,

Trenton, N. J.:

The 100-days" men will not be exempted from draft; but if any of them should be drafted the 100-days" service will be credited to the person so drafted and reduce the term of service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 26, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

This morning's report of the Adjutant-General shows that since the date of the proposition made by you and other Governors of Western States to the President thirty-eight regiments of infantry troops, numbering over 32,000, have been called out, armed, equipped, and sent from the State of Ohio to the respective posts designated by this Department, and this while the draft is going on for three-years" men, and all the veteran troops in the field re-enlisted. This prompt and energetic action of yourself, your staff, and the loyal people of the State exhibits an unmatched effort of devoted patriotism and stern determination to spare no sacrifice to maintain the National Government and overthrow the rebellion. You will please accept for yourself and the patriotic people of Ohio the thanks of the President and of this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 204. Washington, May 27, 1864.

The following resolution of Congress is published for the information of all concerned. All officers in the U. S. service, from whom reports of military operations are due, and who have not forwarded the same, are hereby required to transmit them to the Adjutant-General of the Army without delay:

PUBLIC RESOLUTION--Numbers 27. A RESOLUTION to provide for the printing of official reports of the operations of the armies of the United States.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to furnish the Superintendent of Public Printing with copies of all such correspondence, by telegraph or otherwise, reports of commanding officers, and documents of every description in relation to the existing rebellion, to be found in the archives of his Department since the first day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty, to the present time, and during the continuance of said rebellion, which may be, in his opinion, proper to be published with said correspondence, reports, and documents, [which] shall be arranged in their proper chronological order.

SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Printing shall cause to be printed and bound (in addition to the usual number) ten thousand copies of such correspondence, reports, and documents, in volumes of not exceeding (as near as may be) eight hundred octavo pages each, which shall be distributed by the Secretary of the Senate, as follows, to wit: Five hundred

