
copies to the War Department; one complete copy to each State library of every State in the Union, and five complete copies to public libraries in each Congressional District the United States, to be designated by the Representatives of the present Congress from such district; and of the remaining copies three thousand shall be for the use of members of the present Senate, and six thousand for the use of members of the present House of Representatives.

SEC. 3. And be it further resolved. That it shall also be the duty of the Secretary of War to cause a complete index of the matter contained in each volume to be prepared and inserted therein.

SEC. 4. And be it further resolved. That all resolutions adopted by either House of Congress, at its present session, directing the printing of any of the correspondence, reports, or documents, as above contemplated, be, and the same are hereby, rescinded.

Approved May 19, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 27, 1864.

Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort:

The proposition contained in your telegram of the 25th in relation to consolidating your six-months" men is approved, and also filling up with three-months" men, whose places are to be supplied by others at the end of their term.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 28, 1864-11 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

We have dispatches from the Army of the Potomac down to 7 o"clock this morning. On Thursday night General Grant commenced a movement to turn the enemy's position between the North and South Anna, by passing rapidly down the north side of the Pamunkey and crossing at Hanovertown. This was in course of successful accomplishment, and it was believed the whole army would be across by noon to-day at Hanovertown and ferry, which brings our army within fifteen miles of Richmond.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor Morton, Indianapolis; Governor Bramlette, Frankfort; Governor Yates, Springfield; Governor Stone, Davenport; Governor Lewis, Wisconsin.)

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I earnestly request that all troops for 100-days" service be mustered by companies. They cannot be clothed until mustered, and they are becoming demoralized and deserting. I will complete regimental organization next week. I regret to say that the disloyal disposition,

