
Instead of seeking the revocation of my orders, of which, by the way, very few disinterested Union men will complain, I beg you to accept them as auxiliaries to your own labors and that of your law officers. My books, authority, detective, &amp;c., are all at your direction. I take pleasure in tendering them to you.

As your letter was written with the knowledge and permission of the President, may I hope you will be kind and generous enough to submit this paper to him?

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding Middle Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 30, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE:

SIR: Under the orders of the Secretary of War the department has made complete arrangements for the prompt muster-out and discharge of all regiments, detachments, and individuals of the volunteer forces whose terms of service may hereafter expire. With the arrangements as made there can be no delay, and consequently no inconvenience or hardship to the enlisted men, if the regimental officers will perform their duty by looking after the records and rolls of their respective commands, and thus secure and furnish the necessary data upon which a muster-out and discharge can be based. After the arrival of volunteers in the State, as well as during their transit thereto, it is the duty of the commissioned officers to look closely after the comfort and interests of the enlisted men in all respects, and to remain constantly with them, so as to control them. With the view of holding neglectful officers to a strict accountability, I am directed to respectfully request that you will cause al such as may come under your notice to be reported to the superintendent of recruiting service and chief mustering officer for the State, who will make report thereof to this office. Prompt measures will then be taken to summarily punish the guilty parties.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan. Copy to Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East; Major General Lew. Wallace, commanding Middle Department; Major- General Heintzelman, commanding Northern Department; Major- General Couch, commanding Department of the Susquehanna; Major- General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri; Major- General Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac; Major-General Banks, commanding Department of the Gulf; Major-General Steele, commanding Department of Arkansas; Major-General Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina; Brigadier- General Hatch, commanding Department of the South; Major-General Pope, commanding Department of the Northwest; Major-General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi; Major-General

