
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 206. Washington, June 3, 1864.

SENTENCE OF DESERTERS.

To avoid misconstruction, General Orders, Numbers 76, of February 26, and Numbers 196, of May 12, 1864, are hereby republished:

Numbers 76. The President directs that the sentencs of all deserters who have been condemned by court-martial to death, and that have not been otherwise acted upon by him, be mitigated to imprisonment during the war at the Dry Tortugas, Fla., where they will be sent under suitable guards by orders from army commanders.

The commanding generals, who have power to act on proceedings of courts-martial in such cases, are authorized in special cases to restore to duty deserters under sentence when in their judgment the service will be hereby benefited.

Copies of all orders issued under the foregoing instructions will be immediately forwarded to the Adjutant-General and to the Judge-Advocate-General.

Numbers 196.

General Orders, Numbers 76, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, February 26, 1864, commuting the capital sentences of deserters to imprisonment during the war at the Dry Tortugas, Fla., are so amended as to direct the discharge from the service of the United States, with forfeiture of pay and allowances due, of all persons to whose cases the provisions of the general orders apply.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-It is not the intention of the last order to remit the penalty of imprisonment at the Dry Tortugas during the war, but to aid thereto discharge, with loss of pay and allowances due.

The order applies to soldiers convicted only of desertion, and does not relate to persons convicted of other crimes. The latter class will be punished according to their respective sentences.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 4, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERALS ARMIES AND DEPARTMENTS:

Chief mustering officers in the respective States report that veteran volunteers recently re-enlisted for three years, and recruits whose terms of service have not expired, and who are, therefore, not entitled to discharge, are being sent and arriving in the States for the purpose of muster out and discharge. This indicates great neglect on the part of subordinate officers, particularly regimental and company commanders, and should be corrected and stopped at once by ordesr from you. In Circular Numbers 36, current series, from this office, the discharge of such men is particularly referred to and prohibited.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies sent all superintendents volunteer recruiting service.)

