
Fourth. The recruitment must be conducted in the State of Massachusetts.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, June 7, 1864.

Major C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have received so far 340 men from Kentucky. Am convinced from representations of loyal Kentuckians and from the papers that with my system I can recruit ten men to one, as now recruited, by forming regiments in the State and sending out my recruiting agents. The enlistments could be made by provost-marshals, so as to afford all necessary security that owners be compensated.

If you will let me establish camp at five places in State and give me one company of troops raised here to form nucleus at each camp, I will agree to fill five regiments in six weeks.

General Webster, General Sherman's chief of staff, unofficially approves my proposition. Can"t I do it? Please answer.

R. D. MUSSEY.

OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE, Little Rock, Ark., June 8, 1864.

AN ACT to raise a military force for the defense of the State of Arkansas.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Arkansas, That the Governor of this State be required to make known to the President of the United States the helpless condition of the people of this State, and of the cruelty of marauding bands of guerrillas, bushwhackers, and murderers, and request him to allow all the Arkansas troops now in the United States service to remain in this State for active service and defense, and that it be made the special business to hunt out the marauding bands of thieves and robbers now infesting the State.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the Governor request of the President of the United Stats authority to raise such numbers of troops as may seem to him best, and in such manner and kind as the circumstances may require, to be termed Arkansas Rangers, with the understanding that said troops when so raised are to remain in the State, and so far as compatible with the public defense are to serve in the district or portion of the State in which they may be raised, the officers thereof to be selected from the most loyal and patriotic citizens of Arkansas and to be commissioned by the Governor, and that they be mustered into the service of the United States for the term of three years unless sooner discharged, and that they be fed, clothed, armed, and equipped by the Government of the United States as other troops of said service of like description: Provided, however, That said troops shall be subject to the orde Department of Arkansas, and may by his order be marched out of the State for a period of thirty days when in his judgment their services are necessary to repel threatened invasion of the State.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the special duty of said troops, when organized in manner aforesaid, to hunt out and exterminate all marauding and lawless bands, and assist so far as may be consistent with the public defense in the enforcement of the civil laws of the State and the restoration of peace and quiet.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor may be satisfied that the authorities of the United States are willing to receive such number of troops as he may be able to raise upon the condition set forth in the foregoing sections of this act, he shall issue his proclamation calling for volunteer enlistment of troops in such number and kind as he may have agreed to furnish, and appoint true and patriotic men of Arkansas to command each regiment embraced in the call.

