
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 9, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: On the recommendation of Major-General Rosecrans by indorsement on a letter dated the 17th ultimo, from the Honorable S. H. Boyd, relative to raising additional troops for the protection of the southwest part of the State, you are hereby authorized to raise two regiments of volunteer infantry under the following conditions:

First. The regiments to be recruited to serve three years or during the war, the recruitment to be conducted in the State of Missouri.

Second. The regiments to be recruited without conditions as to place of service.

Third. The first regiment must be completely organized and mustered into the U. S. service before the second one is commenced.

Fourth. The organization, musters, and recruitment of the force must conform strictly to the requirements of the mustering and recruiting regulations, including General Orders, Numbers 131, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office.

Fifth. The first regiment must be complete within the period of sixty days from the date of acceptance of this authority by you.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Matters in Kentucky are assuming a troubled appearance. General Ewing is telegraphing me for troops; says that Louisville and line of Nashville road are nearly defenseless. We have no troops here to spare. General Heintzelman has sent a regiment from Camp Dennison to-day, and one from Johnson's Island with a battery to Covington, in order to cover Cincinnati. These must not be taken from his control farther into Kentucky. We have sent too many East. Have no more now than are required to guard prisoners. Why cannot these prisoners at Camp Chase be removed to Eastern fortifications, where fewer men can hold them? This would be a relief. External raids and internal trouble in Indiana and Illinois promise a warm summer's work. You must leave us the means of self-protection and give us all the aid you can.

JNO. BROUGH,

Governor.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 21. Washington, D. C., June 10, 1864.

The following resolution is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

PUBLIC--Numbers 87. AN ACT to repeal the first section of the joint resolution relative to the transfer of persons in the military service to the naval service, approved February twenty- fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the first section of the joint resolution

