
entitled "A joint resolution relative to the transfer of persons in the military service to the naval service," approved February twenty-four, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.

Approved June 3, 1864.

The joint resolution referred to is in the following words.*

Circular Numbers 13, current series, from this office, and all instructions based thereon, establishing regulations for the proper execution of the joint resolution thus repealed, are hereby revoked.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, June 10, 1864.

Governor YATES,

Springfield:

General Heintzelman reports to this Department that the State authorities of Illinois refuse to recognize his authority over troops mustered into the service of the United States, refuse to permit the troops to go where they are ordered, and assume the right and authority to control them. Will you please to inform me on what ground the State authorities claim or exercise any control over troops after they have been mustered into the service of the United States?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 10, 1864.

(Received 5.10 a. m. 11th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I do not claim the right to control the troops, after they have mustered, to prevent their going to the places ordered, nor any of the State authorities, so far as I know.

There is a misrepresentation somewhere. I have hurried the troops off as fast as raised to the places ordered.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am informed that Congresman Cox has been tampering with the One hundred and thirty-third Regiment National Guards, and advising them to refuse obedience to orders sending them to the front.

Several complaints have been received for members of regiment protesting against being sent forward. I telegraphed the colonel to expel Cox from the guard lines. Cannot something be done to prevent this unwarranted interference by Cox with our troops?

The regiment being from this city he is desirous of securing their favor. Governor Brough is at Cincinnati.

B. R. COWEN,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Public Resolution Numbers 14 (omitting section 2) published in General Orders, Numbers 81, February 29, p. 144.

---------------

