
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 10, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In answer to your indorsement of the 1st instant relative to veterans and re-enlistments in and from the Missouri State Militia, the same having been submitted to the War Department by His Excellency the Governor of Missouri, I am directed by the Secretary of War to communicate the following:

I. You are authorized to collect the veteran volunteers re- enlisted from the regiments of the Missouri State Militia and form them into a regiment, or in case the number re-enlisted is not sufficient to form a regiment, into a battalion.

II. If there are other men in the regiments of Missouri State Militia who desire to re-enlist for unconditional volunteer service, they may do so, and will be received under the following conditions:

1. The number in each regiment will be ascertained, discharged, and re-enlisted for three years or during the war.

2. After the detachments from the respective regiments have been re-enlisted they will be collected and formed into one or more regiments depending on the total number, one regiment, however, to be completely organized before an additional one is commenced.

3. The regiments as rapidly as formed will be mustered into service with minimum regimental organization.

4. The men re-enlisting will receive the bounty provided by law, namely, the $100 authorized by the act of July, 1861 (General Orders, Numbers 49), the same to be paid under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 163, series of 1863, from this office.

5. The discharges from the militia regiments and the musters into and formation of the new regiments will be under the direction of the commissary of musters for the department and his assistants.

6. The new regiments as herein authorized will be organized and mustered into service in accordance with the requirements of the Mustering Regulations.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 10, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that when 100-days" men are mustered into service State authorities have no control over them. You will enforce any orders which have been given you to move such troops, and will arrest any person interfering without authority of the War Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CINCINNATI, June 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Burbridge appears this morning to be driving Morgan successfully, though he keeps too much in rear to promise capture. There does

