
not appear to be much danger to Sherman's communications or approach to the river. Infantry is of little account except to guard important points. You must change policy in Kentucky. Rebel sympathizers in the State encourage and aid these raids to injure Union citizens. Those parties should be subjected to prompt assessments to cover damages. Nothing but a vigorous application of Maryland policy will save Kentucky, and the longer that is delayed the more dangerous Kentucky becomes. The gun-boat idea is a good one, but light-draft boats must be used, in view of low summer water. If the Navy Department cannot furnish them I think men can be found here to fit out and organize a fleet. My movements for a few days are uncertain. Communications sent to Columbus will be promptly forwarded to me. Will write you.

JNO. BROUGH,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 13, 1864-10.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Louisville, Ky.:

Complaint is made to me that in the vicinity of Henderson our military are seizing negroes and carrying them off without their own consent, and according to no rules whatever except those of absolute violence. I wish you would look into this and inform me, and see that the making soldiers of negroes is done according to the rules you are acting upon, so that unnecessary provocation and irritation be avoided.

A. LINCOLN.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 13, 1864.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Telegram of this date received. I have no doubt there has been ground for complaint in the vicinity of Henderson, Ky., but I will take immediate measures to prevent a recurrence of any acts of violence on the part of officers engaged in recruiting colored troops in Kentucky.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, LOUISVILLE, KY., Numbers 20. June 13, 1864.

Recruiting of colored troops will take place in the State of Kentucky as rapidly as possible, and one or more officers will be placed in each county to receive the able-bodied colored men as they present themselves or are delivered by their owners. The unconditional Union men will, it is believed, cheerfully bring forward their slaves to assist in crushing the rebellion; and if others do not, it makes no difference, as all who present themselves for enlistment will be received and enlisted into the service of the United States.

In order that the State may receive credit for the volunteers thus secured, and that the rights of all may be protected, recruiting officers will present their recruits to the provost- marshal or deputy

