
provost-marshal for enlistment, and the latter officer will furnish the owners of the slaves with the necessary certificate of enlistment.

A camp of reception for recruits will be established in each Congressional district, where they will be organized into companies and regiments, armed, fully equipped, and prepared for service.

The following places are designated for this purpose:

First Congressional District, Paducah; Second Congressional District, Owensborough; Third Congressional District, Bowling Green; Fourth Congressional District, Lebanon; Fifth Congressional District, Louisville; Sixth Congressional District, Covington; Seventh and Eighth Congressional Districts, Camp Nelson; Ninth Congressional district, Louisa.

The superintendent of volunteer recruiting service for the State of Kentucky is instructed to accept and enlist any slave who may present himself for enlistment, provided such a slave is fit for any military service or duty in the engineer, quartermaster's, or commissary departments. Such men will be assigned to any invalid regiment in process of organization at the time of their enlistment. These instructions, however, until not be construed as authorizing the enlistment of free colored men or of slaves physically disqualified who may be presented by their owners for enlistment.

Brigadier General A. L. Chetlain, U. S. Volunteers, is charged with the immediate supervision of the organization of colored troops in Kentucky, as authorized herein, subject to such instructions as he may receive from Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

The assignment of Brigadier-General Chetlain to this duty will in no way interfere with his present position as commander of the colored troops in West Tennessee.

General Chetlain will establish his headquarters without delay at Louisville, Ky.

All commanders in Kentucky will afford General Chetlain every facility for carrying out the instructions contained in this order.

As early as possible colored troops will be used by General Chetlain for recruiting purposes, and will be distributed among the different camps of reception.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Saint Louis, June 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am directed by the Governor to inquire if any authorization has been issued from your Department, as yet, permitting the organization of six-months" volunteers in this State, as mentioned in the conversation which he had with you last week; also, whether any order has been made directing the muster into the U. S. service of the two provisional regiments of Enrolled Missouri Militia that have been on duty in Southwest Missouri for eighteen months past.

You will perhaps remember that the question of the muster in of the latter named, for the period of nine or twelve months, was discussed during the personal interview which he had with you, and that you promised to act immediately upon the matter as seemed best for the good of the service.

