
BALTIMORE, June 14, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram received. General Orders, Nos. 30 and 33, this department, are revoked, as you directed.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

DENVER, COLO., June 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Indian hostilities on our settlements commenced, as per information given you last fall. One settlement devastated twenty-five miles east of here. Murdered and scalped bodies brought in to-day. Our troops near all gone. Can furnish 100- days" men, if authorized to do so, to fight Indians. Militia cannot be made useful, unless in the U. S. service, to co-operate with troops. Shall I call a regiment of 100-day's men or muster into U. S. service the militia?

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 212. Washington, June 15, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC--Numbers 97. AN ACT relating to members of Congress, heads of departments, and other officers of the Government.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That no member of the Senate or House of Representatives shall, after his election and during his continuance in office, nor shall any head of a department, head of a bureau, clerk, or any other officer of the Government, receive, or agree to receive, any compensation whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for any services rendered, or to be rendered, after the passage of this act, to any person, either by himself or another, in relation to any proceeding, contract, claim, controversy, charge, accusation, arrest, or other matter or thing in which the United States is a party, or directly or indirectly interested, before any department, court- martial, bureau, officer, or any civil, military, or naval commission whatever. And any person offending against any provision of this act shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine not exceeding ten thousand dollars, and by imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, as the discretion of the court trying the same, and shall be forever incapable of holding any office of honor, trust, or profit under the Government of the United States.

Approved June 11, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: After reflecting upon the suggestions of Lieutenant-General Grant in regard to the use of the spurious currency called by the

