
a sufficient salary as guardian or custodian of each cemetery, making it a part of the contract with him that he shall live at the cemetery in quarters to be prepared for him, take charge of the whole conduct of interments, and perform appropriate religious services over all persons interred therein. I think that the detail by military authority of a chaplain to this duty daily is the better and more appropriate mode of meeting the difficulty, and I only suggest the employment by the Quartermaster's Department of persons for this purpose as a last resort. Upon this subject I respectfuly request your instructions.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 17, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: In reply to that portion of your letter of the 13th instant asking if authority has been given to raise six-months" troops in Missouri, I am directed to inform you that such authority has not been given. In reference to the regiments of enrolled militia, attention is invited to a letter from this office, of the 10th instant, to Major-General Rosecrans (a copy of which was sent Your Excellency*), which contains the orders and decision of the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 18, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you, in answer to a letter from you of this date by Colonel Jordan, military agent, that the Department will accept from the State of Pennsylvania two regiments of infantry under the following conditions:

First. The regiments to be filled and ready for muster into the U. S. service within fifteen days from the 20th instant.

Second. The term of service to be 100 days, reckoning from the date of muster into service of the United States, unless sooner discharged.

Third. The troops to be mustered into the service of the United States by regiments when the regiments are filled up, according to regulations, to the minimum strength, the regiments to be organized according to the regulations of the War Department.

Fourth. The troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, transported, and paid as other U. S. infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortifications or wherever their services may be required within or without their respective States.

Fifth. No bounty to be paid the troops, nor the service charged or credited to any draft.

---------------

*See p. 428.

---------------

