
endure an evil and forego a wrong rather than by seeking redress to thereby inflict a great evil and more enduring wrong by aiding the rebellion. By submitting to the infliction I do nto sanction but endure the wrong as resulting from rebellion and want of wisdom in the measures for its suppression. My hope was that by youring this cause of offense great good would result to the Union sentiment of that section of the State; that confidence in the just purposes of those administering the Government would be given, and the grave consequences of outbreaks and resistance, perhaps to bloodshed, in that section would be prevented. Such were my hopes and purposes.

Respectfully,

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 215. Washington, June 21, 1864.

* * * * *

24. Brigadier General A. S. Webb, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby detailed for temporary special recruiting service in connection with the Second Army Corps, and will report by letter to Brigadier-General Fry, Provost-Marshal-General, for instructions.

* * * * *

By order of Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 23. Washington, D. C., June 21, 1864.

I. To prevent misapprehension it is announced that the joint resolution of Congress approved June 3, 1864, and promulgated in Circular 21, current series, from this office, does not act to prevent the enlistment of substitutes in the Navy or Marine Corps for men drafted under the enrollment act.

Neither does it forbid the crediting of men enlisted in the Navy or Marine Corps, as provided for under sections 7, 8, and 9 of the act approved February 24, 1864, amendatory of the enrollment act.

Men enlisting in the Navy or Marine Corps as substitutes for drafted men must enlist as such for three years. Exemption will not be granted to the principals until they bring to the Board of Enrollment certificates from the authorized naval or marine recruiting officers of the fact that the substitutes have been actually accepted and received into the Navy or Marine Corps for three years.

II. Circular Numbers 19, dated May 26, 1864, was issued to accommodate persons actually absent from their residences and who, being themselves liable to military duty, might desire to furnish substitutes without being put to the inconvenience of returning to their States or homes in order to do so. It is not to be construed or used as authorizing recruiting for the Army, Navy, or Marine Corps in the State for the credit of another, through brokers or otherwise, nor for any other purpose than the one as herein explained.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

