
one year from the passage of this act, an officer in the War Department, to be called the Second Assistant Secretary of War, whose salary shall be three thousand dollars per annum, payable in the same manner as that of the Secretary of War, who shall perform all such duties in the office of the Secretary of War, belonging to that Department, as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War, or as may be required by law.

Approved January 19, 1864.

II. PUBLIC-NO.3.

AN ACT to provide for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of officers and men actually employed in the Western Department or Department of Missouri.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of seven hundred thousand six hundred and twelve dollars and thirteen cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to carry into effect the act approved March twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to secure to the officers and men actually employed in the Western Department or Department of Missouri their pay, bounty, and pension: Provided, however, That, in the payment of the money hereby appropriated, such payment shall be made directly to the officers or soldiers by whom the services were rendered, or to their personal representatives, or to their agents appointed by powers of attorney, and no assignment of any sum due to any officer or soldier shall be valid; such payments to be made by paymasters of the United States Army: Provided further, however, That any person holding a power of attorney authorizing the receipt by him of the amount to be paid to any officer or soldier, may upon making and filing an affidavit to the effect that he is acting in the premises purely as agent, without personal interest, and that he will pay over the amount received either to the soldier or (in his absence) tho his wife or children, for their benefit, be entitled to receive such amount.

Approved January 22, 1864.

III. PUBLIC-NO.4.

AN ACT to amend the law prescribing the articles to be admitted into the mails of the Unites States.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of American in Congress assembled, That articles of clothing being manufactured of wool, cotton, or linen, and comprised in a package not exceeding two pounds in weight, addressed to any non-commissioned officer or private serving in the armies of the United States, may be transmitted in the mails of the United States at the rate of eight cents, to be in all cases prepaid, for every four ounces, or any fraction thereof, subject to such regulations as the Postmaster-General may prescribe.

Approved January 22, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 30. Washington, January 25, 1864.

The following is hereby established as the ration for issue by the Subsistence Department to adult refugees and to adult colored persons, commonly called "contrabands," when they are not employed at labor by the Government,and who may have no means of subsisting themselves, viz: Ten ounces of pork or bacon, or one pound of fresh beef; one pound of corn-meal five times a week; and one pound of flour or soft bread, or twelve ounces of hard bread, twice a week; and to every 100 rations ten pounds of beans, pease, or hominy; eight pounds of sugar; two quarts of vinegar; eight ounces of adamantine or star candles; two pounds of soap; two pounds of salt; and fifteen pounds of potatoes, when practicable. To children under fourteen years of

