
be wholly at variance with the language of the statute, and virtually claims the right to determine the manner in which and by whom the laws of this State shall be executed; all of which is an assumption of authority which rightfully belongs to the Executive and other State officials.

I would further represent that the laws of Connecticut direct the payment of such bounty "when the volunteer shall have been mustered into the service of the United States," and up to the time of issuing the order by Major-General Dix, above referred to, the State and national authorities have acted in perfect harmony in efforts to fill the armies of the United States; that the officers of the United States Government connected with the acting assistant provost-marshal-general's office, and in the several Congressional districts, have rendered the officers of the State all needed facilities, and made all proper certificates of the muster of men into the service of the United States, by reason of which the State bounties have been paid with promptness and volunteering encouraged; but in consequence of the order above referred to certificates are now, as I am informed, withheld, the payment of bounties indefinitely postponed, and volunteering discouraged and checked; also, that while the call for troops made by the President was based upon the necessity of enforcing the laws of the United States enacted for the preservation of civil liberty, the order aforesaid sustained by such high authority places the General Government unnecessarily in a position of hostility to State authorities, obstructs the execution of State laws relating to a subject over which the General Government has no jurisdiction, and is as hostile to the rights and as dangerous to the liberties of the people as the rebellion now raging against the Government of the United States. It cannot be justified until the State shall first be placed under martial law.

I would, therefore, request of you a revocation of the order to which reference has been made, so that the laws of Connecticut, which are in harmony with the sovereignty of the General Government, may be executed by her own officers, and that the provost-marshals of the several Congressional districts be directed to furnish, as formerly, certificates of muster at the time when men are mustered into the service of the United States, so that the State of Connecticut can pay the bounties to volunteers in accordance with the provision of her own laws.

I am, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.] State of Connecticut, Executive Department. Copies of Correspondence, &amp;c., New Haven, June 17, 1864.

A.

CIRCULAR.] ACTG. ASST. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Hartford, Conn., May 2, 1864.

Agreeably to instructions received from the major-general commanding the department, provost-marshal are directed not to allow any part of the bounty money due to a recruit to be paid to a broker, or otherwise diverted from the hands of the recruit himself, by any

