
assignment, either verbal or written, such assignment being considered fraudulent, as given without consideration.

Provost-marshals will in all cases determine that the recruit himself is the only person entitled to receive the bounty money.

D. D. PERKINS,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

Captain R. M. CLARKE,

Provost-Marshal Second District, New Haven.

B.

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, New Haven, May 19, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that in January last the General Assembly of Connecticut passed an act for the payment of a bounty to volunteers, which provides that--

There shall be paid the sum of three-hundred dollars from the treasury of this State by the paymaster-general to the order of each non-commissioned officer, musician, artificer, or private who shall enlists and be mustered into the service of the United States.

Also, that I have before me a copy of an order issued by Major D. D. Perkins, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, to the provost-marshals of the several Congressional districts in this State, by which they are--

Directed not to allow any part of the bounty money due to a recruit to be paid to a broker or otherwise diverted from the hands of the recruit himself by any assignment, either verbal or written, such assignment being considered fraudulent, as given without consideration. Provost-marshals will in all cases determine that the recruit himself is the only person entitled to receive the bounty money.

I would call your attention to the fact that the order as above quoted, which, I am informed, was issued under your authority, is in direct conflict with the statute of Connecticut, and therefore I respectfully request you to revoke or modify the same, so that it shall not apply to the payment of bounties authorized by the Legislature of this State.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

C.

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, New Haven, May 30, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request your early reply and decision upon the application for a revocation or modification of your order to the provost-marshals of Connecticut, made by this department and addressed to you on the 19th instant.

With high regard, I am your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

