
I therefore trust that it will not be made, or if it has been that Colonel Pardee will be at once discharged.

I do not intend to burden you with correspondence from this department, and trust that your protracted silence in reference to other communications need not be understood as indicating that its continuance now is not desired.

Very respectfully, yours,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, New Haven, June 17, 1864.

I hereby certify that the above document, marked A, is a true copy of a circular transmitted to this department by Captain and Prov. March R. M. Clarke; also that the letters marked B, C, e copies of letters on record in this department, and that the letters marked D and F are true copies of original letters on file in this department.

JOHN C. DAY,

Executive Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General's OFFICE, Numbers 215. Washington, June 22, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC--Numbers 101. AN ACT making appropriations for the support of the Army for the year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support of the Army for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five:

For expenses of recruiting, transportation of recruits, and compensation to citizen surgeons for medical attendance, three hundred thousand dollars.

For purchase of books of tactic and instructions for volunteers, fifty thousand dollars.

For contingent expenses of the adjutant-general's department at the headquarters of the several military departments, five thousand dollars.

For copying official reports of the armies of the United States for publication, five thousand dollars.

For bounties and premiums for the enlistment [enlistment] of recruits for the Regular Army, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For the pay of advance bounties to volunteers and drafted men, five million dollars.

For pay of premiums, rent of buildings and grounds, transportation, subsistence, lodging, commutation of fuel and quarters, straw, postage, stationery, advertising, medicines, and medical attendance, and all other necessary expenses incidental to the colecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers, and for the necessary expenses under the enrollment act, five million dollars.

For pay of the Army, nine million hundred and seventy-one thousand two hundred and forty-three dollars and sixty cents.

For commutation of officers" subsistence, one million seven hundred and twenty-three thousand six hundred and twenty-nine dollars and fifty cents.

For commutation of forage for officers" horses, one hundred and four thousand six hundred dollars.

For payments in lieu of clothing for officers" servants, eighty- two thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars.

For payments to discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

