
ordnance, ordnance stores, and small-arms, from foundries and armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and army depots; freights, wharfage, tools, and ferriage; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and harness, and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships, and other seagoing vessels, and boats required for the transportation of supplies and for garrison purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of funds for the pay and other disbursing departments; the expense of sailing public transports on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts as, from their situation, require it to be brought from a distance; and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions from roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may be required for the actual operations of the troops in the field, forty million dollars.

For hire or commutation of quarters for officers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops; of store-houses for the safe- keeping of military stores; of grounds for summer cantonments; for the construction of temporary huts, hospitals, and stables, and for repairing public buildings at established posts, five million dollars.

For heating and cooking stoves, one hundred thousand dollars.

For constructing and extending the telegraph, for military purposes, and for expenses in operating the same, two hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.

For supplies, transportation, and care of prisoners of war, nine hundred thousand dollars.

For purchasing, constructing, and maintenance of steam rams, two hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars.

For clothing for the army, camp and garrison equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals, fifty-eight million dollars.

For contingencies of the Army, four hundred thousand dollars.

For medicines, instruments, and dressings, two million seven hundred and fifteen thousand dollars.

For hospital stores, bedding, and so forth, three million five hundred and eighty-seven thousand eight hundred and fifty-two dollars.

For hospital furniture and field equipments, six hundred and eighteen thousand dollars.

For books, stationery, and printing, one hundred and twenty- thousand dollars.

For ice, fruits, and other comforts, three hundred thousand dollars.

For hospital clothing, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For citizen nurses, two hundred and ten thousand dollars.

For care of sick soldiers in private hospitals, thirty-one thousand two hundred dollars.

For artificial limbs for soldiers and seamen, forty-five thousand dollars.

For citizen physicians, and medicines furnished by them, four hundred and five thousand dollars.

For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying depots, seventy-five thousand dollars.

For examining and recording meteorological observations taken at the military posts of the United States Army, seven hundred and fifty dollars.

For Army Medical Museum, five thousand dollars.

For contingent expenses of the Medical Department, forty-seven thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight dollars.

For laboratory for testing and rearranging medicines and hospital supplies, five thousand dollars.

For washing and washing machines for hospitals where matrons cannot be employed, fifteen thousand dollars.

For expenses of the Commanding General's Office, ten thousand dollars.

For the secret service, one hundred thousand dollars.

For armament of fortifications, two million dollars.

For the current expenses of the ordnance service, five hundred thousand dollars.

For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, including the purchase and manufacture of arms, accouterments, and horse equipments, for volunteers and regulars, twenty million dollars.

For the manufacture of arms at the National Armory, two million five hundred thousand dollars.

For repairs, improvements, and new machinery at the National Armory, one hundred thousand dollars.

For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, two million dollars.

For repairs and improvements at arsenals, including new and additions to present buildings, and machinery, tools, and fixtures, two million dollars.

