
SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the army ration shall hereafter be the same as provided by law and regulations on the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one: Provided, That the ration of pepper prescribed in the eleventh section of the "Act to promote the efficiency of the Corps of Engineers, and of the Ordnance Department, and for other purposes," approved March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall continue to be furnished as heretofore. But nothing contained in this act shall be construed to alter the commutation value of rations as regulated by existing laws.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned officers and privates in the Regular Army, serving under enlistments made prior to July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall have the privilege of re-enlisting, for the term of three years, in their respective organizations, until the first day of August next; and all such non-commissioned officers and privates so re-enlisting shall be entitled to the bounties mentioned in the joint resolution of Congress approved January thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be added to the battalion of engineers one sergeant-major, who shall be paid thirty-six dollars per month, and one quartermaster-sergeant, who shall also be commissary-sergeant, who shall be paid twenty-two dollars per month.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That there shall be attached to, and made a part of, the War Department, during the continuance of the present rebellion, a bureau to be known as the Bureau of Military Justice, to which shall be returned for revision the records and proceedings of all the courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and military commissions of the armies of the United States, and in which a record shall be kept of all proceedings had thereupon.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, as the head of said Bureau, a Judge-Advocate-General, with the rank, pay, and allowances of a brigadier-general, and an assistant judge-advocate-general, with the rank, pay, and allowances of a colonel of cavalry. And the said Judge-Advocate-General and his assistant shall receive, revise, and have recorded the proceedings of the courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and military commissions of the armies of the United States, and perform such other duties as have heretofore been performed by the Judge-Advocate-General of the armies of the United States.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War shall have power to appoint for said Bureau one fourth-class, on third-class, one second-class, and two-first class clerks.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Government shall furnish transportation and subsistence to discharged officers and soldiers from the place of their discharge to the place of their enrollment or original muster into the service, they shall not be entitled to travel, pay, or commutation of subsistence.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That so much of the fifth section of the act entitled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting the public property," approved July twenty-second, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, as provides, that each company officer, non-commissioned officer, private, musician, and artificer of cavalry, shall furnish his own horse and horse equipments, and shall receive forty cents per day for their use and risk, is hereby repealed, except only so far as the same may hereafter be made to apply and relate to mounted troops called into the service of the United States for a term not exceeding six months.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passage of this act, the pay of clerks of paymasters in the Army of the United States shall be twelve hundred dollars per annum, without rations.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That the thirty-first section of an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March third, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby, so amended as that an officer may have, when allowed by order of his proper commander, leave of absence for other cause than sickness or wounds, without deduction from his pay or allowances: Provided, That the aggregate of such absence shall not exceed thirty days in any one year.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted, That all laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this act are hereby repealed.

Approved June 20, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

29 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

