
In reaching the reduced standard, the non-commissioned officers in the aforesaid grades will be retained until the grades become vacant by the usual casualties of service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 218. Washington, June 25, 1864.

The following errors occur in General Orders, Numbers 195, from this office, publishing the standard supply table for horse medicines. Under the head Articles, supply the word ounces after "lunar caustic." Under the head Instruments, after 'scales and weights," read syringes instead of 'springs."

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 24. Washington, D. C., June 25, 1864.

The attention of boards of enrollment is called to section 6 of the act amendatory of the enrollment act, which is in the following words, viz:

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That boards of enrollment shall enroll all persons liable to draft under the provisions of this act and the act to which this is an amendment whose names may have been omitted by the proper enrolling officers, all persons who shall arrive at the age of twenty years before the draft, all aliens who shall declare their intention to become citizens, all persons discharged from the military or naval service of the United States who have not been in such service two years during the present war, and all persons who have been exempted under the provisions of the second section of the act to which this is an amendment, but who are not exempted by the provisions of this act; and said boards of enrollment shall release and discharge from draft all persons who, between the time of the enrollment and the draft, shall have arrived at the age of forty-five years, and shall strike the names of such persons from the enrollment.

Attention is also called to paragraphs 55,56,57,58,59,60,61, and 62, Revised Regulations for the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal- General.

It is to be borne in mind by the boards that their duties in regard to the correction of the enrollment do not cease with its revision, as recently completed or now in progress. On the contrary, the revision and correction of these lists is a continuous duty to which the labors of all boards must be directed. The names of persons removing to or from a district will be added to or stricken from the lists, and notification thereof must be served upon the other Board of Enrollment concerned.

The Board of Enrollment shall have copies of the enrollment lists open to the examination of the public at all proper times, and shall give public notice that any person enrolled may appear before the Board and claim to have a name stricken off the list if he can show to the satisfaction of the Board that the person named is not properly enrolled, on account of-

1. Alienage.

2. Non-residence.

3. Over age.

