
4. Permanent physical disability of such degree as to render the person not a proper subject for enrollment under the law and regulations.

Civil officers, clergymen, and all other prominent citizens are invited to appear at all times before the Board to point out errors in the lists and to give such information in their possession as may aid in the correction and revision thereof.

To the duty of hearing and acting upon claims for exemption boards of enrollment are enjoined to devote all the time that can be spared from other less pressing duties. They will report to the Provost-Marshal-General for the purpose of correcting lists on file, at the end of each month, upon sheets of consolidated enrollment lists, the names and residences of all persons who have been added to or stricken from the rolls during the month. They will send with each report a recapitulation, showing in concise form the number enrolled at the time of forwarding the last list, the number stricken from the enrollment, and the number added to it since that time, and its actual condition at date of report.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I repaired to Chattanooga and opened communication with General Sherman. He reports that he is receiving no negroes, as they are scarce in Northern Georgia, having been driven to Macon and Columbus. The general prefers them armed with spades and axes to soldiers at the present time, but does not object to the enlistment of any surplus negroes coming within his lines. I may have to fill the two incomplete regiments at Chattanooga with recruits from Kentucky. They made an excellent appearance. I shall have to investigate the acts of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, a Tennessee officer commanding at Gallatin, Tenn., reported as driving the negro refugees beyond his line, and returning fugitive slaves to rebel masters in Simpson County, KY. His Tennessee cavalry are reported as treating them harshly and cruelly, kicking and abusing them. The heavy artillery regiment at Paducah numbers, 1,019. I will send infantry officers there as soon as I can get them. There are near 1,000 blacks at the camp at Louisville and 1,000 at Camp Nelson. As soon as the officers arrive I will organize two regiments and distribute them for recruiting purposes. The same system will be carried out in Tennessee. The negroes, seeing armed parties of their own people passing through the country, will readily join them, being satisfied of protection. I leave for Louisville the 26th instant.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 25. Washington, D. C., June 26, 1864.

Persons not fit for military duty and not liable to draft from age or other causes have expressed a desire to be personally represented in the Army. In addition to the contributions they have made in the

