
Second. That no recruits have been obtained in Ireland or in Canada for the Army of the United States with my knowledge or consent, and, to the best of my information and belief, none have been obtained nor any effort made to obtain them.

Third. That neither Irishmen nor Canadians have with my knowledge, approbation, or consent, or with the knowledge, approbation, or consent of any one in this Department been induced to emigrate to this country in order to enlist into the Army.

Fourth. That no measures have been adopted by this Department to arrest any such conduct, because no information of any such conduct has reached the Department, and I do not believe that it has been practiced in any instance.

I will add that no encouragement or inducement whatever has been extended by this Department to any person or persons to obtain recruits for the Army anywhere beyond the limits of the United States.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] NAVY DEPARTMENT, June 27, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reference to this Department of a resolution passed in the Senate of the United States on the 24th instant, requesting the President of the United States "to inform the Senate if any authority has been given to any one, either in this country or elsewhere, to obtain recruits in Ireland or in Canada for our Army or Navy; and whether any such recruits have been obtained, or whether, to the knowledge of the Government, Irishmen of Canadians have been induced to emigrate to this country in order to be so recruited; and if so, what measures, if any, have been adopted to arrest such conduct," and to state in reply that no such order as that indicated in the resolution has been given by the Navy Department to any one, either in this country or elsewhere, nor is the Navy Department aware that any recruits have been obtained, or that inducements have been offered to Irishmen or Canadians to emigrate to this country in order to be so recruited.

On the occasion of a visit of the U. S. steamer Kearsarge to Queenstown, Ireland, in November last, several Irishmen secreted themselves on board the vessel, were carried off in her, and when discovered were returned to that port and put ashore. This circumstance gave rise to a charge that the Kearsarge had violated the foreign enlistment act of Great Britain. Captain Winslow, commanding the Kearsarge, disavowed having violated this act or any intention of permitting others under his command to do so. Explanations have been made to the British Government, and it is presumed the matter has been satisfactorily settled.

I am, sir, with very great respect, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

