
at the earliest possible day to protect said State of Arkansas against such invasion and domestic violence.

Resolved further, That this General Assembly recommend that mounted rangers are most suitable for service in this State, and they also suggest the propriety of employing the Arkansas troops now in the service of the United States as part for the defense of this State, believing that their intimate acquaintance with the different sections of the State will give them advantages in usefulness superior to other troops.

Approved June 1, 1864.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE, Little Rock, Ark., June 8, 1864.

AN ACT to aid the civil authorities and prevent bushwhacking in this State.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Arkansas, That the Governor be, and he is hereby, authorized to negotiate with the United States authorities for ten thousand stand of arms and ammunition to arm a loyal State militia for the defense of the State of Arkansas, and he is hereby authorized to pledge the credit of the State for the same.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That as soon as the Governor shall h ave obtained said arms and ammunition it shall be his duty to issue his proclamation calling for volunteer troops to serve for any term not less than ninety days, to be organized and officered as now prescribed by law: Provided, however, That he may commission such men as he knows to be loyal and trustworthy to recruit such number of men as he may think proper, and none but loyal and trustworthy men shall be permitted to bear arms in said organization, and no person shall be commissioned as an officer in said organization who has held an office, civil or military, by authority of the Confederate States Government, or by authority of any State while acting with the so-called Confederate States of America.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That the troops organized as aforesaid shall be divided into companies and battalions, and be distributed as near as possible throughout the section of country where they may have been recruited, but may, when necessary to repel invasion, be concentrated at any place in the State, but shall not be held at any such place for a longer period than thirty days at one time, and not then, unless in cases of invasion as aforesaid and the absolute interest of the State may require such concentration as aforesaid.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That the troops thus organized shall be mustered into the service of the State in such manner and at such time and place as the Governor may mention in his proclamation calling for such troops, and said troops when mustered into service shall be governed as near as possible by the rules and regulations for the government of the Armies of the United States, and the officers recruiting said volunteers shall make out a muster-roll with a description of each member of his company and the date of his enlistment, and transmit a copy thereof to the Governor to be kept on file in his office, and such troops are to serve without pay or expense to the State, and before being received into the service of the Senate they shall take the following oath, to wit: "I do solemnly swear that I

