
will bear true faith, allegiance, and loyalty to the Constitution of the United States and the constitution of this State; and I do further swear that I will obey all orders of the President of the United States, and the Governor of this State, and the officers appointed over me according to the Articles of War for the government of the Armies of the United States: So help me God."

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That when such troops are received into the service of the State as aforesaid it shall be the duty of the Governor to cause to be issued to them arms and ammunition, taking the officer's receipt therefor, and the officer deliver to and take a receipt from each member of his company for the arms thus issued, and they shall be responsible for the care and return of said arms so delivered to them except when lost in action or by unavoidable accident.

SEC. 6. Be it further enacted, That when the term of service of any such troops shall have expired it shall be the duty of the Governor to appoint a place and an officer whose duty it shall be to muster them out of the service.

SEC. 7. Be it further enacted, That all State militia provided for in this act shall wear, as a mark of distinction and for the purpose of being recognized at a distance, a band of red cloth three inches in width, to be worn on their hat or in the most conspicuous manner, and any person found wearing said mark of distinction who does not belong to said militia or to the Federal Army shall, by sentence of military authority, suffer death.

SEC. 8. Be it further enacted, That the Governor solicit a supply of saltd coffee from the authorities of the United States for the use of said militia, and that this act take effect and be in force from and after its passage.

Approved May 31, 1864

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Little Rock, Ark., June 29, 1864.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your Excellency will permit me to introduce to your favorable notice the bearer, William D. Snow, of Pine Bluff, Ark.

Mr. Snow is well aansas. He will be able to give you a satisfactory account of the policy pursued by the military authorities here. On the 10th of September last Little Rock was taken by General Davidson. Had the advantage been pressed the enemy west of the Mississippi would have been totally and forever demoralized. But so it was that their discomfited army was only pursued twenty miles, and thence forward to the present time paralysis has prostrated all effort.

At the time of the election the rebels were disheartened and the Union element triumphant. The hopes of the people were buoyant- the scale had turned in their favor, and security and protection were here. They went to work to recognize civil government. The President's proclamation came; it was received by loyal men as the dove from the ark-a harbinger of peace and restoration. Encouragement was given to hold elections and organize a State government. With trustful hearts it was done-not by the aid of military willingly given, but such aid as positive orders from the President

