
STATE OF IOWA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Davenport, June 30, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the Governor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 24th instant, with inclosure, giving account of debits and credits of the State of Iowa with General Government on calls made upon this State for troops.

You ask us to accept it as correct. I presume it is very near correct. We do not propose to quibble on the number, as we are willing to furnish all the men that the General Government demands to put down this accursed rebellion. I wish, however, to state that I have always and still do object to the quota of Iowa, under calls of 1861, as 19,316, Mr. Solicitor Whiting's opinion to the contrary notwithstanding. The President's call was for 500,000 men, and no one, except the President, had the right to increase the call, by any solicitor's opinion, or, consequently, the quota of Iowa.

With great respect,

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 30, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Your are authorized to call on the Governor of Kansas for a regiment of 100-days" men, to be raised on the same terms as those furnished by the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to wit:

The term of service to be 100 days, reckoning from the date of muster into the service of the United States, unless sooner discharged. The regiment to be mustered into the service of the United States when it has the minimum regimental strength, and to be organized according to the regulations of the War Department. The whole number to be furnished within twenty days from date. The troops to be clothed, armed, equipped, subsisted, and paid as other U. S. infantry volunteers, and to serve in fortifications or wherever their services may be required, within or without the State of Kansas. No bounty to be paid the troops, nor the service charged or credited on any draft. The draft for three-years" service to go on in any district where the quota is not filled up; but if any officer or soldier in this special service should be drafted, he shall be credited for the service rendered. You are also authorized to raise a negro battery, to be officered in the manner proposed in your telegram, and organized according to the regulations of the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

