
convenient places; and general rules of examination and a standard of qualifications shall be prescribed by said officers, subject to the approval of the Secretary of War, and shall be published in general orders.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That after such general orders shall have been published for sixty days, if any officer who shall then be ordered before a board of examiners, under the provisions of this act, shall fail for thirty days after receiving such special order to report himself as directed, all his pay and allowances shall cease and be forfeited until he does appear and report for examination; and if he shall still thereafter fail for a further period of thirty days so to appear, he shall thereupon be dropped from the rolls of the Army: Provided, however, That if such failure to appear and report shall have been occasioned by wounds or sickness, or other physical disability, then there shall be no forfeiture of pay until thirty days after such disability has been removed; but if in sixty days after the disability is removed the officer shall not report himself, he shall then be dropped from the rolls as in other cases.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That if the board of Examination shall report that any officer does not possess the requisite business qualifications, they shall forward the record of the examination of such officer to the head of the bureau to which he may belong; and if the head of such bureau shall approve the finding and report of the Board, he shall forward the same through the Secretary of War to the President of the United States; and if the President shall confirm the same, the officer so failing in his examination shall, if commissioned, be dismissed from the service with one month's pay; and if not yet commissioned, his appointment shall be revoked. And if the Board shall report that any officer fails to pass a satisfactory examination by reason of intemperance, gambling, or othnd if the head of thpprove the finding and report of the Board, and the same being communicated, as before provided, to the President and confirmed by him, then such officer shall be dismissed from the service without pay, and shall not be permitted to re-enter the service as an officer: Provided, That such dismissal shall not relieve him from liability under existing laws for any offense hemay have committed.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That the boards of examination shall forward all their records of examination to the heads of the bureaus to which they appertain, and such records shall be filed in the proper bureaus with a suitable index; and any officer who may desire it, shall be entitled to receive a copy of the record in his own case, upon paying the cost of copying the same.

Approved June 25, 1864.

II. PUBLIC-Numbers 126.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for the payment of horses and other property destroyed in the military service of the United States.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representation of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the act to which this is an amendment shall, from the commencement of the present rebellion, extend to and embrace all cases of the loss of horses by any officer, non-commissioned officer, or private in the military service of the United States, while in the line of their duty in such service, by capture by the enemy, whenever it shall appear that such officer, non-commissioned officer, or private, was or shall be ordered by his superior officer to surrender to the enemy, and such capture was or shall be made in pursuance of such surrender.

Approved June 25, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 1, 1864-10 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I understand that many of the 100-days" men express a willingness to re-enlist for the long term. I think it advisable that an order should

