
be published giving such of them as wish to re-enlist in the old regiments the benefit of the bounties offered and crediting the States to which they belong with the number so re-enlisting.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 2, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Bermuda Hundred:

With reference to the subject of your telegram of June 30, being a request on your part for discretionary authority to independent corps and department commanders to muster in certain officers in cases prohibited by General Orders, Numbers 182, of 1863, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that if the authority asked for be given the War Department will be responsible for the muster in of officers not authorized by law. Such discretionary authority cannot be rightly conceded.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel, Inspector-General U. S. Army.

[JULY 2, 1864.-For Curtis to Carney, calling for regiment of 100- days" men and authorizing the raising a negro battery, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 27.]

LEXINGTON, KY., July 3, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are at Camp Nelson 3,000 negroes, and they will be organized as soon as I can get officers, which is now my great want. I obtained officers for about three regiments from my officers, but these will be required at Louisville. Candidates are being examined here, and General Burbridge expects to give me officers for three regiments. I ought to have immediately officers for six other regiments. General Schofield has ordered several regiments of white troops to the front, and the employment of colored troops in this State will thus become a necessity. Indeed, General Burbridge desires to use them. As soon as I get officers recruiting will go on rapidly. The people of the State seem to realize the fact that slavery has almost entirely ceased to exist, and the true Union men are perfectly satisfied that the able-bodied men should be enlisted; and whilst the Southern sympathizers see the same fact, and know that they cannot prevent their enlistment, they keep quiet on the subject. Taking the negroes just now will interfere with saving the crops, but I have stated that the women and children shall be required to remain at home and be cared for by their owners. They can be made useful in securing the grain. It will not answer to take this class of slaves, as employment could not be obtained for them, and they would only be an expense to the Government. In this State, where slavery exists, I conceive I have only to do with those who can be put into the army. The railroad terminus is at Nicholasville, six miles from Camp Nelson. From the

