
are forwarded to this office), and all discharges of volunteers, except recruits rejected at the muster in (who are discharged by the mustering officer, and called "rejected recruits"), will be given only on the order of the commanding officer of the corps or department in which the man may be serving at the time of discharge. This will not be understood to confer upon corps or department commanders authority to grant discharges to enlisted men, except by orders from the War Department, to accept promotion, or expiration of term of service, for disability, or by sentence of a general court martial. Officers and soldiers of the volunteer force, discharged on expiration of term of service, should be mustered out of service by the commissary or assistant commissary of musters for their command.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 39. Washington, January 26, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

37. Brigadier General J. H. Wilson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the charge of the Cavalry Bureau of the War Department, and will relieve Brigadier-General Garrard therein without delay.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 26, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt from the War Department of the following papers, referred to this office for report, viz:

Copy of the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 6th of January, 1864, appointing a select committee of nine members to examine into the expediency of the establishment of a new route for postal and other purposes between New York and Washington; also of a copy of the resolution adopted by the select committee on the 17th of January, calling upon the Secretary of War and the Postmaster-General for all facts in their possession having a bearing upon the transmission of mails, troops, Government freight, &amp;c., between New York and Washington, and the facilities for such transmission since the present rebellion; and also the amounts paid for such service, at what rates, and to whom paid; whether any, and if so, what difficulties and delay have existed with reference to the same.

Understanding from the chairman of the committee that the committee is desirous of having at the earliest possible moment so much of the information called for as can be readily given, I have the honor to report in part:

The accounts of officers of the Quartermaster's Department are by law transmitted directly to the Third Auditor of the Treasury, who sends them to this office for administrative examination; after receiving which they are returned to him for final examination and settlement.

