
In reply I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that the arrangement you propose will be acceded to, and you are requested to call out 4,000 infantry in accordance with it. The details in connection with the subject will not differ materially otherwise from those heretofore prescribed in like cases. Will you please take such initiatory steps to-night as you may deem proper to hasten the raising of the troops, and have the kindness to call at my office at 10 a.m. to-morrow for a more full understanding?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., July 5, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM SCHOULER and

Major WILLIAM ROGERS,

State House, Boston, Mass.:

The only trouble about our quotas appears to be that Provost- Marshal-General has not credited Massachusetts with as many soldiers under the 700,000 men calls as Major Clarke has, and desires the particular of his credits of 36,000 men. General Fry consents to the credits claimed by us and explained in my last annual message.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., July 5, 1864.

Adjt. General WILLIAM SCHOULER and

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. BROWNE,

State House, Baston, Mass.:

Secretary Stanton desires 5,000 100-days" volunteers from Massachusetts to garrison fortifications of Washington. Get our fort companies to volunteer immediately for 100 days, if possible, and begin new companies additional. Issue an order and set the work going vigorously. Let all my staff make every effort. Communicate with all our companies. Telegraph to me at Willard's.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 5, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully urge that in the pending call for additional men the principles be established-

First. That at the expiration of the notice of fifty days any balance of the quota of any State that may be deficient shall be drafted from the population of the State that may not be at the time in the service of the United States.

Second. That this be construed to embrace the 100-days" men of the several States furnishing them, and that if any of such men be drafted the name of such man be set aside and another man be drawn to fill the place.

Third. That this rule be observed only while the 100-days" men are in service, and for fifty days thereafter, and after the expiration of

