
organization of volunteers in Texas, the following authority is hereby granted you by the Secretary of War:

First. You can for the force in Texas, in addition to the cavalry force already recruited, recruit and organize two or more regiments of volunteer cavalry (white troops) to form a cavalry brigade. It must be distinctly understood, however, that the horses must be obtained from Texas or elsewhere within your command, and must not be expected from the North.

Second. You may recruit as many regiments of volunteer infantry, white or colored, as can be organized from the persons desiring to enlist, on condition that the recruitment is conducted by successive regiments; that is, that one regiment shall be completely recruited and organized before another one is commenced.

Third. Officers for the troops herein authorized will be appointed by the War Department on your nomination.

The recruitment and musters must be governed by the requirements of the Recruiting and Mustering Regulations of the Army, and enlistments be made for two years, or as may be found most practicable.

Fourth. If you deem it expedient you may give authority to Judge Hancock to raise a brigade of infantry or cavalry subject to the foregoing conditions, to be commanded by himself, provided it be raised within sixty days from the date of your authority. The two regiments already raised may form a part of the brigade, consisting of four regiments if you think proper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the Senate and House of Representatives at their last session adopted a concurrent resolution, which was approved on the second day of July instant, and which was in the words following, namely:

That the President of the United States be requested to appoint a day for humiliation and prayer by the people of the United States; that he request his constitutional advisers at the head of the Executive Department to unite with him as Chief Magistrate of the Nation, at the city of Washington, and the members of Congress, and all magistrates, all civil, military, and naval officers, all soldiers, sailors, and marines, with all loyal and law-abiding people, to convene at their usual places of worship, or wherever they may be, to confess and repent of their manifold sins; to implore the compassion and forgiveness of the Almighty that, if consistent with His will, the existing rebellion may be speedily suppressed, and the supremacy of the Constitution and laws of the United States may be established throughout all the States to implore Him, as the Supreme Ruler of the world, not to destroy us as a people, nor suffer us to be destroyed by the hostility or connivance of other nations, or by obstinate adhesion to our own counsels which may be in conflict with His eternal purposes, and to implore Him to enlighten the mind of the Nation to know and to do His will, humbly believing that it is in accordance with His will that our place should be maintained as a united people among the family of nations; to implore Him to grant to our armed defenders and the masses of the people that courage, power of resistance, and endurance necessary to secure that result; to implore Him in His infinite goodness to soften the hearts, enlighten the minds, and quicken the consciences of those in rebellion that they may lay down their arms and speedily return to their allegiance to the United States, that they may not be utterly destroyed, that the effusion of blood may be stayed, and that unity and fraternity may be restored, and peace established throughout our borders.

