
immediate effect all the credits allowed by the Commission, unless they shall specially require reference to the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ALBANY, July 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will you receive volunteers for thirty days" service?

By order:

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General.

[JULY 7, 1864.-For Curtin to Stanton, announcing issue of proclamation for 12,000 troops, see Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 115.]

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A PROCLAMATION:

Whereas, at the late session Congress passed a bill to "guarantee certain States, whose governments have been usurped or overthrown, a republican form of government," a copy of which is hereunto annexed;

And whereas, the said bill was presented to the President of the United States for his approval less than one hour before the sine die adjournment of said session, and was not signed by him:

And whereas, the said bill contains, among other things, a plan for restoring the States in rebellion to their proper practical relation in the Union, which plan expresses the sense of Congress upon that subject, and which plan it is now thought fit to lay "Ku the people for their consideration:

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do proclaim, declare, and make known that, while I am (as I was in December last, when by proclamation I propounded a plan for restoration) unprepared by a formal approval of this bill to be inflexibly committed to any single plan of restoration; and while I am also unprepared to declare that the free State constitutions and governments already adopted and installed in Arkansas Louisiana shall be set aside and held for naught, thereby repelling and discouraging the loyal citizens who have set up the same as to further effort, or to declare aa constitutional competency in Congress to abolish slavery in States, but am at the same time sincerely hoping and expecting that a constitutional amendment abolishing slavery throughout the Nation may be adopted, nevertheless I am fully satisfied with the system for restoration contained in the bill as one very proper plan for the loyal people of any State choosing to adopt it, and that I am, and at all times shall be, prepared to give the executive aid and assistance to any such people, so soon as the military resistance to the United Stin any such State and the people thereof shall have sufficiently returned to their obedience to the Constitution and the laws of the United States, in which cases military Governors will be appointed, with directions to proceed according to the bill.

