
5. When deemed necessary, fresh vegetables, dried fruit, molasses, pickles, or any other proper food may be purchased and issued in lieu of any component part of the ration of equal money value. The Commissary-General of Subsistence is alone authorized to order such purchases.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 26. Washington, D. C., July 8, 1864.

I. Section 7 of the act approved July 4, 1864, "for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," is as follows:

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That instead of traveling pay, all drafted persons reporting at the place of rendezvous shall be allowed transportation from their places of residence, and persons discharged at the place of rendezvous shall be allowed transportation to their places of residence.

II. Paragraphs 134 and 135, Revised Regulations, Provost-Marshal- General's Bureau, page 21, are hereby rescinded.

III. Paragraph 133, Revised Regulations, Provost-Marshal- General's Bureau, page 21, is modified to read as follows:

To the "Notification of Draft" for all drafted persons will be attached a requisition for transportation (over the shortest usually traveled route) from their place of residence to the place of rendezvous; and all discharged drafted persons, except those furnishing substitutes or paying commutation money, will be furnished by provost-marshals with transportation from the rendezvous to their place of residence.

IV. Paragraph 147, Revised Regulations, Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, is amended to read as follows, in the last clause:

Accounts for payment of transportation furnished to Class II, and to the persons designated in paragraphs 133, 145, and 146 will be forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General.

V. When requisitions for transportation are issued by provost- marshals to deputies or special agents (see pars. 144-147, Regulations), to go in pursuit of deserters, this fact must be entered on the stub of the requisition book, in order that the expense of such transportation, in case the arrest is made, may be charged to the deserter. When the requisition is forwarded with the account for payment, mark on it the fact whether or not the deserter was arrested and held to service, and to what general rendezvous turned over.

JAMES B. FRY

Provost-Marshal-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., July 8, 1864.

(Received 5.20 p.m.)

Colonel J. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General:

I have discovered positively that there is an organization throughout the Western States the object of which is the destruction of Government property. Telegraph at once to Saint Louis and Indianapolis. Attempts will be made shortly to burn the Government depots at these points. All the public property in Indiana and Kentucky is very indifferently guarded.

L. C. BAKER,

Colonel and Agent War Department.

