
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 8, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith for your information an extract from the tri-monthly report of Captain W. Dunning, provost-marshal of the Ninth District of New York, and one from a letter of Paymaster Carstairs, U. S. Navy, relative to combinations now forming in the city of New York for the purpose of resisting the approaching draft. With Paymaster Carstairs I am personally acquainted.

I respectfully request that the information contained in these papers may be transmitted to Ma. General John A. Dix, commanding Department of the East, with such orders as you may deem necessary in the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 8, 1864.

To Major-General Dix, to take the necessary measures to ascertain the correctness of these statements.

[Second indorsement.]

HEAQDUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,

New York City, July 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The combinations referred to have been for months under the surveillance of the police and of one of our detectives. They are political organizations go to up to promote the election of General McClellan to the office of President. I have not been able to ascertain and I do not believe that in New York and the States east of the Alleghanies they have contemplated any other than peaceful measures.

I am in constant communication with the superintendent of the police, who understands the project thoroughly, and shall not fail to advise the Government if its action becomes necessary.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL, NINTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, New York, June 30, 1864.

Extract from tri-monthly report.

* * * * * *

Developments under the labor of enrollment warrant me in saying that combinations are forming which are fast ripening into organization, with the avowed intention of resisting any draft that may be made in this city.

They are variously designated, composed in the most part of the Irish "laboring classes," led by designing men of some ability, and frequently addressed by these leaders at their various places of meeting.

