
Outwardly assuming to be "protective union" organizations or some other popular name, but really for the purpose of offering a sombined resistance to the enforcement of a draft.

Respectfully submitted.

W. DUNNING,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Ninth District of New York.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] U. S. STEAMER EUTAW, Norfolk, July 4, 1864.

* * * * * *

Please say to Fry that one of our firemen received a letter from one of his Irish friends in New York, stating that the friends of Vallandigham are preparing for a grand riot; they have been purchasing through their agents old arms and storing them in their own arsenal on Tenth avenue, exactly where is not known, and that a riot upon a grand scale is about to come off. The reading of this letter was overheard by one of our junior engineers, who communicated it to me. I give it to you for what it is worth, with the hope of a good result.

* * * * * *

Truly, yours,

THOS. CARSTAIRS.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 8, 1864.

Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany, N. Y.:

The Secretary of War directs me to inquire what progress is making in raising troops under the President's call, and when the first regiments will be ready for service.*

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 227. Washington, July 9, 1864.

REGULATIONS FOR RECRUITING IN REBEL STATES FOR LOYAL STATES.

The following regulations are established to carry out section 3 of the act approved July 4, 1864, "further to regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling out the national forces:"

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Executive of any of the States to send recruiting agents into any of the States declare to be in rebellion, except the States of Arkansas, Tennessee, and Louisiana to recruit volunteers under any call under the provisions of this act, who shall be credited to the States, and to the respective subdivisions thereof, which may procure the enlistment.

1. In order that recruiting agents may be afforded proper facilities by U. S. authorities, they must have a letter of appointment from the State Executive, a certified copy of which must be filed with the Provost-Marshal-General and the commanding officer of the rendezvous established for the district in which they are to recruit. The

---------------

*For reply, see Seymour to Halleck, Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 155.

---------------

