
to the public service, and to prevent recruiting by unauthorized parties.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 9, 1864.

Honorable HORACE GREELEY:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 7th with inclosure received.* If you can find any person anywhere professing to have any proposition of Jefferson Davis in writing, for peace, embracing the restoration of the Union and abandonment of slavery, whatever else it embraces, say to him he may come to me with you; and that if he really brings such proposition, he shall at the least have safe-conduct with the paper (and without publicity if he chooses) to the point where you shall have met him. The same if there be two or more persons.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Finding I could be spared from Louisville for two or three days, I came here to see the boards for examining candidates for colored troops of medical officers. I shall obtain none, and the board for regimental officers has been dissolved. I shall this evening proceed to Saint Louis for a similar purpose, and to examine into what further may be done for the organization of colored troops in Missouri. The negroes heretofore have been sent to Louisville, but I shall now organize a regiment at the former place.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 9, 1864.

Adjutant-General SPRAGUE,

Albany, N. Y.:

Answer to your inquiry respecting thirty-days" men having been delayed until General Grant could be consulted, I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that upon consultation it is believed that thirty-days" men will not be able to render any efficient service.

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 9, 1864.

Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany, N. Y.:

Please forward to Washington, as fast as they can be got ready, the 12,000 militia for 100 days" service, heretofore asked for from New

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

