
York. This is not intended to interfere with any request which may have been made to furnish militia to relieve the Tenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, in New York City, and the Sixteenth Regiment, same corps, at Elmira.

JAMES. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[JULY 9, 1864.-For correspondence between the War Department and the authorities of Pennsylvania, New York, and Massachusetts, in relation to organizing 100-days" troops, see Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, pp. 151, 152.]

FRANKFORT, KY., July 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you arrange with General Lindsey for the organization in Kentucky of forces upon a basis similar to that made with Missouri? The danger which threatens from secret organizations in our neighboring States requires this preparation. May I continue to enlist such of the twelve-months" troops as are willing in three-years" service. Have had several recent applications.

T. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Owing to the unsettled state of affairs in Kentucky, His Excellency Governor Bramlette proposes to organize a State force, to consist of three battalions-one to be assigned to duty in East Kentucky, one in the vicinity of Paducah, and one at Frankfort. These forces are intended to aid and assist the Federal troops, and shall be held subject to the call of the district commander for any service in the State.

The Governor proposes to sustain this force at the expense of the State, but, to avoid competition with the General Government in the market for supplies, he requests me to ask that you will order the proper U. S. officer in Kentucky to issue both commissary and quartermaster's supplies to this force upon requisition approved by him, to be paid for by the State in general settlement.

I would most respectfully ask your early action upon this matter, as I deem it important that I should return to Kentucky at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. LINDSEY,

Inspector-General of Kentucky.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 11, 1864.

If the within arrangement is approved by Major-General Burbridge it is sanctioned by the War Department and General Burbridge is authorized to issue orders to the proper officer for the supplies required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

