
States with the purpose equally of raising the siege of Richmond and the plunder and destruction of the property of loyal people; and whereas, in consequence of communication being cut off with Washington, we are unable to concert measures of protection or resistance with the national authorities:

Therefore I, Samuel Cony, Governor of the State of Maine, call upon all good citizens, magistrates, and people within her limits and in every locality, to make arrangements for the performance of a common duty-the driving back of the rebel foe.

I invite every citizen to constitute himself a recruiting officer, and request that lists may at once be obtained of all men who are willing to enter the military service of the country, for the protection of the city of Washington and defense of the loyal States, for a term not exceeding 100 days.

General orders will be issued prescribing the mode of organization of forces which may be called upon to leave the State in this emergency.

There will be paid by the State to each non-commissioned officer and private mustered into the service of the United States, and who shall actually leave the State, in the nature of a bounty, a sum monthly, equal to the pay of a private in addition to the pay and allowances of the United States, for every month's service rendered. Inasmuch as due provision by law for the creation of an organized, efficient, and adequate militia, to meet emergencies like the present, has been omitted, the gravity of which omission the perils of the present moment demonstrate, we are compelled to rely upon the necessarily slow process of unorganized volunteering.

Maine has ever been ready on all the occasions of this war to meet her full share of responsibility and contribute her due proportion of soldiers for the common cause, and your chief magistrate doubts not that her high character for patriotic devotion will be maintained in the present crisis, and as the farther of the Revolutionary days "left the plow in the furrow," that the sons in our time will leave the grass in the swath, to repel the invasion of our soil.

SAMUEL CONY,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, STATE OF MAINE, HDQRS. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 24. Augusta, July 13, 1864.

I. Definite action under the Governor's proclamation of this date calling for troops will forthwith be taken, by volunteers signing an obligation in duplicate in these words, viz:

We hereby volunteer and enlist for the performance of military duty for the United States Government in the defense of Washington and the loyal States for a period of 100 days from muster, unless sooner discharged, for such pay, allowances, and bounty as we may be entitled to receive from the United States and State of Maine.

II. The enlistment of twenty-five suitable men upon one roll and in one community will entitle them to select a second lieutenant; of thirty-two men, a first lieutenant; of forty-five men, a captain; of 101 men, the three company officers, who will be commissioned by the Governor if veterans and qualified for their commands, and the men are duly mustered into the U. S. service.

III. The consolidation of squads of less than a company should be perfected in all cases without delay in their respective localities, and

