
COLUMBUS, July 15, 1864.

General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

At the request of the Governor of Ohio I have suspended action on supplementary draft until a decision can be obtained from the War Department. Governor Brough claims that Ohio has an excess over all calls and further draft there illegal. Please instruct.

J. H. POTTER,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 230. Washington, July 16, 1864.

I. Colonel William M. Dunn, assistant judge-advocate-general, will take post at Louisville, Ky., at which place the office of assistant judge-advocate-general is hereby established.

All records of courts-martial and military commissions, which are required by regulations to be forwarded to the Judge-Advocate- General, will be sent, by officers ordering such courts or commissions, within the military departments of the Ohio, the Tennessee, the Cumberland, the Missouri, Arkansas, and Kansas, to the assistant judge-advocate-general, at Louisville.

With reference to records of courts and commissions, it will be the duty of the assistant judge-advocate-general to call for such as are not forwarded in due season, to examine them, to return for correction such as are incomplete, and to give immediate notice of fatal defects to the proper commander, that sentences may not be illegally executed. He will forward all complete records to the Judge-Advocate-General, but will not be expected to prepare reports on them unless specially instructed to that effect by the Judge-Advocate-General.

II. The assistant judge-advocate-general will be allowed the number of room as office, and fuel therefor, assigned to an assistant quartermaster-general in paragraph 1068, General Regulations.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, July 16, 1864-9 a.m.

(Received 9.30 a.m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Arrived this morning at 6 a.m. and delivered your letter few minutes after. Although he thinks some one less known would create less excitement and be less embarrassed by public curiosity, still he will start immediately if he can have an absolute safe-conduct for four persons, to be named by him. Your letter he does not think will guard them from arrest, and with only those letters he would have to explain the whole matter to any officer who might choose to hinder them. If this meets with your approbation I can write the order in your name as assistant adjutant-general or you can send it by mail. Please answer meat Astor House.

JOHN HAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

