
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, July 16, 1864-10.30 a. m.

JOHN HAY,

Astor House, New York:

Your received. Write the safe-conduct, as you propose, without waiting for one by mail from me. If there is or is not anything in the affair, I wish to know it without unnecessary delay.

A. LINCOLN.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1864.

The President of the United States directs that the four persons whose names follow-to wit: Honorable Clement C. Clay, Honorable Jacob Thompson, Prof. James P. Holcombe, George N. Sanders-shall have safe-conduct to the city of Washington in company with the Honorable Horace Greeley, and shall be exempt from arrest or annoyance of any kind from any officer of the United States during their journey to the said city of Washington.

By order of the President:

JOHN HAY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., July 16, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I returned to this place this morning, having visited Cincinnati, Saint Louis, and Paducah. Finding General Ewing authorized to raise a colored regiment in Saint Louis, I transferred the few men of the Seventy-second to Colonel Ewing's regiment and ordered the officers to Covington, there to raise a regiment. Two or perhaps three regiments may yet be raised in Missouri, but not without strong armed parties to pass through the country to give protection. For this purpose General Rosecrans urges me to send him a colored regiment from Kentucky, which I propose doing as soon as General Burbridge can spare one. The latter officer requires 10,000 colored troops in the State. At Paducah I found but about 1,200 men, and that nothing had recently been done in the way of recruiting because arms could not be obtained. I was surprised at this, for this position is liable to attack at any time. It seems the Ordnance Department will not issue arms until a regiment is entirely organized and the colonel makes a requisition. This will not answer here, for recruiting, to be fully successful, must be done with strong armed parties passing through the counties containing the most negroes. The negroes, seeing that protection will be offered them, will rapidly join the troops. I have taken measures to at once furnish this regiment (a very fine one) with Enfield rifles from Saint Louis. As soon as they are received 500 men will be sent through the entire First Congressional District.

I found at this place, as at Camp Nelson, a number of old men, women, and children, which I decided should be sent to their homes, as in this State, where slavery exists, I am only authorized under the law to take the able-bodied men for soldiers. They, too, are needed

