
to secure the crops, which we shall certainly require for the army. Colonel Barry, I have just learned, refuses to send off the persons-I suppose under the idea that by so doing he would be violating the Articles of War prohibiting the rendition of fugitives. If he was in any other State he could not give Kentucky negroes up, but here in this State I conceive we should not take any but the able-bodied men. I would like to be informed if I am right in the position I have taken. Two regiments have been fully organized here-one General Burbridge has sent to Louisville; the second was completed to-day; a third has been commenced. We ought to get from 18,000 to 20,000 men in this State. I shall proceed to Lexington on Monday, the 18th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, LOUISVILLE, KY., Numbers 126. July 16, 1864.

I. Brigadier General W. A. Pile, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from his present duty as superintendent of the organization of colored troops in Missouri, and will report in person to Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, for assignment. Captain Edward Hemenway, Sixty- seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, will accompany General Pile in the capacity of acting assistant adjutant-general.

II. Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., U. S. Volunteers, is hereby charged with the duty of superintending the organization of colored troops in Missouri.

* * * * *

IV. The detachment of enlisted men now at Benton Barracks, Mo., belonging to the Seventy-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, are hereby transferred to the Eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, and recruiting for the first-named regiment will cease in the State of Missouri.

V. The officers already appointed in the Seventy-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry will proceed without delay to Covington, Ky., for the purpose of organizing the regiment. The senior officer will report in person to the commanding officer at that post, and in writing to Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge, at Lexington, Ky.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, July 16, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have several regiments of militia ready for muster under the call for 100 days. They are about 500 each regiment. The mustering officers decline to take them unless 800. Now, our State by the U. S. laws is authorized to organize their militia, and the usage since the war commended has been to muster militia regiments according to our State organization. Will you oblige me by an order to that effect?

CHAS. W. SANDFORD,

Major-General, 5 Tryon Row.

