
comes by and with an authority that can control the armies now at war against the United States, will be received and considered by the Executive Government of the United States, and will be met by liberal terms on other substantial and collateral points, and the bearer or bearers thereof shall have safe-conduct both ways.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 231. Washington, July 18, 1864.

The following acts and resolutions of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

* * * * *

I. PUBLIC-Numbers 180.

AN ACT making appropriations for the construction, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications and other works of defense, for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the construction, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications, and other works of defense, for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five:

For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Champlain, New York, fifty thousand dollars.

For Fort Know, at Narrows of Penobscot River, Maine, one hundred thousand dollars.

Fort fort at entrance of Kennebec River (Fort Popham), Maine, one hundred thousand dollars.

For fort on Hog Island Ledge (Fort Gorges), Portland Harbor, Maine, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For Fort Preble, Portland Harbor, Maine, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For Fort Scammel, Portland Harbor, Maine, one hundred thousand dollars.

For new Fort Constitution, Portsmouth Harbor, New Hampshire, one hundred thousand dollars.

For Fort McClary, Portsmouth Harbor, New Hampshire, fifty thousand dollars.

For Fort Wintrhrop, Governor's Island, Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, fifty thousand dollars.

For Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, twenty thousand dollars.

For sea-wall of Great Brewster's Island, forty thousand dollars.

For repair of sea-walls on Deer and on Lovell's Islands, ten thousand dollars.

For permanent forts at New Bedford Harbor, Massachusetts, one hundred thousand dollars.

For Fort Schuyler, East River, New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.

For fort at Willets Point, opposite Fort Schuyler, New York, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For repairs of Fort Columbus, Castle Williams, South Battery, Fort Wood, and Fort Gibson, New York Harbor, one hundred thousand dollars.

For new battery near Fort Hamilton, at the Narrows, New York, seventy-five thousand dollars.

For Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York, twenty thousand dollars.

For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, State Island, New York, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For casemated battery on Staten Island, New York, seventy-five thousand dollars.

For repairs and completion of sea-wall at Buffalo, thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.

For fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.

For Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, twenty thousand dollars.

For permanent work for Delaware Breakwater Harbor, one hundred thousand dollars.

