
For Fort Carroll, Baltimore Harbor, Maryland, one hundred thousand dollars.

For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia, fifty thousand dollars.

For Fort Wool, Hampton Roads, Virginia, two hundred thousand dollars.

For Fort Clinch, entrance to Cumberland Sound, Florida, one hundred thousand dollars.

For fort at Ship Island, coast of Mississippi, one hundred thousand dollars.

For fort At Fort Point, San Francisco Bay, California, fifty thousand dollars.

For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco Bay, California, ninety thousand dollars.

For land defenses at San Francisco, one hundred and seventy-seven thousand dollars: Provided, That no portion of the same shall be expended on other fortifications now in progress there.

For defenses in Oregon and in Washington Territory at or near the mounth of Columbia River, one hundred thousand dollars.

For repairs and alterations of barracks, quarters, hospitals, store-rooms, and fences at permanent forts not occupied by troops, fifty thousand dollars.

For construction of permanent platforms for moderns cannon of large caliber in existing fortifications of important harbors, one hundred and thirty thousand dollars.

For tool and siege trains for armies in the field, two hundred thousand dollars.

For bridge trains and equipage for armies in the field, five hundred thousand dollars.

For contingencies of fortifications, including field-works and field operations, seven hundred thousand dollars.

For providing obstructions to be moored in the Potomac River, to render the shore batteries more efficient for the protection of Washington against maritime attack, three hundred thousand dollars.

For competing and rendering more permanent the defenses of Washington, three hundred thousand dollars.

For surveys of the northern and northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior, one hundred thousand dollars.

For engraving and printing chart of lake surveys, ten thousand dollars.

For purchase and repair of instruments, fifteen thousand dollars.

For surveys for military defenses, and for purchase of campaign maps, manuscripts notes, and maps of surveys of railroad and canals, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

Approved July 2, 1864.

II. PUBLIC-Numbers 184.

AN ACT to provide for the more speedy punishment of guerrilla marauders, and for other purposes.

Be in enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the provisions of the twenty-first section of an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved third March, eighteen hundred and sixty- three, shall apply as well to the sentences of military commissions as to those of courts-martial; and hereafter the commanding general in the field, or the commander of the department, as the case may be, shall have power to carry into execution all sentences against guerrilla marauders for robbery, arson, burglary, reape, assault with intent to commit rape, and for violation of the laws and customs of war, as well as sentence against spies, mutineers, deserters, and murderers.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That every officer authorized to order a general court-martial shall have power to pardon or mitigate any punishment ordered by such court, including that of confinement in the penitentiary, except the sentence of death, or of cashiering or dismissing an officer, which sentences it shall be competent during the continuance of the present rebellion for the general commanding the army in the field, or the department commander, as the case may be, to remit or mitigate; and the fifth section of the act approved July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, chapter two hundred and one, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, so far as it relates to sentences of imprisonment in the penitentiary.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That when a soldier sick in hospital shall have been discharged, or shall be discharged, from the military service, but shall be unable to leave or to avail himself of his discharge in consequence of sickness or wounds, and shall subsequently die in such hospital, he shall be deemed to have died in the military service, so far as relates to bounties.

Approved July 2, 1864.

