
SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of the present rebellion, the Secretary of War may assign to duty, as inspectors of the Quartermaster's Department, six officers, to be selected from the regular and volunteer officers of that staff corps who have served not less than one year, who shall have, while so assigned and acting, the temporary rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of the Quartermaster's Department; and also, when in his judgment it is necessary, may assign to each army in the field consisting of more than one army corps, and to each military department, and to each principal depot, not exceeding ten in umber at any one time of the Quartermaster's Department, an officer to act as chief of senior quartermaster of said army, military department, or depot, who shall have, while so assigned, the temporary rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of the Quartermaster's Department; and also to assign to each division of two or more brigades a quartermaster as division quartermaster, who, while so assigned and acting, shall have the temporary rank, pay, and emoluments of a major of the Quartermaster's Department: Provided, That when any of said officers is relieved from such duty, his temporary rank, pay, and emoluments shall cease, and he shall return to his lineal rank in the department: And provided further, That when within the limits of any military department there shall be not more then one army corps, then the chief quartermaster of the army corps shall perform also the duties of the department quartermaster.

SEC. 12. And be if further enacted, That at least two-thirds of all the officers of each grade or assigned rank provided for under the provisions of this act shall be selected from among quartermasters of the volunteer service.

SEC. 13. And be if further enacted, That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

Approved July 4, 1864.

* * * * *

VI. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 39.

JOINT RESOLUTION amendatory of "An act to provide for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of officers and men actually employed in the Western Department or Department of Missouri."

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That when any person or persons holding any power of attorney or assignment executed subsequent to August sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and prior to January twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the sum adjudged due to any officer or soldier by the commissioners appointed under joint resolution approved February sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall have paid any money to any officer or soldier on the faith of such power of attorney or assignment, that the paymaster appointed to disburse the funds appropriated by the act approved January twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to provide for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay of officers and men actually employed in the Western Department or Department of Missouri, be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to such person or persons the amount thus paid to any officer or soldier, upon such attorney or assignee making and filling an affidavit to the effect that the amount was actually paid to said officer or soldier, and upon the paymaster being satisfied that the amount was actually paid; and the amount paid such attorney or assignee under this resolution shall be deducted from the amount due said officer or soldier, anything in any previous action of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding.

Approved June 25, 1864.

VII. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 45.

JOINT RESOLUTION to provide for the publication of a full Army Register.

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, that the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and required, in connection with the Army Register for the year eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to cause to be printed and published a full roster or roll of all field, line, and staff officers of volunteers who have been in the Army of the United States since the beginning of the present rebellion, showing whether they are yet in the service, or have been discharged therefrom, and giving casualties and other explanations proper for such a register. And to defray, in whole or in part, the (the) expenses of this publication, an edition of fifty

