
thousand copies of such enlarged register shall be published, and may be sold to officers, soldiers, or citizens, at a price which shall not more than cover the actual cost of paper, printing, and binding, and shall not in any case exceed one dollar per volume.

Approved June 30, 1864.

* * * * *

X. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 56.

A RESOLUTION explanatory of an act entitled "An act to increase the pay of soldiers in the United States Army, and for other purposes," approved June twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty- four.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the word "musicians," in the first section of an act entitled "An act to increase the pay of soldiers in the United States Army, and for other purposes," approved June twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, is not to be construed to include musicians (other than leaders) employed as members of brigade and regimental bands; but such members of bands shall be paid as heretofore, one-fourth of the members of each band thirty-four dollars per month, one-fourth of them twenty dollars per month, and the remaining half of them seventeen dollars per month.

Approved July 2, 1864.

XI. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 57.

A RESOLUTION to increase the compensation of matrons in the hospitals.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, hospital matrons shall be entitled to, and shall receive, ten dollars per month and one ration.

Approved July 4, 1864.

XII. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 60.

JOINT RESOLUTION explanatory of a joint resolution relative to pay of staff officers of the lieutenant-general.

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the joint resolution relative to pay to staff officers of the lieutenant- general, approved May twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall be so constructed as to entitle all the staff officers on the staff of the lieutenant-general to receive to pay, emoluments, and allowances of cavalry officer of the same grade.

Approved July 4, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE-HOUSE, Augusta, Me., July 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The property of the Government at Fort Popham, at the mouth of the Kennebec River, is exposed to capture, and could be captured by men. There are two guns mounted. No ammunition or artillerists. This constitutes the defense of the mouth of the Kennebec River. Bath is ten miles from the mouth. There is more than a million dollars" worth of shipping on the stocks, and another million at the wharves there. The citizens are very uneasy at their defenseless condition. I wish authority to raise a company for defense, and that it may be mustered into the service of the United States, for the specific purpose of manning the garrison at Fort Popham and the defense of Bath. It ought to be done at once.

S. CONY,

Governor of Maine.

