
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 18, 1864.

Governor CONY,

Augusta, Me.:

You are authorized to raise one or more companies for the specific purpose of garrisoning Fort Popham and for the defense of Bath. Orders will be issued for mustering in, and supplying with arms, ammunition, and other needful supplies. Similar authority will be given you for raising the force which, in your judgment, may be needed for the defense of any other exposed points in your State, upon your application. Every facility and assistance in the power of the General Government will be afforded for the above purpose, and the Department is under obligation to you for giving the matter your vigilant attention.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON, MISS., July 18, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I trust your call for volunteers will be for 200,000 at a time repeating the calls until you have a half million called. In fifty days they are impossible, then you must draft. Calling by installments gives the needful time; meanwhile the present campaign does not suffer more, since no new draft will help this campaign. I shall send five regiments of 100-days" men, beginning with two this week. We proceed deliberately to organize better, which is for the public good, since the term does not begin until regimental organizations are complete.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 18, 1864.

Honorable THOMAS D. ELLIOT, M. C.,

New Bedford, Mass.:

SIR: Mr. I Crowell has furnished me with a copy of the Yarmouth Register, of July 1, publishing letters from Governor Andrew, yourself, and Mr. Crowell in relation to the draft. It seems to me that your letter is not only calculated to do injustice to the War department, but also to promote dissatisfaction among the people and increase the difficulties which necessarily attend the enforcement of the laws of Congress in reference to raising troops, and thus embarrass the Government, which I presume you intend to support. You say you are doing all in your power to protect your people from the unjust operations of the draft. You say further that, although justice ought to be done, and you are using all your "arguments" for it, you only "hope" it may be secured, and that you may not be able to have your own way about it. You then announce that the "War Department is a difficult one to satisfy when the draft is made," and that "they ought, however, to construe the law fairly," and you close by saying to your people "certainly Is hall do all I can for you," &amp;c.

I do not wish to comment further on this communications than to file a protest against the character for unfairness, injustice, and

33 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

