
In testimony whereof I hav hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this eighteenth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-ninth.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 19, 1864.- For General Orders, Numbers 233, Adjutant- General's Office, publishing proclamation of President Lincoln of July 5, suspending writ of habeas corpus, and establishing martial law in Kentucky, see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 180.]

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 52. Washington, July 19, 1864.

The following regulations are announced for the information and guidance of all concerned:

REPORTS OF CREDITS.

I. It is hereby made the special duty of acting assistant provost-marshals-general of States to secure and arrange all the credits due to the different districts and sub-districts under their control, and to see that under calls made in accordance with the act approved July 4, 1864, the draft commences immediately after the expiration of the fifty days prescribed in that act for raising volunteers.

To enable the acting assistant provost-marshals-general of States to conform to the above, it is hereby ordered that hereafter, commencing with the 1st of August next, every U. S. mustering officer shall forward direct to the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State, to which men mustered by him are to be credited, duplicates of the tri-monthly and monthly reports of musters which he is required to render to the Adjutant-General of the Army. For enlistments in the Regular Army, superintendents of recruiting service for the Regular Army are charged with what is prescribed above for mustering officers.

The form of the report, hereunto attached,* will be that which commissaries of musters, their assistants, and chief mustering officers for rendezvous in rebel States will use.

The reports will be made up and rendered as follows:

1. Commissaries of musters for army corps will report for their respective corps by consolidating the reports rendered to them by their assistant commissaries.

2. Commissaries of musters for military districts or departments will report for the same by consolidating the reports of their assistants. They will not, however, include or embrace any of the musters reported, as required in the foregoing, by corps commissaries.

3. The chief mustering officer for each of the rendezvous established for recruits from rebel States (see General Orders, Numbers 227,

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

