
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 27. Washington, D. C., July 19, 1864.

The following instructions and regulations will be observed by all concerned:

ENLISTMENTS.

I. Under the President's call of July 18, 1864, for 500,000 volunteers, men will be enlisted and mustered in for one, two, or three years, as they may in each case elect.

BOUNTIES.

II. The bounty provided by law is as follows:

For recruits, including representative recruits (white or colored)- for one year, $100; for two years, $200; for three years, $300.

The first installments of bounty will be paid by the mustering and disbursing officers when the recruit is mustered in, as follows:

To a recruit who enlists in the Army for one year, $33.33; for two years, $66.66; for three years, $100.

PREMIUMS.

III. No premiums whatever for the procuration of recruits will hereafter be paid by the United States. This, however, will not affect the payment of premiums due for the procuration of recruits previous to the date of this order.

IV. Neither drafted men nor substitutes, furnished either before or after draft, are entitled to bounty from the United States. The fact as to whether the man is a recruit entitled to bounty, or a drafted man or substitute not entitled to it, shall be noted on the enlistment papers and muster-in rolls.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 19, 1864.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the Provost-Marshal-General to inform you that the quota of the State of Maine under the call of the President for 500,000 men, of date July 18, 1864, is 11,690.

The quotas of the different Congressional district have been calculated under the enrollment recently completed, without regard to any excees or deficiency the State may have on former calls, and are as follows: First District, 2,472; Second District, 2,073; Third District, 2,475; Fourth District, 2,173; Firth District, 2,497.

This quota you will divide pro rata among the different sub- districts, and the quota of each will be reduced by any excess it may now have over all calls heretofore made, or increased by its deficiency on such calls, as the case may be.

You will embody this quota on your next monthly return of quotas and credits to this office, and will keep strict account with each sub-district.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. DODGE,

Captain, Vet. Reserve Corps, in Charge of Enrollment Bureau.

