
By subsequent authority from the Honorable Secretary of War, His Excellency the Governor of Pennsylvania called for 12,000 additional 100-days" men, to be mustered, provided for, and equipped in the same manner as the original 12,000. A copy of this authority was not furnished to me. It is believed to be on file in the office of the Secretary of War.

I append, marked G, H, and I, the proclamation of His Excellency Governor Curtin, General Orders, Numbers 50, of 1864, from headquarters Pennsylvania Militia, and Circular of July 9, 1864, from said headquarters, issued in regard to these troops by the State authorities. I proceeded a few minutes after 9 a. m. on the 18th instant to the office of Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, acting assistant-provost-marshal-general and superintendent volunteer recruiting service for Western Division of Pennsylvania, and found him just starting for Camp Curtin, near Harrisburg, pa., the rendezvous of the 100-days" men. I stated to him the object of my visit, and that I would accompany him to the camp, to examine personally into the condition of affairs there. On our way we stopped at the capitol. I there called upon Brigadier- General Russell, adjutant-general of the State, but did not find him at this office. I was informed that Governor Curtin was out of town. I did not, therefore, at that moment call at the executive chamber. I then called upon Major-General Couch, commanding department, whose headquarters are located in the capitol. I informed him of the nature of my mission and showed him the dispatch of Mr. Cameron. He informed me that Mr. Cameron was decidedly in error in stating "that there are about 2,000 men here not mustered who cannot get subsistence;" but on the contrary, immediately upon the arrival of these men subsistence was and had been furnished them, by his order, by the commissary of subsistence at the camp; that knives, forks, spoons, tin cups, tin plates, camp-kettles, and blankets, were and had been in like manner issued to them by his order as department commander, and by officers of the General Government doing quartermaster's duty under his command; and that he had assumed the authority of ordering issues of subsistence prior to muster from the subsistence department, as it insured a saving of 20 cents on the ration to the Government. He also stated that certain of these 100-days" men had disbanded prior to muster from dissatisfaction and jealousies arising from various different causes that could not be controlled by the officers of the General Government; that in his opinion many of these men could have been saved to the service had the power been given to him or to Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford to muster them in by squads or detachments; and that the 100-days" men rendezvousing at Pittsburg and Philadelphia were mustered in that manner by the mustering officers at those cities.

I then proceeded to Camp Curtin. Here found Lieutenant-Colonel McCalmont, of the One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, in command. This officer has seen service, and appeared intelligent and energetic. I found that six mustering officers were on duty in connection with this camp; five of them remained in camp during the entire day, and one is retained in charge of the muster-rolls of these troops at the office of Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford in the city. Lieutenant-Colonel McCalmont informed me that the first men had been received at the camp July 13; that there were there at that moment 1,753 men, of whom 1,128 were not mustered and 625 had been mustered into service. Of these latter three companies had been

