
refusing to give up his men, and using his influence to keep them for his own advancement.

On leaving the camp I again repaired to the capitol. Here General Couch informed me that he was still of opinion that it would be better to muster the men by squads or individually, and the Governor, who had returned, stated that he didn"t care much how they were mustered. I then again called upon Adjutant-General Russell, but did not find him at his office. I then repaired to the executive chamber, where I found Governor Curtin, who, though receiving me most courteously, appeared to be quite out of humor with regard to the 100-day" men. He stated that volunteering was at a stand-still; that this was a time when the Government did not merely invite men to enlist, but begged them, for the sake of God, to come to her rescue; that if we wanted troops our officers there must give them everything, without stopping to observe the rules and regulations of the War department; that such observance would defeat the object in view, and that subsistence and tin cups had not been promptly furnished to the 100-days" men rendezvousing in Harrisburg. I stated that General Couch and Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford informed me differently. The Governor stated this had not been done previous to Saturday. Lieutenant- Colonel Bomford then stated that everything was furnished the moment requisitions could be made for it, to which the Governor replied, "Oh, of course, requisitions," or words to that effect. I then spoke to the Governor as to the mode of muster. He said companies had not only disbanded in Harrisburg, but also while at home; that the men belonging to them scattered over the country, and, by their tales of dissatisfaction, discouraged enlistments; that he had all along favored musters by squads or individuals; that this was the only way to get the men; that the Government thought differently; that he was going to Bedford, and didn"t care much how they fixed it.

At a quarter before 3 p. m. I called upon the Honorable Simon Cameron and informed him that I had been sent to Harrisburg in consequence of his dispatch to the President. He informed me that dispatch was sent because he believed the Government to be in pressing need of troops to resist the invasion of Maryland and the Capital by the rebels; that the emergency had passed, and that matters of which he complained were now better attended to. He said on the 11th instant 100-days" troops not mustered had come into the city, were lounging about town with nothing to eat; that the inhabitants were obliged to subscribe for them, and that he was one of the subscribers. He advocated the mustering these men by squads or individually, and stated that it was necessary for the Government to replace Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford by some officer, such as Captain Dodge, who would exercise discretion and common sense, and not hold himself tied down by the rules and regulations of the War Department. He also complained that Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford employed clerks who were not friendly to Mr. Lincoln's administration, and refused to discharge them, saing that he would not allow politicians to interfere with his office. This last matter seems to have been the subject of an investigation heretofore made in consequence of the complaints of the postmaster at Harrisburg against Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, the record of which I believe you have in your office. Mr. Cameron said he was coming to Washington to-day to see the President. Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford informs me that this postmaster is the proprietor of the Administration paper in Harrisburg; that he had formerly received from Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford all the public advertising, and that

