
this had been discontinued because the prices charged were double that of any other press in town; that no reduction would be made by or could be had from the person referred to; and that since then he had been the bitter enemy of Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, had maligned him in his paper, and used every endeavor to have him removed, and that Mr. Cameron is the friend of this man and his business partner in the publication of the paper. After leaving Mr. Cameron I repaired to the office of Captain Dodge, mustering and disbursing officer. I found that as yet he had nothing to do with the 100-days" men.

I ascertained from Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford that on or about the 11th instant certain 100-days" men had arrived in Harrisburg and were quartered at the Soldiers" Rest in the city, where they were subsisted; but that this created so many complaints that the men were removed, about the 13th instant, to Camp Curtin; that no tin cups, forks, &amp;c., had been issued to the men at the Soldiers" Rest, as these articles were already on hand at the mess there and were used by soldiers so long as they remained at the "rest;" that these articles had been issued to the men upon their arrival in camp.

I afterward met Adjutant-General Russell at the hotel. He said they were getting along very poorly with the 100-days" men; that volunteering was at an end. In the presence of both Lieutenant- Colonel Bomford and Captain Dodge he complimented the latter, and said the former was too much tied down by the rules and regulations of the War Department; that for himself he was tired of "playing adjutant-general for the State" when he could do so much better elsewhere; that he wanted to go off then; that the Governor said he couldn"t go; that he had not been in his office all day, and that he was going to resign as adjutant-general at 10.30 o"clock the next morning.

I regret to make this report of personalities. Yet I deem it absolutely necessary, after stating what I saw, to inform you what was said, in order that the temper of all parties may be shown.

Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford said but very little except in corroboration of what was stated by General Couch and Lieutenant- Colonel McCalmont, but asserted that he had endeavored in all things faithfully to discharge his duty to the Government, and believed that he had done so. He and Captain Dodge are on excellent terms, and regret the endeavors of other parties to bring them in conflict with each other.

Having completed the inspection, as herein reported, I left Harrisburg at 5.30 p. m. on the 18th instant and arrived at Philadelphia at about midnight. I left that city immediately for Washington, and arrived here at about 9 o"clock this morning, the 19th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Since making this report I have received a note from Major-General Couch in relation to the 100-days" men, which is hereunto appended, marked K.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A.

[See Stanton to Curtin, July 5, calling for 12,000 militia, Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 74.]

