
B. WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. V. BOMFORD,

Supt. Volunteer Recruiting Service, Harrisburg, Pa.

Major C. C. GILBERT,

Supt. Volunteer Recruiting Service, Philadelphia, Pa.:

The expense of organizing the 12,000 militia called out by the Governor will be paid from the appropriation for "C., D., and O. V." prior to muster in, under the regulations and orders now in force, but separate abstracts of the amounts paid for organizing these troops must be rendered.

C. McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C.

HARRISBURG, July 9, 1864-10 a. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Extract from your dispatch to me yesterday in relation to changing the manner of mustering in the 100-days" men were given to the Governor. In reply I received the following, and now understanding that it was expected a copy would be furnished you, it is hereby forwarded:

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, July 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I will, of course, do all in my power to raise the men called by the President under existing orders which you say cannot be changed; and am happy to notice that I am to co-operate with you and have the benefit of your experience and judgment.

It is proper, however, that I should say that my opinion as to the manner of muster remains unchanged. It has been found in this State that we were always successful in filling requisitions for troops made by the Government when they were mustered by the Government by companies, and never when compelled to hold them until regiments could be formed. That is my judgment as established by experience. The men should be mustered by companies or less than companies, and the commencement of the 100 days" service to be counted from the day regimental organizations are formed. We will, under the circumstances, do all we can to serve the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

D.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 9, 1864.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram of to-day, transmitting extracts from reply of Governor relative to changing manner of mustering 100-days" men, received.

In reply the Secretary of War directs me to say that if the term of service be reckoned from the date of regimental organization, as stated in your telegram to be proposed by Governor Curtin, the principal objection to mustering in by companies will be obviated. You may, therefore, adopt, in conjunction with the Governor, the modifi-

