
cation he suggests, having, however, the explicit statement in writing that the term of service is to be reckoned from the date of regimental organization and not from the date of company muster, so as to avoid all misunderstanding with the troops.

Please inform me should this plan be adopted.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

E.

HARRISBURG, July 10, 1864.

Major T. M. VINCENT:

The Governor accepts of your proposition in regard to mustering by companies.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

F.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. V. BOMFORD,

Harrisburg, Pa.

Major C. C. GILBERT,

Philadelphia:

Under an arrangement, understood by the Governor and Major- General Couch, the 100-days" men may be mustered in by companies with the distinct understanding, however, that the term of service is to be reckoned from the date of regimental organization and not from the date of company muster.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

G.

Proclamation by the Governor of Pennsylvania, A. G. Curtin, in the name and by the authority of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

Whereas, the President of the United States has this day made a call upon the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for 12,000 militia volunteer infantry to serve at Washington and its vicinity for 100 days, unless sooner discharged, I, Andrew G. Curtin, Governor of the said Commonwealth, do make this my proclamation in response thereto, and do hereby call on the freemen of Pennsylvania of military age to come promptly forward, as they have heretofore done, and fill the requisition for this important service.

It is apparent that the enemies of our Government, in desperation, are threatening us with an armed force, in the hope that the army of General Grant may be withdrawn from before Richmond, and I call upon the citizens of this Commonwealth capable of bearing arms to come forward without delay, and thus aid our heroic brothers in the great Army of the Republic.

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State of Harrisburg this fifth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and of the Commonwealth the eighty- ninth.

By the Governor:

ELI SLIFER,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

