
H.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA, Numbers 50. Harrisburg, July 5, 1864.

In response to a call of the President of the United States, this day made, for 12,000 militia or volunteer infantry, to serve at Washington and its vicinity for 100 days, unless sooner discharged, it is ordered:

I. Troops will be accepted by squads or companies, as hereinafter indicated, and will as rapidly as possible be formed into companies and regiments.

II. Persons proposing to organize companies will be accepted under the following provisions, viz:

To be commissioned a captain, the applicant must have furnished forty or more men who have passed surgeon's examination, and been mustered into the U. S. service.

To be commissioned a first lieutenant, from twenty-five to forty men must have been furnished as above.

To be commissioned a second lieutenant, from fifteen to twenty- five men must have been furnished as above.

III. Camps of rendezvous will be established by the United States at Harrisburg, Philadelphia, and Pittsburg, in charge of which camps commanders and skillful surgeons will be appointed.

IV. Transportation will be furnished on application in person or by mail to Colonel J. V. Bomford, U. S. Army, superintendent of volunteer recruiting service at Harrisburg, for the Western District, or to Major C. C. Gilber, U. S. Army, superintendent of volunteer recruiting service at Philadelphia, for the Eastern District, of Pennsylvania, to the camp or camps or rendezvous in their respective districts, to whom report must be made.

V. Actual and necessary expenses for boarding and lodging of troops raised under this order will be paid by the U. S. disbursing officer at the proper post, for a period not exceeding fifteen days, at a rate not exceeding 40 cents per day for each man mustered into the service of the United States, on the affidavit of the officer furnishing the men, supported by the receipts of the party to whom the money was paid. Names of the men and the dates between which each man was boarded and lodged must be stated in the accounts rendered.

VI. The troops will be organized according to the general regulations of the service, armed, clothed, paid, transported, subsisted, and supplied as other troops in the U. S. service, and mustered into the service of the United States by regiments as soon as filled to the minimum strength, the term of service to be reckoned from the date of muster into the U. S. service.

VII. As a reward for meritorious conduct, and also to secure valuable military experience, appointments of field officers will be made, except under peculiar circumstances, from men who have been in service and have been honorably discharged.

VIII. No bounty will be paid the troops, nor will this service exempt from draft, but if any officer or soldier in this special service should be drafted he will be credited for the service renden, Governor and commander-in-chief:

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General of Pennsylvania.

