
heavy artillery regiment is well under way. The regiment at Covington has 500 men and will soon be completed. The second regiment raised at Louisville has been sent to Louisa. In the course of a week strong detachments will be placed at several points where regiments can soon be raised.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Terre Haute, Ind., July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Extract from tri-monthly report.

* * * * *

SIR:

BUSINESS AND GENERAL TRANSACTIONS.

A recent affair in Sullivan County between some butternuts and soldiers has greatly increased the excitement in that county. One of the former was killed and another wounded. There were 708 [7 or 8] soldiers of the Forty-third Indiana concerned, two of whom are now in Sullivan County jail; the remainder not yet caught. It grew out of threats previously made to "clean out" the soldiers. The result is that there are large numbers of men riding about over the country armed, and some of them shouting for Vallandigham and Jeff. Davis, and professing to be in search of the soldiers. There have been more than 200 together at one time. That number attend the preliminary examination of the two soldiers arrested, and threatened that they would shoot them if the justice discharged them. What the result will be I am unable to anticipate, but merely notice the fact to show that we have a terrible state of things, such as to excite a reasonable apprehension of resistance to the draft in some parts of that district. These men threaten the most terrible consequences to every man connected in any way with the Government.

The corrected enrollment is nearly completed. I have heretofore explained the cause of this delay, and can only add that in several of the sub-districts the enrolling officers have ben threatened with assassination if they did the work, and have been compelled to proceed with great caution. In other I have had great difficulty in getting persons to do it, an account of these threats.

I have the honor to be,

R. W. THOMPSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 20, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF MASSACHUSETTS,

Boston, Mass.:

Your telegram received. The fifth 100-days" regiment will be accepted.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

34 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

