
plan? By the proclamation a plan is presented which may be accepted by them as a rallying point, and which will not be rejected here. This may bring them to act sooner than they otherwise would. The objection to a premature presentation of a plan by the National Executive consists in the danger of committals in points which could be more safely left to further developments.

Care has been taken to so shape the document as to avoid embarrassment from this source. In saying that, on certain terms, certain classes will be pardoned, with their rights restored, it is not said that other classes, on other terms, will never be included. In saying that a reconstruction will be accepted, if presented in a specified way, it is not said that it will be accepted in no other way.

All persons interested are urged to accept the liberal terms offered by the President, in order that they may be restored to their former rights and privileges.

By command of Brigadier General S. P. Carter, provost-marshal- general of East Tennessee:

H. H. THOMAS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., January 17, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Commanding Confederate Forces in East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 11th instant.

The admonition which you give me against trifling over the events of this great war does not carry with it that weight of authority with which you seek to impress me. I am, nevertheless, ready to respond in plain terms to the suggestions conveyed in your first letter, and which you quote in your second dispatch, that I communicate through you any views which the United States Government may entertain, having for their object the speedy restoration of peace throughout the land.

These views, so far as they can be interpreted from the policy laid down by the Government and sustained by the people at their elections are as follows:

First. The restoration of the rights of citizenship to all those now in rebellion against the Government who may lay down their arms and return to their allegiance.

Second. The prosecution of the war until every attempt at armed resistance to the Government shall have been overcome.

I avail myself of this opportunity to forward an order publishing the proceedings, findings, and sentence in the case of Private E. S. Dodd, Eighth Texas Confederate Cavalry, who was tried, condemned, and executed as a spy.

I also inclose a copy of an order which I have found it necessary to issue, in regard to the wearing of the U. S. uniform by Confederate soldiers.*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Inclosure Numbers 7 (here omitted) contains General Orders, Numbers 3, Department of the Ohio, January 5, 1864, promulgating charges, findings, and sentence to death in the case of E. S. Dodd, Eighth Texas Cavalry, arrested and tried as a spy.

---------------

