
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 20, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

The Provost-Marshal-General has been directed to forward to you by mail authority to raise twenty regiments of volunteer infantry for one, two, or three years, as you may elect, to be credited on the quota of your State. I hope you skill and energy men have them ready to take the place of the 100-days" men.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 20, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise twenty new regiments of volunteer infantry under the call of the 18th instant for 500,000 men. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect. The said regiments must be mustered in before September 5, 1864, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the aforesaid call. Incomplete regiments and companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated so as to form and be mustered in with complete regimental organizations before that date. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, July 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Honorable James A. Bell, State senator, visits Washington at my request to confer with you on military matters, more particularly in relation to the recent call for volunteers and the constantly increasing complaints of New York soldiers, who claim that they were enlisted for the unexpired term of their respective regiments. Very truly, yours,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

SAINT ALBANS, VT., July 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

If any troops from General Grant's army are retained near Washington I ask that the Vermont Brigade may form part of the force. Their arduous services and their high reputation for bravery and their

