
heavy losses during the present campaign should entitle them to consideration. They have lost over 2,000 men in the present campaign, and have richly earned a little rest. It would be a personal favor to me, extremely gratifying to the brigade and the State, if this request can be granted. Please answer, and if possible let it be favorable.

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 20, 1864.

His Excellency Governor SMITH,

Saint Albans, Vt.:

Your telegram of this date has been received. The Department cannot yet determine what troops will be retained near Washington. The disposition of the forces is in the province of Lieutenant-General Grant. So far as I can influence his action I shall be happy to conform to your wishes in regard to the Vermont Brigade. I had a conversation on the subject this morning with Mr. Baxter, or your State, but for obvious reasons no assurance can at present be given, further than to recommend it to General Grant's favorable consideration.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 20, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.:

SIR: With reference to my note of yesterday, I have the honor to inclose for your information a copy of a telegraphic message which I have received from the administrator of the Government of New Brunswick in answer to a telegram which I dispatched to him on receiving your note of the 18th instant, relative to information which had reached you that attempts were being made to organize a force in the neighborhood of Saint Johns to commit depredations on the frontier of Maine.

I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

[Inclosure.]

FREDERICKTON, NEW BRUNSWICK, July 19, 1864.

Lord LYONS:

A person calling himself Captain Collins (not Hollins), with two others, were arrested while breaking into Calais Bank. Quite certain that no raid is contemplated from this quarter. My attention has been called to subject from reports put in circulation here day or two since.

J. COLE,

Administrator.

[JULY 21, 1864.- For correspondence between Governors Bradford and Curtin and the President, concerning a volunteer force to be raised and stationed on the border of Pennsylvania and Maryland, see Series I, Vol. XLIII, Part I, p. 755.]

