
member of both brigades, to be checked with numbers corresponding to the number assigned to each member, to remain, as the musket and accouterments, the property of the United States, to be used only when on duty; at all other times to be kept in the armories with the arms and accouterments. Shelter tents, blankets, camp equipage, cooking utensils for as large a force as can probably at any one time be made available, to be kept in depot, not to be issued to the companies unless they are called into the field, in which case they should be placed on the wagon train and follow them to their station. Knapsacks will not be needed. In case they are called upon to march, shoes should be issued to them. Each member of this force to be charged with the articles set aside for his use, to receive a duplicate of the check with which they are marked, and to be held responsible for their return in good condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

To enable the Quartermaster's Department to carry out its part of this project I recommend that two experienced and intelligent officers from the Invalid Corps be directed to report to the Quartermaster-General for duty in connection with this force, one to be assigned as assistant adjutant-general of the force, the other as assistant inspector-general and ordnance officer. I propose to appoint agents of this department to act as military store-keepers, and take charge of all the clothing and other articles of equipment set aside for the use of the force.

In conclusion, permit me to suggest the propriety of inviting the loyal citizens of Washington to form companies and join the organization as volunteers, placing them on the same footing as those who are now in the employment of the Government, requiring them to sign an obligation, before admission, to obey all legal orders of the officers who may be appointed over them. Perhaps the militia of the District may, by the good example set them by the force now organizing, be induced to join it. If so, I think that it will be well to equip them as the others. I hope it will be possible, even without the aid of the militia, to train a body of men which will be able to turn out for guard and for the trenches an available force of not less than 5,000 or 6,000.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Annapolis, July 21, 1864.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The repeated raids across the Potomac River made by portions of the rebel army and the extent of the damage they have succeeded so frequently in inflicting have most injuriously affected the people of Maryland and Pennsylvania in the neighborhood of that river, and many of them, it is believed, as the only security against such losses in the future, are seriously considering the propriety of abandoning their present homes and seeking safety at the North. It seems to us that, not merely in this sectional aspect of the case in its national relations, the security of this border line between the loyal and rebellious State is an object justifying and requiring a disposition of a portion of the national force, with an especial view to its defense.

