
term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect. The said regiment [must be] mustered in before September 5, 1864, in order that it may be credited on the quota of the State under the aforesaid call. Should it fail to organize by that date it will be consolidated into a battalion. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.

By His Excellency the Governor to the people of the State of New Hampshire.

The President of the United States having issued his proclamation calling for 500,000 men, of which number our quota is to be filled by volunteering if we can, by drafting if we must, I desire to call your attention to the following act passed by the Legislature of this State on the 16th day of July, 1864:

AN ACT to facilitate the raising of troops.

State of New Hampshire, in the year of your Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in general court convened:

SECTION 1. The Governor, with the advice and consent of the council, may appoint State agents, not exceeding ten, to recruit in the insurgent States, agreeably to the act of Congress now in force, with power to increase that number to forty, if the experiment prove successful and the interest of the State shall require it. And the men so raised shall be credited to the several cities, towns, sub-districts, and places in proportion to the quota of each city, town, sub-district, and place.

SEC. 2. Said State agents shall receive as pay for their service and expenses twenty dollars for each man by them enlisted and mustered into the service of the United States for the term of two years, and forty dollars for each man so enlisted and mustered for the term of three years.

SEC. 3. The Governor, with the advice and consent of the council, is authorized and empowered to issue his proclamations (and from time to time), offering bounties not exceeding one hundred dollars for one-years" men, two hundred dollars for two-years men, and three hundred dollars for three-years" men, and in the same proportion for any other term of service, to each soldier who shall be mustered into the service of the United States to fill the quota of this State during the present war, whether such soldier shall have voluntarily enlisted, or volunteered for a substitute for a drafted or enrolled man, or as a representative substitute for any citizen not enrolled, and not exceeding two hundred dollars to each drafted man for one year who shall be mustered into said receive to fill said quota during said war, provided that for all recruits enlisted in the insurgent States under the provisions of this act the Governor is hereby authorized to pay a bounty not exceeding the sum of five hundred dollars for a three-years" man.

SEC. 4. Any city may by vote of its city council, and any town or place may at any legal meeting thereof duly notified and holden for that purpose, upon or in anticipation of any call of the United States Government for troops during the present war, raise money and appropriate the same as bounty to each soldier, except those enlisted in or from insurgent States, who shall be mustered into the service of the United States or shall have been mustered into said service since the last call, and prior to the passage of this act, to fill the quota of such city, town, or place,

