
or enrolled men, representative substitutes for citizens not enrolled, or recruits enlisted in the insurgent States, whenever any soldier of either class above designated shall be duly mustered into the military service of the United States to fill the quota of this State from time to time required.

And I do further proclaim and give notice that I shall in all other respects maintain the requirements and carry out all other provisions of said act in so far as the same shall be found to be in accordance with the laws of the United States, doing all in my power to promptly meet this requisition of the General Government with as little hardship as possible to the people of this State.

I would appeal to the patriotic citizens of New Hampshire to rally to the support of that noble army which for the first time in the history of the rebellion seriously threatens the rebel capital. And I would suggest to the authorities of our towns and cities the propriety of their immediately offering the highest bounties authorized by section 4 of the above act, thus making the aggregate of our State and town bounties $200 for one year's service, $400 for twohree, in addition to the bounties offered by the General Government.

Given at the council chamber in Concord, this twenty-first day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-ninth.

JOSEPH A. GILMORE.

By His Excellency the Governor, with advice of council:

ALLEN TENNY,

Secretary of State.

AUGUSTA, July 22, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Under your authority of the 19th I have ordered enlistments for a year, assuming they are to be allowed on the quota of State, which entitles to State bounty. I can get all the men we need very quick on this basis. I shall use the authority you have granted as sparingly as will be compatible with the public interest. Am I right?

SAML. CONY,

Governor of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 22, 1864.

Governor CONY,

Augusta, Me.:

The authority given you by the telegram of the 19th to raise troops for special service in garrisoning forts within the State of Maine is not designed to diminish the quota for general service, and they cannot be credited on that quota. Such an arrangement would be unfair and unequal to the other States. It is only designed to authorize you to raise a local temporary force at the expense of the General Government for a special service within the State, and must be so limited. Such troops cannot be received as a credit on the quota and the State bounty ought not to be extended to them. If, therefore, the order mentioned in your telegram of to-day, just received, proposes to raise troops for one year to be employed on the special duty of garrisoning forts within the State of Maine, and to be credited on the quota of the recent call made by the President, it is not warranted by the authority

