HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, July 22, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I ask authority to raise a regiment of volunteer artillery to serve in this city and harbor, and not elsewhere, for three years, unless sooner discharged. Such a force is indispensable to the security of the forts and the defense of the harbor. The armaments in several of the forts, and especially in Fort Richmond, are very heavy, and they require well-trained artillerists. I need this force also for the security of the public property in the city. It would be extremely imprudent and unwise to rely on the militia to preserve order. The indications all show that disturbances will be nearly sure to grow out of the coming draft. Nothing but efficient preparation can prevent them. I propose to take measures to insure the enlistment of men who are in every respect worthy of trust, and who will constitute a reliable force to sustain the Government in any emergency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Washington, July 23, 1864.

In future men enlisting or re-enlisting for the Regular Army in the loyal States, or in the District of Columbia, will be allowed to select the place, in the State or district in which they enlist, to which they may wish to be credited, and they will be so credited. Recruiting officers will be particular to indorse on the enlistment papers the places to which the men are to be credited. They will specify the wards, townships, or towns and districts.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALT HOUSE, Louisville, Ky., July 23, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that on the 16th instant I received an order from the War Department to report to you for the purpose of consultation in regard to colored troops to be raised in this State. This was at my own request, for the reason that the Secretary of War expressed his purpose of sending me here as a chief superintendent under you to manage the whole business of colored recruits as I had been doing in Maryland. I thought it would be better for me to acquaint myself with the whole subject beforehand, and especially to see you. I find, however, you are absent from the State, and I must return without seeing you. Please, on receipt of this, write me at Numbers 24 Holliday street, Baltimore, giving me your views. From what I can see and learn here, I have concluded the best interests of the service require:

1. A bureau for colored troops for Kentucky independent of the provost-marshal's department, with one superintendent, who shall

