
have entire control of colored men and the officers who command them until they are organized and sent to the field.

2. Deputy provost-marshals should act as now, so far as possible, in obtaining recruits, but when mustered in, should be sent, together with drafted and substitute colored men, to rendezvous, to be organized into companies and regiments by superintendent.

3. Large parties of colored troops, under discreet officers, should be sent out with rations, &amp;c., to recruit in different localities, affording protection to recruits who now have to run away and are in danger of capture and violence.

This was my plan in Maryland and we had surprising success. We did more; we had speakers who held public meetings, and we revolutionized the State. I find great hostility here to colored troops. It was thus in Maryland, but not so now. My greatest trouble there was the prejudice of U. S. officers and white Maryland troops, and it was not until I got rid of their interference that I had any success. And I think this is a capital difficulty here.

At all events, I should like to know, before undertaking a matter so delicate and difficult, that I may expect your hearty support, because I would not undertake it against your better judgment, although I know Mr. Stanton desires me to come here in some such capacity.

I regret exceedingly not being able to see and confer with you, but I have not been idle, and believe I understand the subject and its difficulties to some extent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BOWMAN,

Colonel, &c.

DETROIT, July 23, 1864.

(Received 5.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I deem it necessary under the present call for troops from this State to raise and organize six or more new regiments of infantry, and I hope you will give me the authority. As the time allowed to do so is so short, please answer as soon as possible.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 23, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF IOWA,

Davenport, Iowa:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise two new regiments of volunteer infantry under the call of the 18th instant for 500,000 men. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect. The said regiments must be mustered in before September 5, 1864, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the aforesaid call. Incomplete regiments and companies which fail to organize within a reasonable time will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in with complete regimental organization before that date. The recruitment, organization, and

