
musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the previous of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[JULY 23, 1864.- For Townsend to Rosecrans, authorizing organization of a force of volunteers in the Department of the Missouri, and reply of Rosecrans, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 358, 504.]

LEXINGTON, KY., July 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Colonel Brisbin, appointed for a colored regiment, has reported to General Burbridge. I am forbidden to organize any colored cavalry regiments, but General Burbridge desires to have two such regiments, to be placed under the command of Colonel Brisbin. His plans to mount such regiments are, to take horses in the country, and give certificates stating that if the owners of the animals continue to be perfectly loyal to the end of the war they may receive compensation, provided the Government so determines. Am I authorized to raise these tow regiments, as desired by General Burbridge? I leave for Louisville the 26th instant.

L. THOMAS.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 24, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have received you request of this date,* but it is absolutely necessary that I should organize the officers into regiments. This has now been done in the case of fifteen regiments, exclusive of the heavy artillery regiment at Paducah, Ky. In regard to the places where the regiments are to be organized, I leave that entirely with you. You will find on some of the rosters that no places have been designated, and these officers are ordered to report to you. In the organization of these regiments I have taken all the officers reported to me from the boards at Washington, Cincinnati, Saint Louis, Davenport, and Lexington, and a few from Nashville. I have no personal acquaintance with these officers, but have taken them as they have been sent to me, and although you may not know them I think you can depend upon them, especially those from the Army of the Potomac, as I know they have to pass through a most rigid examination, occupying sometimes from one to three days. You will find by an examination of the rosters that there are required to complete them six colonels, fifty captains, about forty first lieutenants, and seven second lieutenants. If you will nominate officers to fill these positions and they pass the Board I will cheerfully appoint them. So, likewise, for two regiments of cavalry, if the Secretary of War will authorize their being raised. These regiments I suppose you would especially desire to officer. Having given rosters for so many regiments, may presence in Kentucky can be spared for a time, and as

---------------

*Desiring authority to assign officers to colored regiments.

---------------

