
REPORTS OF CREDITS.

IV. Reports of credits (see Circular Numbers 52, current series, from this office) under the foregoing must be made and kept separate from those for other troops.

FURLOUGHS.

V. To men re-enlisting as herein provided no furloughs will be promised. Commissaries of musters and their assistants will be held responsible that this condition is distinctly understood by all parties concerned.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., July 26, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have now made the arrangements for the enlistment of colored troops in this State. The plan, as may be seen by my Order Numbers 20,* is to station troops at prominent places in the State of afford protection to the negroes when they come to the camps of instruction, and in addition large detachments will be marched through the several counties to give protection to those who desire to leave their homes and join the army. In this way the negroes will be saved from maltreatment by their masters and others when they attempt to reach a recruiting station, as has too often been the case. I have, exclusive of the regiment of heavy artillery at Paducah, given organizations for two regiments of heavy artillery and thirteen of infantry, some of which are already filled up, and others nearly so. The number of officers is not complete in several cases, because I had not the officers for assignment, but they are sufficiently so for all practical purposes. I think this will be sufficient for the present, and I can safely proceed down the Mississippi River to attend to necessary business, see General Canby, and return to Kentucky before additional organizations may be required. I have, however, provided for this, should I be may be required. I have, however, provided for this, should I be detained below longer than I anticipate, by authorizing Major-General Burbridge to fill the vacancies as fast as officers who pass the necessary examination are reported to him, and also to make new regiments if required. It will still take a little time to post troops at all the necessary recruiting places, as this must be done by colored troops, and those first raised are required at exposed places-as, for instance, the two regiments first organized at this place have been sent to an extreme point of the State to guard a gap through the mountains from Virginia (Louisa), situated in a portion of the State where there are very few negroes. My estimate of the number of colored troops that could be raised is 20,000. General Burbridge thinks 25,000.

A copy of my letter of instructions to General Burbridge of the 24th instant is inclosed.+ Please inform the Secretary of War of these measures.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 429.

+See p. 542.

---------------

