
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 26, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF RHODE ISLAND,

Providence, R. I.:

You are hereby authorized to raise one regiment of infantry for twelve months" service, under the call of the 18th instant. Full instructions by mail.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 58. Washington, July 27, 1864.

Re-enlistments of 100-days" troops.

I. On and after this date men of the 100-days" forces who may have at the date of re-enlistment less than sixty days to serve will be permitted to re-enlist for one, two, or three years, as they may in each case elect. The new term will commence from the date of re-enlistment.

The re-enlistments for the increased term will be made under the following regulations:

1. Where 700 men re-enlist in the regiment to which they belong, the regimental organization will be maintained, and the officers thereof allowed to retain the rank held by them under the 100- days" term.

2. Should less than 700 men re-enlist in the same regiment, said force will be organized into one or more companies of the legal strength, and officered by such officers as my be selected from the original command by the commanding general of the army or department. Men re-enlisting, should they so desire, will be permitted to select a different regiment and company from the State to which the organization is from. In such cases they will be sent to join the regiment or company so selected. The remainder will be continued under their officers until the expiration of the 100-days" term, and then discharged the service.

MUSTERS OUT OF SERVICE.

3. The muster out or discharge of all men who may re-enlist, and their re-enlistments and consequent remusters, will be under the immediate supervision and direction of the commissaries and assistant commissaries of musters for the respective armies and departments. The said officers will make all musters out of and remusters into the service.

4. All men who desire to take advantage of the benefits resulting from re-enlistment under the provisions of this order will be regularly mustered out of service on the prescribed muster-out rolls. The discharges prescribed by paragraph 79, Mustering Regulations, will be furnished in all cases. A remark will be made on the muster-out rolls, over the signature of the commissary or assistant commissary of musters, as follows: "Discharged from the 100-days" service by virtue of re-enlistment for one year (or two, or three years, as the case may be), under authority form the War Department, 1864.

RE-ENLISTMENTS AND REMUSTERS.

5. Simultaneously with the muster out and discharge, but of the date next following it, the 100-days" troops will be formally remustered

