
counties may get due credit for their men. Also, at my request, assistant provost-marshals have been placed at the main depots to enlist the negroes as they arrive. All the negroes are rapidly coming in and being organized. These prominent places will soon have their troops, and the entire system will soon be in successful operation.

You will see that my plan differs in no important respect from that which you have presented to me, and as it is working well, I do not propose to make any change, but let General Burbridge carry on the operations, assisted by the numerous officers I have placed under his control for the organization of the regiments.

I do not think, therefore, that I will now need your services here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 27, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF MINNESOTA,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: In compliance with your request you are hereby authorized to raise two additional companies for Hatch's battalion of cavalry, but without any conditional as to place of service. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in accordance with the existing regulations of the War Department. The companies must be mustered in and ready for service by September 5, 1864, in order that the men may be credited on the quota of the State under the call of the 18th instant, and should they not be completed by that date, will be consolidated or assigned to duty with the other companies. Bounties will be paid in accordance with Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Trenton, July 27,1 864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: A few months since there was a draft in this State. The exact number of the quota due from each sub-district was drawn, and the persons so drawn were notified to appear. In each sub- district a few were exempted by the Board of Enrollment. During the present month a draft has been had to supply deficiencies. Within a few days it has come to my knowledge that in calculating the deficiency of any sub-district, not only those who were exempted by reason of physical disability, those over or under age, aliens, &amp;c., are considered, but that the drafted men who have failed to report are those who have absconded or failed to appear.

I was surprised to hear that there had been a decision to that effect, for it is not only contrary to the previous general understanding on the subject, but is not in accordance with the laws passed by Congress.

