
LOUISVILLE, January 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Just arrived. Will see the Governor of the State to-morrow and propose to him that I organize colored troops in Kentucky in the same manner as in Missouri.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., January 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I believe I can induce some twenty or twenty-five infantry companies to enter old regiments that have re-enlisted. Will this meet with your approbation? Answer.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 28, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 25th instant,* stating that several municipalities in your State, having already filled their quotas, are willing to continue encouraging enlistments, especially of recruits for old regiments and more especially the re-enlistment of old soldiers, if they can be assured that the surplus so enlisted by them will be credited upon future calls.

In reply I have the honor to inform you that there can be no doubt that such credit will be given, and I would thank you to renew this assurance to all persons directly or indirectly interested in the recruiting service in your State. It is important that the organizations composing our armies in the field be filled, if possible, to the maximum, and to attain this end at an early day it is especially no wise abated.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, January 28, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

You were mistaken in saying to Major Van Buren that I have adopted the views of the Governors at the expense of not carrying out my orders. In my intercourse with the Governors I have endeavored to secure all their assistance as indicated by the Secretary of War, who instructed me to visit them at once. There is now a perfect understanding. You are also mistaken in saying that no recruits have been made for the Ninth Corps. Every regiment of

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

