
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 30, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Louisville, Ky.:

Circular Numbers 49, current series, will not apply to colored regiments organized by you, except is so far as you may think proper.

By order:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 30, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: In addition to the telegraphic reply to your telegram of the 29th instant in reference to Circular Numbers 49, current series, from this office, I am directed to say, in explanation, that the design of the circular referred to was simply to establish a general system for promotion in those regiments not organized by you.

Upward of forth regiments had been organized under the supervision of this Bureau. Many vacancies are constantly occurring in these regiments and others not organized by General Thomas, and as a consequence many applications for promotion were being received.

It therefore became necessary to establish some general rules governing such promotions. To promote by seniority was not considered judicious for this branch of the service, hence the issue of Circular Numbers 49.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, July 30. 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise 100 new companies of volunteer infantry under the all of the 18th instant for 500,000 men. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as the recruits may elect. The said companies must be mustered in before September 5, 1864, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the aforesaid call. Should any of the companies fail to organize within a reasonable time they will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in as complete companies before the aforesaid date. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

36 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

