
1865, and for other purposes, approved July 4, 1864, all officers commanding regiments, batteries, and independent companies of colored troops, will immediately make a thorough investigation and individual examination of the men belonging to their commands who were enlisted prior to January 1, 1864, with a view to ascertaining who of them were free men on or before April 19, 1861. The fact of freedom to be determined in each case on the statement of the soldier, under oath, taken in connection with the most reliable information that can be obtained from other sources. And when, in view of all the facts in each case, commanding officers are of the opinion that any enlisted men of their commands were free on the date aforesaid, they will upon the next muster-rolls enter the following remark opposite the names of such soldiers, viz: "Free on or before april 19, 1861;" and such soldiers shall be mustered for pay accordingly. Such muster shall be authority for the Pay Department to pay said soldiers from the time of their entry into service to the 1st day of January, 1864, the difference between the pay received by them as soldiers under their present enlistments and the full pay allowed by law at the same period to white soldiers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., August 1, 1864.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Your telegram of the 31st ultimo received. We think from letters received in the adjutant-general's office we can raise two or three regiments infantry for one year before the time of the draft. Would like to raise them as soon as possible, as we find a strong inclination to enlist just now. Twelve-months" troops referred to by me desire to re-enlist as cavalry without conditions as to the place of services.

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 1, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have been to Cincinnati and arranged for the patrol boats, but the arrangements for manning them are still on my hands. Please answer the following questions: What number of men to handle the armament shall be assigned to each boat? River men recommend thirty to fifty. Will you authorize to require the assistant provost-marshal to assign men who are daily enlisting for gun- boat service to this particular service while it continues and then to be turned over to other boats? An officer with the rank of major should be assigned to the command of the whole and one captain or lieutenant assigned to each boat. I have no officers to assign. Will the Department detail them and furnish me a list. They should report early to Colonel Swords, at Cincinnati.

JNO. BROUGH.

