
COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 1, 1864-8.30 p. m. (Received 10 a. m. 2nd.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Doctor Dorsey informs me that you finally determined that men in the National Guard who were drafted under the last draft should be exempted from reporting under it. I would not advise the promulgation of this decision until the present term of service expires, but I request you to telegraph me an order that 100- days" men who were so drafted may enlist for one year, and be thereby released from reporting under the draft. There are about 3,000 of them so situated, and most of them will enlist under such an order.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 1, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the joint letter from yourself and the Governor of Maryland dated July 21, 1864, asking authority to raise a volunteer force in your respective States, to be exclusively used for home or local defense, and for guarding the fords of the Potomac. In reply I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the proposition has been fully considered, and that the authority asked for cannot be granted. In this connection please see the act of Congress approved February 13, 1862, as promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 15, series of 1862, from this office.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to Governor of Maryland, Annapolis, Md.)

[AUGUST 1, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 44, Department of the Susquehanna (Couch), directing the organization of "an active force of not less than 15,000 men," see Series I, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 572.]

[AUGUST 1-3, 1864.-For correspondence between Rosecrans and Yates in relation to raising a regiment of volunteers for guard duty at Alton, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part II, pp. 505,539.]

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 61. Washington, August 2, 1864.

It is announced, for the information and guidance of all concerned, that an officer of a three-years" organization who receives a new commission of a date subsequent to that of his original muster into service is held to service for three years from the date of his last muster into service, and not for three years from the date of the original muster in.

No musters in are authorized or recognized by the War Department for the unexpired term of an organization. Musters so made have uniformly been revoked so soon as brought to notice.

