
draft is received. You are accordingly authorized to raise two regiments of infantry, the recruitment of the same to be governed by the prescribed Recruiting and Mustering Regulations. Full instructions to you by mail to-day. The question as to re- enlisting the cavalry will be answered in a day or two. How can the cavalry be mounted?

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[AUGUST 2, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 106, Department of the Gulf (Banks), directing enlistment of all able-bodied men of color between the ages of eighteen and forty years, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 518.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 2, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

If the Sixty-fifth Regiment National Guard, after being recruited and organized as required by law for volunteers, will volunteer for one year it will be accepted.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[AUGUST 2, 1864.-For Rosecrans to Fisk and Loan in regard to raising volunteer troops in Missouri, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part II, pp. 525, 526.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 2, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Yours of last evening just received. An opinion was expressed to Mr. Dorsey that a decision might be made in conformity with your wishes, but no decision has been made or promulgated because I desired further conference with you. I will have the order shaped as desired in your telegram and transmitted to you. Mr. Dorsey has verified my objection to dealing with unauthorized persons verbally by reporting his inferences as an absolute decision.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 2, 1864-1 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Doctor Dorsey communicates to me about the purport of your dispatch. He did not announce a decision as made. It was not even as strong as your dispatch to me on the same subject received at Philadelphia.

If the order I suggested is made, I want to promulgate it to the men before expiration of service.

JOHN BROUGH.

