
COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There is trouble anticipated in several district in the State about the time of draft. Several strong organizations are forming, and some arming to resist. We will have men enough of the Guard back for service, but our arms are the French and Prussian muskets, very inferior, and many of them worthless. Can you make a deposit of 10,000 to 20,000 Enfield rifles here with your ordnance officer, to be drawn on in case of emergency? The same thing would be accomplished by allowing the National Guard to bring their arms home and turn them here.

JNO. BROUGH.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 2, 1864-1 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The greatest drawback we have in recruiting men is the order not permitting muster until a company organization is complete. Sub- districts cannot pay bounties until after muster. Men refuse to enlist and wait till muster to get their bounty money. Brokers, are working among them all the time, creating disaffection. Why cannot this order be modified and men be mustered promptly? This call is a very difficult thing to manage, and we should have all possible facilities granted us in filling it. Try and modify some of the arbitrary rules. You want men. We want to avoid troubles that look formidable in enforcing the draft. It may the provost- marshal's department a little more labor and trouble, but I assure you the end will more than justify the sacrifice.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 2, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

The regulation in respect to not mustering until a company is organized has been in force ever since the commencement of the war and during the Mexica war. In order to avoid complaint and give other systems fair trial, it has been relaxed in two or three instances, but had to be restored again as the only means to secure recruits. Experience has proved the rule to be absolutely necessary. Complaints will be made, and this regulation can as well serve the purpose as any other. You know that this Department is ever ready to modify rules where consistent with the service, and certainly have no ground to complain of want of facilities that can possibly be afforded. Brokers oppose the regulation, for it is the great check upon their fraudulent practice of swearing in the same recruit over and over again. They will, of course, try to create disaffection; but I pray you consider the matter, and you cannot fail to see the frauds that have been and will be perpetrated by relaxing the rule. It is not an arbitrary rule, but one founded in reason and sanctioned by three years experience. You ask me to "try and modify some of the arbitrary rules." I will cheerfully do so if you will point out any that are arbitrary. All rules

