
may be stigmatized by that name, but you have had experience enough to know that the whole business of recruiting will be chaos if not conducted upon such rules as reason and experience show to be necessary to guard against frauds.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., August 2, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your dispatch of yesterday to the Secretary of War is received. Men now in the "100-days" service" from your State, who have been drafted, may, if they desire to do so, enlist for one year as volunteers, their term of service to commence from the date of such enlistment, and when they shall have so enlisted they will be discharged from obligation to report under the draft.

JAMES B. FRY.

CIRCULAR LETTER WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 62. Washington, August 3, 1864.

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War I have the honor to communicate the following regulations relative to the appointment of officers for regiments or organizations of white troops recruited in the rebel State, to govern in lieu of any and all instructions, or authority, heretofore granted:

NEW ORGANIZATIONS.

1. In recruiting new troops, the commanding general who may have received authority to recruit the organization will forward his list of nominations for commissioned officer direct to the Adjutant-General of the Army, when, if approved by the President, the appointments, or, in lieu thereof, authority for the musters in will be issued; the rank and commencement of pay to take effect form the date of muster into service by the duly appointed commissary of musters, or mustering officer, under whose control the regiment or other organization may be. The lists, in all cases of company officers, must give the companies, respectively, with which the intended officers are to serve. No provision herein contained will be construed as authorizing the muster in of an individual unless there is a command for him, as required by paragraph 85, Mustering Regulations.

OLD ORGANIZATIONS.

2. For old organizations, as fast as vacancies occur among the field and staff, or company officers thereof, names of individuals to fill them will be forwarded, by the commanding general of the department in which the organization may be serving, direct to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The applications must state in each case the strength of the command with which the party is to be mustered. In the case of a company officer, the letter of the company must be given. If the nomination is confirmed by the President, notification thereof and authority for the muster in will be issued through the Adjutant-General's Office.

