
IV. The several recruiting rendezvous in this department will be camps of instruction and discipline.

Recruits will be instructed during their continuance in camp in the school of the soldier and of the company, and will be forwarded from time to time, upon reacquisitions, to such regiments as they may be ordered. Weekly reports will be made to these headquarters by the superintendent of the number of men in camp fit for duty and the States to which they are credited.

Whenever details are made to join regiments the men longest in camp will be sent.

Officers will be detailed from time to time, upon application to these headquarters therefor, for the purpose of instructing these recruits.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 4, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

This morning, upon what I believed urgent necessity, I made requisition upon Lieutenant Arnold for 100 stand of arms to send to the Union forces in Montgomery county, which he says, according to his instructions, he cannot let me have. Will you please send him an order to answer my requisition for arms as I may deem it best to make them? Also, please authorize him to place such guard as I may direct around the arsenal, containing arms and considerable ammunition and valuable property, as they are constantly in danger. Please answer me immediately.

R. YATES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 4, 1864-10 p. m.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram just received and orders issued as requested.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 4, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Several of my telegrams are unanswered, especially those in relation on men and officers on Ohio River patrol-boats, in regard to local camps of rendezvous, and also in relation to efficient arms for home protection.

JNO. BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 4,1 864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your telegram respecting the officers and men for patrol-boats has remained unanswered until I learned what number of boats were

