
obtained, and when they would probably be ready, as on this point depends in some measure the source from which the force can be supplied. Colonel Swords was directed to confer with you. Has he done so? The Springfield arms can be placed in your arsenal, to be distributed as you may need them; but it was my design to let your troops take their arms home and there turn them over. This seemed to be satisfactory to you, and no answer was deemed necessary.

The question as to local camps of rendezvous is under General Fry's consideration and he has not yet reported. I think the objections are insuperable to having a rendezvous in each Congressional district, but if it be possible, without serious injury to the service, the effort will be made to conform to your wishes. If it be done in one State it will be claimed in all, even without any reason, and this circumstance renders special arrangements impossible. Such regulations only can be made, and such modifications of general regulations permitted, as can be executed consisted with the service in every State. Every Governor claims some specific arrangement for himself, and insists because some other Governor has been indulged. Only yourself and one or two others seem willing to conform to anything but their own notions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[AUGUST 4, 1864.-For correspondence between Stanton and Boreman relating to measures for the protection of West Virginia, see Series I, Vol. XLIII, Part I, pp. 681, 182.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 260. Washington, August 5, 1864.

* * * * * *

11. A board to consist of-

Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General W. S. Ketchum, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Richard Delafield, Chief of Engineers, U. S. Army; First Lieutenant A. W. Kroutinger, Second U. S. Infantry, recorder, is hereby constituted to make a thorough examination of the subject of management and military control of the U. S. general hospitals. The Board will assemble at such times and places at it may agree upon, and is authorized and directed to inspect as many of the general hospitals, in whatever locality, as it may deem proper. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the members of the Board with such transportation, by spring wagons or otherwise, as it may make requisition for. All officers of the Medical Department are hereby directed to give the members of the Board will return to this city, carefully examine the law and regulations governing the whole subject, and will report fully upon the existing system, and also a plan, if any different from the present one be deemed necessary or proper, for the control, management, and accountability of hospitals.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

