
Many localities have already raised their quotas of the 300,000 and stop only because no more is asked of them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Approved.

E. M. STANTON.

In the case of subjects of a foreign government having voluntarily entered the service as substitutes being discharged on ground of alienage.

OPINION.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 30, 1864.

Aliens, who are subjects of a foreign government, having voluntarily enlisted in the service of the United States as substitutes for drafted men, are not entitled to be discharged from such service by reason of alienage; but may, under the law of nations, be held to perform their engagements without giving the government to whom their allegiance is due just cause of complaint.

WILLIAM WHITING,

Solicitor of the War Department.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 30, 1864.

SUPERINTENDENTS OF VOLUNTEER RECRUITING SERVICE:

Paragraph 5 of the circular of December 15, from this office, is hereby modified as to authorize you to order veteran volunteers, after expiration of the furloughs, back to the armies and departments from which they were sent, without awaiting orders from this office. So soon as you have so ordered an organization to return, report by telegram its strength and the recruits obtained, as the aforesaid paragraph directs. Give your personal attention to the execution of this order, and let there be no delay in returning the veterans to the field after furlough.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this.

By order:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 30, 1864.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

The measure proposed in your telegram of the 28th received yesterday - to put newly organized companies in the old regiments -has heretofore been considered by the Department and decided not to be advantageous to the service. On your application to me and to Colonel Fry, in your telegram of yesterday, it has been again considered and cannot be approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

