
three at Pittsburgh. All the boats will be ready next week. May be delayed a few days for guns and carriages.

J. BROUGH.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 63. Washington, August 6, 1864.

Men of the Signal Corps who may have enlisted from June 25, 1863, to January 5, 1864, entitled to the $402 bounty, being enlisted for three years, will be paid their bounty by installments, as arranged in General Orders, Numbers 66, of 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 6, 1864.

HORACE GREELEY,

New York:

Yours to Major Hay about publication of our correspondence received.* With the suppression of a few passages in your letters, in regard to which I think you and I would not disagree, I should be glad of the publication. Please come on and see me.

A. LINCOLN.

General HDQRS. STATE OF ILLINOIS, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Washington, August 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington:

GENERAL: I am instructed by His Excellency Governor Yates to respectfully inform you that disturbances of a serious character have broken out between loyal and disloyal citizens of Illinois residing or living in the counties of Fayette and Montgomery, and unless immediately checked by the military authorities of the Government it is his opinion that civil war will soon be inaugurated in that State.

We have no adequate militia organization in that State, and but a very few arms belonging to the State with which to arm loyal citizens in case of rebellions or insurrectionary movements there.

To provide against threatening danger, and to the end that the Federal Government may be able at any time to suppress rebellions or insurrectionary movements and give prompt and adequate protection to the persons and property of Union citizens of Illinois as well as to be able to enforce a draft in case one should be ordered there, I am instructed by Governor Yates to respectfully and urgently request that the State of Illinois may be declared a military district and an officer of proper rank be assigned to its command.

I am also directed to respectfully request that Governor Yates by authorized to raise one regiment of infantry or cavalry for Government service for one year, to be credited to the State on the late call and to serve in said State as long as it may be necessary.

I have the honor, general, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General of Illinois.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

