
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 7, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The Provost-Marshal-General has directions to forward you authority to raise the regiment spoken of and referred to in your note.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 7, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Your communication by General Holt and your telegram received. Your proceedings against disloyal persons in your command are approved. Your telegram has been forwarded to Major-General Heintzelman.* The whole State of Kentucky is constituted a military district of the Department of the Ohio and placed under your command, with authority of a department commander, except in matters which by law are vested in department commanders. The orders will be transmitted by mail. You are also authorized to establish your headquarters at Louisville, or wherever you deem expedient. You may re-enlist for general service for one your all the cavalry you can mount. General Grant suggests that new organizations, white and black, shall be enlisted as infantry, and mounted if you wish to use them as cavalry, which would avoid trouble in dismounting them when needed for infantry.;

The promotion you ask for Lieutenant-Colonel Fairleigh would be cheerfully given, but the law authorizing the appointments of additional aides has been repealed, so there is no power to do more than give him a brevet appointment of colonel, which gives no additional pay. Your mode of mounting cavalry by seizing horses of disloyal persons is approved, and you are authorized to seize all you can lay hands on; and if you do not deem them yourself, turn them over to the Quartermaster's Department for general service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 7, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

Major-General Dix has been authorized to raise a regiment of heavy artillery or infantry, as he may elect, in the State of New York. He will confer with you as to appointment of officers, and it is respectfully requested that you will commission the persons he may nominate. Copy of authorization in full by mail.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 232.

---------------

