
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 35. Washington, February 1, 1864.

The following is an order of the President of the United States:

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

February 1, 1864.

Ordered, That a draft for 500,000 men, to serve for three years or during the war, be made on the 10th day of March next, for the military service of the United States, crediting and deducting therefrom so many as may have been enlisted or drafted into the service prior to the 1st day of March, and not heretofore credited.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Washington, February 1, 1864.

I. Any volunteer who has been or may be accepted into the service and who serves faithfully his two years (continuous service) is entitled to the bounty provided by the act of July 22, 1861, no matter at what time since the commencement of the rebellion he entered the service of the United States, and this bounty will be paid upon the discharge of the soldier, as provided by the first paragraph of the Department General Orders, Numbers 137, of 1863.

II. When enlisted men are discharged within two years" service under circumstances that entitle them to the bounty provided by the sixth section of the act of Congress approved July 29, 1861, as amended by the act of March 3, 1863, the fact that the discharge is "by reason of wounds received in battle" will be stated on the discharge certificates, and the bounty due and remaining unpaid will be credited on their final statements, and be paid, like other arrearages, by the Pay Department.

III. Furloughed soldiers other than re-enlisted volunteers, who are unable to pay the transportation from and to their regiment, may be furnished with such by the Quartermaster's Department, the amount to be charged on their furloughs and deducted from their next pay. Quartermasters furnishing such transportation will immediately notify the respective company commanders, or in cases of soldiers on detached service, the officers by whom they are mustered for payment.

IV. When a drafted man is held to service the amount of traveling pay due him as allowed by section 6, act of March 3, 1863, from his place of residence to his place of rendezvous, will be entered in his descriptive list by the district provost-marshal, to be placed on the muster-roll of the company to which the man is assigned and paid by the Pay Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 1, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Being informed at this place that the slaves of Kentucky, on the borders of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Tennessee, were constantly

