
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 8, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding, Department of the East, New York City, N. Y.:

GENERAL: You are hereby authorized to raise one new regiment of infantry or heavy artillery, as you may deem best, under the call of the 18th ultimo for 500,000 men. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as recrutis may elect. The said regiment must be mustered in before September 5, 1864, in order that it may be credited on the quota of the State under the aforesaid call. Should the regiment fail to organize within a reasonable time, it will be consolidated into a battalion and be mustered in before that date. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office. His Excellency the Governor of New York has been requested to commission the officers of the 7th instant, copy herewith.* So soon as the regiment, or any part thereof, is mustered in, you will place it on duty under your command until further orders.

I am, general,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy of foregoing authorization sent to Governor of New York, and one to General Hays.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., August 8, 1864.

His Excellency J. T. LEWIS,

Governor of State of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

SIR: I have respectfully to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant asking authority to raise a colored regiment in the rebel State and appoint the officers for the same. In reply thereto I am directed to inform you that a system for the organization of the colored recruits that may be obtained in the rebel States has already been established, contemplating their assignment to old regiments reduced by battle and other causes. Such assignment is absolutely demanded by the interests of the service and precludes the granting of your request.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 234. Washington, August 9, 1864.

CONCERNING MUSTER OF RECRUITS FOR NEW ORGANIZATIONS.

The restriction preventing mustering officers (including provost- marshals of enrollment districts) from mustering in recruits for new

---------------

*See p. 584.

---------------

