
panies for that regiment and to recruit for the one in service as requested. Please send a copy of this to Colonel Hill, and it will be his authority to muster the men.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 9, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,

Concord, N. H.:

You have authority from the Secretary of War to raise four companies of heavy artillery for general service. Full authorization by mail to-day.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, August 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Is there an order of the War Department that manufactures of the Henry rifle shall not fill private orders while manufacturing for the Government. I have heard something of the kind. Agents for manufactures are all over this State selling these arms to men who are organizing to resist the draft. Such an agent is selling heavy rifles here; sold thirty yesterday. The transactions are private, and civil process will not prevent it. Do you hold the manufacturers under such control that you can stop for ninety days the shipment or furnishing of arms by them for private sale?

The evil is a serious one. Can it be reached?

JNO. BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, August 9, 1864-5 p. m.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your telegram just receive. I will ascertain what the arrangement is in regard to the Henry rifle. The evil is one readily reached by seizing the arms and taking possession of the manufactory.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, August 9, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Prompt measures should be taken in regard to the rifles; over fifty have been sold here in the last forty-eight hours to go into one copper-head county. I have not doubt the agent knows the purpose for which they are purchased, but I cannot bring home this knowledge to him by proof. He says he has large orders and is getting more every day. I have traced over 200 of these arms into one county. Advise me of your actions.

JNO. BROUGH.

