
COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Recruiting progresses slowly. There will be a heavy draft, and strong organizations are making to resist its enforcement. There is no sensational alarm in this. Force, and a good deal of it, will be required to overawe the resistance party. What is your view in regard to it? Where and by what means is that force to be raised? Many regiments of the Guard are asking to have their time extended sixty to one hundred days. That, of course, is to jump the draft under the New York decision. This I would be willing to see done; but I have not favored it, because I cannot consent to have them longer out of the State. How would you regard a proposition to extend the time of such men as would accept for ninety days in the U. S. service, to be kept in the State for home service, or repelling invasion on the border? Could this extension be made without remuster? Must it be done by regiments, or can part go out of regiments and others take their places? If it is acceptable I want to get at it by as simple a mode as possible. There must not be less than 10,000 to 15,000 men under arms in Ohio in September if the draft is enforced.

JNO. BROUGH.

COLUMBUS, August 9, 1864.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The Ohio State agent at Nashville in charge of agents for recruiting in rebel States writes me that Governor of Connecticut has assistant in the field, duly commissioned, to whom the Provost-Marshal-General has given passes, but will permit none of our assistants to go without they are commissioned by you. I have given commissions to one agent from each Congressional district. They have all asked all asked for assistants-some one, some five or six. Under you regulations can I commission such assistants; and if so, to what number for each district? A prompt answer by telegraph is requested, at my charge.

JNO. BROUGH.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., August 9, 1864.

His Excellency Governor JOHN BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

The orders of the Department do not limit the number of agents you may appoint to recruit, under the law, in rebel State. The suggestion is that the number shall not be large; but if you are not prevented by this Department from commissioning them at once. No commissions have been issued from this office, and there is no authority for distinction you speak of as having been made at Nashville.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

