
in it, and I have reports for October, November, and part of December, showing that 42,529 men have been enlisted, and the daily average of enlistments is increasing. Under these circumstances I respectfully suggest the property of a reconsideration of the act forbidding bounties after January 5. I inclose herewith a copy of my report to you of the 25th of December in relation to the subject of the present bounties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 2. Washington, January 5, 1864.

For the information and guidance of all concerned, the following explanation of the disposition of the muster-in rolls of officers conditionally mustered into service by request of the Governors of the States, under General Orders, No. 75, War Department, series of 1862, is published:

These rolls are considered merely a memorandum for future action of the mustering officer, as the regiment to which the officer will be attached is not designated, and the officer cannot be paid until he is assigned to a regiment. The roll is therefore useless for the files of this office, but should be retained for the guidance of the mustering officer in future musters.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, January 5, 1864.

[TO ALL CHIEF MUSTERING OFFICERS:]

SIR: I am directed to instruct you to order all the recruiting officers under my command to pay all men whom they enlist into the Regular Army $25 bounty and $2 premium immediately on enlistment.

You will also instruct them, in all cases where the provost- marshals of the district in which they are recruiting notify them that they have men who desire to enlist into the Regular Army, to proceed to their offices and make out and complete their papers, but that the transfer of men from the volunteers service into the Regular Army after they have been definitely enlisted into the volunteer service is contrary to law.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 1. Washington, January 5, 1864.

Paragraph 85 of the Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, and Circular No. 100, of November 9, 1863, are amended to read as follows:

85. The following diseases and infirmities are those which disqualify for military service, and for which only drafted men are to be "rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the service," viz:

1. Manifest mental imbecility.

---------------

*See Vol. III, this series, p.1192

---------------

