
Governor Seymour says:

The average quotas in thirty-one Congressional districts of New York are 2,881; in Massachusetts and New Hampshire they are 2,167; in Pennsylvania 2,571. It will be seen that the average demand made in every Congressional district in this State is 310 men per district more than is required in Pennsylvania, and for 714 men per district more than Massachusetts and New Hampshire. There are no differences in the character of the population of these States to account for these discrepancies.

The "character of the population" is not the point to look to to account for these discrepancies; it is more question of fact as to the number of men of certain ages and condition in the different districts. That fact is ascertained by making the enrollment, as explained in detail heretofore, and generalization as to the character of the population, the census, or the vote does not affect it. It must be admitted, however, that the character of the enrollment may be affected by the "character of the population." Where the "population" takes an interest in securing a just administration of the law by aiding the U. S. officers in making and correcting the enrollment, lists more nearly perfect are obtained. In New York they have not done this as assiduously as they have in Boston and in some other places.

The Governor says further:

If a comparison is made between cities of different States the disproportion of men demanded from New York and Brooklyn is still more startling. While in these cities 26 per cent. of the population is enrolled, in Boston only 12 1/2 per cent. (or less than one-half of that ratio) are liable to be drafted.

I am unable to see by what mode of calculation this 'startling" disproportion is arrived at. The population of New York City and Brooklyn by the last census is 1,092,791; the enrollment in those cities is 184,925.

The percentage of the population which has been enrolled is, therefore, 16.92. I cannot discover how the Governor can make it 26. The percentage in Boston is correctly given at 12.50. Instead of the ration of enrolled men to population in Boston being "less than one-half" the same ratio in New York and Brooklyn, it appears that there is a difference of but one-quarter between the two. The 'startling" disproportion, therefore, seems to be founded not altogether upon fact, upon partially, at least, upon an error in calculation.

The Governor says:

The ten Congressional districts of Massachusetts are required to furnish under the last call only 21,670 men. The first ten Congressional districts in this State are called upon for 35,954, making an excess of 14,284. It is clear that great injustice is done by these enrollments.

It is to be observed that the first ten Congressional districts in New York include the closely-populated cities of New York and Brooklyn, and the ten in Massachusetts take the whole State- cities, towns, and counties. The comparison is evidently unfair, unless it is assumed that the whole territory of Massachusetts is as densely populated as the cities of New York and Brooklyn. The discrepancy might have been made more 'startling" by comparing the first ten districts in New York with ten districts in some more sparsely-settled region.

I repeat that the enrollment is a mere question of fact. It is the ascertainment of the number of men of a certain description in defined areas. It was made with care, and has been revised with pains on the part of the U. S. officers, and there is no force in the comparisons instituted by the Governor of New York, except so far

