
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 11, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver City, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise a regiment of volunteer infantry for 100 days" service. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. The term of service of all the companies will date from date of muster in of the last company. No bounty will be paid. So soon as mustered in the regiment will be reported to the commanding general Department of Kansas for assignment to duty in Colorado until further orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy to superintendent recruiting service, Denver City, Colo. Ter.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 11, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF CONNECTICUT,

Hartford, Conn.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise not exceeding thirty new companies of volunteer infantry under the call of the 18th of July for 500,000 men. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as the recruits may elect. The said companies must be mustered in before September 5, 1864, in order that they may be credited on the quota of the State under the aforesaid call. Should any of the companies fail to organize within a reasonable time they will be consolidated, so as to form and be mustered in as complete companies before the aforesaid date. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

I am, &amp;c.,

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy to Colonel F. D. Sewall, superintendent volunteer recruiting service, Hartford, Conn.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 11, 1864.

His Excellency SAMUEL CONY,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: Your letter of July 25 was duly received and has been carefully considered by this Department. As an executive officer charged simply with the execution of the act of Congress and the orders of the President in regard to the raising of troops, I do not feel that it is my province to enter into any discussion upon the various topics mentioned in your letter. Under the authority of the act of Congress the President has made a call upon the loyal States for troops "to

