
SPRINGFIELD, ILL., February 1, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Your dispatches of the 26th and letter of the 18th ultimo were received on the 28th ultimo. My adjutant-general, by my direction, telegraphed you inquiring if 145,100 was the total quota of this State under all calls made by the Federal Government on the 9th [8th] ultimo. You answered him that all matters relating to draft would be considered in time.* This answer is not satisfactory, and I now respectfully request a definite answer to that inquiry.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 42. Washington, February 2, 1864.

The following regulations for the care of field-works and the government of their garrisons, prepared by Brigadier-General Barry, inspector of artillery, U. S. Army, are published for the government of all concerned:

1. It is the duty of the commanding officer of each work to provide for the care of the armament and the safety and serviceable condition of the magazines, ammunition, implements, and equipments; and by frequent personal inspections to secure the observance of the rules prescribed for this purpose.

2. The fixed armament, consisting of the heavy guns and those the positions of which are prescribed, will be numbered in a regular series, commencing with the first gun on the right of the entrance of the main gate. Where there are platforms temporarily unoccupied by guns they will be numbered in the regular series. The ammunition will be kept in the magazines, with the exception of a few stand of grape, canister, and solid shot, which will be piled near the guns.

3. The gun carriages will be kept clean and all axles and journals well lubricated. They will be traversed daily, and never be allowed to rest for two successive days on the same part of the traverse circle. If the gun carriage does not move easily on the chassis the tongue will be occasionally greased. The upper carriage should not rest habitually on the same part of the chassis.

4. The elevating screw and its box will be kept clean and well greased. When the guns are not in use the screw will be run down as far as it will go, the breech of the piece being first raised until the muzzle is sufficiently depressed to prevent water running into it, and kept in that position by a wooden quoin or block. The tompion should be kept in the muzzle and the apron over the vent.

5. The piece is not to be kept habitually loaded. It will be time to load when the enemy appears, or when special orders to that effect are given.

6. The commanding officer will see that a shed is constructed for the implements and equipments. For each drill these will be issued to the gunners by the ordnance sergeant, or other non- commissioned officer acting as such, who will receive and put them away after the drill is over, and be at all times responsible to the commanding officer for their safety and serviceable condition, and that the supply is adequate. When sheds cannot be provided, the implements will be kept near the pieces or in the bombproof. The equipments (haversacks,

---------------

* See January 9, p. 17.

---------------

