
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 11, 1864.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: Lieutenant Colonel F. Townsend, acting assistance provost- marshal-general, represents that there are 100 men in Saratoga County, N. Y., over forty-five years of age, who desire to enter the service for garrison duty. These men will be accepted as a company of volunteer infantry. They will be mustered into service for one, two, or three years, as they may elect, and receive pay and allowances as infantry soldiers, but no bounty will be paid.

So soon as organized and mustered into service the company will be reported to Major General John A. Dix, commanding Department of the East, for duty until ordered elsewhere for other garrison duty.

Attention is invited to the act of Congress promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 15, 1862, from the War Department, forbidding troops from being mustered into service on terms or conditions confining their service to the limits of any State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 245. Washington, August 12, 1864.

The following act of Congress is published for the information and government of all concerned:

PUBLIC-Numbers 173. AN ACT to provide for the efficiency of the Navy.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That any person enlisted in the military service of the United States who shall apply to the Navy Department to be transferred to the Navy or Marine Corps shall, if his application be approved by the President of the United States, be transferred to the Navy or Marine Corps to serve the residue of his term of enlistment therein, subject to the laws and regulations for the government of the Navy: Provided, That such transfer shall not release the transferred person from any indebtedness to the Government, nor, without the consent of the President of the United States, from any penalty incurred for a breach of military law.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That any seaman or mariner, or person who may have served as such, drafted into the military service, may, by order of the President of the United States, be transferred to the naval service, to serve therein, subject to the laws and regulations for the government of the Navy, for the term or residue of the term for which he was drafted.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That all enlistments into the naval service or Marine Corps during the present war shall be credited to the appropriate township, precinct, or district, in the same manner as enlistments for the Army.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That persons hereafter enlisted into the naval service of Marine Corps during the present war shall be entitled to receive the same bounty as if enlisted in the Army. And the resolution approved February twenty-four, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled "A resolution relative to the transfer of persons in the military service to the naval service," is hereby repealed: Provided, nevertheless, That such sums as may have been paid as bounty to persons transferred from the military t the naval service or Marine Corps shall be charged to and paid out of the proper naval appropriation, or appropriation for the Marine Corps.

Approved July 1, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

