
WASHINGTON, August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: I have just received General Heintzelman's report on General Burbridge's telegram in regard to arresting certain persons in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. General Heintzelman does not deem it prudent to make arrests at the present time, as a rescue would probably be attempted, and his force is not sufficient to put down an insurrection. He thinks there will be a forcible resistance to the draft, and greatly fears disturbances before that time. He does not deem the prisoners of war as secure, and thinks a combination has been formed to release them and seize the arsenals. To provide against this he wants 10.000 men in each of the States of Indiana and Illinois and 5,000 in Ohio.

General Pope and the provost-marshal-general of Wisconsin report that there will be armed resistance to the draft in that State, and that as all the troops there have been ordered into the field, they will have no means to enforce it.

Apprehensions of a rebel raid from Canada into Michigan and New York, to burn towns, are reported.

There is also much uneasiness in West Virginia on account of the discharge of the Ohio 100-days" men, which they say leaves them nearly defenseless.

The Governor of Colorado makes a requisition to-day for 10,000 men, to be sent immediately to General Curtis to put down Indiana insurrections.

General Carleton reports that his California volunteers will not re-enlist, and that troops must be sent to New Mexico and Arizona to replace them.

Add these requisitions to those from New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware, and I think we can dispose of a few hundred thousand men, if you can spare them from the James River.

Seriously, I think much importance should be attached to the representations of General Heintzelman in regard to the condition of affairs in the West.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 12, 1864.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

The Secretary of War has forbidden the recruiting of men in one State to be credited to another, except as provided by the act of July 4, 1864, for recruiting in States in rebellion. He directs that you see to the execution of this order in your State, and, if necessary, arrest recruiting officers and agents who may be found violating it.

Make this known to the Governor.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*For reply, see August 15, Series I, Vol. XLII, Part II, p. 193.

---------------

