
(Operator will send similar dispatch to following acting assistant provost-marshal-general: Captain William Silvey, Concord, N. H.; Brigadier General T. G. Pitcher, Brattleborough, Vt.; Major Francis N. Clarke, Boston, Mass.; Captain Wesley Owens, Providence, R. I.; Colonel F. D. Sewall, Hartford, Conn.; Brigadier General William Hays, New York City; Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Townsend, Albany, N. Y.; Major A. S. Diven, Elmira, N. Y.; Colonel R. C. Buchanan, Trenton, N. J.; Major C. C. Gilbert, Philadelphia, Pa.; Captain R. I. Dodge, Harrisburg, Pa.; Colonel N. L. Jeffries, Baltimore, Md.; Colonel John Ely, Wheeling, W. Va.; Major W. H. Sidell, Louisville, Ky.; Colonel E. B. Alexander, Saint Louis, Mo.; Colonel J. H. Potter, Columbus, Ohio; Colonel Conrad Baker, Indianapolis, Ind.; Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Springfield, Ill.; Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Hill, Detroit, Mich.; Major Thomas Duncan, Davenport, Iowa; Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Lovell, Madison, Wis.; Lieutenant Colonel John T. Averill, Saint Paul, Minn.; Captain Sidney Clarke, Leavenworth, Kans,; Colonel Thomas C. English, Portland, Oreg.; Brigadier General J. S. Mason, San Francisco, Cal.)

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 246. Washington, August 13, 1864.

The following "Rules and regulations for preventing collisions on the water," published in General Orders, Numbers 34, of May 4, 1864, from the Navy Department, will be immediately adopted on all vessels owned or chartered by the Quartermaster's Department of the Army:

The provisions of the following act "fixing certain rules and regulations for preventing collisions on water," to take effect on the 1st day of September, 1864, are adopted for the naval service of the United States from this date. As most of the collisions occur from the non-observance of article 16, it is particularly enjoined upon commanding officers in approaching another vessel to slacken and stop in time to prevent the possibility of collision:

AN ACT fixing certain rules and regulations for preventing collision on the water.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United state of America in Congress assembled, That from and after September first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the following rules and regulations for preventing collisions on the water be adopted in the Navy and the mercantile marine of the United States: Provided, That the exhibition of any light on board of a vessel-or-war of the United States may be suspended whenever, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, the commander-in-chief of a squadron, or the commander of a vessel acting singly, the special character of the service may require it:

REGULATIONS FOR PREVENTING COLLISIONS ON THE WATER.

CONTENTS.

ART. 1. Preliminary.

Rules concerning lights.

ART. 2. Lights to be carried as follows:

ART. 3. Lights for steamships.

ART. 4. Lights for steam tugs.

ART. 5. Lights for sailing ships.

ART. 6. Exceptional lights for small sailing vessels.

ART. 7. Lights for ships at anchor.

ART. 8. Lights for pilot vessels.

ART. 9. Lights for fishing vessels and boats.

Rules concerning fog signals.

ART. 10. Fog signals.

Steering and sailing rules.

ART. 11. Two sailing ships meeting.

ART. 12. Two sailing ships crossing.

ART. 13. Two ships under steam meeting.

ART. 14. Two ships under steam crossing.

ART. 15. Sailing ship and ship under steam.

ART. 16. Ships under steam to slacken speed.

ART. 17. Vessels overtaking other vessels.

ART. 18. Construction of articles 12, 14, 15, and 17.

ART. 19. Proviso to save special cases.

ART. 20. No ship under nay circumstances to neglect proper precautions.

PRELIMINARY.

ARTICLE 1. In the following rules every steamship which is under sail, and not under steam, is to be considered a sailing ship; and every steamship which is under steam, whether under sail or not, is to be considered a ship under steam.

