
RULES CONCERNING LIGHTS.

Lights.

ART. 2. The lights mentioned in the following articles, and no others, shall be carried in all weathers between sunset and sunrise.

Lights for steamships.

ART. 3. All steam vessels when under way shall carry-

(a) At the foremast head a bright white light, so fixed as to show an uniform and unbroken light over an arc of the horizon of twenty points of the compass, so fixed as to throw the light ten points on each side of the ship, viz: From right ahead to two points abaft the beam on either side, and of such a character as to be visible on a dark night, with a clear atmosphere, at a distance of at least five miles.

(b) On the starboard side a green light, so constructed as to throw an uniform and unbroken light over an arc of the horizon of ten points of the compass, so fixed as to throw the light from right ahead to two points abaft the bean on the starboard side, and of such a character as to be visible on a dark night, with a clear atmosphere, at a distance of at least two miles.

(c) On the port side, a red light, so constructed as to show an uniform unbroken light over an arc of the horizon of ten points of the compass, so fixed as to throw the light from right ahead to two points abaft the bean on the port side, and of such a character as to be visible on a dark night, with a clear atmosphere, at a distance of at least two miles.

(d) The said green and red side lights shall be fitted with inboard screens, projecting at least three feet forward from the light, so as to prevent these lights from being seen across the bow.

Lights for steam tugs.

ART. 4. Steamships, when towing other ships, shall carry two bright white masthead lights vertically, in addition to their side lights, so as to distinguish them from other steamships. Each of these masthead lights shall be of the same construction and character as the masthead lights which other steamships are required to carry.

Lights for sailing ships.

ART. 5. Sailing ships under way, or being towed, shall carry the same lights as steamships under way, with the exception of the white masthead lights, which they shall never carry.

Exceptional lights for small sailing vessels.

ART. 6. Whenever, as in the case of small vessels during bad whether, the green and red lights cannot be fixed, these lights shall be kept on deck, on their respective sides of the vessels, be exhibited on their respective sides in sufficient time to prevent collision, in such manner as to make them most visible, and so that the green light shall not be seen on the port side, nor the red light on the starboard side.

To make the use of these portable lights more certain and easy, they shall each be painted outside with the color of the light they respectively contain, and shall be provided with suitable screens.

Lights for ships at anchor.

ART. 7. Ships, whether steamships or sailing ships, when at anchor in roadsteads or fairways, shall between sunset and sunrise, exhibit where it can best be seen, but at a height not exceeding twenty feet above the hull, a white light in a globular lantern of eight inches in diameter, and so constructed as to show a clear uniform and unbroken light visible all around the horizon, and at a distance of at least one mile.

Lights for pilot vessels.

ART 8. Sailing pilot vessels shall not carry the lights required for other sailing vessels, but shall carry a whimasthead, visible all around the horizon, and shall also exhibit a flare-up light every fifteen minutes.

