
Vessels overtaking other vessels.

ART. 17. Every vessel overtaking any other vessel shall keep out of way of the said last-mentioned vessel.

Construction of articles 12, 14, 15, and 17.

ART. 18. Where, by the above rules, one of two ships is to keep out of the way, the other shall keep her course, subject to the qualifications contained in the following articles:

Proviso to save special cases.

ART. 19. In obeying and construing these rules due regard must be had to all dangers of navigation, and due regard must also be had to any special circumstances which may exist in any particular case rendering the departure from the above rules necessary in order to avoid immediate danger.

No ship under any circumstances to neglect proper precautions.

ART. 20. Nothing in these rules shall exonerate any ship, or the owner or master or crew thereof, from the consequences of any neglect to carry lights or signals, or of any neglect to keep a proper lookout, or of the neglect of any precaution which may be required by the ordinary practice of seamen, or by the special circumstances of the case.

Approved April 29, 1864.

Should a collision unfortunately take place, each commanding officer is required to furnish the Department with the following information:

1. His own report, that of the pilot, the officer of the deck, and other officers who witnessed the occurrence. These reports and statements are to be exemplified by a diagram, and must contain the courses steered, the point at which the vessel was first seen, the bearing, the time when the engine was slowed, when the vessel was stopped, whether in motion, and if so, at what speed at the moment of collision, the direction of the wind, the condition of the weather and atmosphere, what lookouts were placed, what lights were exhibited by both vessels, whether either vessel deviated from the above rules and regulations, whether any blame can attach to any one, and if so, to whom, and any and all other facts bearing upon the subject.

2. Written statements and estimate of damage from officers of the vessel with which the vessel of the United States Navy collided, if theythe injury to both vessels by United States officers.

4. If the vessel is in charge of a pilot, and the collision has occurred from his acting in violation of the above rules and regulations, the fact must be established in the report, and no pilotage paid to him.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 13, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,

Concord, N. H.:

A company of artillery will be accepted from your State for not less than one year without regard to place of service. This authority is granted at request of Honorable Daniel Clark. Formal authority by mail.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

