
tube pouch, &amp; c.) may be kept at the entrance of the magazine, where they will be sheltered. Platforms for projectiles will be laid near the guns; for canisters, a couple of pieces of scantling for skids will answer. A watershed, made by joining two boards together at the edges, should be placed over them. When the wooden sabots become wet they swell and burst the canisters, so that they cannot be put into the gun. When this happens dry the sabot until it shrinks sufficiently for the canister edges to be brought together and tacked.

7. When not supplied by the Engineer Department materials for constructing the sheds and for skidding will be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department, on requisitions made to the Chief of Artillery.

8. The magazines must be frequently aired in dry weather. For this purpose the ventilators and doors must be opened after 9 a. m., and must be closed at latest two hours before sunset. The ammunition for different classes of guns will be carefully assorted, and the shelves, boxes, or barrels containing each kind plainly marked. When there is more than one magazine the ammunition will be so distributed as to be near to the particular guns for which it is provided. Cartridges must be moved, and, if necessary, rolled once a week to prevent caking of the powder. In doing this care must be taken not to pulverize the grains. Friction-primers must be kept in the tin packing boxes and carefully protected from moisture. They will be frequently examined and dried by exposure to the sun. This must always be done immediately after wet weather of long continuance. The supply of friction-primers for each gun must be 50 per cent. greater than the number of rounds of ammunition provided for it. A dozen primers will always be kept in the tube pouches in use at each gun. Three lanyards will be provided for each gun, one of which will be kept in store, the other two in the tube pouches. As soon as received the hooks will be tested to see if they are sufficiently small to enter the eye of the primer, and yet strong enough for use.

9. In order that practice may be had in the use of friction- primers, authority is given to expend on drill five per gun each month. These primers will always be taken from those longest at the post.

10. There should be one lantern for every three or four guns, and two good globe lanterns for each magazine.

11. No person will be allowed to enter the magazine except on duty, and then every precaution against accidents will be taken. Lights must always be in glass lanterns, and carried only by the person in charge of the magazine. Swords, pistols, canes, spurs, & c., will not be admitted, no matter what may be the rank of the person carrying them. Socks or moccasins will be worn, if they can be procured; if they cannot, then all persons must enter with stocking-feet. No fire or smoking will be allowed in the vicinity when the doors or ventilators are open. Too many precautions cannot possibly be taken to avoid the chances of an explosion.

A copy of this paragraph, legibly written, will be conspicuously posted near or on the door of every magazine.

12. Companies will be assigned to guns in such proportions as will furnish at least two, preferably three, reliefs in working them, and sufficient men in addition for supplying ammunition from the magazines. From fifteen to twenty men should therefore be assigned to each gun and instructed in its use. Companies should habitually serve the same guns, each man being assigned a special number at the gun, and thoroughly instructed in all its duties. As occasion

