
conditions confining their service to the limits of any State, and the act of Congress set forth therein, without its causing perplexing questions as to the liabilities of such men to be ordered into other service than that they anticipate when they enlist. These doubts and questions create discontent and complaints, while the enlistment of any number of men upon any terms and condition, while the enlistment of any number of men upon any terms and condition other than those applying to the whole body of the service makes great confusion and difficulty in recruiting troops.

Yours, truly &amp;c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 15, 1864.

Ordered, That in case the Governor of Ohio should deem it expedient to call out any military force for the purpose of repelling any invasion of said State or preserving the peace therein against disloyal persons who may incite or attempt to incite or raise insurrection against the Government, or preventing any resistance to the draft, or preserving the peace and protecting the persons and property of citizens of the State during the present war, the troops so called out shall be armed, transported, subsisted, and paid by the United States in the same manner as troops in the service of the United States during the time that it shall be necessary to keep said troops in the service for the purposes aforesaid, or either of them, and that on notice to this Department orders for that purpose will be issued to the proper staff officers of the Ordnance, Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments. The troops aforesaid are not to behe U. S. service and are to be subject to draft.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 15, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Men serving in three-years" organizations will be discharged to accept positions of commissioned officers in one-year commands.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 16, 1864.

Captain R. I. DODGE,

Eighth U. S. Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Harrisburg, Pa.:

CAPTAIN: I telegraphed you to-day that the Sixteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps has been ordered to report to you; four companies have left here for that purpose, the other six are at Elmira, N. Y. I have received your communication in reference to the difficulties with drafted men and deserters in Cambria and Columbia Counties, and hope you will so use this force as to secure a thorough administration

