
city, but I do not think it safe to rely exclusively on the State troops to preserve order. There should be at least 2,000 additional troops in the service of the United States on duty here, half to be stationed on the Battery, near Wall street, and half in the upper part of the city. I consider such a preparation demanded by every consideration of prudence, not only to enforce the draft but to protect the public property, which is very large both in quantity and value.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DENVER, August 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Give me authority to raise one company of colored soldiers for 100-days" regiment.

JNO. EVANS.

TRENTON, August 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Can authority be given me to raise two or more regiments for one- year's service, the volunteers to be deducted from our quota on the next draft?

JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 18, 1864.

Governor PARKER,

Trenton, N. J.:

The Provost-Marshal-General has been directed to forward you authority to raise two or more regiments of infantry for one- year's service, to be credited on the quota of your State if raised before the draft takes place. If the regiments are not completed by that time, the credit to be given for such as may have been enlisted, and they to be placed in New Jersey regiment in service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, August 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As the present receipt of heavy cannon by this department is insufficient for meeting the wants of the country, I desire to present for your consideration certain facts connected therewith, showing the propriety and importance of increasing the supply up to the maximum capacity of our iron foundries. As communicated to you in my letter of the 31st of December, 1863, the number of 8- inch, 10-inch, and 15-inch Rodman guns required for the proper armament of our fortifications on the coast and frontier is estimated, from the best date attainable, at 4,218. The capacity (Army share) of our foundries

