
CONCORD, August 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Give us the privilege of raising one more battalion of heavy artillery for the northern part of the State, if you possibly can.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 19, 1864.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,

Concord, N. H.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to raise a battalion of heavy artillery, to consist of four companies for garrison service. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as the recruit may elect. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in uniformity with the requirements of existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with Circular Numbers 27, current series, from the office of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, City, August 19, 1864.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN.

Honorable L. M. MORRILL.

Honorable THOMAS M. HOWE:

GENTLEMEN: With a view to stimulate the recruiting service and increase the efficiency and diligence of the officers of the Government engaged therein, and also to secure uniformity and promptness in the draft, this Department has deemed it expedient to appoint a commission of three persons of distinguished character and patriotism, having the confidence of the country, to visit the New England States and the States of New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware, to inspect the operations of the recruiting officers and boards of enrollment and provost- marshal in those States, and has appointed you to that position, urgently requesting you to assume the labor of performing that duty. In order to guide you, the following points are indicated.

First. You will please to visit the capital of each State and the principal recruiting divisions established by the provost-marshal therein, so far as you may deem expedient, and will see and converse with the assistant provost-marshal and the Board of Enrollment, and ascertain what may be the state of their respective operations. You will ascertain, first, whether their enrollment has been made and corrected, and the preliminary steps taken for the draft; second, whether they are diligent in receiving, examining, and mustering into the service volunteer recruits as they present themselves or are presented by local authorities or committees, or whether there is any delay, neglect, or fraud practiced by those officers, or that might,

