
tember, that it was, and that every step was being taken by me to have it done promptly on that day, he remarked that if such were the case we should have a fearful riot everywhere; that, however, he should not be here, as he had to go to the West anyhow; that he had gone through one riot and he never wished to see another. I remarked that perhaps instead of sending any more troops to the Valley of the Shenandoah they would be sent in large numbers to the State of New York. He then said, "Well, they will have the bloodiest fight they have every yet had." Thus you perceive, general, how brave and loyal our Governor is. I wrote you once before that he was a coward; all such followers who use them. Of this class the State of New York is full. I have long been satisfied in my own mind that the draft cannot be successfully executed anywhere in the State of New York without the presence at the headquarters of each provost-marshal of a large military force. If the draft be executed consecutively in the various districts of my division, a battery and 2,500 men will suffice; but if it shall occur simultaneously, pretty much the whole of this force will be requisite for Albany alone. It does seem to me that the government stands wonderfully in its own light in ordering the draft at this time-just in the midst of a political campaign, with the whole country wild with the excitement of stump speeches, rum, roman candles, and bonfires. Indeed, should this draft, which allows of no commutation, occur at any other time the presence of a military force will be necessary, certainly in all of the large cities, and at a time like the approaching one a very large force is the sine qua non; besides, will not the draft at present work great prejudice to the success of the Union cause in the canvass. Matters have materially changed since last year. The draft of 1863 succeeded the victories of Vicksburg and Gettysburg, and the people were buoyant and hopeful, and the draft served to discover who were loyal and who were copperheads. Now the questions need vastly more delicate handling or the peacemongers will succeed. In my own mind I am certain that if the draft be enforced before the election, a so-called Democratic President will occupy the White House the next four years.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth U. S. Infantry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 20, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that your letter of the 9th instant relative to filling up the colored regiments serving in your department has been received, and an official copy of the same referred to Colonel R. D. Mussey, commissioner for the organization of colored troops in Tennessee, with the following indorsement, viz:

Official copy respectfully referred to Colonel R. D. Mussey, One hundredth U. S. Colored Troops, commissioner for the organization of colored troops, Nashville, Tenn., who is desired to conform his action as nearly as possible to the views expressed by Major- General Thomas.

Colonel Mussey will please report any objection that may exist to the plan proposed herein.

