
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 20, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,

Concord, N. H.:

This is authority from Secretary of War to raise one battery of heavy artillery additional to the four authorized yesterday, and on same conditions as to recruitment, musters, and service.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy by mail for Captain Silvey.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 20, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that, subject to your approval, Edwin S. Jenney, esq., of Onondaga County, is hereby authorized to raise a regiment of volunteer infantry under the call of the 18th ultimo for 500,000 men.

* * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Lieutenant Colonel F. Townsend, U. S. Army, and Major A. S. Diven.)

YOUNGSTOWN, OHIO, August 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: For the first time in my varied and extensive official correspondence with you I ask a reduction of the military forces you demand from Ohio. It is an unpleasant task for me, and of necessity must be equally unpleasant to you. A sense of duty, arising from my former connection with the militia forces of Ohio, is my apology for troubling you.

I am aware that it was distinctly understood between yourself and Governors Brought, Morton, and Yates that the acceptance of the 100-days" troops tendered by them should in no way affect the draft then pending; but in view of the fact that Indiana and Illinois substantially failed to furnish the men promised from those States, and that Ohio furnished more than her quota, and mainly from the loyal districts, and exclusively from the loyal men of the State, and that the service itself was far more onerous than expected, either by the Government or the men themselves, I ask that the several districts, townships, and wards which actually furnished these men be credited with the service, and that the men themselves who may be drafted in the coming draft be credited for the time actually served by them. To show the justice of this request I have but to state that this township furnished 200 men for the 100-days" service, and the township adjoining did not furnish any. Our men went to the extreme front, where they yet are-the living and well ones. Now, is it not right

