
that we ask that our township be credited with the service of these men, and thus reduce our quota, say fifty, and the men themselves, if drafted, be credited with the time they have already served? In no other way can the burdens of this war be equally distributed.

The call for the 100-days" men of Ohio was extraordinary and unequal in its operations upon the people of the State, and unless remedied in the mode I propose, or some other equally just method, will produce a feeling highly prejudicial to your Department, and to the future militia service of the State.

Please give the subject your profound consideration and advise me of your actions herein.

Very truly, yours,

DAVID TOD.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 21, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The State of Illinois an excess of 35,875 three-years" men July 1, 1864.

The law of Congress requires, in adjusting accounts with States, that the time of service shall be computed. Our quota under the call of July is 52,057. If, therefore, we had no excess, 52,057 one-year's men would fill our quota. Now, therefore, I insist that this State is not liable to a draft under the present call, because adjustments should be made with States when the calls are made. Universal dissatisfaction exists at the threatened draft under these circumstances.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 66. Washington, August 22, 1864.

The Secretary of War forbids the recruiting of men in one State to be credited to another, except as provided by the act of July 4, 1864, for recruiting in States in rebellion.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 22, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise a new battery of light artillery. The term of service will be for either one, two, or three years, as recruits may elect. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service will be in conformity with the requirements of the existing regulations of the War Department. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy to superintendent recruiting service.)

