
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 22, 1864.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,

Concord, N. H.:

You are authorized to raise one new regiment of infantry. Full instructions by mail.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, August 22, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It was my purpose not to answer your communication of the 11th instant with regard to the quota of this State. While it caused regret and disappointment, I felt that your decision was final, and that further discussion might lead to irritation of the public mind upon a subject upon which it was already deeply excited.

Upon reflection, I feel that it would be inferred from silence on my part that I acquiesce in that decision, as you state in your letter that you submit the report of the Provost-Marshal-General, "which you trust will satisfy me that the objections which I have made against the quotas assigned to the State of New York are not well founded." Perhaps I should do injustice to the people of this State and to myself if Ii did not enter my protest against the decisions of your Department, based upon the reports of the Provost-Marshal-General and the Solicitor of the War Department. It is not unnatural that they should tenaciously defend their own decisions and actions in regard to questions which have excited so much interest and feeling. I regret that the tone of their reports should create perhaps an unjust suspicion that they have unconsciously become prejudiced against those who are injuriously affected by the quota of the State.

I do not propose to use further arguments or bring forward further facts to show that the enrollments do not comply with the acts of Congress, which provide that they shall be "in proportion to the number of men resident in the counties or subdivisions thereof liable to render military service." The report of the Provost-marshal-General itself proves that the enrollment is wildly erroneous. The following statement, taken from the tables in that report, show that they do not approximate the correct results:

In New Hampshire the average quotas are 2,167; Illinois, 4,004; Michigan, 3,047; Indiana, 3,248; New Jersey, 3,178; Massachusetts, 2,167. If we add the statements of the quotas of the cities of New York and Brooklyn, they are 3,855; the two Congressional districts in Massachusetts made up of Boston and adjacent cities, 2,550.

These discrepancies between different States, some of which adjoin each other, are so clearly the results of incorrect enrollments that it would be useless to bring forth proofs of that fact. They admit of no explanations. Indeed, the Provost- Marshal-General shows in the report which you sent me that the enrollments of 1863 and of 1864 impeach each other.

He states that the letter which I wrote to your "does not differ essentially from one on the same subject addressed by me in August last to His Excellency the President, which was answered by him on

