
based. I also regret the decision that the credit for three-years" men to which this State is entitled is not allowed to count against three times their number enlisted for one year. I do not speak of enlistments hereafter to be made. In relation to these each district can enlist for such time as may be deemed best. In making up the account of men sent to the Army by New York up to July, 1864, the number of those serving for terms less than three years was reduced so as to make them all equal to three-years" men. Upon the present call, therefore, it seems but just that the men who have heretofore enlisted for two years or a shorter period should count against the present demand. Otherwise this and other States which have credits in excess of their quotas suffer in comparison with the States which have failed to answer to the calls of Government.

I know that it is said that this will be equalized on future calls; but the public are appalled by the view put forth by the Solicitor of the War Department that these inequalities are to be made right by the repeated drafts which he contemplates in his decision, and that the war is to be prolonged for such a period of time. I feel it due to your Department and to myself to state frankly my objections to your decisions and my regret that you feel compelled to decline acceding to my suggestions.

And I do so the more freely, as it gave me pleasure to express on behalf of the people of the State of New York the great satisfaction with regard to your decision in relation to the quota of 1863, which relieved a number of its districts from erroneous and oppressive enrollments.

Truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, August 23, 1864.

Honorable HORACE GREELEY,

New York:

I will be very glad to see the friend whom you mentioned in your not of the 21st instant,* which is just received. Please give him a letter of introduction to me.

JNO. G. NICOLAY.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 24, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

The President directs the release of Joseph Howard, the author of the forged proclamation, a prisoner in Fort Lafayette.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

STATE OF IOWA,

Davenport, August 24, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Under the late call for 500,000 troops the quota assigned to Iowa is 15,784, and after deducting therefrom 11,719, being the amount

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

