
The absolute distances at which the projectiles can be used with effect vary with the description and caliber of the gun, and can be ascertained only by consulting the tables of ranges. The prominent points on the approaches to the works should be designated, their distances noted, and directions drawn up for the different kinds of ammunition to be used at each gun for these different points. During the drills the attention of the chief of pieces and gunners should be frequently drawn to this subject.

17. Commanding officers will pay special attention to the police and preservation of the works. All filth will be promptly removed and the drainage particularly attended to. No one should be allowed to walk on the parapets, or move or sit upon the gabions, barrels, or sand-bags that may be placed upon them. When injuries occur to the earth-works they should be repaired as quickly as possible by the garrison of the work. If of a serious nature, they should be at once reported to the engineer officer in charge of the work. All injuries to the magazines or platforms of the guns will be promptly reported as soon as observed. The abatis, being a most important portion of the work, must be always well looked to and kept in perfect order.

18. Special written or printed instructions as to the supply of ammunition at the different posts, and the proportion for the different classes of guns, will be furnished by the chief of artillery to the commanders of posts. Instructions will also be furnished as to the special objects of each work, on proper application for this purpose to the chief engineer or chief of artillery.

19. No persion not officially connected with the garrisons of the field-works will be allowed to enter them, except such as visit them on duty, or who have passes signed by competent authority; nor will any person except commissioned officers, or those whose duty requires them to do so, be allowed to enter the magazines, or touch the guns, their implements, or equipments.

20. The garrison can greatly improve the work by sodding the slopes of the parapet, and those of the ramps and banquettes, or by sowing grass seed on the superior slope, first covering it with surface soil. The grass-covered or sodded portions of the parapets, traverses, magazines, &amp; c., should be occasionally watered in dry weather and the grass be kept closely cut. Early in the spring and late in the autumn they should be covered with manure.

21. As a great deal of powder is wasted in unnecessary salutes, attention is called to paragraph 268 of Army Regulations, edition of 1861-1863:

268. A general officer will be saluted but once in a year at each post, and only when notice of his intention to visit the post has been given.

22. The practice of building fires on the open parades, for cooking and other purposes, is prohibited, as it endangers the magazines.

23. The armament of a fort having been once established, will not be changed except by authority of the commander of the district, geographical department, or army corps, and then only on consultation with the chiefs of engineers and artillery.

24. The machinery of the Whitworth, or other breech-loading guns, will not be used except by special orders from the commanding officer of the post.

25. Experience having conclusively shown that rifled guns, of large caliber especially must be subjected to most careful treatment and skillful management in order to secure their maximum efficiency,

