
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 68. Washington, August 26, 1864.

The following decision of the Second Comptroller of the Treasury is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

* * * The bounties provided by this last-mentioned act (approved July 4, 1864, for enrolling and calling out the national forces), though referred in terms to volunteers alone, who shall enlist under calls which the President is authorized to make, are yet made applicable to men enlisted in the regular forces by the fifth section act July 29, 1861, which enacts that hey shall be entitled to the same bounties, in every respect, as those allowed to volunteers.

The bounties thus authorized shall be paid in installment, as follows: On being duly accepted at depot, $100; on the expiration of eighteen months" service, $100; on the expiration of the full term, $100.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, August 26, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

DEAR SIR: Mr. Eyster goes to Washington to see you in relation to the draft of Chambersburg. The leading men there among our friends think that in consideration of the distress and poverty created by the rebels in the burning of the town the men liable to the draft should be exempted for the present. To my mind it seems clear that those people have suffered more than their share by this war, and that if your Department has the power it should be exercised for their benefit.

Mr. Eyster now lives in Chambersburg and with his brothers, who are among the most enterprising men there, he has been for some time largely engaged in business. He has some plan which to me seems reasonable, and which he will explain.

I am glad to tell you that volunteering was never more brisk in this State, and that I fell confident we will need very little coercion.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

MEMORANDUM.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 27, 1864.

Circular Numbers 66 applies also to the District of Columbia.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 27, 1864.

Colonel N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers:

(Through His Excellency John A. Andrew, Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.)

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you are hereby authorized to raise in the city of New Orleans, La., and vicinity one brigade (of four regiments) of infantry, to be composed of colored men, and to be mustered into the service of the United States for one, two, or three years, the recruitment and organization to be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the recruiting service.

