
Under our statutes counties and cities are authorized to give bounties, and for this purpose may levy taxes to any amount. Many counties have already levied taxes for that purpose; but as it takes time to collect the taxes, or even to borrow money, the means to pay the bounties is in many cases not yet provided.

As Missouri has always promptly filled her quotas with volunteers, and has in addition furnished a large militia force not yet credited to her, I trust you will not think it unreasonable in me to ask a postponement of the draft in this State for one month from and after the 5th proximo. We do not seek to avoid furnishing our quota; on the contrary, we are most anxious to furnish all the troops called for from the State. All we ask is a little more time.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri.

HARTFORD, CONN., August 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I trust you will not hesitate to issue the order respecting the reassignment of the quota of Connecticut on the 1st September, suggested by Morgan and Morrill. It will be right.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, STATE OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: As you have directed me to await your orders before beginning the draft, I infer it is not peremptorily fixed for September 5, and hope that, for this State at least, some delay may be allowed. After earnest exertion and investigation I consider the preparation inadequate to insure just action. The revision of the enrollment is not what it should be or what it would have been but for the perturbed and semi-rebellious condition in which the State has been kept for a long time past. The enemy, sometimes as invaders, but most frequently and continuously in the shape of guerrilla bands, has had sufficient control of some district to interfere with and impede and endanger our work. It was only two hours since that I was telegraphed from Evansville by Captain Grissom, provost-marshal, Second District, that Owensborough, his headquarters, had been taken by the enemy, a portion of his records destroyed, and he, with his officers and employes, driven out and now are at Evansville.

As to credits for recruits made, if I may believe statements made by delegations from counties and those sent to me in writing, the provost-marshal have not been strict in assigning their recruits to the counties from which they come.

The complaints are often exaggerated, but time for attempts at rectifying should be allowed, to allay or prevent dissatisfaction. It is also a fact that slaves from the counties bordering Tennessee-Christian, Logan, &amp;c.-have gone in large numbers into Tennessee, some of whom have enlisted without being credited, and State agents are seeking to adjust this, while many others have run away and will not enlist, and General Burbridge is taking means to get them or some of them.

