
I have not as yet received a single return from commissaries of musters or from recruiting agents not under my immediate control. Time should be allowed to bring that matter straight. But the great reason, above all others, for delay is that a new spirit is aroused in favor of volunteering, not only colored but white; local bounties are being subscribed, and I do not doubt that if time be allowed morel soldiers will be got for service in a given time by this means than through the process of the draft-say one month. So long as recruiting is active the draft may be advantageously delayed; when it slackens off the draft may then be begun and ended without material the rebel sympathizers, will take active interest in getting recruits and will interpose obstacles to the efforts of rebel recruiting and conscripting officers and agents who, I regret to say, are almost always present in the State. If the draft be now begun it will be an object of attack and opposition by the anti-Administration party now selecting a candidate at Chicago; if delayed, they will have no object of attack. For all these reasons I believe that in this State delay will result in the good of the service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York, City, August 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I wrote to you on the 18th of August in regard to the draft in this city, and the necessity of adequate military preparation against armed resistance to it. Recent developments satisfy me that a much large force than that named in my letter of that date will be needed to insure tranquillity. Brigadier-General Hays, in an official letter addressed last week to the commanding officer of the department, in reply to queries addressed to him, says:

First. I do expect violent resistance to the draft.

Second. In my opinion 10,000 good troops will be required for the prompt execution of the law in this division.

This opinion is concurred in by the superintendent of the police and by our most intelligent citizens.

With the information in my possession, as well as from indications which have occurred under my observation, I deem it hazardous to commence the draft without a force of from 8,000 to 10,000 men.

I am, respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, August 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a translation of a memorandum left by Mr. Geofroy, the charge d"affaires of France, setting forth

