
that a large number of citizens of the loyal States, who were previously at Brownsville, in Texas, have entered into the service of Cortina, at Matamoras, who has also received a supply of arms and munitions of war from this country. It is desirable that inquiry should be made into the truth of these allegations, and that the result should be made known to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

[Inclosure.-Translation.]

Recent advices brought from Mexico to the Government of the Emperor have apprised him that very grave events, the responsibility for which would fall upon the Government of the United States if it neglected to take them into serious consideration, would be again brought about at Matamoras. A great number of Federals, after having evacuated Brownsville, have, as it seems, passed the Rio Bravo and put themselves at the disposal of Mr. Cortina. This chief would also have received a considerable supply of arms and munitions dispatched from American territory.

If these advices are true, as it seems there is no ground to doubt, there must have been there a violation of neutrality which, of itself alone, would give sufficient ground for reclamation on the part of the Government of the Emperor. But the life of French subjects has ceased to be respected by the party dominant. At Matamoras two of them, as it seems, had been shot by order of Mr. Cortina. It will the more energetically against the support given in this circumstances to its adversaries.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 30, 1864.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

Keep volunteering up as much as possible after the 5th of September, and let it be known that volunteers will be counted on the quotas of the present call up to the last practicable moment before the drafted men are accepted and sent to rendezvous.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Operator will send similar dispatch to the following acting assistant provost-marshals-general: Captain William Silvey, Concord, N. H.; Brigadier General T. G. Pitcher, Brattleborough, Vt.; Major Francis N. Clarke, Boston, Mass.; Captain Wesley Owens, Providence, R. I.; Colonel F. D. Sewall, Hartford, Conn.; Brigadier General William Hays, New York City; Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Townsend, Albany, N. Y.; Major A. S. Diven, Elmira, N. Y.; Colonel R. C. Buchanan, Trenton, N. J.; Major C. C. Gilbert, Philadelphia, Pa.; Captain Richard, I. Dodge, Harrisburg, Pa.; Colonel W. H. Browne, Baltimore, Md.; Colonel John Ely, Wheeling, W. Va.; Major W. H. Sidell, Louisville, Ky.; Colonel E. B. Alexander, Saint Louis, Mo.; Colonel J. H. Potter, Columbus, Ohio; Colonel James G. Jones, Indianapolis, Ind.; Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Springfield, Ill.; Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Hill, Detroit, Mich.; Major Thomas Duncan, Davenport, Iowa, Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Lovell, Madison, Wis.; Lieutenant Colonel John T. Averill, Saint Paul, Minn.; Captain Sidney Clarke, Leavenworth, Kans.)

