
It is doubtful whether we will be ready for the draft on the 5th of september, and in my opinion it cannot be enforced unless there is military force to protect officers in delivering notices to men drafted. Headquarters will require at least one company for its protection, and as the district is large, embracing eight or ten counties to be drafted, more companies than one will be necessary. In the absence of a sufficient force to secure success, I would suggest that the draft be suspended in the district until this can be accomplished. There are in eight or ten of the most important counties of the district small squads of guerrillas, around whom all drafted men whose sympathies and prejudices are with the rebellion will cluster rather than violate their feelings, if drafted and a substitute cannot conveniently be obtained.

These bands are conscious of the state of affairs, and will realize a decided advantage from it.

I would suggest, further, that if the force sent is not sufficient to secure the desired end, it be used for the protection of recruiting officers and of recruits, which protection is only necessary obtain them (recruits).

In view of the draft and the insecurity of negro property, people are becoming changed in their opinions and expressions about negro enlistments, and manifest a desire to give up their slaves to release their counties from the draft.

I have been entreated to send a force to several counties to recruit for this purpose, as it can be done only be protecting the officers engaged in recruiting.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient ser and Provost-Marshal, Second District of Kentucky.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General FOR KENTUCKY,Louisville, September 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General for his information, stating in addition that other districts of the State are essentially in similar condition, and that Captain Grissom's remarks may be applied also to them.

The commanding general of the District of Kentucky is compelled to make his military operations general, and is seeking to conquer resistance and restore order in the whole State, so that, though every application for protective force is referred to him, he cannot always furnish it for specified points and awaits a general tranquilization for the safety of these points.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infty. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

COLUMBUS, August 31, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Can I organize one of our new regiments of one-year's men at Gallipolis? It is nearly full and ready to go into camp. When organized I suppose you will want it sent into the Kanawha Valley, and if so, a large amount of transportation will be saved.

JOHN BROUGH.

