
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 31, 1864.

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus:

You may organize a regiment at Gallipolis, as requested in your telegram of this date.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 31, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

By a misapprehension on my part we have got a little tangled. I asked at Washington an order to credit the product of the last draft on the quota of the State under the present call. This you gave and it is all right. On my return home I asked through Colonel Potter an order to credit sub-districts with the proportions of this product on the present call, which you also gave. This was erroneous, as I afterward discovered that those credits to sub-districts have already been made to their deficits, which was correct. I now ask that the order crediting to sub-districts be revoked, while the credit to the State remains as first ordered. Colonel Potter and myself are in accord on this subject, and will arrange the sub-district credits justly to all them if permitted to do so.

J. BROUGH.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 31, 1864.

His Excellency Governor JOHN BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

When you were in Washington the only arrangement I understood to be made in reference to crediting the product of the late draft was that all men held to service should be credited. I meant and under-stood, as a matter of course, that each district and sub- district should have its own credit for the men held to service in it by the draft. I do not see how any other arrangement could be just or practicable. In my telegram of August 23 to Colonel Potter I said, "Distribute the excess of credits due Ohio according to the wishes of the Governor."

By the excess I meant the re-enlisted veterans not reported and credited before the draft and any volunteer credits allowed which had not been assigned.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy to Colonel J. H. Potter, Columbus, Ohio.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 1, 1864.

The following revised regulations for the government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States having been approved by the President of the United States, he commands that they be published for the government of all concerned, and that they be strictly observed.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

