
Revised Regulations for the government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States.

OFFICERS DETAILED AS ACTING ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHALS-GENERAL FOR STATES OR DIVISIONS.

1. The officer detailed in each State or division to aid the War Department in securing uniformity in the execution of the enrollment act shall keep himself well informed as to the condition of the department throughout the State or division. He shall, under the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, exercise supervision over the provost-marshals and their subordinates for the Congressional districts of that State or division, and shall see, by personal inspection or by his inspectors, that boards of enrollment and persons acting under the men attend faithfully and diligently to their duties.

2. He shall communicate to them the orders and instructions of the Provost-Marshal-General, and see that they are promptly and efficiently executed,and shall from time to time give or transmit such instructions in accordance with these regulations, as hereinafter prescribed, as may be required to facilitate and enforce obedience to them.

3. He shall forward to the Provost-Marshal-General, with his remarks, all communications transmitted through his office;and in all matters requiring the decision of the Provost-Marshal-General shall carefully scrutinize the case and indorse thereon his opinion and recommendation.

4. He will communicate with the civil officers of the State, and, with their sanction, will make such extracts from their records as may facilitate the business of provost-marshals and boards of enrollment, and shall obtain from boards of enrollment copies of such reports and rolls as may be properly required for the records of the State authorities.

5. He shall see that all possible means are taken by the provost-marshals under his control to arrest deserters, and will promptly report any provost-marshal,commissioner, or surgeon who gives evidence of want of zeal or ability to execute the duties of his office.

6. He shall make full and frequent reports to the Provost- Marshal- General on the condition and wants of the service in the State or division, and shall apply to him for instructions regarding all doubtful points in the discharge of his duty.

OFFICERS MAKING TOURS OF INSPECTION.

7. All officers making tours of inspection in this Bureau shall habitually examine the books and accounts of provost-marshals, and shall give them such instructions as may be needed, to insure prompt and correct rendition of accounts and proper reports and returns, as required by regulations.

PROVOST-MARSHALS" DISTRICTS.

8. The following is from section 4 of the act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, &amp;c., approved March 3, 1863:

That for greater convenience in enrolling,calling out, and organizing the national forces, and for the arrest or deserters and spies of the enemy, the United States shall be divided into districts, of which the District of Columbia shall

