
janitor, subject to the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General, and at the rates of compensation as follows, viz: One at $100 per month, two at $75 per month,and one janitor at $40 per month. One of these clerks shall, in addition to his other duties, act as recorder of the Board of Enrollment. They may be appointed deputy provost-marshals for local purposes, but shall not be entitled to additional compensation therefor. If more clerks become necessary,they may be employed from time to time paid at the rate of $2.50 per diem for the time actually employed. Provost- marshals, in reporting the appointments of their regular clerks,will send to the Provost-Marshal-General a specimen of the handwriting of each one appointed. (See paragraph 139.)

DUTIES OF PROVOST-MARSHALS.

19. Immediately upon entering upon his duties each provost- marshal shall report by letter to the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States and the acting assistant provost-marshal- general for his State.

20. He shall place himself in communication with the principal executive officers of the civil service within his district, and all officers commanding organized military forces therein, and he shall acquaint himself with the regular stations occupied by the troops.

21. He shall see to securing and rendering the vouchers and accounts incident to all services pertaining to his office.

22. Section 7, act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, approved March 3, 1863,is as follows:

And be if further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the provost-marshals to arrest all deserties, whether regulars, volunteers, militiamen, or persons called into the service under this or any other act of Congress, wherever they may be found,and to send them to the nearest military commander or military post; to detect, seize, and confine spies of the enemy,who shall, without unreasonable delay, be delivered to the custody of the general commanding the department in which they may be arrested, to be tried as soon as the exigencies of the service permit; to obey all lawful orders and regulations of the Provost-Marshal- General, and such as may be prescribed by law, concerning the enrollment and calling into service of the national forces.

23. When transportation is required by the provost-marshal for deserters after their arrest, or for the military guards in charge of them, he shall make requisition for it on the U. S.quartermaster, if there be one accessible; if not, he shall procure transportation and take vouches as hereinafter provided.

24. It shall be the duty of the provost-marshal in each district to call together whenever required the Board of Enrollment; to preside at its sessions, announce such of its decisions or directions as it may be necessary to make public,enforce its orders,see that a fair record is made of its proceedings in a book kept for that purpose by the recorder, and to transmit to the Provost-Marshal-General the enrollment lists, as consolidated by the Board, and such other communications as the Board may deem it necessary to lay before the Provost-Marshal-General.

25. The provost-marshal shall himself, or through his agents, carry out that part of section 12 of the enrollment act which requires that the persons drawn in the draft 'shall be notified of the same within ten days thereafter by a written or printed notice, to be served personally or by leaving a copy at the last place of residence, requiring them to appear at a designated rendezvous to report for duty." And

