
(5) Organic disease of internal organs, which have so seriously impaired his general health as to leave no doubt of his incapacity for military service, and which prevent his pursuing any equally laborious occupation in civil life.

(6) Developed tuberculosis.

(7) Cancer; aneurism of the large arteries.

(8) Inveterate and extensive disease of the skin,such as will necessarily impair his efficiency as a soldier.

(9) Permanent physical disability of such degree as to leave no doubt of the man's unfitness for military service.

(10) Scrofula, or secondary syphilis, which has so seriously impaired his general health as to leave no doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

(11) Chronic rheumatism, unless manifested by positive change of structure, wasting of the affected limb, or puffiness or distortion of the joints, domes not exempt. Impaired motion of joints and contraction of the limbs alleged to arise from rheumatism,an in which the nutrition of the limb is not manifestly impaired, are to be proved by examination while in a state of anaesthesia induced by ether only.

(12) Total loss of sight of right eye; cataract of right eye; loss of crystalline lens of right eye.

(13) Partial loss of sight of both eyes, vision being so greatly impaired as to leave no doubt of the man's inability to perform military duty. Serious permanent diseases of the eye or eyelids, so manifestly affecting the use of the eyes as to leave no doubt of the man's inacapcity for military service. Nearsightedness does not exempt.

(14) Total loss of nose; deformity of nose so great as seriously to obstruct respiration; ozena, dependent on caries in progress.

(15) Decided deafness. This disability must not be admitted on the mere statement of the drafted man, but must be proved by the existence of positive disease,or by other satisfactory evidence; and it must be so decided as to leave no doubt of the man's unfitness for military service. Chronic purulent otorrhoea.

(seases or deformities of either jaw,such as will necessarily greatly impede mastication or speech. Anchylosis of the lower jaw; caries of the bones of the face, if in progress; cleft palate (bony); extensive loss of substance of the cheeks,or salivary fistula.

(17) Dumbness; permanent loss of voice; not be admitted without clear and satisfactory proof.

(18) Total loss of tongue; hypertrophy, atrophy, mutilation, or obstinate chronic ulceration of the tongue, if sufficient in degree to interfere seriously with the use of the organ.

(19) Stammering,if excessive and confirmed; to be established by satisfactory evidence under oath.

(20) Total loss of all the front teeth,the eyeteeth, and first molars, even if only of one jaw.

(21) Tumors or wounds of the neck, impeding respiration or deglutition; fistula of larynx or trachea; torticollis, if of long standing and well marked.

(22) Excessive deformity of the chest, or excessive curvature of the spine, sufficient to prevent the carrying of arms and military equipments; caries of the spine, ribs, or sternum, attended with ulceration.

(23) Hernia.

(24) Artificial anus; stricture of the rectum; prolapsus ani. Fistula in ano, if extensive or complicated with visceral disease.

