
88. No certificate of a physician or surgeon is to be received in support of any point in the claim of drafted men for exemption from military service, unless the facts and statements therein set forth are affirmed or sworn to before a person authorized by law to administer oaths.

89. Persons claiming exemption from enrollment must furnish clear proof of their right to such exemption. They will be enrolled where the proof of their exemption is not clear and conclusive.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PHYSICAL EXAMINATION OF DRAFTED MEN AND SUBSTITUTES AND GENERAL REGULATIONS CONCERNING.

90. The duty of inspecting men, and of determining whether they are fit or unfit for the military service of the country, requires the utmost impartiality, skill, and circumspection on the part of the examining surgeon and Board of Enrollment; for upon the manner in which this duty is performed will depend,in a very great degree, the efficiency of the Army.

91. It is impossible to give minute instructions in reference to the phys of recruits or substitutes. In his inspection of recruits the surgeon should bear in mind that it is the object of the Government to secure the services of men who are effective, ablebodied, and free from disqualifying diseases. Substitutes must possess the same qualifications as recruits.

92. The examining surgeons will also remember that the object of the dlaiming exemption, may be to escape from service by pretended, simulated, or factitious diseases, or by exaggerating or aggravating those that really exist, and that the design of substitutes frequently is to conceal disqualifying infirmities.

93. The examination by the examining surgeon is to be conducted in the daytime, in the presence of the Board of Enrollment only, and in a room well lighted and sufficiently large for the drafted man to walk about and exercise his limbs, which he must be required to do briskly.

94. The man is to be examined stripped.

95. The surgeon will habitually conduct his examination of a drafted or enrolled man in the following order, to ascertain-

(1) Whether his limbs are well formed and sufficiently muscular; whether they are ulcerated or extensively cicatrized; whether he has free motion of all his joints, and whether there are any varicose veins, tumors, wounds, fractures, dislocations, or sprains that would prevent marching, or otherwise manifestly incapacitate him for military service.

(2) Whether the thumbs and fingers are sufficient in number, are well formed, and their motion sufficiently unimpaired as to meet the requirements of section 33, paragraph 85.

(3) Whether the feet are free from permanent defects and deformities such as will prevent marching.

(4) Whether he has any inveterate and extensive disease of the skin.

(5) Whether he is sufficiently intelligent; is not subject to convulsions, and whether he has received any contusion or wound of the head that impairs his faculties.

(6) Whether his hearing, vision, and speech are sufficiently good, and whether the eye and its appendages are free from disqualifying diseases.

