
133. All drafted persons reporting at the place of rendezvous shall be allowed transportation from their places of residence, and persons discharged at the placed of rendezvous shall be allowed transportation to their places of residence. (Section 7 of the act approved July 4, 1864.)

135. To the notification of draft for all drafted persons will be attached a requisition for transportation (over the shortest usually traveled route) from their place of residence to the place of rendezvous, and all discharged drafted persons, except those furnishing substitutes, will be furnished by provost- marshals with transportation from the rendezvous to their place of residence.

135. Provost-marshals are authorized to administer oaths and affirmations relating to the duties of their office. (See section 15, amendatory act, approved February 24, 1864.) The oath will be subject to the stamp stated in paragraph 139, Regulations.

136. When a provost-marshal is relieved from duty, he will turn over to his successor all the public property in his possession; he will make out invoices, in duplicate, for the articles, in the order as stated in Form 8, and take like receipts for the same; he will then close his property return and forward it at once to the Provost-Marshal-General. Failure to comply with the requirements herein stated, will cause a suspension of the officer's pay accounts.

EMPLOYES.

137. All appointments of employes, under district provost- marshals, must be submitted by letter for approval, through the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State or division, to the Provost-Marshal-General. Letters of appointment must state the necessity for the employment, and for what purpose, the number required, the names of the persons proposed, the date of commencement of service, and a recommendation as to the amount of compensation proper to be allowed in each case, and must refer to no other subject.

138. Two deputy provost-marshals, for each district composed of more than one county, may be appointed, if thought necessary by the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State, subject to the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General. The pay of a deputy provost-marshal shall not be more than $100 per month. Special agents may be paid at the rate of from $65 to $100 per month - depending on their usefulness. Employes are not entitled to receive any additional compensation whatever for their services beyond the amount approved by the Provost-Marshal- General at the time of their appointment. No employe shall be retained in service longer than his services are absolutely required,nor for any other purpose than the one for which he was employed. Provost-marshals are especially directed to secure faithful execution of this rule. When discharged, the fact must be promptly entered, on Form 7, under this heading - giving the date of discharge.

139. After having received the approval of the Provost-Marshal- General of the appointment of employes, the provost-marshal will forward immediately to the Provost-Marshal-General the oath of allegiance to the United States, which he may administer to the person so employed. The oath is subject to a stamp duty of 5 cents. The stamp must be furnished, affixed, and canceled by the subscriber with his initials and the date. The names of all employes must be entered by the provost-marshal on his monthly of persons employed (Form 7). No

