
1029. If any article of public property be embezzled, or by neglect lost or damaged, by any person hired in the public service, the value or damage, as ascertained, if necessary, by a board of survey, shall be charged to him and against any pay or money due him.

1030. Public property lost or destroyed in the military service must be accounted for by affidavit, or the certificate of a commissioned officer, or other satisfactory evidence.

1031. Affidavits or depositions may be taken before any officer in the list, as follows, when recourse cannot be had to any before named on said list, which fact shall be certified by the officer offering the evidence: First, a civil magistrate competent to administer oaths; second, a judge-advocate; third, the recorder of a garrison or regimental court-martial, fourth, the adjutant of a regiment; fifth, a commissioned officer.

1033. No officer making returns of property shall drop from his return any public property as worn out or unserviceable until it has been condemned, after proper inspection,and ordered to be so dropped.

1034. An officer issuing stores shall deliver or transmit to the receiving officer an exact list of them in duplicate invoices, and the receiving officer shall return him duplicate receipts.

1053. It is the duty of every commanding officer to enforce a rigid economy in the public expenses.

1258. No charge for printing blank forms will be allowed. When practicable to provide them, these forms will be furnished officers by the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau. When officers are not thus furnished they must rule out forms for use from the public stationery to correspond with those prescribed. The want of printed blanks will furnish no excuse to an officer for delay or failure in the rendition of his returns and accounts.

1304. When it is necessary to employ a private physician as medical officer, the commanding officer may do it by written contract, conditioned as in Form 18 (Medical Regulations, U. S. Army), at a stated compensation, not to exceed $50 a month when the number of officers and men, with authorized servants and laundresses, is 100 or more; $40 when it is from 50 to 100; and $30 when it is under 50.

1305. But when he is required to abandon his own business, and give his whole time to the public service, the contract may be not to exceed $80 a month, and not to exceed $100, besides transportation in kind, to be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department, where he is required to accompany troops on marches or transports. But a private physician will not be employed to accompany troops on marches or transports, except by orders from the War Department, or in particular and urgent cases by the order of the officer directing the movement, when a particular statement of the circumstances which make it necessary will be appended to the contract.

1306. And when a private physician is required to furnish medicines, he will be allowed, besides the stipulated pay, from 25 to 50 per cent. on it, to be determined by the Surgeon- General.

1307. In all cases a duplicate of the contract will be transmitted forthwith by the commanding officer to the Surgeon- General, and the commanding officer for the time being will at once discontinue it, whenever the necessity for it ceases, or the Surgeon-General may so direct.

1308. The physician's account of pay due must be sent to the Surgeon-General for payment, vouched by the certificate of the commanding officer that it is correct and agreeable to contract, and that

