
the services have been duly rendered. But when it cannot conveniently be submitted to the Surgeon-General from the frontier or the field, it may be paid on the order of the commanding officer, not to exceed the regulated amount, by a medical disbursing officer, or a quartermaster.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, D. C., September 1, 1864.

It is represented to me that there are at Rock Island, Ill., as rebel prisoners of war,many persons of Northern and foreign birth, who are unwilling to be exchanged and sent South,but who wish to take the oath of allegiance and enter the military service of the Union.

Colonel Huidekoper,on behalf of the people of some parts of Pennsylvania, wishes to pay the bounties the Government would have to pay to proper persons of this class, have them enter the service of the United States,and be credited to the localities furnishing the bounty money. He will therefore proceed to Rock Island, ascertain the names of such persons (not including any who have attractions southward),and telegraph them to the Provost-Marshal- General here, whereupon direction will be given to discharge the persons named upon their taking the oath of allegiance; and them, upon the official evidence being furnished that they shall have been duly received and mustered into the service of the United States, their number will be credited as may be directed by Colonel Huidekoper.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Indorsement.]

The bearer will present the list of names contemplated within. The Provost-Marshal-General will please take the proper steps to have them examined, mustered in, and discharged from prison, so as to be properly credited, all according to the within.

A. LINCOLN.

CHICAGO, September 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General FRY, &amp;c.:

DEAR GENERAL AND FRIEND: After traveling from Massachusetts to Iowa and back here, and learning public statement, I find a report emanating from Washington that efforts are to be made to postpone the draft. I beg you to cast your entire influence against such postponement. I urge the Secretary of War to allow this question of draft to be no more played with. Let the names be drawn, the liability established, and then if recruits come in fast enough by furloughing the drafted men or other lawful postponement of service, give the delay which may be thought necessary or expedient to fill up by local volunteering or substitutes. I believe the law gives you the latitude.

The convention here refused to pronounce against the draft. The people are prepared for it. The young Irishmen have already fled. The machinery will never be in better working order.

If these views may have some weight with the Secretary as an expression of Western opinion, I pray they may be communicated to him. The country now wants rigid, straightforward, prudent, but decisive leadership.

Believe me, general, faithfully, your friend,

JOHN A. KASSON.

