
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 1, 1864.

His Excellency Governor JOEL PARKER,

Trenton, N. J.:

The Government cannot mount all the cavalry now in service, and the General-in-Chief and Chief of Staff of the Army report that no more new cavalry is required. Your proposition to raise a regiment of cavalry is therefore not approved.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, September 1, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The 100-days" men are nearly all at home and being mustered out of service. In their behalf and that of the people of the State I respectfully request the War Department to state, so far as compatible with the public interest, the value and importance of the service rendered by the 100-days" men to the cause of the country,and the influence and effect of that service upon the summer campaign of our armies.

JNO. BROUGH,

Governor of Ohio.

HARRISBURG, PA., September 1, 1864.

General J. B. FRY:

I am asked every day if it is the policy of the Government to give furloughs to ministers of the gospel who are drafted, or if it can be done. Will you please to inform me?

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

ACT. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Madison, Wis., September 1, 1864.

General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Recruiting has become very lively in this State during the last two weeks,and, while I would not recommend a postponement of the draft publicly, I would suggest that the order to commence the drafting be withheld for about thirty [days], by which time I think the quota will be nearly or quite filled except in some few localities. In these localities it is very evident that secret organizations are forming with the determination of resisting the draft. I inclose some communication on this subject sent to me this morning by the Governor. Few men will be obtained by the draft, and it will be difficult to get men to serve notices in some localities unless they are protected by a military force. A company of good troops - say two officers an about sixty enlisted men - will be necessary at the headquarters of each provost-marshal to execute the draft effectively and get the drafted men in.

