
I believe that a force of that size could be raised from the discharged three-years" volunteers at each provost-marshal's headquarters, in a very few days, if they could be mustered in simply for that emergency, with the understanding that they were to be discharged as soon as the emergency ceases.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant Colonel, 18th Infty., A. A. P. M. G. for Wisconsin.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Madison, August 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. S. LOVELL,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

SIR: I am directed by the Governor to hand you the inclosed copies of letters received at this office, mostly from responsible parties residing in this State, in regard to the enforcement of the draft, and also in regard to persons seeking to avoid the same by escaping to Canada and elewhere. The Governor trusts that the subject will receive due consideration at your hands, and that such steps will be taken as to prevent all forcible opposition to the law as well as attempts to avoid the same.

Respectfully,

FRANK H. FIRMIN,

Private and Military Secretary.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.] MILWAUKEE, WIS., August 8, 1864.

Governor LEWIS:

DEAR SIR: From all that I can learn, and I have taken a good deal of pains to inform myself, I am fully satisfied that unless there is a sufficient military force in our city at the time the draft is made it will not be made, and that it is the determination to resist it, with force if necessary.

Now, I am not one of those that is easily alarmed, because I always make it a point to defend myself; still, I also make it a point to take no unnecessary risk, but to be prepared. The best and cheapest way to avoid riots is to be prepared for them. I therefore consider it my duty without delay to make the necessary provisions to enforce the draft, if it must take place, and this can only be done by a military force on the spot.

Very respectfully,

---- ---.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.] ASHIPPUN, DODGE COUNTY, WIS., August 18, 1864.

Governor LEWIS:

SIR: Is there no way of checking this mania for visiting? Nearly every person, of all ages from twenty to forty-five, are about leaving our town for parts unknown.

Before the 5th of September out town will be nearly destitute of the male population of a certain age. Is there no remedy?

Yours, in haste,

ASHIPPUN.

