
[Sub-inclosure No. 3.] MILWAUKEE, August 26, 1864.

His Excellency JAMES T. LEWIS:

DEAR SIR: Are there no means for arresting the stampede from our State of the miserable, cowardly, copperhead scoundrels that are leaving by the thousands to avoid the draft? If they were never to return I for one would give them a "godspeed," knowing full well they wre leaving for their country's good; but, so far from that, every man of them will be back and ready to vote on election day. If the Government does not look to this matter, or, what would be much better, prevent their return, it must [be] derelict in a most important duty.

Thousands of those shameless vagabonds are passing through our State from Minnesota, the number being swelled by at least as many more on their way through.

May I hope that Your Excellency will draw the attention of the General Government to the above fact?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. WOLCOTT.

[Sub-inclosure No. 4.] MILWAUKEE, WIS., August 26, 1864.

Governor LEWIS:

DEAR SIR: Our State and the State of Minnesota are being depopulated of men liable to the draft. This morning about 100 came in on the La Crosse Railroad en route for Canada. On inquiry of the La [Crosse] Railroad Company, I find that every train has a large number of these men on it. The draft will therefore be a failure; but the worst of all is that these men will all be back in time to vote.

Now, something should be done, even at this late day, to put an end to this state of things.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD N. BRODHEAD.

[Sub-inclosure No. 5.] PLATTEVILLE, August 29, 1864.

His Excellency Governor JAMES T. LEWIS:

DEAR SIR: I have information, which I consider reliable, that an organization exists in Galena, connected with Benton. New Diggings, and Elk Grove, in this State, which organization is prepared with arms and ammunition, and they are ready and declare they will resist the draft, it there is any. They meet twice a week to drill in Benton or New Diggings.

I felt that with such information it was my duty to inform Your Excellency. We feel confident that whatever steps are necessary you will promptly attend to. Any services that I can render you shall be freely given.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES KELLY,

Postamster, Platteville, Wis.

P. S.- My informant states that they number between 300 and 500.

J. K.

