
STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Annapolis, September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

DEAR SIR: I inclose a letter from Isaac Nesbitt, esq., one of the most prominent and loyal citizens of Washington County, in this State, to which I invite your attention. The reasons given by him for an allowance of further time to the people of that county to raise their quota of the volunteers required by the last call of the President are such, I hope, as you will readily recognize. You will see in the peculiar situation of the people of that region - their continual exposure for the last three months to rebel invasions, as well as in their recent and previous losses on such accounts - a good raison for the extension of the time they request.

Indeed, the same reasons exist in a greater or less degree in the counties of Alleghany, Frederick, and Montgomery,all situated upon the Potomac border, and all absorbed to such a degree by the continual apprehension of the invader, that they have not enjoyed a reasonable opportunity to raise their respective quotas.

I am satisfied that not only in the counties above mentioned, but in all or most of the others of our State, the efforts now being made to raise the quotas required of them are so earnest that a reasonable extension of the time appointed for the draft will enable the most of them to succeed.

I therefore would earnestly recommend that such extension may be authorized, and if it cannot be allowed generally throughout the State, that it may be at least in the counties above named and for the reasons stated.

Yours, very respectfully,

A. W. BRADFORD.

[Inclosure.]

HAGERSTOWN, August 23, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BRADFORD:

MY DEAR SIR: I take the liberty of addressing you on behalf of the people of this county,and especially of the people of this district, in regard to the approaching draft.

On account of the troubles here since the early part of July our people have not had the opportunity of giving attention to this, their very highest concern. The people of the respective districts of this county have not yet had made known to them the quotas required from each, and in this respect are without the proper data to operate upon.

Whilst other parts of the State and of the county, being comparatively in profound state of peace and security, have had all their assignments duly ascertained and have had full opportunity of filling their quotas, and consequently all the advantages of being early in the field for substitutes and volunteers, we are yet struggling with our last draft and altogether unprepared for the next.

Unless we can procure substitute to some extent the draft upon this county will be very severe. A great many of our men are in the Union Army and not a few in that of the rebel; a great many, too, have left the county, and are still leaving; and those who remain, bound principally to the county by family and property, are to bear the whole burden of the draft, and, besides, sustain the common

