
industry of the county, which is important to us all, in the serious troubles we now have here.

In order to give this people an equally fair chance with other communities, it is but just to them they have an extension of time to fill their quota, or at least in which to make the effort.

We have suffered greatly in every way in the loss of property, and men by emigration, and in the paralyzation of all branches of industrial pursuits; and to take this remaining portion of our ablebodied men without the opportunity like that afforded to other communities to supply their places in some way, would indeed be very hard upon us. I hopet you will aid us all you can in this matter.

Very hastily, your obedient servant,

ISAAC NESBITT.

NEW YORK, September 2, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

The following communication has just been received.

NEW YORK, September 2, 1864.

Major-General PECK:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Sandford to inform you that he has reliable information which satisfies him that should the order for the draft be not immediately countermanded every provost-marshal's office in New York will be sacked and burned by Monday morning, and that you will require at least 10,000 men to enforce the draft.

ALEX. HAMILTON,

Colonel, Division Inspector.

In my opinion the information is reliable.

JOHN PECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 2, 1864.

General PECK,

New York:

I am not surprised that General Sandford should tell you what is reported in your telegram. But if the military officers do their duty, it is not likely there will be occasion for alarm. If those in command have not nerve, the Government will try to find some who have. You will please report to me where General Dix is. Burnig the provost-marshal's offices in New York cannot stop the draft, if there should be occasion for any, because we have copies of the enrollment.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 2, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

A stampede story of General Sandford, which some one told him for political purposes to stop the draft, has been reported to the Department by General Peck, with his indorsement. In view of his evident alarm at Sandford's story, you are directed to remain in New York

