
in the exercise of you command, and to take such steps as may be in your power to preserve the peace. All the credits justly due to New York will be given when they are reported; but as yet they have not been reported. If after giving the credits there should be anything due on the draft, it will be made. Burning all the provost-marshal's offices can only delay it a few days, as we have copies of the enrollment.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York, September 2, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Last week General Hays, provost-marshal-general, addressed a communication to these headquarters stating that he expected violent resistance to the draft, and that 10,000 good troops would be required for the prompt execution of the law in this division. He has this day reiterated these views in strong terms. August 29 General Dix addressed the Department respecting the letter of General Hays, and said:

With the information in my possession, as well as from indication which have occurred under my observation, I deem it hazardous to commence the draft without a force of from 8,000 to 10,000 men.

The information of General Sandford only corroborates the views of Generals Dix and Hays, who have been here a long while. Sandford does not think his troops can be relied upon to the extent that we have believed. There is no alarm here. General Dix is at Quogue, and has been telegraphed.

JOHN PECK,

Major-General.

PITTSBURG, September 2, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Under the order of the Provost-Marshal-General permitting subdistricts to fill their quotas by volunteers until drafted men are required to report, can recruiting committees hold mustering officers" certificates,and after the draft substitute such volunteers for drafted men who subscribe to the bounty fund, leaving those who refuse to take care of themselves in case of being drafted? An affirmative answer will greatly assist volunteering.

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 2, 1864.

General ROWLEY,

Pittsburg:

Your question in answered inthe negative. No such arrangement can be made, and it is not in the line of your duty to favor them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

