
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 2, 1864.

His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

In answer to your dispatch regarding ministers of the gospel who may be drafted, I state that if they are not able to furnish substitutes and are held to personal service, the War Department will at any time entertain the question of detailing them for such charitable and benevolent duties as they may be best fitted to perform.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., September 3, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

There is an intense feeling of bitterness in many parts of this State on account of the manner of making sub-districts by provost-marshals. In many districts several towns constitute one sub-district, thus uniting towns which have done more than their share with towns which have done little or nothing. The enrollment in most if not all cases has been taken by towns, and therefore but little additional labor would be required to reduce sub-districts to towns and assign their quotas and credits as far as possible by towns. All credits prior to October 1, 1863, in counties are divided pro rate, and by reducing sub-districts to towns the pro rata credits could be easily determined. I earnestly request that this be done immediately.

RICHD. YATES.

FRANKFORT, September 3, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Kentucky is, and ever has been, loyal as a State and people. Her people have triumphantly passed through the severest ordeal, and borne, without yielding, the severest test ever applied to the loyalty of any people. Yet we are dealt with as though Kentucky was a rebellions and conqured province, instead of being, as they, are brave and loyal people. Without any occasion for such measures, the State has, by special executive edict, been declared under martial law, and this just preceding the elections.

Without rebuke the military commandant issued an order directly interfering with the most important election then depending,and in open conflict with the constitution and laws of the State, and in dereliction of the most sacred rights of a free and loyal people.

The ordinary and necessary trade of the States is now, by military trade regulations, subjected to restrictions which harass the citizen without any compensating public good, and which wear more the phase of subjecting the citizens to odious political tests than looking to the public good. I send herewith a copy of a permit, with the test questions as appended; the original I retain as a specimen and memorial of the military follies and harassments to which Kentuckians are subjected. The citizens of Western Kentucky have for a long while been the subjects of insult,oppression, and plunder by officers who have been placed to defend and protect them. Having on yesterday stated the conduct of General Paine and his accomplices, and heretofore communicated in reference to "Cunningham," who is now overshadowed by General Paine, I will not again state it.

