
free spirit of her loyal people. It cannot surely be the purpose of any to ascertain by actual experiment how much a brave and manly people will bear rather than revolt against their Government. And yet some of the measures adopted wear much the aspect of such an experiment.

May the God of our father speedily give to us deliverance by a restoration of our Government in unity and peace.

Respectfully,

THOS. E. BREAMLETTE.

[Inclosure No. 1.] HDQRS. PROV. March, 7TH DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky.,--- ---, 1864.

This is to certify that --- ---, of --- County, State of ---, has permission to ship --- --- out of and into the State of Kentucky

--- ---,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, 7th District of Kentucky.

Do you ardently desire the success of the Federal over the Confederate arms?

Answer.

Will you faithfully sustain all the measures of the United States Government to suppress the rebellion (including the enlistment of slaves in U. S. Army)?

Answer.

I do solemnly swear that I have not by word or action given the slightest aid and comfort to the present rebellion, and that by conversation and action I will do all I can to discourage and discountenance and overthrow the rebellion, and will used all my influence to restore the authority of the Government of the United Sates over the States now in rebellion.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this --- day of ---, 186- .

[Inclosure No. 2.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES.

Mr. RICHARD BROWDER:

Your are hereby ordered to pay to J. H. Morton at these headquarters on the 1st day of September, 1864, $100, for the purpose of reimbursing Union citizens in your county and neighborhood for their losses by rebel soldiers and guerrillas.

By not complying fully with this order an additional sum of 50 per cent. will be added to the above amount.

By order of

J. H. GRIDER,

Colonel Fifty-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry, Commanding Post, Bowling Green, Ky.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FREDERICK TOWNSEND,

Act. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Albany, N. Y.:

The Secretary of War has approved the commissioners" report of credits for naval enlistments prior to February 24. Give to Generals

