
recruits gathered by the troops and being mustered into these colored regiments. This creates dissatisfaction to those previously mustered, and who, of course obtain these bounties. At Vicksburg, I understand, dissatisfaction also exists at the presence of these State agents. General Dana informed me that such was the desire to obtain recruits that diseased men, entirely unfitted for the service, were taken and passed by the examining surgeon. Such men would not be received by any medical officer in the U. S.service, and, if enlisted, would be immediately discharged. I conceive it my duty to represent these facts, and to say that the service is being decidedly injured by the operations of these agents, and I recommend that they be directed to cease recruiting. I shall expect to leave this place to-morrow, on my return to Kentucky, stopping for a short period at each of the prominent posts on the Mississippi River.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, September 5, 1864,

Brigadier General J. B. FRY:

Total number of naval credits assigned to Massachusetts by the commissioner (16,625) are reduced to three-years" men.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

JOHN H. CLIFFORD,

Committee.

STATE OF NEW YORK, Albany, September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The several certificates issued and signed by me between the 20th day of July, 1864, and September 1 instant, as evidence of the appointment by local authorities of recruiting agents, under the provision of section 3 of the act of Congress approved July 4, 1864, "further to regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling out the national forces," and of General Orders, No. 227, War Department, of July 9, 1864, are hereby severally renewed and extended (subject to all the conditions and restrictions therein named) for the period of thirty days from this date.

In case, however, the quota assigned under the call of the President of July 18, 1864, for 500,000 men, to any city, ward, town, county, or assembly district, having a recruiting agent, as herein set forth, is filled before the expiration of said thirty days,or a draft is made in such locality by the provost-marshal of the district in which the same is located previous to such expiration, then this extension to terminates as to such locality named in such certificate.

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 5, 1864.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Elmira, N. Y.:

A regiment of Veteran Reserve Corps and section of artillery left here last night to report to you. You asked only for six companies,

