
but I thought it better to send the force named above. As soon as you get the troops in hand commence the draft, beginning in such districts as you think most advisable. We want to get ahead as rapidly as possible, but do not wish you to draft in more places at the same time than you are sure you can manage. Report by telegraph what your order and give me daily everything of importance.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 72. Washington, September 6, 1864.

It is announced, for the information and guidance of all concerned, that no more re-enlistments will be recognized with the limits as to term of service fixed by General Orders, No. 305, series of 1863.

General Orders, No. 235, current series, for this office,now regulate all re-enlistments of men in three-years" organizations,and must be strictly adhered to.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 73. Washington, September 6, 1864.

Circular No. 61, current series, from this office, does not impair or modify in any way the requirements of Circular No. 36, same series.

When the regiment, company, or other command of a regimental officer is mustered out it must be distinctly understood that the officer will be considered as mustered out therewith,and at the same "time and place" as the command.

An officer "is held to service" for the full term of his muster only when the regulation command it retained in service for him.

Occasion is here taken to remind officers absent from their commands on detached service, sick, or otherwise, that it is their duty to keep themselves fully advised as to the dates at which their commands go out of service, so that they may be mustered out and discharged therewith. (See Circular No. 36, current series, from this office.) Officers neglecting this precaution will be held to a strict and rigid accountability. In cases of doubt timely application should be made to the Adjutant- General of the Army for information.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 33. Washington, D. C., September 6, 1864.

Sections 15 and 16 of the act approved February 24, 1864, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes,"" approved March 3, 1863, provide:

SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That provost-marshals, boards of enrollment, or any member thereof, acting by authority of the Board,shall have power

