
to summon witnesses in behalf of the Government, and enforce their attendance by attachment without previous payment of fees, in any case pending before them,or either of them; and the fees allowed for witnesses attending under summons shall be six cents per mile for mileage, counting one way; and no other fees or costs be allowed under the provisions of this section;and they shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations. And any person who shall willfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely before any provost-marshal or board of enrollment, or member thereof,acting by authority of the Board, or who shall, before any civil magistrate, willfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely to any affidavit to be used in any case pending before any provost-marshal or board of enrollment, shall, on conviction, be fined not exceeding five hundred dollars, and imprisoned not less than six months nor more than twelve months. The drafted men shall have process to bring in witnesses, but without mileage.

SEC.16. And be if further enacted, That copies of any record of a provost-marshal of board of enrollment, or of any part thereof, certified by the provost-marshal, or a majority of said board of enrollment, shall be deemed and taken as evidence in any civil or military court in line manner as the original record: Provided, that if any shall knowingly certify any false copy or copies of such record, to be used in any civil or military court, he shall be subject to the pains and pains and penalties of perjury.

Thee sections are published for the information of all concerned, and the attention of district provost-marshals and boards of enrollment are invited to the fact that under this authority they are afforded due facility for determining questions of fact upon the sworn testimony of witnesses.

In cases of application for exemption from service under the draft, or to strike the name of an enrolled man from the list, or to determine whether a party charged with being a deserter is guilty of the charge, or as to the ownership of property seized as Government property and claimed by third parties, or other material fact necessary to be decided by the Board of Enrollment, the provost-marshal is authorized to require the attendance of witnesses and examine them under oath, and will promptly arrest and turn over to the civil authorities for trial, with a written statement of the offense,all persons who shall knowingly testify falsely to any material fact in issue before the provost-marshal or Board of Enrollment.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NOTE.-This circular not to be published in newspapers.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 6, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise seven companies of volunteer infantry, to be added to the three companies of the Thirty-second Regiment,now in the field,and thus reorganize that regiment. The term of service will be for one, two, or three years, as the recruits may elect. Should any of the companies fail to organize within a reasonable time, they will be consolidated with the other companies. The recruitment, organization, and musters into service must conform to existing regulations. Bounties will be paid in accordance with Circular No. 27, current series, from this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

