
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 7, 1864.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

This Department is still without any dispatches south of Nashville. It is supposed to be General Sherman's design to withdraw his advanced columns and give his army rest in Atlanta, establish himself securely there, and restore his railroad communications, broken by Wheeler and Forrest, before making further advances. No operations by the armies of General Grant or General Sheridan are reported to-day.

The Provost-Marshal-General's Office is busily engaged in arranging the credits of the several districts, and is ordered to draft without delay for the deficiency in the districts that have not filled their quota, beginning with those most in arrears. Credits for volunteers will be allowed as long as possible, but the advantage of filling the armies immediately requires the draft to be speedily in the defaulting districts. All applications for its postponement have, therefore, been refused.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 7, 1864.

Captain R. I. DODGE,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Harrisburg, Pa.:

The matter of crediting officers does not seem to be properly understood. When new organizations are mustered in, officers and men are all counted and credited. It is the intention to credit every man who goes into service. If a civilian goes in as an officer, he is as properly creditable as if he went in as a private; but if he is in service, and has been credited,he can not properly be again credited because he leaves his regiment as a private and goes into a new regiment as an officer.

Don"t publish this but explain the subject yourself accordingly, and inform Honorable T. M. Howe, of Pittsburg, of it. Nothing I say on this subject gives any approval on my part of the payment to or acceptance of bounties on the part of officers.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 8, 1864-3.57 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The recruiting returns show an average of about 5,000 mustered in per day for the last week.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 37. Washington City, September 8, 1864.

The regiments and battalions of Quartermaster's Volunteers in this city and vicinity will be designated and organized as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier General D. H. Rucker commanding, Washington, D. C.: Office Battalion Quartermaster's Department, Major C. B.

