
Wagner; First Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers, Colonel C. H. Tompkins; Second Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers, Colonel E. E. Camp; Sixth Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers (heretofore First Colored Regiment), Lieutenant Colonel C. P. P. Wroe.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. J. Dana, Quartermaster's Department, Washington, commanding: Third Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers, Alexandria, Colonel J. G. C. Lee; Fourth Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers, Washington, Colonel Elison; Fifth Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers (heretofore Giesborough Battalion), Giesborough, Colonel J. A. Ekin; Seventh Regiment Quartermaster's Volunteers (heretofore Second Colored Regiment), Alexandria, Colonel T. G. Whytal.

A consolidated morning report of each brigade by regiments and of each regiment by companies will be made to the Quartermaster General on the last day of each month, on the printed forms now used in the Army. A roster of the officers of each brigade will be forwarded at the same time.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, September 8, 1864.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States of America, Washington, D. C.:

The undersigned, members of the Union State Central Committee and committee of the grand council of the Union League of the State of Illinois, would respectfully represent that there is in almost every part of the State among our friends great excitement and opposition to the making a draft in this State, and that the subject has been brought no the attention and has been anxiously and carefully investigated by our respective organizations. The opposition to a draft in this State does not arise from any unwillingness of our friends to contribute their full share to the support of our Government and aiding it in maintaing its territorial integrity and enforcing its laws, but originates in a supposed inequality both as respects other States and among the different localities of our own State.

Your petitioners have been officially informed that the total quota of three-years" men assigned to this State prior to the call of July 18, 1864, was 145,303, and that, according to a settlement made by the War Department with the State on the 6th ultimo, the State had furnished of three-years" men 181,178,leaving an excess over all calls of 35,875; that on the 18th ultimo the quota of the State under the call of the President of that date was 52,057 of one-year's men. It is therefore respectfully insisted, according to the principle contained in the twelfth section of the act of Congress provided for enrolling and calling out the national forces, approved March 3, 1863, that for the purpose of the last call the excess of Illinois is equivalent to 107,625 one-year's men, and that therefore the State is not justly liable to a draft under said call.

Another cause of complaint, and which causes great apparent injustice, grows out of the fact of the unnecessary manner in which

