
upon our people, but to protect our friends and party from sure and overwhelming defeat,

We are, most respectfully and truly, your friends,

THOMAS J. TURNER,

Chairman Central Committee.

JAMES P. ROOT,

Secretary Central Committee.

[AND TWENTY-SEVEN OTHERS.]

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL:

Please see and hear these gentleman,w ho say that by an adjustment-settlement, so to speak-the aggregate quota for Illinois is 16, 184 men, while by some result of sub-destructing the draft is about to be enforced for 29,797.

Please look into this and correct the error if it exists, or make for me an intelligible statement; show no error to exist.

A. LINCOLN.

[Second indorsement.]

If the Provost-Marshal-General will make a reduction of 50 per cen. upon the quotas of every sub-district where a draft has been ordered in Illinois, it will be satisfactory to the people of that State and settle difficulty in regard to the apportionment.

THOS. J. TURNER,

Chairman Union State Central Committee.

S. H. MELVIN,

Commissioner State Union League Association.

NEW YORK, September 8, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I inclose a communication I have had the honor to receive from John T. Sprague, adjutant-general. It is proper to learn from your Department whether there is any information in its possession that would authorize an appropriation of muskets to the extent proposed.

Yours, very truly,

E. D. MORGAN.

[Inclosure.]

ALBANY, August 15, 1864.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

Numbers 54 Exchange Place, New York City:

SIR: Information has been received at these headquarters as to the exposed condition of the northern frontier, and the probability of incursions by a class of men from Canada who might individually cause much injury, and, if combined, form an efficient body of men.

This frontier is exposed and needs protection. The State has not the means in hand under the military appropriation to defray the expenses incident to the purchase of arms, nor for the payment and subsistence of men.

To meet the present demand three regiments are ordered to be in readiness for active service, but these are without arms and accouterments. A guard of fifty men are now on duty at the State Arsenal,

