
near Buffalo. The arms for these troops, as well as subsisting them, must be paid for immediately, and it is well to make preparations accordingly.

The $1,000,000 appropriated by the Legislature April 27, 1863, for the protection of the harbors and frontiers of this State, would seem to be the source from which funds should be obtained to meet this emergency.

His Excellency Governor Seymour desires me to write you upon the subject, with the wish to obtain your acquiescence in the course adopted in defraying the expenses accruing in the employment of a force for the protection of the frontier.

It is suggested that the present might not be an inappropriate time to purchase, say, 10,000 stand of arms and accouterments, to be deposited along the frontier as one of the efficient means of defense.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 9, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward to your address 1,000 copies of Special Orders, Numbers 82, dated Headquarters Armies of the United States, in the field, Va., August 28, 1864.*

The subjoined extract from a letter of Lieutenant-General Grant indicates the disposition to be made of them:

I have had a large number of the inclosed order printed for circulation among the troops of the enemy in my front. I desire that you have printed at Washington a sufficient number for the use of Generals Sherman and Sheridan, and such other commanders in the field as can use them to advantage, and forward the same to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Major General P. H. Sheridan, commanding Middle Military Division; Brevet Major-General Crook, commanding Department of West Virginia; Major General J. M. Schofield, commanding Department of the Ohio; Major General O. O. Howard, commanding Department of the Tennessee; Major General George H. Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland; Major General F. Steele, commanding Department of Arkansas; Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi; Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, commanding Department of the Gulf.)

STATE OF IOWA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Davenport, September 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I inclose papers marked A, B, and C, and I would most respectfully ask of you to state on what points of justice the United States

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XLII, Part II, p. 555.

---------------

