
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 9, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

This is authority to organize an additional regiment of heavy artillery, using the surplus of Gallupe's regiment as a basis, organizations and musters to conform to existing regulations. This is done at instance of Messrs. Howe, Moorhead, and Negley, at Pittsburgh, who report that the additional regiment will be complete in two days.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 9, 1864.

Major General D. B. BIRNEY, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Tenth Corps, Army of the James:

GENERAL: Authority is hereby given you to raise, with the concurrence of the Governor of Pennsylvania, a regiment of volunteer infantry for service in the corps under your command, as stated in my telegram of this date.

The following are the orders and instructions therefor from the Secretary of War:

First. The regiment must be recruited in the State of Pennsylvania.

Second. The Governor of the State will commission the officers, and the recruitment and organization will be under his general direction and control, in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 131, current series, from the Adjutant- General's Office.

Third. The recruitment will be governed by the requirements of the recruiting regulations, and all musters regulated by the Mustering Regulations of the Army.

Fourth. the members of the regiment may volunteer for one, two, or three years, as they may in each case elect.

Fifth. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provisions of Circular Numbers 27, current series, from this office.

Sixth. The regiment, or companies thereof, as soon as organized will be assigned and forwarded to the Tenth Army Corps for service therewith, unless specially required elsewhere.

Seventh. If the organization is not complete within a reasonable time the companies will be consolidated for transfer to some other organization.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I hope it is not the intention to postpone the draft to allow time to fill up with recruiting. The men we have been getting in that way nearly all desert, and out of five reported North as having enlisted we do not get more than one.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

