
as may have been mustered into the service of the United States since the draft, and that the number so credited be deducted from their proportion of the quota assigned the State under the recent call.

I thereupon issued an address to the people of Connecticut, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. Acting upon these declarations the towns of this State, and especially those which are earnest in the support of the Government, anticipating a relief from the incubus which was forced upon them when the district at large was required to supply the deficiency occasioned by the tardiness of less loyal towns, with commendable energy and much success, made vigorous efforts to comply with the demands of the Government.

Their estimates of the demand made upon them were predicated upon the quota apportioned, based upon their proportionate share of the district quota, and determined from the U. S. enrollment.

I would further call your attention to a telegram of the date December 29, 1863, from you to Major Perkins, and by him furnished to me, as follows:

The rule established in relation to credits is to credit to the locality in which they enlist and accept bounty, without regard to the place where they may have been originally enrolled under the enrollment act.

Under this last decision you will notice that when men who have been enrolled in one town or sub-district and who have been induced to enlist in and accept bounty from some other, the ability of the town where they reside and are enrolled to meet the requisitions of a draft when ordered by the Government is diminished. This may be carried to such an extent in some towns that the entire arms-bearing population which remains will not be sufficient to furnish the quota. In like manner the towns which shall have thus induced enlistments may furnish their full quota from other districts and shield their active population from a draft and the performance of the duty required. I would therefore earnestly and respectfully urge upon your notice these views, and request that you will, if possible, accede to the wishes of our General Assembly, believing that by so doing the loyal people of this State will be encouraged and stimulated to still greater exertions than they have yet made in support of the Government and the Administration.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Norwich, December 7, 1863.

For the information of the public, I hereby announce that the War Department has authorized the following principles to govern in raising the quota of Connecticut under the present call for 300,000 men:

First. Quotas will be apportioned to the several towns in the several Congressional districts, and such towns as may furnish their full quota of volunteers undre the recent call of the President for 300,000 men will be exempt from draft, should one be rendered necessary in January next.

Second. The several towns will receive credit for all such volunteers as may have been mustered into the service of the United States since the draft, and the number so credited will be deducted from their proportion of the quota assigned the State under the recent call.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

