
We ought to have the whole number of men called for by the President in the shortest possible time. A draft is soon over, and ceases to hurt after it is made. The agony of suspense is worse upon the public than the measure itself. Prompt action in filling our armies will have more effect upon the enemy than a victory over them. They profess to believe, and make their men believe, there is such a party North in favor of recognizing Southern independence that the draft cannot be enforced. Let them be undeceived.

Deserters come into our lines daily who tell us that the men are nearly universally third of the war, and that desertions would be much more frequent, but they believe peace will be negotiated after the fall elections. The enforcement of the draft and prompt filling up of our armies will save the shedding of blood to an immense degree.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Mr. Seward's declaration that there would be no draft was unauthorized and most unhappy, for it has already reduced recruiting down to about 1,500 per day, and will produce disappointment and discontent. The draft has been ordered to commence in every State on Monday until the whole number is obtained. No suspension or delay will be permitted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 13, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

The declaration of Mr. Seward at Auburn that there would be no draft was unauthorized and a mistake. The credits for recruits having been ascertained, the draft has been ordered to commence in every district of every State on next Monday, and to proceed as rapidly as possible until the whole number is obtained. There will be little or no armed resistance unless in Indiana and Illinois, and even thee it is not expected to be extensive.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ATLANTA, GA., September 13, 1863-6.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am very glad to hear the draft will be enforced: First, we need the men; second, they come as privates to fill up our old and tried regiments, with their experienced officers already on hand; and, third, because the stern enforcement of the law will manifest a power resident in our Government equal to the occasion. Our Government, though a democracy, should, in times of trouble and danger, be able to wield the most despotic power of a great nation. All well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

