
INDIANAPOLIS, September 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY:

Brevet Major-General Hovey, commanding district, can furnish no guard. Prudence absolutely demands that at least 4,000 soldiers, uniformed, armed, and equipped, be in the State to execute the draft and keep the peace, 1,000 on regular duty at headquarters of eleven provost-marshals serving notices in disaffected neighborhoods, and guarding men en route to draft rendezvous, and 3,000 distributed at proper points to suppress incipient revolt if possible, or accomplished insurrection if need be. In portions of every district notices of draft can only be served by detachments of armed men. I respectfully suggest that militia be called out.

JAS. G. JONES,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

AUGUSTA, September 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I congratulate you and the country on the result of our election. It is the bow of promise. Enlistments are progressing favorably in this State, but the public attention has been preoccupied by other questions, which we have settled. A little more time should be granted us for volunteering enlistments, and men can be procured as fast for the service now as by resort to compulsion.

SAML. CONY,

Governor of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 13, 1864.

Governor CONY,

Augusta, Me.:

The election result in Maine will carry joy to the loyal people in every State. Having routed the enemies of the Union at the polls, let the patriots of Maine hasten to bear their banner on to victory over the rebels in the field. The Army complains that the drafts not made to fill up the ranks, so that the fall campaign may be the last and greatest. I have to-day urgent appeals for immediate draft from Atlanta and Petersburg. It must go on without an hour's delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, September 13, 1864.

General J. B. FRY:

Maine gave you as good as a re-enforcement of 50,000 men yesterday. Hold your hand lightly for a time and we will attend to your demands. We are doing well now recruiting.

SAML. CONY,

Governor of Maine.

