
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 74. Washington, September 14, 1864.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF DRAFT RENDEZVOUS.

I. Draft rendezvous are military posts, and duty must be performed thereat in strict accordance with the Army Regulations.

II. Commanding officers of draft rendezvous are directly under the orders of the Secretary of War, as they may be issued through the Adjutant-General's Office.

III. Officers and men who may be ordered to report at draft rendezvous for the purpose of receiving and escorting drafted men or recruits to regiments will only be relieved from such duty by orders from the Adjutant-General's Office. Those not needed for immediate service in conducting detachments to regiments will be employed in taking care of, guarding, and instructing drafted men and recruits as they arrive at the rendezvous.

IV. Drafted men and substitutes will not be discharged for disability existing before entering into service (except on the examination provided for in Circular 67 of 1864, from the Adjutant-General's Office) until they have been with the regiment to which assigned one week.

V. Drafted men and substitutes disabled since entry into service will in future be transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps, and discharged in the same manner as other soldiers.

VI. A weekly inspection will be made of each draft rendezvous by its commanding officer, and a report of said inspection sent to the Adjutant-General's Office, embracing any information whatsoever that may merit notice and aid to correct defects or introduce improvements.

VII. Assignments of drafted men and substitutes to organizations will be made in accordance with orders, which will be issued from time to time from the Adjutant-General's Office, and these orders will be complied with by sending the men forward with all possible dispatch.

VIII. Commanders of rendezvous will report daily by telegram to the Adjutant-General the number of disposable drafted men and substitutes at the rendezvous under their command.

IX. A tri-monthly report of the drafted forces (including substitutes for persons drafted and substitutes for persons liable to draft) will be made on the 10th, 20th, and last day of each month, in accordance with the forms issued from the Adjutant-General's Office.

X. A tri-monthly report of the volunteers (embracing volunteer and representative recruits for old organizations) will be made on the 10th, 20th, and the last day of each month, on the forms issued from the Adjutant-General's Office for the reports of drafted forces, the word "volunteers" being substituted for the words "drafted forces" whenever they occur in the form.

XI. Charges and specifications requiring the immediate action of general court-martial at the draft rendezvous will be sen to the headquarters of the geographical department in which the rendezvous is located, with a list of officers available for detail as members for such a court. Charges not requiring such action will be sent with the men to the command to which the men may be assigned.

XII. All official communications addressed to the Adjutant- General's Office should have marked, in legible letters on the envelope, the words "Official Business," "Draft Rendezvous."

