
I do not hesitate to say that I have been unquestionably correct in this decision. The men will be obtained at least sooner than if the daft had occurred.

I have also to report that the Governor, on the representation of a committee of the Board of Supervisors of Ulster County and gentlemen from the Thirteenth District, sent Colonel J. B. Stonehouse, assistant adjutant-general of New York, to request on his behalf a postponement of the draft in the Thirteenth District until Monday next. I acceded to the request and postponed the draft until such date.

In this latter case I have no hope of the quota being filled by that time, but the supervisors are fairly aroused and propose to increase largely their already offered bounty, which will carry volunteering up to the time of drafted men reporting.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninth U. S. Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

PHILADELPHIA, September 14, 1864.

JAMES B. FRY, Esq.,

Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Stop the draft in Philadelphia and we will give you 3,000 more majority.

Yours, &amp;c.,

T. C. TOWNSEND.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inquire if the War Department will furnish, say, 15,000 rifled muskets, with the necessary equipments and ordnance stores complete, for the purpose of arming the militia of the State of Vermont, in the event of an organization of the same at the approaching session of the Legislature.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 14, 1864.

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont:

SIR: In reply to your note of this date in respect to furnishing arms and accouterments for the militia of your State, I have the honor to inform you that in the event of the Vermont Legislature passing a law for the organization of the militia of that State this Department will, on your requisition, furnish immediately 15,000 stand of arms, with accouterments complete, the arms to be the first-quality Springfield rifled muskets. The necessary supplies of ordnance stores will also be furnished.

If it will not be deemed improper, I beg leave to say that, in my view, it is the duty of every State to organize and arm its militia

