
proper accounting officers of the Treasury; that the first section of the "Act to provide for the collection of abandoned property, and or the prevention of fraud in insurrectionary districts in the United States," approved March twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, is hereby extended so as to include the descriptions of property mentioned in an act entitled "An act further to provide for the collection of duties on imports, and for other purposes," approved July thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and an act entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes," approved July seventeen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, respectively; and that the sales provided for in said act first mentioned may be made at such places as many be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury. And section six of said first-mentioned act is hereby amended as to include every description of property mentioned in the acts of July thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and July seventeen eighteen hundred and sixty-two, aforesaid; and that all property, real or personal, described in the acts to which this is in addition, shall be regarded as abandoned when the lawful owner thereof shall be voluntarily absent therefrom, and engaged, either in arms or otherwise in aiding or encouraging the rebellion.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the prohibitions and provisions of the act approved July thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and of the acts amendatory or supplementary thereto, shall apply to all commercial intercourse by and between persons residing or being within districts within the present or future lines of national military occupation in the States or parts of States declared in insurrection, whether with each other or with persons residing or being within districts declared in insurrection and not within those lines; and that all persons within the United States, no native or naturalized citizens thereof, shall be subject to the same prohibitions, in all commercial intercourse with inhabitants of States or parts of States declared in insurrection, as citizens of loyal States are subject to under the said act or acts.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That whenever any part of a loyal State shall be under the control of insurgents, or shall be in dangerous proximity to places under their control, all commercial intercourse therein and therewith shall be subject to the same prohibitions and conditions as are created by the said acts, as to such intercourse between loyal and insurrectionary States, for such time and to such extent as shall from time to time become necessary to protect the public interests, and be directed by the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the President.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That so much of the fifth section of the act approved May twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and the fourth section of the act approved March twelve, eighteenth hundred and sixty-three, as directs the manner of distributing fines, penalties, and forfeitures, is hereby repealed, and that, in lieu of the distribution thereby directed to be made to informers, collectors, and other officers of the customs, the court decreeing condemnation may award such compensation to customs officers, informers, or other persons, for any service connected therewith, as will tend to promote vigilance in protecting the public interests, and as shall be just [and] equitable; in no case, however, to exceed the aggregate amount heretofore directed by the said fifth section.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That no property seized or taken upon any of the inland waters of the United States by the naval forces thereof shall be regarded as maritime prize; but all property so seized or taken shall be promptly delivered to the proper officers of the courts, or as provided in this act and in the said act approved March twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty- three.

SEC. 8. and be if further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the President, to authorize agents to purchase for the United States any products of States declared in insurrection, at such places therein as shall be designated by him, at such prices as shall be agreed on with the seller, not exceeding the market value thereof at the place of delivery, nor exceeding three-firths of the market value thereof in the city of New York at the latest quotations known to the agent purchasing: Provided, That no part of the purchase money for any products so purchased shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, out of any other fund than that rising from property sold as captured or abandoned, or purchased and sold under the provisions of this act. All property so purchased shall be forwarded for sale at such place or places as shall be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury; and the moneys arising therefrom, after payment of the purchase money and the other expenses connected therewith, shall be paid into the Treasure of the United States; and the accounts of all moneys so received and paid shall be rendered to and audited by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.

