
SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That so much of section five of the act of thirteenth of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, aforesaid, as authorizes the President, in his discretion, to license or permit commercial relations in any State or section the inhabitants of which are declared in a state of insurrection, is hereby repealed, except so far as may be necessary to authorize supplying the necessities of loyal persons residing in insurrectionary States, within the lines of actual occupation by the military forces of the United States, as indicated by published order of the commanding general of the department or district so occupied; and, also, except so far as may be necessary to authorize persons residing within such lines to bring or send to market in the loyal States any products which they shall have produced with their own labor or the labor of freedmen or others employed and pad by them, pursuant to rules relating thereto, which may be established under proper authority. And no goods, wares, or merchandise shall be taken into a State declare in insurrection, or transported therein, except to and from such places and to such monthly amounts as shall have been previously agreed upon in writing by the commanding general of the department in which such places are situated, and an officer designated by the Secretary of the Treasury for that purpose.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That all officers and privates of the regular and volunteer forces of the United States, and all officers, sailors, and marines in the naval service, are hereby prohibited from buying or selling, trading, or in any way dealing in the kind or description of property mentioned in this act, and the act to which this is in addition, whereby to receive or expect any profit, benefit, or advantage to himself, or any other person directly or indirectly connected with him. And it shall be the duty of such officer, private, sailor, or marine, when such property shall come into his possession or custody, or within his control, to give notice thereof to some agent appointed by virtue of this act, and to turn the same over to such agent witnited States, civil, military, or naval, or any sutler, soldier, marine, or other person who shall violate any provision of this act, or who shall take, or cause to be taken, into a State declared to be in insurrection, or to any other point to be thence taken into such State, or who shall transport or sell, or otherwise dispose of therein, any goods, wares, or merchandise whatsoever, except in pursuance of license and authority of the President, and provided in said fifth section of the act of July thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, aforesaid, and any officer or other person aforesaid who shall make any false statement or representation upon which license and authority shall be granted for such transportation, sale, or other disposition, and any officer or other person aforesaid who shall, under any license or authority obtained, willfully and knowingly transport, sell, or otherwise dispose of any other goods, wares, or merchandise, than such as are in good faith so licensed and authorized, or shall willfully and knowingly transport, sell, or dispose of the same, or any portion thereof, in violation of the terms of such license or authority, or of any rule or regulation prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury concerning the same, or shall be guilty of any act of embezzlement, or willful misappropriation of public or private money or property, of keeping false accounts, or willfully making any false returns, or of any other act amounting to a felony, shall be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor, and fine nor exceeding five thousand dollars, and to punishment in the penitentiary not exceeding three years, before any court, civil or military, competent to try the same. And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, from time to time, to institute such investigations as may be necessary to detect and prevent frauds and abuses in the trade and other transactions contemplated by this act, or by the acts to which this is supplementary. And the agents making such investigations shall have power to compel the attendance of witnesses and to make examinations on oath.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the President, shall make such rules and regulations as are necessary to secure the proper and economical execution of the provisions of this act, and shall defray all expenses of such execution from the proceeds of fees imposed by said rules and regulations of sales of captured and abandoned property, and of sales hereinbefore authorized.

Approved Julretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

