
State. The deficits were only announced on the 27th of August. I have already insisted to the War Department that as our excess of three-years" men was 35,875 when our quota was 52,057 one-years" men, that under the enrollment laws of 1863 our State was not liable to a draft under the present call, and I had also urged that if a draft was insisted upon it should only be made for the deficiency against [us] as a State. No attention has been paid to these matters. If a draft is now insisted upon for 28,058, I will not be responsible for oncequences. In my own opinion it will not only endanger the peace of the State, but will hopelessly defeat us in the coming election. Our Republican paper swill universally denounce it, and our Union men in the State will be left without the means of defending the fatal policy.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

SIR: Your communication to the Secretary of War of the 9th instant, asking why the Government takes 271 men from the credit of the State, and refuses credit for Company A, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, has been received, and I am instructed by the Provost-Marshal-General to inform you that the credit of 271 men was restored to the State of Iowa before receipt of your letter, and the acting assistant provost-marshal-general has been notified thereof this day.

Company A, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, has not been deducted from the credit of Iowa. Your cause of complaint is thereby removed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. DODGE,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps, in Charge of Enrollment Bureau.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, STATE KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of a letter that I wrote yesterday to Brevet Major-General Burbridge which explains itself. To-day I hear that the general has just started with 8,000 mounted men on an expedition to Virginia, probably to meet some of the border forces collected for raids, and not to take part in the general plan of General Grant's campaign. As soon as I heard that he had left I telegraphed to his adjutant-general at Lexington to send my letter after him by courier, as I deemed it of sufficient importance to demand his attention. I doubt, however, if on that account he will abandon his present enterprise, nor do I know how important that may be, or under what controlling authority he may be acting; but unless it be of paramount importance the protection of the coming draft, whereby large numbers of men may be furnished to the Army, and the watching and quelling incipient insurrection, which I think he may readily do with a force

