
of 8,000 men, besides all the infantry left in the State, is important enough to merit all the effort of force and of mind that may be given to it, and the service, if effectually rendered, will entitle the officer rendering it to more praise than an ordinary victory. I regard it as a misfortune that the amendment I proposed to the enrollment law, in regard to extending the time necessary to serve notices, was not adopted, because, as the law now sands, requiring them to be served within ten days, there will be many cases where, from the disturbed condition of the State, they cannot be served within that time, and hence the drafted men are considered exempt. With a force, however, the notices may be served and the drafted men guarded to rendezvous.

I hope that the subject of this communication may be deemed o sufficient consequence to secure the action of controlling authorities.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, STATE OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, Ky., September 15, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: A telegram from the Provost-Marshal-General notifies me that drafting will begin in certain districts and sub-districts of the State which I may specify on Monday, 19th instant, and accordingly I have issued my orders to provost-marshals of Third, Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, and Eighth Districts, and probably will issue similar orders for Second and Ninth Districts in a few days. The First District is in such a condition that I am as yet undetermined in the matter. As unquestionably the draft cannot be extended, including the serving of notice and the coming of drafted men to headquarters of provost-marshals to report, I have to request that sufficient force be supplied at the various headquarters of districts to effect the highly important object of supplying men to the armies of the country at this most critical crisis.

I venture to suggest that resistance to and interference with the operations of the draft are looked to as a means by the enemies of the government to create disturbance, and even insurrection, eventuating in revolutionizing the State, and if they succeed in their first steps they may make considerable progress toward consummating their end, whereas if their projects be anticipated by the presence at all points of n overawing force it may be nipped in the bud by preventing on their part any unity of action, so that the leaders in the bad scheme will be left standing alone.

I cannot imagine how the forces under your control can be applied to a more important object than to fill he armies of the Union and suppress in advance insurrection in the State. As far as practicable the force should be mounted, and if not organized as such, should be furnished with such orders as will justify the officers in supplying themselves with means of quick transportation by horses, mules, or wagons.

