
referred me to Major Thomas M. Vincent, of the Adjutant- General's Office.

For reasons which I cannot comprehend to be justly offered, these officers have decided that the claims which I present cannot be allowed.

Major Vincent informs me that it is a rule of the Department that credits of this sort can only be given upon the presentation of an agreement in due form between the authorities of the respective States, and not upon certificates from either showing that the men therein named were actual residents of the other at date of enlistment.

If so, why was the State of Iowa credited with 1,142 men in Missouri regiments upon the 19th day of last month, such credit being made simply upon my certificate as adjutant-general of Missouri, and without any showing on the other side of the account?

General Fry informs me that he cannot permit the quota assigned to the State authorities, which I represent, I respectfully ask for a revocation of these decisions, that the claims which I present may be allowed, and that the draft, which is ordered (as I understand) to be made in Missouri on Monday, the 19th instant, may be temporarily suspended for the following reasons:

First. The above statements can all be substantiated by official evidence which I have now here with me; and it is just and proper that a State like Missouri, which, since the beginning of the war, in consequence of its locality, has been the recruiting ground of every regiment of volunteers that has been on duty within its limits (a small number only whose recruits thus obtained can ever be credited to it), should of all others be entitled to consideration, and should at least have the same rights as other neighboring Sates how have been more favored in this respect.

Second. As I have stated to you verbally, and also to General Fry, there are eleven new regiments of volunteers for six and twelve months now organizing and the most of them completed at different points in the State (mostly twelve-moths" men), seven of which I know to be full, and remaining four had not less than 600 men each when I left the State (the 11th instant), and I doubt not are before this completed.

These regiments have been raised so expeditiously principally in consequence of the offering of bounties by a large number of the counties in order to fill their respective quotas, but owing to the delay usually attending the muster in of organizations so hastily formed, proper reports and credits have as yet not been made.

It may be said that these credits can be settled as well subsequent to the draft as prior thereto, but I am expressly charged by the Governor to say the while he is using every exertion to fill the quota of the State by volunteering, with so good success, he desires that the form of draft may be temporarily withheld until the number of men that have actually enlisted (but not yet in many instances formally mustered into service) may be definitely ascertained, reported, and credited.

This request is not made with any spirit of avoiding the draft for such number of men as the State may at the present time owe or be deficient under the call above referred to, but simply for facilitating rather than delaying the operations of a just and equitable conscription.

