
I should be pleased to receive your answer to this communication to-day, inasmuch as I desire to return at the earliest possible moment to hasten the completion of the new regiments above named. But should it not be convenient, will you please send it to the Governor, at Saint Louis, as soon as practicable?*

I have the honor to remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1864.

Governor RICHARD YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram of yesterday to President, Secretary of War, and myself received; the same subject presented by a committee represented by Thomas P. Turner. The committee represent that entire satisfaction will be produced by drafting only a sufficient percentage of quota assigned to each sub-district to produce the quota due from the State. I have therefore ordered Colonel Oakes to reduce the quotas 50 per centrum in every sub- district from which troops are now demanded; the balance being set aside until further orders. This reduction will produce the required result with sufficient accuracy. The apportionment of quotas to counties and sub-districts on the basis of the number furnished since the war began, as shown by records of the adjutant-general of the State, was made with a view to suit the wishes of the State authorities as represented by General Fuller and Colonel Oakes when they were in Washington in person to arrange this matter.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

AUGUSTA, ME., September 17, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am content with the order for the draft. Enlistments are progressing favorably. Major Gardiner had arranged the conduct of it so as to allow volunteering to proceed. I desire that he may be permitted to execute it as he proposes-say fifty a day to a district. This will be for the interest of the service. Our people are straining every nerve for volunteers. I ask that a company raised by Captain Hildreth may be assigned to he Sixteenth and another by Captain Mann to the Ninth Maine. These will be ready for muster in two or three days. There are several others which will be filled in a short time, the assignment of which I shall be pleased to signify.

SAML. CONY,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1864.

Colonel E. B. ALEXANDER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I ma directed by the Provost-Marshal-General to advise you that the Secretary of War, upon the request of the State authorities,

---------------

*See Dodge to Alexander, third, post.

---------------

