
has allowed a credit to Missouri of 1,727 men who enlisted in the regiments of Iowa and other States. This number, on consultation with the adjutant-general of the State, you will distribute to such districts as may be entitled thereto and advise this office of your action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. DODGE,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps, in Charge of Enrollment Bureau.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 18, 1864.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

It appears from a dispatch received from General Sherman last night that his army is jealously watching whether the draft will be suspended or enforced. The general says:

If the President modifies it to the extent of one man, or wavers in its execution, he is gone. Even the army would vote against him.*

You can judge from this what effect the recall of troops and delaying the draft is likely to have on your election.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 18, 1864.

Colonel JAMES G. JONES,

Forty-second Ind. Vols., A. A. P. M. G., Indianapolis:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 12th instant is received. It is right that you require provost-marshals to perform all duties in their power to promote he public interests, but in doing this you must bear in mind that the duty of first importance being prescribed by law, and that which must take precedence of all others, is raising troops, and where you impose on provost-marshals, at the suggestion of department or district commanders, extraneous duties, you must be particular to make them entirely subordinate to the main one of strengthening the armies. If you have not already done so, you will immediately direct that the instructions given to provost-marshals by General Hovey to make a registry of persons, with a view to "prevent stuffing of ballot boxes," be not understood as requiring them to omit or delay any of their legitimate duties of officers of this Bureau. It would be better if General Hovey selected and assigned officer or employes of his own to perform this duty, if he deems it one of importance and one for which he is responsible.

In reference to the effect to General Heitzelman's orders prohibiting the sale of arms, you will please make known to General Heitzelman your views and any facts you may have to present on that subject. I am informed that the Governor of Indiana has a supply of arms, and I therefore hope that your apprehensions of trouble on that score will prove not to be well founded. I am, I believe, pretty well acquainted with the condition of things in your State, and I am satisfied that confidence and boldness in administering, justly a

---------------

*For full dispatch see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 396.

---------------

