
necessary law are required to meet it, and I hope these qualities will be displayed by all officers of this Bureau. There will probably be a regiment sent to you from her to-morrow, and I have no doubt more will be sent if necessary. Keep me informed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 35. Washington, D. C., September 19, 1864.

The Navy Department having issued orders this day that substitutes will not be enlisted in the Navy, except they be seamen or firemen, hereafter all substitutes-with these exceptions-for enrolled or drafted men must be mustered into the Army.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There has been enlisted in Kentucky to this date 14,000 colored men, including 1,000 Kentucky negroes recruited at Evansville, for which Kentucky is to receive credit, and 900 sent to Gallatin, Tenn. We now average from 100 to 200 recruits a day. by the end of October the whole number will be 20,000. One of the cavalry regiments has been fully organized and mustered. I saw it in Lexington two days since. The men are all selected with reference to wight and riding qualities. This will make one of the very best regiments in the service. I have given it to Colonel Brisbin, who has been most active in its organization. The other cavalry regiments I will give to Colonel Wade. A regiment organizing at Saint Louis has eight companies. It will be full to the minimum the end of this week. This regiment had better remain in Missouri to facilitate recruiting. I do not propose to organize another regiment in Missouri to facilitate recruiting. I do not propose to organize another regiment in Missouri, but will send the recruits down the Mississippi to fill up the regiments raised in that State. I shall be able to get from the Eastern States all the medical officers needed. Quite a number have already been reported to me by Surgeon Sergeant, whom I sent North on this duty. I except to proceed in a day or two to examine into the state of the recruiting service.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 19, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

Your telegram of this date received. So good an account of colored recruiting in Kentucky is very gratifying, but General Sherman seems to think that the colored troops reported to be raised by you on

