
Eleventh. The headquarters of the Legion and the general rendezvous for equipment, organization, and instruction to be at Washington, D. C.

The men to be enlisted, mustered in, and subsisted at the various rendezvous in the different States and forwarded to the general rendezvous at Washington as soon after muster in as practicable.

Twelfth. The details of the recruitment to be conducted according to the recruiting regulations, except so far as they may conflict with the foregoing orders.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CONCORD, September 20, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I desire to call your attention to my dispatch of the 15th, requesting permission to organize our twelve detached companies of heavy artillery into a regiment and appoint field officers immediately. Please give this matter as speedy attention as possible.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 20, 1864.

Governor GILMORE,

Concord, N. H.:

The organization of your twelve companies of heavy artillery has been ordered.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, September 20, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF NEW HAMPSHIRE:

This is authority from the Secretary of War to give to your heavy artillery companies a regimental organization, field officers to be appointed and mustered under existing regulations.

T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Baltimore, September 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FRY:

GENERAL: This will be handed to you by Messrs. Seyster and McComas, two of a committee appointed by the corporate authorities of Hagerstown, in Washington County, who desire to place before [you] certain reasons why the citizens of that county should be allowed further time to furnish its quota. I wrote myself upon this subject, either to the Adjutant-General or yourself, some three weeks since. Not having access here to a copy of that letter, I cannot say positively to whom it was directed, but I beg leave to refer you to it for facts particularly connected with the people of that part of the State, and that entitled them, I thought, to a liberal consideration, and I

