
At the very time of the President's last call for troops Hagerstown was in the actual possession of the enemy, and it was not for many days afterward that the citizens had the lest knowledge of the fact, and before preparations could be even initiated the town was again occupied by the enemy, and even again, making two several occupations by the enemy after the call was made; and it was not until after the 13th or 14th of August that our people were finally rid of the presence and depredations of the enemy. It is therefore represented that with not over twenty days of freedom from the actual presence of the enemy, and with diminished population, with business stagnated or but timidly engaging in its pursuits, with thousands and thousands of dollars" worth of valuable property lost, we are called on to fill our quota at the same time with other communities and districts, not having enjoyed the advantages by one month that others enjoyed, and having a population sensibly decimated from causes to which other communities are strangers.

The mayor and council, with the utmost confidence, do further assure the Honorable Secretary of War and the Honorable Provost-Marshal-General that had this people enjoyed the undisturbed peace and quite which blessed other portions of the country, no draft would have been ordered for Hagerstown-perhaps none for the whole county; and with equal confidence the assurance is given that if the extension of sixty or forty days shall be granted us, the quota of Hagerstown, and, it is believed, of ever district of the county will be filled without a resort to the extremity of a draft.

It is further represented that there are now large numbers of discharged three-years" volunteer soldiers who have within the last three days returned to their homes in this county and who in a short time can be induced to return again to the Army; and thus can we, if time be granted, supply our quota with veterans instead of raw recruits.

It is further represented that nor part of the whole county has sent to the Army a larger number of it fighting population than this community, and if a reasonable time shall be allowed it will be made to appear that we are entitled to large credits, to which

until now, in our state of depression from loss of property, business, and population, we have felt an entire indifference.

It is also felt to be a subject of great injustice to our people that in the distribution of credits for naval enlistments Washington County, in the Fourth Congressional District, received but 8, whilst Frederick County, in the same district, received 417, and that justice requires time to correct a wrong so monstrous.

It is therefore ordered by the mayor and council that A. K. Seyster, John E. McComas, and Joseph F. Davis be, and they are hereby, appointed a committee to lay the facts, and others connected therewith, before the Honorable Secretary of War and Provost-Marshal-General, and that they proceed to Washington in the prosecution of this business.

JOHN COOK,

Mayor.

RICHARD SHECKLES.

THOS. A. BOULLT.

WM. HALL.

M. S. BARBER.

WM. H. PROTZMAN,

Clerk Pro Tem.

