
WASHINGTON COUNTY, to wit:

I hereby certify that John Cook, esq., Richard Sheckles, Thomas A. Boullt, William Hall, M. S. Barber, and William H. Protzman, gentlemen whose names are subscribed to the foregoing statement, &amp;c., are respectively the mayor and council of Hagerstown, duly elected and qualified according to law.

In testimony whereof I hereunto subscribe my name and affix the seal of the circuit court of Washington County this 19th day of September, A. D. 1864.

ISAAC NESBITT,

Clerk.

HARRISBURG, September 20, 1864.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

By the recent law of this State prescribing the manner in which citizen in military service shall vote, the secretary of the Commonwealth was directed to furnish tally lists, blanks, postage stamps, poll books, &c., to each captain, or when on detached duty to officers having charge of posts or hospitals. Mr. Slifer asked for the address of the Pennsylvania organizations in service, and yesterday received from Major Vincent a reply that the information had been furnished Honorable Simon Cameron. Major Vincent has certainly not answered the questions fully, and I earnestly ask that it be referred to him again and the information furnished officially. It is important this be done at once, as we desire to give all out citizens in service an opportunity to vote.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 20, 1864.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Major Vincent has been directed to forward to you a statement of the present location of Pennsylvania military organizations in the U. S. service, as requested in your telegram of this date. Mr. Slifer's communication was addressed to Colonel Jordan, and Major Vincent sates that he supposed the information furnished Mrr the same purpose for which Mr. Slifer's application was made. The information requested in your telegram will be forwarded by to-morrow's mail.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 20, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to organize a battalion of for companies of volunteer infantry, to be temporarily attached for duty to the One hundred and ninety-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers,

