
that they have so served; provided that said officers have not meanwhile voluntarily been remustered for three years, or, if belonging to veteran organizations, signified in writing their willingness to serve for the new term of the organization to which they belong.

3. Regulations similar to the foregoing will apply to organizations mustered into service for a less period than three years.

4. If officers of veteran organizations do not desire to secure the advantages of their former "commissions and rank," as contemplated by section 2 of paragraph 1, Circular Numbers 36, current series, from this office, they can decline to be remustered as therein directed, and take advantage of the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this circular, in so far as they may be applicable.

5. When the regiment, company, or other command of a regimental officer is mustered out it must be distinctly understood that the officer will be considered as mustered out therewith, and at the same "time and place" as the command.

An officer will be held to service for the full term of his muster only when the regulation command is retained in service for him.

Occasion is here taken to remind officers absent from their commands on detached service, sick or otherwise, that it is their duty to keep themselves fully advised as to the dates at which they commands go out of service, so that they may be mustered out and discharged therewith. (See Circular Numbers 36, current series, from this office.) Officers neglecting this precaution will be held to a strict and rigid accountability. In cases of doubt timely application should be made to the Adjut-General of the Army for information.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 77. Washington, September 22, 1864.

Commanding officers of draft rendezvous are authorized and directed to discharge from the service all drafted men who, after their arrival at and previous to their being forwarded from the general rendezvous, may present to the commanding officer of the rendezvous a substitute with duly attested muster and descriptive roll, showing that said substitute has been duly examined and accepted by the Board of Enrollment as a substitute for the drafted man to be discharged. This authority to furnish substitutes will not be so construed as to delay the forwarding of drafted men from rendezvous.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 22, 1864.

Circular letter from this office dated September 15, 1864, provides:

Qualified substitutes may be furnished by drafted men up to the time they are to be forwarded the general rendezvous.

These substitutes will be enlisted and mustered by the provost- marshal according to the regulations for the enlistment and muster

