
P. S.-The beneficial advantages of the present mode in giving prolonged time for filling quotas by volunteering need not be abridged, because the same privilege can be accorded to towns and sub-districts up to the date of examination of the drafted men or as late as it is now.

J. G. B.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,East Point, Ga., September 23, 1864.

His Excellency WILLIAM M. STONE,

Governor of the State of Iowa:

SIR: I have the honor to herewith transmit a copy of the requisition for drafted men for Iowa regiments in the Army of the Tennessee in the field.

Their record throughout the entire war, the laurels they have helped to place upon the victorious banners of the Army of the Tennessee, and their praiseworthy desire to continue their efficiency demand attention from the patriotic men of Iowa.

With the hope that their appeal may meet with success through your exertions,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

PHILADELPHIA, September 23, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: This will be handed by my friend, Revered Doctor Saunders, to whom, I believe, the Government is indebted for more men than to any other private citizen in the country.

He has now taken the First Ward of our city in hand, and will fill its quota if a few days can be given. If the turning of the wheel cannot be delayed, the time for reporting at camp may be; and if that can be done and volunteers be accepted meanwhile, I am confident the quota will be filled. Doctor Saunders is not the man to fail in such an undertaking, and I trust you will find it possible to comply with his suggestions.

Yours, truly,

WM. D. KELLEY.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 24, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the Navy does not require any more men from the Army at present.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[SEPTEMBER 24-29, 1864.-For correspondence between Governor of Missouri and Generals Rosecrans and Fisk, in relation to calling out the militia of certain districts, in view of Price's and Shelby's advance, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part III, pp. 342, 488.]

