
J. G. Blaine, saying that there is one feature connected with the present mode of conducting the draft that ought to be changed, and changed promptly, i. e., the very slow rate of the process. By the orders of General Fry, the enrolling boards are only drawing enough names to furnish an average of 120 per day for examinations, &amp;c.

Mr. Blaine has not stated correctly my orders on this point. I do not order that boards only draw enough names to furnish and average of 120 per day. I require that such number of drafted shall be notified as will secure an average of 120 per day. (See copy of my instructions herewith, paragraph marked in blue.) So far as I know, there are no boards practicing what Mr. Blaine calls the 'slow process." On the contrary, the general practice is to make the draft about as Mr. Blaine suggests that it should be made; the number drawn at a time, when limited at all, being so limited only by the ability of the provost-marshal to serve the notice on each man within ten days, as required by law. I tried, without success, to get Congress to extend this time for serving notices, as the law in many instances cannot be complied with, especially in districts infested by guerrillas, as in Missouri and Kentucky.

I appreciate the point Mr. Blaine makes, and to b sure will send out additional instructions by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[SEPTEMBER 27, 1864.-For Grant to Stanton, in relation to "the exercise of the right of suffrage by the officers and soldiers of the armies in the field," &c., see Series I, Vol. XLII, Part II, p. 1045.]
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., September 27, 1864.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Fry telegraphs reply to my request to suspend the draft in Missouri during the raid, "he has no authority to do so." Pleas say to the Honorable Secretary of War, the militia being called out, it cannot practically go on, and that the existence of the order is filling the ranks of the invaders, who have brought arms for them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Saint Louis, Mo., September 27, 1864.

General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Some months ago I received the inclosed paper from your office, and supposed that a similar paper had been sent to Colonel alexander for the purpose of adjusting the quotas of troops due from the State of Missouri under any call which might be made by the President.

On inquiry at Colonel Alexander's office I find that no such paper is on file in his office.

