
Are my orders to have such numbers of drafted men notified as will secure an examination by each board of 120 men a day being carried out in all your districts? Answer.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Operator will send similar dispatch to the following acting assistant provost-marshal-general: Captain William Silvey, Concord, N. H.; Brigadier General T. G. Pitcher, Brattleborough, Vt.; Major F. N. Clarke, Boston, Mass.; Colonel F. D. Sewall, Hartford, Conn.; Brigadier General William Hays, New York City; Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Townsend, Albany, N. Y.; Brigadier General A. S. Diven, Elmira, N. Y.; Colonel R. C. buchanan, Trenton, N. J.; Major C. C. Gilbert, Philadelphia, Pa.; apt. R. I. Dodge, Harrisburg, Pa.; Colonel W. H. Browne, Baltimore, Md.; Co.. John Ely, Wheeling, W. Va.; Major W. H. Sidell, Louisville, Ky.; Colonel E. b. Alexander, Saint Louis, Mo.; Co. J. A. Wilcox, Columbus, Ohio; Colonel James G. Jones, Indianapolis, Ind.; Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Springfield, Ill.; Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Hill, Detroit, Mich.; Major Thomas Duncan, Davenport, Iowa; Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Lovell, Madison, Wis.; Lieutenant Colonel John T. Averill, Saint Paul, Minn.)

INDIANAPOLIS, September 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY:

Your telegram of this date received. A copy of your order in relation to notifying men to appear and also addition a instructions were furnished to each provost-marshal. They were not ordered to report on the subject and have not done so. I will inquire and answer further. I greatly fear that their calculations will prove erroneous, as I think many more will fail to appear than they anticipated. I can get no soldiers to serve notices or arrest deserters, and in these neighborhoods, in which deserters will most about, citizens will not serve. Captain R. W. Thompson informs me that on the 26th instant 700 to 1,000 men were in camp on the borders of Sullivan and Clay Counties to consummate and decide whether they should resist or not.

JAS. G. JONES,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Thousands of men in the first and Second Districts re turning out to meet Price and Shelby. We ask, therefore, a suspension of the draft, as there is of all business, until the enemy is driven back and defeated.*

HENRY T. BLOW.

CONCORD, September 28, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have the honor to request that the Eighteenth Regiment, now being organized in the State, be allowed to remain until said organization

---------------

*See Fry to Alexander, September 30, p. 750.

---------------

