
is completed. By granting this I am satisfied that said organization can be completed at a much earlier date than by sending off by companies. It is believed, by report from assistant provost-marshal-general, that the entire quota of the State will be full in about two weeks. From General Orders, Numbers 131, I understand that the regiment is under my control until fully mustered in. I will use all means in my power to fill said regiment with all possible dispatch. I shall retain them here unless I have positive orders from you. Please answer at once by telegraph.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 28, 1864.

Governor GILMORE,

Concord:

Every man must come forward without an hour's delay. the Eighteenth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers cannot be detained to complete the organization, but all enlisted must hasten here now. This Department relies upon your energy and patriotic feeling to urge them on.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, September 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I am gratified to be able to announce to you that I am in possession of certificate of Brigadier-General Hays that all quotas of New York County up to this time are full. We have determined, however, not to relax our efforts to raise men for the national force, but shall continue enlisting in anticipation for any other demand.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORISON BLUNT,

Chairman Volunteer Commission.

CONCORD, September 29, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am in receipt of your dispatch. Two companies of the Eighteenth will leave here to-morrow morning. Three more companies will leave in a day or two-just as soon as we can send them.

J. A. GILMORE.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., September 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY:

There is serious trouble in the Third District, caused by the large number of towns of which each sub-district is composed. Each town's proportion of the whole quota of the sub-district to which it belongs

