
has been accurately determined on the basis of enrollment. Can I authorize the individual town or towns which have filled or may fill their quotas so determined to be omitted from the draft in their respective sub-districts? It will not cause the loss of a man to the Government and will allay all excitement. Please answer quickly.

JAS. OAKES,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 30, 1864-9 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Your letter* in respect to ticket agents reached me this morning. The number of one to each army will be too few to do the work; but it should of course be restricted to the narrowest limit compatible with fair distribution. The regulation prohibiting canvassing, &amp;c., is all right and will be made an express condition. The credentials to authorize a pass from the Department might be from either the State Executive or State committee. I propose to direct the Adjutant-General to issue passes in accordance with these suggestions.

Hooker has been assigned to relieve Heintzelman.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 30, 1864.

Colonel E. B. ALEXANDER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

In localities which are held by the enemy or are infested by armed rebels to such an extent as to defeat the execution of the draft, you will inform yourself of the true situation and draft as soon as it is practicable.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 30, 1864.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

General Grant's reply was only received by me this morning in relation to ticket agents. A limited number accredited by State authorities or State committees will be allowed to go to each army; but General Grant proposes the restriction to one agent for each army, which I think is too small a number, and have so advised him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XLII, Part II, p. 1045.

---------------

