
Fifth. Any officer or private who may wantonly destroy tickets, or prevent their proper distribution among legal voters, interfere with the freedom of election, or make any false or fraudulent return, will be deemed guilty of an offense against good order and military discipline, and be punished by summary dismissal or court-martial.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 1, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My letter on the subject of appointing agents to superintend elections in the Army only gave general views. Whatever orders you make on the subject will be cheerfully carried out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 1, 1 864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Springfield, Ill.:

In reference to the subject in Third District, you can omit from draft any town which furnishes its full quota. This amounts practically to making each town a sub-district, which is authorized by law, and which you had better do, when practicable, wherever it is descried.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General FRY:

Captain Meriweather, provost-marshal Second District, telegraphs from Jeffersonville to-day that there is an uprising in Orange and Crawford Counties. Five hundred men assembled to resist draft, and armed, taking horses, arms, and money from citizens and home guards, and have sent runners for re-enforcements. The regiment of the Veteran Reserve Corps mentioned in your telegram of September 29 have not reported.

J. G. JONES,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Provost-marshal reports resistance to serving notices in counties drafted wherein it was supposed notices might be served. This will in many cases prevent the serving of all the notices within the legal ten days. May not an order of the Secretary of War extend the time for serving them in consideration of armed resistance?

W. H. SIDELL,

Major Fifteenth U. S. Infantry.

