
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 285. Washington, October 6, 1864.

First. The attention of officers and soldiers of the Army of the United States, whether volunteer or regular, is directed to the Executive order, dated September 24, 1864, and they will in all respects observe the same; and the commanders of all military departments, districts, posts, and detachments, will upon receipt of this order revoke all other orders within their respective commands conflicting or inconsistent therewith, and will make such orders as will insure the strict observance of this order throughout their respective commands.

Second. All commanders of military departments, districts, posts, and detachments will render such aid to the officers and agents of the Treasury Department in carrying out the provisions of the said order and the Treasury regulations therein referred to as can be given without injury or prejudice to the military service.

Third. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department, upon the written application of the duly authorized agents of the Treasury Department, or of persons authorized by them, may furnish transportation, by land or water, for collecting and forwarding to market articles of produce within the insurrectionary States specified within the aforesaid order, upon such reasonable terms as may be prescribed by the Quartermaster-General, when the same can be done without prejudice to the military service, and not otherwise. The application for transportation must be first approved by the commander of the department, district, post, or detachment wherein the articles are received.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 6, 1864.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

The following order has been made by the President, and the Adjutant-General is preparing certificates for the officers and soldiers of your State, which will be forwarded to you for distribution.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governor of Illinois, Governor of Iowa, and Governor of Wisconsin.)

Special Executive order returning thanks to the volunteers for 100 days from the States of Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, October 1, 1864.

The term of 100 days, for which volunteers from the States of Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin volunteered, under the call of their respective Governors, in the months of May and June, to aid in the recent campaign of General Sherman, having expired, the President directs an official acknowledgment to be made of their patriotic service. It was their good fortune to render efficient service in the brilliant operations in the Southwest, and to contribute to the victories of

