
the national arms over the rebel forces in Georgia under command of Johnson and Hood. On all occasions, and in every service to which they were assigned, their duty as patriotic volunteers was performed with alacrity and courage, for which they are entitled to and are hereby tendered the national thanks through the Governors of their respective States.

The Secretary of War is directed to transmit a copy of this order to the Governors of Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, and to cause a certificate of their Honorable service to be delivered to the officers and soldiers of the States above named, who recently served in the military force of the United States as volunteers for 100 days.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

CONCORD, N. H., October 6, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It has been intimated by U. S. officials here that the War Department will give no further time to complete the organization of the Eighteenth New Hampshire, and Captain Silvey refuses to muster regimental officers to which the number [of] men mustered into regiment entitles us. Is this by your instructions? I trust not, for if the five companies which I have just sent to the field without organization, at your urgent request, should be consolidated with another regiment, volunteering would receive its death blow in New Haother company except by draft. I have complied with every request of yours in regard to this last call. All I ask in return is that the organization of the Eighteenth may be completed. I will fill it to the maximum with New Hampshire men.

J. A. GILMORE.

WARA DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 7, 1864.

Governor J. A. GILMORE,

Concord, N. H.:

I regret to learn through Captain Silvey that volunteering is nearly at a stand-still in your State. I sincerely hope you will be able to keep it going long enough to fill up the Eighteenth Regiment and the artillery companies.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., October 8, 1864.

It is now said that under present instructions in recruiting from prisoners at Rock Island the names of those willing to enlist have to be first ascertained and sent here, and then an order from here for their examination and muster of such as are found suitable.

It is proposed to change this so that the ascertainment of names, examination, and muster can all be gone through with there, under the supervision of Colonel Johnson and Captain Rathbone, thus saving much time and trouble.

It is also proposed that the restriction in the President's order limiting the recruits to persons of foreign and Northern birth be

