
records complete and well kept. I should say that he is a capital good officer; everything about the office seemed to be in order and the business done in a systematic form. Captain Cowgill thinks the feeling in the State and district against the draft is fast diminishing and that there will be no trouble.

The Sons of Liberty are officered in this district; one L. P. Milligan, of Allen County, is major-general, and Jacob Gosshon is a colonel and resides in Huntington, Huntington County.

Gosshon accepted this appointment of colonel through the advice of Captain Cowgill, and the doings of the order are regularly reported to him. I learned that the Sons of Liberty have some 1,800 self-loading rifles purchased in Canada, and are to be shipped to Toledo, and from there to the point of their destination by canal. Men in Wabash and Huntington and Wells, Adams, and Allen Counties are concerned in this transaction.

I attended a Union mass-meeting at the county seat of Huntington County, for the purpose of hearing what was said by those who attended, out of curiosity. I did not hear a word said against the draft or a threat made, although there was a large turn-out from both parties and from four different counties whose reputation stands as bad as any in the State, perhaps the Seventh District excepted. I advised Captain Cowgill to hire some shrewd men to work in with Gosshon and ascertain when these arms are to be shipped, and when the opportunities offer to seize them.

I took a private conveyance and drove into Wells County, in the Eleventh District, and Allen and Whitley Counties, in the Tenth District, and Marshall County, in the Ninth District. I did not learn anything which need excite the fears of any man. I found that they had had a meeting in Marshall County, at Plymouth, got drunk, had a fight. I also found that a lawyer in Plymouth who holds a colonel's commission in the Sons of Liberty, and who had at different times exhorted the men to resist the draft, and who publicly said that if drafted he would die on his own doorstep before he would go or furnish a substitute, was drafted and had paid $ 1,000 for a substitute for one year, without going before the Board to be examined, although he had a hernia which would entitle him to his exemption, as I was informed. I conversed with many in the Eleventh, Tenth, and Ninth Districts of the copperhead stripe, and I am convinced that there will not be any trouble to speak of.

I next went to La Porte, the headquarters of the Ninth District; found that the office had been removed to Michigan City, and the drafted men area ordered to report there.

I took a private conveyance from La Porte to Michigan City, and called at the office of the provost-marshal, and found he was away in some other county. I made an inspection of the office; found that there had not been an entry made in the record book of the Board of Enrollment since July 16, 1864. The other records are very well kept, and, on the whole, a very fair office. The office is about two miles from Michigan City, in some old barracks owned by the Government; it is a convenient place for men to make their escape. There was quite a number of men reported the day I was there; they were a fine set of men, and all appeared cheerful. I mixed in with them before going into the office to hear what was said, if anything. I did not hear of a single word of complaint, but all took their chances good- naturedly. There were 120 men notified to appear at this office last Sunday. I told the Board that in my opinion the Provost- Marshal-General would

