
the General Assembly of Kentucky, thus greatly reducing the number of enrolled militia in the State as shown by the census of 1860. The quotas for troops under the calls of 1861 and 1862 were assigned, we understand, in conformity with that census return. Kentucky, however, having lost such an immense proportion of her strength, this assignment was manifestly unjust.

Steps are being taken to learn as accurately as possible the number thus expatriated, on which we will ask a revision of our entire proportion from the beginning. The justice of this proceeding we think is apparent and cannot work detrimentally to our great cause. I write this to inform you of our action. Our enlistments are progressing rapidly and we hope to escape the ignominy of a draft by receiving the justice we now seek from the Government, and by pressing strenuously the recruiting throughout the State.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Adjutant-General of Kentucky.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of yesterday directing me to carry into execution the President's order to send a transport to the island of Vache, on the coast of San Domingo, to bring to Washington City, with their effects, such of the colored colonists as desire to return to this country.

The ship Maria L. Day has been chartered in the port of New York. She is being fitted, victualed, and watered as for a voyage to Aspinwall by the Windward Passage, to bring to Boston 500 troops.

I have directed Major Van Vliet, quartermaster at New York, to hold the ship ready to take on board the officer who may be designated to go in her, and to obey his orders to stop at any other port than Aspinwall, and to proceed in any direction he may order.

I respectfully name Captain Edward L. Hartz, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, as the officer to receive the special instructions to be given as by the order of the President.

I propose to order Captain Hartz to proceed at once to New York to report to Major Van Vliet and receive from him the charge of the ship, and to proceed in her under the inclosed instructions.

I respectfully suggest the propriety of ordering an assistant surgeon and a guard of a subaltern and twenty men and non- commissioned officers of the Invalid Corps to proceed on the ship.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1864.

Captain EDWARD L. HARTZ,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army:

You will open the inclosed sealed order when you reach the latitude of 20 degrees north on your voyage in the Maria L. Day, via the

