
of the offices they informed me that there had not been an inspector there until Doctor McKibbin was there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. RILEY,

U. S. Special Agent.

STATE OF IOWA, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Des Moines, October 8, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee, East Point, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your requisition for drafted men for Iowa regiments in the Army of the Tennessee, and the accompanying letter of September 23.

You are doubtless aware that the distribution of drafted men and volunteer recruits is taken entirely out of the hands of State Executives and made under the sole direction of the War Department. I have, therefore, no control whatever over the subject, and can only unite with you in requesting that the regiments designated be filled up as far as the number of men furnished by the State will go.

The actual number of men due from this State under the late call, after deducting the excesses furnished over former calls, is less than 4,000. You will perceive, therefore, that if the regiments serving under your command should receive the entire number obtained, it will fall considerably short of filling your requisition. In my opinion, it is the policy of the Government to send the new levies into the department where they are most needed for immediate and active service, and distribute them to those regiments which have done the most work and sustained the heaviest losses.

No one can appreciate more fully than I do the great services performed by the gallant Army of the Tennessee and its high claims to the grateful consideration of the country. My admiration of this army is essentially increased by the fact that many Iowa regiments, to whose heroic achievements the State is vastly indebted for the high place it occupied in the history of this war, have been associated with it from its earliest organization, and have borne a conspicuous part in all the memorable campaigns which have crowned the soldiers of the Northwest with such imperishable honor.

Entertaining these feelings myself, and knowing it to be universally shared in by the loyal people of our State, and having a soldier's warmest affection for the noble men who have survived those perilous campaigns, I should fail in doing justice to my convictions of duty did I not join with you in earnestly recommending that their now thinned ranks be speedily filled.

Thanking you, general, for this evidence of your kind feelings toward these brave regim assured you constantly manifest in their welfare and good name,

I remain, very truly, yours,

W. M. STONE.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 9, 1864.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that orders have been issued directing Brigadier General Thomas G. Pitcher, U. S. Volunteers, to proceed

