
to Indianapolis and enter upon duty as provost-marshal-general of Indiana.

General Pitcher has special fitness for these duties and has had experience in conducting two drafts in Vermont, and I am satisfied that his assignment will prove of advantage both to the State and to the General Government. I hope it will prove agreeable to Your Excellency, and I solicit for General Pitcher in the performance of his duties Your Excellency's advice and assistance.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[OCTOBER 9, 1864. - For Rosecrans" General Orders, Numbers 192, organizing Provisional Enrolled Militia of Missouri, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part III, p. 725.]

[OCTOBER 9, 1864. - For Curtis" General Orders, Numbers 53, promulgating Governor Carney's proclamation calling out the militia of Kansas, see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 468.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 268. Washington, October 10, 1864.

Hereafter when discharged soldiers are again enlisted the recruiting officer will enter the fact of such re-enlistment, with the date and place at which it was made, upon the certificate of discharge from his former enlistment, which the soldier ought to have in his possession.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 10, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF IOWA,

Davenport, Iowa:

Your letter of 6th instant received. You are authorized by the Department to raise a regiment of volunteer infantry from the discharged 100-days" men on following conditions:

First. The men may enlist for one, two, or three years, as they may elect.

Second. Bounties will be paid as prescribed in Circular Numbers 27, from the Provost-Marshal-General's Office.

Third. Recruitment must be conducted by successive companies; that is, one company must be completed and ready for field before another is commenced.

Fourth. Organizations and musters must be governed by existing regulations.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

