
SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864.

General J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

In view of the unsettled condition of affairs in Missouri, I find it impracticable to proceed with the draft in any but the First District, and in that but slowly. A great number of the able- bodied men of the State are now in the field as militia who are being drafted. It would in my opinion be impolitic to take them from a position where at present they are so much needed. I am in hopes that in a few days I shall be able to proceed with the draft in most if not all the districts. I have conversed with General Rosecrans, who fully concurs with me.

E. B. ALEXANDER,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

CHESTER, VT., October 10, 1864.

General J. B. FRY:

Your telegram reached me here. I return home to-day. I shall do all I can to fill the Eighteenth Regiment and Twelfth Company of Heavy Artillery, but can"t get another man unless I am able to promise that the organization of the Eighteenth shall be completed and preserved. Am ready to continue the payment of State bounties and shall urge our towns to do the same, even after their quotas are full.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 10, 1864.

Governor J. A. GILMORE,

Concord, N. H.:

Your telegram received. You say you cannot get another man unless you are able to promise that the organization of the Eighteenth shall be completed and preserved. Its completion and preservation are urged and desired by this Department. Its preservation is, of course, dependent in a certain degree upon its completion, and hence my dispatch to you asking your special aid in completing it.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. COMR. FOR ORGANIZATION U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Nashville, Tenn., October 10, 1864.

Major C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of the Colored Bureau,

Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C.:

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from your office dated September 29, ultimo, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this office during the past year. In so doing I shall, for the sake of unity and to facilitate my work, commence with the

