
March, 1864, reported to Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Donaldson, chief quartermaster, for duty at this place. The Seventeenth U. S. Colored Infantry reported to him for the same duty early in April of the same year. I subjoin a report from Brevet Brigadier- General Donaldson, showing the amount of duty performed by these men and the manner in which it was done.*

In February, 1864, Adjutant-General Thomas authorized the formation of an invalid or laboring regiment at this post, to be composed of men unfit for field duty, but fit for ordinary garrison duty. This regiment, the One hundred and first, has done fatigue duty, and some of the so-to-speak business duties of soldiers.

The Adjutant-General also authorized the formation of such a regiment at Chattanooga about the same time. This regiment (the Forty-second) has been engaged chiefly the last summer in the hospital gardens. The Forty-second U. S. Colored Infantry did considerable fatigue duty at Chattanooga during its organization.

OTHER REGIMENTS.

The Forty-second and One hundred and first are invalid or laboring regiments, composed of men unfit for field duty but fit for ordinary garrison duty, either enlisted as such or transferred to these from other regiments. The Forty-second Regiment was organized at Chattanooga, the One hundred and first Regiment at Nashville. There are in the Forty-second Regiment about 400 men, and in the One hundred and first about 600. The One hundred and first furnishes guards for the contraband camp at this place and Clarksville.

The Forty-fourth Regiment was authorized to be raised by Major General George H. Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, under date of March 2, 1864. It was at Chattanooga for some time, but about the middle of July moved to Rome, Ga., where it was rapidly recruited to the minimum. It is now garrisoning Dalton, Ga.

The One hundredth Regiment is composed of the first colored men openly recruited in Kentucky. It was organized in June last. It was ordered to report to me for recruiting duty by the Adjutant- General, but there being a demand for more troops on the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad, on the 9th of August last it was turned over to Brigadier-General Webster, chief of staff to Major-General Sherman, and now nine companies are on that road. The other company is doing duty at Camp Foster, at this place.

The Fortieth Infantry have their history prior to Major Stearns reporting here. Governor Johnson had begun to raise a regiment of Tennessee troops (colored); one or two companies were formed. These were turned over to me by the adjutant-general of the State, General Gillem. I proposed to use them as the nucleus of the Ninth U. S. Colored Artillery, to be raised under orders from the Adjutant-General, but circumstances induced me to request that the regiment be retained as an infantry regiment. This was ordered by the Adjutant-General upon the recommendation of the chief of the Colored Bureau. Two companies of the Fortieth are on duty on the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad. A detachment is doing duty upon the Louisville and Nashville Railroad near Gallatin. The regiment has about 400 men.

When Major-General Grant was at Knoxville last winter General Davis Tillson applied for permission to raise a regiment of colored

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

