
Windward Passage toward Aspinwall, and until you reach latitude 26 degrees north will not make it known that you have such orders.

In case of sickness you will place this package in such a position as to be seen and opened by the next officer in rank and command on board the ship.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1864.

Captain EDWARD L. HARTZ,

Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed in the U. S. transport ship Maria L. Day to the island of La Vache, on the southwest coast of Saint Domingo, put yourself in communication with the colored colonists of the United States upon that island, and taking on board such, and such only, as desire to return to the United States, will bring them and their property to the port of Washington, D. C.

Upon arriving at Washington you will anchor in the stream and report in person for further orders.

Inclosed you have a copy of the orders of the President of the United States of the 1st of February, and of the Secretary of War of the 3rd of February, under which these instructions are given.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1864.

His Excellency Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Can you raise promptly forty companies of infantry, to be combined by you into regiments as fast as companies are completed? If so, please enter upon it at once and complete the undertaking as soon as possible.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SPRINGFIELD, February 4, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The State of Illinois has two regiments and eight independent batteries. I respectfully request authority to raise four more batteries and organize a third regiment. I don"t think Illinois has had the privilege of raising her portion of artillery, and I am anxious to raise four more batteries. I shall consider it a great privilege to do so.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

---------------

* See p. 75.

---------------

