
this, along with contrabands of all sorts, colored soldiers were put. A new general hospital for colored troops is now building here. It will be completed in a few weeks. It is fully equal to any of the hospitals here. When completed I will forward a full description of it. The thanks of the colored soldiers who shall be inmates of this building are due to Doctor W. Clendenin, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, assistant medical director of this department, for his exertions to procure this hospital, and the interest he has shown in their welfare and that of their race. Until Doctor Clendenin came here the colored nurses in the hospitals had never received any pay. He remedied that evil.

WORK OF OFFICE.

I find by reference to my books that up to the 1st instant there have been sent from this office, 1,062 official letters and 1,224 indorsements, besides references of applications to the examining board.

MUSTERING.

The mustering of these troops and officers has been done chiefly by Lieutenant Ernest, Thirteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, under my supervision. He has not had clerical force enough to keep his records and returns up with the work done.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT.

I desire to put upon record my appreciation of the courtesy and assistance extended to me by the general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi and the departments thereof and their respective staffs.

I also desire to make special recognition of the valuable assistance given to this organization by Brigadier-General Webster, chief of staff to General Sherman; Lieutenant-Colonel Bowers, assistant adjutant-general on the staff of (then Major, now Lieutenant) General Grant, commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi; Captain J. Bates Dickson, assistant adjutant-general on the staff of Major-Generals Rosecrans and Thomas, successively commanding the Department of the Cumberland; Lieutenant-Colonel (now Brevet Brigadier-General) Donaldson, chief quartermaster of this department, and his chief assistant, Captain J. F. Rusling; Surgeon Clendenin, U. S. Volunteers; Mr. J. C. Mercer, editor of the Nashville Times, and Mr. Fowler, comptroller of the State. These gentlemen have personally aided my predecessor and myself with advice and sympathy, and officially with all the resources at their command, and have been constant and true friends to the colored troops.

My assistant, Captain Cochrane, has been invaluable. While an enlisted man he was detailed to Major Stearns as secretary and was familiar with Major Stearns" operations in the East, and has been connected with the operations here from their inception. Faithful, intelligent, energetic, and interested in the work, he has done much to make the work here the success which I think it has been.

PERSONAL.

Originally coming here as Major Stearns" mustering officer, when he left for Washington in November last, appointed, temporarily, and

