
he is the constant aim of the sharpshooters of the enemy and guerrillas who line the river banks. We believe that as much peril is incident to his position as he would be likely to incur in the ranks.

In view of the foregoing your petitioner respectfully prays, if consistent with the discharge of public duty, that you will cause such steps to be taken and such orders to be given as will exempt the members of this association from the operations of the draft.

By the order and in behalf of the Western Boatmen's Benevolent Association:

J. W. BRYAN,

President.

WM. J. KRIBBEN,

Secretary.

EXHIBIT.

Being copy of order directed to the secretary of the association.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT,

Saint Louis, October 5, 1864.

W. J. KRIBBEN,

Secretary of Pilots" Association:

SIR: The Government has put in service thirteen steamers for service between heu will please hold all pilots for Government service and report at this office at once in person.

Respectfully,

L. S. METCALF,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, October 12, 1864.

I am satisfied that the services of pilots are more important to us in their profession than as soldiers, and they ought to be retained in their professional employments by exempting them from draft in the manner herein requested, or by mustering those out of service who may be drafted. The last would probably be the less objectionable, and could be effected by an order to Provost- Marshal-General Fry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

I have had my attention called to the matter of exemption of pilots in the Western rivers from the draft. They have been drafted again and again for service in the Navy, and I am inclined to think that their services are too valuable to the country and to commerce to admit of their being used as soldiers.

FRANK P. BLAIR.

STATE OF MISSOURI,

County of Saint Louis, ss:

Personally appeared before me, John Jecko, a notary public, duly commissioned and qualified within and for the county aforesaid, William J. Kribben, of lawful age, who, being duly sworn, upon his oath states that the within and foregoing is a true copy of the memorial delivered on or about the 12th day of October, A. D. 1864, to Colonel

