
many, at least in instances, the records have been seized and destroyed by the enemy.

Every loyal man, even those below and above the military age, are now in the service and will have to remain therein for yet some time to come.

Under the circumstances it will be well to credit the State for those men who have been heretofore thrown out in the adjustment, and trust to the stimulant given to volunteering by the late invasion of Price.

I waive the arguments that might be presented on the score of policy, for the reason that in our present condition those arguments will present themselves to every one.

Your friend and obedient servant,

J. B. HENDERSON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to transmit to you the inclosed copies of communications received by the Department of State from Mr. L. de Geofroy, the charge d"affaires of France, and to request you to inform this Department of your views as to the advisability of permitting French subjects residing in the insurrectionary districts of the United States to pass through our lines at City Point or any other place that may be designated for the purpose by you.

The Secretary of War believes that unless the proposed arrangement should be found incompatible with important military considerations, it would be expedient to furnish every proper facility for the withdrawal from the South of the class of persons spoken of in these communications.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

LEGATION OF FRANCE TO THE UNITED STATES.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp; c.:

SIR: I have the honor to send to you the note, in terms upon which we agreed this morning, on the subject of Frenchmen who emigrate from the Southern States.

I seize this occasion to offer to Your Excellency the fresh assurances of my high consideration.

L. DE GEOFROY.

[Sub-inclosure. - Translation.]

The subjects of France residing in the Southern States are daily placed in the dilemma by the local authorities of taking service in the Confederate Army or of leaving the country. Many among them have declared their purpose to adopt the latter alternative, but the Government at Richmond, in turn, interposes objections, not permitting them to pass the frontiers by land. It duly authorizes them

