
The Governors of Florida and Alabama have, as well as Governor Brown, recently ordered foreigners to enroll themselves or leave the State. It seems to be feared that the Governor of South Carolina may imitate their example. I received yesterday a petition signed by thirty-three French subjects, to beg me to get them away from the Confederacy. They are furious, and complain that the French Government does nothing for them.

I will be much obliged to you to bring these different facts to the knowledge of the proper quarter.

A. LANEN.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 13, 1864.

Colonel W. H. BROWNE,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Baltimore, Md.:

Proceed with the draft in all deficient sub-districts in Maryland except Hagerstown, and continue until the quotas are filled.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

A PROCLAMATION BY HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR.

While it is my privilege to announce to the people of New Hampshire that the quota of our State under all calls is now substantially filled, I would urge upon our citizens the necessity of laboring with unremitting diligence till the Eighteenth Regiment of Infantry and Twelfth Company of Heavy Artillery are filled to the maximum. To complete these organizations we now require about 600 men, and we are allowed by the War Department thirty days in which to fill the ranks and complete the organization of these bodies. Prompt, energetic, and experienced officers have been designated to the command of the regiment and company, and the Executive will spare no pains to fill them with New Hampshire men. The Honorable council have voted unanimously to continue the payment of State bounty of $ 100, $ 200, and $ 300 to one, two, and three years" men, and instructed me to impress upon the towns the importance of similar action. Will not our local authorities anticipate the wants of the Government, and even though no call is made, no draft is pending, send to the assistance of our noble brethren in the field the few men required to complete those organizations which have been so auspiciously begun?

Believing that it is no time to measure and weigh our obligations to our country, and that the people of New Hampshire have no disposition to do so, I have promised the War Department that the Eighteenth Regiment shall be filled in thirty days.

Given at the council chamber in Concord this 13th day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- four, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty- ninth.

JOSEPH A. GILMORE,

Governor.

By His Excellency the Governor:

ALLEN TENNY,

Secretary of State.

