
the treasurer of the hospital, in such form as shall be prescribed by the Surgeon-General, for the amount due from him to the hospital. At the time of payment, if the officer has not left the hospital, the treasurer shall present duplicate certificates of indebtedness to the paymaster who pays the hospital, to be cashed and paid by him to the treasurer, who shall furnish triplicate receipts - two to the paymaster, as his vouchers for the payment, and one to be forwarded by the treasurer direct to the Paymaster-General's Office. The paymaster will deduct from the officer's pay the amount paid over to the treasurer.

If the officer leaves the hospital before the time of payment, the treasurer will, as soon as he leaves, transmit the third certificate to the Paymaster-General for the senior paymaster of the district in which the officer's command or station may be, and the amount will be stopped from his pay, at his next regular payment after his return to his command. The paymaster who pays the hospital will, as above provided, pay to the treasurer the amount of the indebtedness. When officers under treatment quit the hospital on leave of absence or by discharge from the service, the amount of indebtedness, paid and unpaid, shall be indorsed on the leave of absence or upon the order of discharge, for the guidance of the paymaster, by the treasurer or surgeon in charge.

The following paragraph will be added to General Orders, Numbers 127:

X. Every officer shall certify, on every pay account, that all dues to the United States for hospital indebtedness have been paid by him.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 272. Washington, October 15, 1864.

Hereafter no details for the volunteer recruiting service will be made, except by the War Department. Details made otherwise will not be recognized by superintendents of recruiting service.

General Orders, Numbers 88, series of 1862, from this office, is hereby amended accordingly.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL

FOR MARYLAND AND DELAWARE,

Baltimore, October 16, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Washington, D. C.:

The draft will proceed without further delay in all deficient sub-districts, except Hagerstown. Your order suspending all proceedings in the Fourth Congressional District prevented the examination of men previously drafted therein. In Baltimore the drafted men mostly escaped before notice could be served upon them or they could be arrested, while forbearance from day to day stimulated volunteering, and thus nearly filled the quota.

WM. H. BROWNE,

Colonel and A. A. P. M. G. for Maryland and Delaware.

50 R R - SERIES III, VOL IV

