
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A PROCLAMATION.

It has pleased Almighty God to prolong our national life another year, defending us with His guardian care against unfriendly designs from abroad, and vouchsafing to us in His mercy many and signal victories over the enemy, who is of our own household. It has also pleased our Heavenly Father to favor as well our citizens in their homes as our soldiers in their camps, and our sailors on the rivers and seas, with unusual health. He has largely augmented our free population by emancipation and by immigration, while He has opened to us new sources of wealth, and has crowned the labor of our workingmen in every department of industry with abundant rewards. Moreover, He has been pleased to animate and inspire our minds and hearts with fortitude, courage, and resolution sufficient for the great trial of civil war into which we have been brought by our adherence as a nation to the cause of freedom and humanity, and to afford to us reasonable hopes of an ultimate and happy deliverance from all our dangers and afflictions:

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do hereby appoint and set apart the last Thursday of November next as a day which I desire to be observed by all my fellow-citizens, wherever they may then be, as a day of thanksgiving and praise to Almighty God, the beneficent Creator and Ruler of the universe. And I do further recommend to my fellow-citizens aforesaid that on that occasion they do reverently humble themselves in the dust, and from thence offer up penitent and fervent prayers and supplications to the Great Disposer of events for a return of the inestimable blessings of peace, union, and harmony throughout the land which it has pleased Him to assign as a dwelling-place for ourselves and for our posterity throughout all generations.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this twentieth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-ninth.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

ADJT. GEN'S. OFFICE, BUREAU FOR COLORED TROOPS,

October 20, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

SIR: The following report of the operations of this Bureau during the past year is respectfully submitted:

Since my last annual report the organization and recruitment of colored troops have steadily advanced; many new regiments have been mustered in and the older regiments, reduced by service, have been strengthened by volunteer enlistments and the assignment of drafted men and substitutes. On the 31st of October, 1863, the date of my last annual report, there were, as shown by the official returns on file in this office, 58 regimental organizations, with a total strength of 37,707. According to the same data, there are at the present time in

