
I commend the subject to your most favorable consideration, with a belief that store-rooms for artillery and small-arms of all kinds have now become, more than ever, of immense importance to the military profession.

The examination of the cadets of the Academy was held, as usual, in the month of June.

Twenty-seven cadets were graduated and have entered the Army.

The report of the Board of Visitors who attended the examination has not yet been received at this Bureau.

A list of the officers of the institution is hereto appended.*

FORTIFICATIONS.+

* * * * * * *

TEMPORARY SEA-COAST DEFENSES.

In the preceding statements several cases have been mentioned of cities, towns, or positions that it has been found requisite to defend by temporary works against the possible attack of the cruisers of the insurgents, in anticipation of the period when, under ordinary circumstances, they would have been supplied with permanent defenses.

A number of other cases of this kind will now be summarily specified:

Eastport, Me., has been defended with two temporary batteries, mounting five guns each. Machias Port, Me., has been defended with one temporary, of five guns. Castine, Me., has been defended by one battery of five guns. Belfast, Me., is defended by two five-gun batteries. Rockland, Me., is furnished with two five-gun batteries. Newburyport, Mass., is supplied with one battery mounting nine guns. Gloucester, Mass., is defended by two works and a platform battery, mounting in all twenty-three guns. Marblehead, Mass., is defended by two works, mounting fifteen guns. Salem, Mass., is defended by three works, mounting twenty guns, a portion of which contribute to the defense of Beverly Harbor. Plymouth, Mass., is defended by two works, mounting twelve guns. Provincetown Harbor, Mass., is defended by two inclosed batteries, mounting nine guns. San Francisco, Cal. - Besides the permanent defenses in progress in this harbor, the following temporary works have been constructed during the past year: At Point San Jose, two batteries, mounting twelve guns; at Point Stewart, Angel Island, a battery mounting four guns; at Point Knox, Angel Island, a battery of ten guns, and at Point Blunt, Angel Island, a battery to mount seven guns.

Many of these defenses are inclosed works. Roads have been cut, wharves built, quarters constructed, and the necessary magazines, bomb-proofs, and traverses provided to contribute to the defense and the accommodation of the gunners.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.

MEMORANDUM.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 21, 1864.

It is the evident intention of the law authorizing the payment of $ 2 to any soldier who should re-enlist within one month of the expira

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Descriptions omitted.

---------------

