
color-bearer, who only surrendered as Sergeant Westerhold was about to shoot him; this at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Now second lieutenant of this regiment.

2. Sergt. George H. Dore, Company D, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, captured the flag of an unknown regiment at Gettysburg July 3, 1863. The color was struck down by a shell as the enemy were charging, and Sergeant Dore rushed out and seized it, exposing himself to our own and the enemy's fire. Now present.

3. Private Jerry Wall, Company B, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, captured a flag from the enemy at Gettysburg July 3, 1863; particulars unknown, as Private Wall is now absent, a prisoner of war.

4. Private Michael Burke, Company D, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, seized the colors of an unknown regiment as his regiment was advancing over the enemy's works at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864, went on with his regiment, and was shortly afterward dangerously wounded. Now absent, wounded.

5. Private George W. Harris, Company B, One hundred and forty- eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured the colors of an unknown regiment at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864, and, after wresting them from the color-bearer, shot a man, probably an officer, who attempted to seize them; then turned the colors over to the colonel of his regiment. Present.

6. Sergt. Albert Marsh, Company B, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, captured a set of colors, regiment unknown, at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Afterward lost a leg by a shell wound. Absent, wounded.

7. First Sergt. James Wiley, Company B, Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, captured the colors of a Georgia regiment at Gettysburg July 3, 1863, advancing under fire. Now prisoner of war.

8. Sergt. Major William B. Hincks, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, captured the colors of the Fourteenth Tennessee Regiment at Gettysburg July 3, 1863, during the assault on the Second Corps. Now adjutant of regiment.

9. Private E. W. Bacon, Company F, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, captured the flag of the Sixteenth North Carolina Regiment at Gettysburg July 3, 1863, during the assault on the Second Corps. Now corporal in regiment.

10. Corpl. Christopher Flynn, Company K, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, captured the flag of the Fifty-second North Carolina Regiment at Gettysburg July 3, 1863, during the assault upon the Second Corps. Present.

11. Private Marshall Sherman, Company C, First Minnesota Volunteers, captured the flag of the Fifty-eighth Virginia at Gettysburg July 13, 1863, with the lieutenant in charge, during the assault on the Second Corps. Now absent, wounded.

12. Private John B. Mayberry, Company F, First Delaware Volunteers, captured a flag, regiment now known, at Gettysburg July 3, 1863, during the assault on the Second Corps. Now absent, wounded.

13. Private Bernard McCarren, Company C, First Delaware Veteran Volunteers, captured a flag, regiment not known, at Gettysburg July 3, 1863, during the assault upon the Second Corps.

14. Private John H. Weeks, Company H, One hundred and fifty- second New York Volunteers, captured a flag, regiment not known, together with the color-bearer, at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Now present.

