
30. Sergt. Joseph B. Kemp, Company D, Fifth Michigan, captured the flag of the Thirty-first North Carolina Regiment, tearing it from the staff, which was retained by the color-bearer, at the Wilderness May 6, 1864. Now absent, prisoner of war.

31. Private Francis A. Biship, Company C, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured a flag, regiment unknown, at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Present.

32. Sergt. Stephen Rought, Company A, One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured the flag of the Thirteenth North Carolina Regiment from the color-bearer in the enemy's breast-works at the Wilderness May 6, 1864. Now absent in general hospital at Philadelphia.

33. Corpl. Charles L. Russell, Company H, Ninety-third New York Volunteers, captured the flag of the Forty-second Virginia Regiment, shooting the color-bearer, in the breast-works as we were charging the enemy at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Now present.

34. Corpl. John M. Kinding, Company A, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured the flag of the Twenty-eighth North Carolina from the color-sergeant during the charge at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Now present.

35. Private Thomas Robinson, Company H, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured the colors of an unknown regiment at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864, after a desperate hand-to-hand conflict. now absent, wounded.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS.

1. Private John N. Opel, Company G, Seventh Indiana Volunteers, captured the flag of the Fiftieth Virginia Regiment at the Wilderness May 5, 1864, while driving the enemy. Flag sent to War Department. Present.

2. Corpl. Horace A. Ellis, Company A, Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, captured the flag of the Sixteenth Mississippi Regiment at the Weldon railroad August 21, 1864. The flag was torn up by the color-bearer before it was captured. Flag sent to War Department. Present.

3. Corpl. Frank A. Waller, Company I, Sixth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, captured the flag of the Second Mississippi Regiment near Gettysburg July 1, 1863. While the brigade was making a charge Corporal Waller advanced and captured the flag; he stood on it and fired three times before taking it up. Flag sent to First Army Corps headquarters. Present.

4. Private James T. Jennings, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, captured the flag of the Fifty-fifth North Carolina Regiment while advancing the skirmish line near the Yellow Tavern, on the Weldon railroad, August 20, 1864. Present.

5. Sergt. James B. Thompson, Company G, First Pennsylvania Rifles, captured the flag of the Fifteenth Georgia Regiment at Gettysburg July 3, 1863. Now present, prisoner of war.

NINTH ARMY CORPS.

1. Sergt. Jeremiah Mahoney, Company A, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, captured the colors of the Seventeenth Mississippi at Fort Sanders, Knoxville, Tenn., November 29, 1863. Mustered out of service.

52 R R-SERIES III, VOL IV

