
These trains, except where worked by the Signal Corps, are not worked at all. They are acknowledged a valuable auxiliary to the signal service; were introduced by and render that service complete.

It is therefore recommended that they be returned to the corps.

OPERATIONS OF THE CORPS.

Department and Army of the Tennessee.-Between the 10th and 20th of June last Captain Howard's detachment succeeded in reading a number of rebel signal messages while the army was lying near Big Shanty, Ga. These messages were sent in a code adopted by the enemy while in that vicinity. By this means it was discovered that Lieutenant Bellinger was chief signal officer with the rebel army in that front, and that Major P. B. Lee and Colonel G. A. Henry were assistant inspectors-general, detailed to watch the movements of the Army of the Tennessee from Kenesaw Mountain, and to report by signals, from which it would seem the enemy does not instruct this duty to his signal officers. The first intimation of General Polk's death was received by rebel signals. Colonel Henry and Major Lee kept General McPherson constantly informed of the movements of the armies of the Cumberland and Ohio, their dispatches being always received by him before he received information from any other source.

While our army was in position in front of Kenesaw Mountain, communication by signals was established from headquarters of Generals Thomas and McPHerson to those of Generals Howard and Hooker. Afterward when the army pushed forward on the right and left of the Kenesaw, a station was established near General McPherson's headquarters, which communicated with one on Pine Mountain, and through that station to the headquarters of General Thomas. It also communicated with a station of observation on Bushy Mountain, in General Blair's front, the highest point on the line, and through that station with Garrard's and General Blair's headquarters.

This line proved of the greatest importance. Upon arriving before Atlanta stations of observation were established overlooking the city and the enemy's works, from which much valuable information was transmitted to the commanding general. From one of these stations, on the 21st of July, Lieutenant C. Stickney reported to General Leggett that the enemy was moving all available forces to our left.

On the 22nd the enemy attacked our army in front, flank, and rear. Lieuts. c. Conard and C. Stickney were in charge of a station in General Leggett's front, from which they communicated to the headquarters of General Blair. This station was entirely uncovered by the falling back of the left at the time of the attack o our left and rear, but their station was held until the last moment and messages were transmitted to General Blair from General Leggett and Smith unlank, and rear. So nearly were they surrounded that the last messages sent were transmitted over the heads of the enemy.

Lieutenant S. Edge had a station of observation in front of the Fifteenth Corps. This station was 100 feet from the ground. He saw the enemy preparing for a charge upon the lines of the Second Division, and reported the fact to General M. L. Smith, commanding that division. Lieutenant Edge remained at his station until the charge was made and our lines broke and fell back past the station. He was finally compelled to descend and retreat before the advancing enemy under a heavy fire of musketry.

