
was furnished with information of the enemy's movements upon the railroad and turnpike.

Captain H. R. Clum relieved Captain Norton as chief signal officer September 1. In his report of operations for September Captain Clum makes Honorable mention of the following officers and enlisted men for the gallantry with which they discharged their respective duties under fire:

First Lieutenant S. B. Partridge, while in charge of station at water battery, several times under fire.

Second Lieutenant F. J. Amsden, in charge of James River tower, and Sergt. F. A. Lindal. Second-class Privates William R. Owens and William L. Calhoun, of Lieutenant Amsden's party, several times under a severe fire, and especially on the 29th of the month, when our forces a severe fire, and especially on the 29th of the month, when our forces crossed to the north side of the James. On that day the enemy opened a sharp fire from five pieces of artillery upon the tower, with the view of preventing the forwarding of messages to our advancing columns. One hundred and thirty-fire shots were fired at the tower, but communication was not at any time interrupted or delayed.

Second Lieutenant G. M. Chase, acting signal officer, and Sergts. Thomas S. Baird and William N. Baker, at different times in charge of the station at Dutch Gap and almost constantly under the fire of the enemy, who as endeavoring to prevent the operations of our working party at that place.

Captains Merrill, Norton, and Clum, who have acted at different times as chief signal officer of the detachment in this department during the year, have proven themselves efficient, energetic, and zealous in the discharge of their duties. (Appendix C, papers J1, L.1.)*

Department of the South.-On the 10th of January First Lieutenant F. E. Town, chief signal officer, reported that after many and unforeseen difficulties he had succeeded in opening communication between headquarters on Folly Island and Hilton Head. He makes Honorable mention in this report of First Lieutenant F. L. Morrill, who remained alone at the station on Big Bay Island for six weeks, his men imperfectly armed and without a boat, his station practically in the enemy's country, and challenging, by its signals, his attack. This gallant officer was afterward mortally wounded while nobly performing his duty.

About the 1st of June Captain H. R. Clum, chief signal officer, stationed Sergt. John D. Colvin at Fort Strong, on Morris Island, with the several codes heretofore used by the rebels, for the purpose of reading, if possible, the enemy's signal. If not successful, he was to take down the numbers for the purpose of deciphering them.

For nearly tow weeks nothing could be made out of their signals, but by persevering he finally succeeded in learning their code. He has also discovered the cipher used by the enemy.

This man has displayed a remarkable talent and fitness for this branch of the service. Major-General Foster has received such valuable information through his means that he has recommended that he be promoted, or that he receive a brevet or medal. Captain Clum also speaks in the highest terms of him. He is, therefore, respectfully recommended to favorable notice by the department.

Captain Clum took command of this detachment in January. He immediately infused new life and vigor into it. He armed his men, turned over to the acting quartermaster of the detachment all the

---------------

*See reports of L. B. Norton and H. R. Clum, Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part II, p. 20; Vol. XL, Part I, p. 681, and Vol. XLII, Part I, p. 652.

---------------

