
Major B. F. Fisher, chief signal officer, bears testimony to the energy and zeal displayed by the officers and men of the corps generally, and calls especial attention to Captain P. A. Taylor, serving with General Hancock; Captain D. E. Castle, serving with General Warren; Captain J. C. Paine, serving with General Burnside, and Captain C. L. Davis, in command of the reserve detachment. "Through the efforts of the latter officer, few means were untried by which service might be rendered." First Lieuts. G. J. Clarke and W. H. R. Neel and Second Lieutenant J. B. Duff are commended for their energy, faithfulness, and gallantry. Sergts. H. W. Fulton and Van. Buren Sleeper are reported as worthy of special mention for being attentive, faithful, and intelligent.

July 30 Burnside mine was exploded and as assault made upon the enemy's works. Signal officers occupied all possible points along the lines and reported each charge.

August 6 12,000 infantry with sixty wagons were reported as moving toward our right; also that the enemy had placed a battery of five guns in the redoubt in the rear of Whitehead's factory, on the north bank of the Appomattox River.

On the 12th of August the Second Corps moved from its camp near the Deserted House to the north side of the James River, at Strawberry Plains, where it arrived August 14. The Tenth Corps, under General Birney, crossed the James at the same time at Deep Bottom. The whole force was under the command of Major-General Hancock. Communication was opened and kept open between Generals Hancock and Birney across Four-mile Creek until the 15th, when General Birney joined General Hancock on the east side of the creek. This line was of considerable importance, enabling the commanding general to direct the movements of the troops beyond Four-Mile Creek.

August 14 a station of observation was established at the Potteries, overlooking the enemy's position on Spring Hill and a road upon which he moved to re-enforce different parts of his lines. A number of important movements were observed and reported by Captain P. A. Taylor and First Lieutenant W. H. R. Neel.

A station of observation was also established just in rear of our picket-line near the New Market road. This station overlooked the enemy's lines for a considerable distance.

August 24 the enemy moved about 12,000 infantry in the direction of Reams" Station. This movement in all its details was promptly reported by signals.

August 25 the enemy made a heavy attack upon the line of the Second Corps near Reams" Station. Captain I. Thickstun occupied a station upon the skirmish line until it was driven back. Some important messages from the enemy's signal stations were intercepted by our stations on the right and promptly reported.

September 14 and 15 the enemy was reported as moving infantry from the Weldon railroad in a westerly direction and down the Squirrel Level road. This was the support to the cavalry upon what had been termed the "Cattle Raid." The following is a resume of Major Fisher's evening report to the commanding general, September 29:

During the morning the actions of the enemy in their camps indicated preparations being made for movement. At 11.40 a. m. a column of 2,500 infantry and trains moved toward Richmond. About the same hour 4,000 infantry moved into Petersburg from the south. At 12.25 p. m. six regiments and a battery of artillery moved toward Petersburg from the extreme left near the Weldon railroad.

