
SIGNAL DEPT.. HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 13, 1863.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to apply for an expression of your opinion in regard to the rapidity with which the temporary field telegraph lines of the Signal Corps have been run out when required during the operations of this army, the success with which they have been worked, and whether they are not a valuable auxiliary to the proper equipment of the Signal Corps.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 14, 1863.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of the 13th instant, requesting an expression of my opinion upon certain questions regarding the temporary field telegraph lines of the Signal Corps, I am enabled to state, by personal observation, that for rapidity the lines have been run out to keep pace with every advance of the army, accompanying the head of column at Chancellorsville to the field of battle. It has always been ready for service night and day.

That it should constitute a part of a military organization following the headquarters of the army and of every corps into their camps would seem to be unquestionable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY RESERVE,November 15, 1863.

I have seen and used the telegraph line run by the Signal Corps of this army, and am satisfied with the rapidity with which they are established and the skill displayed in operating them. I regard them as a valuable acquisition to the service, and I believe them important to the proper equipment of the Signal Corps.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Paoli Mills, November 16, 1863.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

CAPTAIN: I have received your letter of the 13th instant, and in reply desire to say that I regard the signal telegraph as an indispensable auxiliary to the operations of the army; that wherever established at my headquarters it has been successfully worked, and of

