
The "lines in my department have all been thoroughly repaired, and are now in first-rate working condition."

In February, 1864, work was rapidly prosecuted on the line to Fort Scott, and a section of the south line rebuilt.

In March, 1864, under an order from Major-General Rosecrans to extend the line of military telegraph from Warrensburg, Mo., to Kansas City, Mo., the line from Warrensburg was extended toward Leavenworth as far as Pleasant Hill, Mo., thirty-five miles, and the Fort Scott line from Leavenworth, Kans., complete, 120 miles. Also in this month out submarine cable at Saint Charles, Mo., was relaid, as per the following extract from my line and cable report:

This cable (from Landing to Saint Charles, Mo.) was destroyed by lighting about the 1st March, and has been successfully raised and repaired and is now in good working order.

On the 28th of this month I received an order to "construct a line of military telegraph to connect the city of Saint Louis with the State of Kansas." I might add that this order was given at my own suggestion, to save the Government a large amount monthly, as it required but a short gap to be filled up to give us a direct military line to Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

This order being approved at Washington, I commenced at Glasgow, on the Missouri River, and constructed a line to Booneville, thence to Syracurse via Tipton, fifty miles (laying a submarine cable at Booneville), where it connected with the military line already constructed.

In April, 1864, in furtherance of the above-mentioned order, I extended the line from Pleasant Hill to Fort Leavenworth, seventy-three miles, giving us a direct military line from Saint Louis to Fort Leavenworth.

On the 25th of April the commanding general ordered a line of military telegraph to be constructed "connecting the cities of Saint Louis and New Madrid, Mo.," which line was commenced at Cape Grardeau and built via Charleston and Sikeston, Mo., being finished in May, a length of seventy-four miles.

It is my painful duty to report that in this month two of the oldest telegraph repairers, while on duty (under Captain Clowry) near Russellville, Ark., were captured, brutally murdered, and most disgustingly mutilated. Although we have had repairers frequently captured, this is the first time they have been treated otherwise than [as] prisoners of war, and paroled.

I omitted to mention that after my working party had built the line to Russellville and returned home Captain Clowry continued it, and on the 20th of January, 1864, we were working direct by telegraph between Little Rock and Saint Louis.

On the 14th of June, 1864, I received an order from General Fisk, commanding North Missouri, "to push to completion at the earliest possible moment the telegraph line from Saint Joseph to Weston, Mo., that he might connect directly with Saint Louis over military lines, and via Central Missouri, and the North Missouri lines, "which, after application to my superior officer, and on his approval, I promptly commenced.

Raids, bushwhacking operations, and military skirmishes have been, as I said before, almost constant, but no movements in force previous to July 1, 1864.

I have endeavored to afford every possible facility (in the use of the telegraph) to the military commanders, and think I have suc-

