
Orders, Numbers 329, of 1863. The people of Tennessee appreciate the views of the Administration, and beyond doubt the recruiting of colored troops in this section will prove eminently successful.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 7, 1864.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Six-months" regiments cannot be received as veterans.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON, February 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Having raised all the white cavalry undertaken, I desire that First Massachusetts Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Colonel McLaughlen, of regular cavalry service, may be changed to cavalry and ordered home to recruit. Merely changing the arm will do great good. Colonel McLaughlen and city government of Boston, where regiment was raised, both desire it. Men's time out so soon that extra inducement to re-enlist is just. It is the oldest three-years" regiment, probably, in service, having fought under every general in Potomac army, beginning with McDowell. I want to begin the two new companies immediately, and two more also to add to the Fortieth, which, Colonel Henry writes me, General Gillmore has changed to cavalry.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., February 8, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My question was not whether the six-months" regiments could be received as veterans and paid the veteran bounty, but whether, if they would re-enlist for three years, I will be authorized to reorganize them into regiments bearing the same number and preserve their identity.

O. P. MORTON.

BOSTON, February 8, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major Walker, of First Massachusetts Infantry, declares that he believes nearly every man would enlist if regiment was changed to cavalry.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor, &amp; c.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., February 8, 1864.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Your telegrams respecting change of infantry to cavalry have been considered with anxious desire to conform to your wishes. The pres

