
No farther progress was attempted southward on this line during the month, but a branch line was rebuilt to McMinnville from Tullahoma, connecting the left wing of the army and the headquarters of the Twenty-first Army Corps with department headquarters, which toward the end of the month were moved to Winchester, and a line was rebuilt along the turnpike road from Franklin to Columbia, Tenn.

Early in August I constructed a new line from Cowan to Tracy City, Tenn., and expended the line south along the Chattanooga railroad to Bridgeport, Ala., opening offices at Anderson and Stevenson, at department headquarters near Stevenson, at headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps, near Bolivar, Ala., and at Bridgeport, Ala. At the same time the line was extended south from Columbia to Pulaski, Tenn., and west from Stevenson, Ala., to Brownsborough, or, more properly, to headquarters Second Cavalry Division, on Flint River, with offices at Scottsborough and Larkinsville, Ala.

Early in September the army crossed the Tennessee River, and I pushed the construction of a line along the railroad to Wauhatchie, at which point Brigadier-General Wood, with a division of Twenty-first Army Corps, threatened Chattanooga by Lookout Pass, opening an office at the Running Water bridge, and opening a branch line through Murphy's Hollow to Deer Head Cove, with an office at department headquarters, at or near Trenton, Ga.

On the 9th this branch line was taken up, and the enemy having withdrawn to La Fayette, we pushed into Chattanooga and opened an office in the rooms just vacated by the rebel telegraphers. On the 17th, department headquarters being near Crawfish Spring, I received an order from General Rosecrans to connect him by telegraph with Chattanooga, which order I obeyed, completing the line after the opening of the action on the morning of the 19th.

Offices were opened at General Granger's headquarters at Rossville, at a point in the rear of General Thomas" headquarters, and at department headquarters, which office was moved at about noon to the house owned by Mrs. Glenn, to which point General Rosecrans had removed his headquarters, where it was maintained during the day and until 6 a. m. of the 20 th. From 6 until 9 a. m. of the 20th the office nearest the from was one in the Dry Valley in General Thomas" rear; and department headquarters office was only reopened for a few minutes before the driving in of the right of the line forced us back upon the road to Rossville, and no success attended my efforts to reopen farther to the front than the Dry Valley office, before mentioned; this, however, was maintained until the withdrawal of the whole line to Rossville, and the office at Rossville was kept open until the withdrawal of our line on Monday night (21st and 22nd) to the intrechments of Chattanooga. During these two days (19th and 20th) my men, operators, builders, and repairers, were often under fire, nearly all of them for the first time, and I take pleasure in declaring their uniform colones good behavior. I am especially indebted to Messrs. William Paterson, John C. Holdridge, J. H. Bunnell, J. A. Fuller, W. W. Forbes, and W. H. Miller for active, intelligent,-operation and support.

On the 24th the enemy took possession of the south bank of the Tennessee River, and the remaining days of the month were occupied in preparations for constructing a line from Bridgeport, on the north side of the river, to Chattanooga, which line was completed and put in operation to Chattanooga on the 17th of October, its construction having been delayed by the passage of wagon trains, by the los

