
of my outfit, and diversion of my party by Wheeler's raid through Sequatchie Valley, and by the presence of rebel sharpshooters on the south bank of the river at various points the line ran necessarily close to the south bank. For nearly four miles between the foot of William's Island and the Such the whole distance was under fire of rebel sharpshooters armed with the Mississippi rifle, themselves, completely covered by rocks and trees, and their average distance from the road to the foot of the cliff, along which the line ran, less than 400 yards. This part of the line I was compelled to build and repair in the night, and so watchful was the enemy that the stroke of ax or blow of hatchet would often bring a volley from a dozen rifles, well directed and dangerous.

this condition of things continued until the seizure of the south bank at Brown's Ferry by the forces under command of Brigadier General W. F. Smith, and the occupation of the Lookout Valley by the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps.

In building and maintaining this line I was much indebted to John C. Gregg, who had lately joined me from the Army of the Potomac, and who volunteered to go over and repair the line when every builder and repairer, enlisted man, and civilian employed alike refused to go, deterred by the dangers to be incurred.

During the month of November I again rebuilt the line from Bridgeport to the Running Water brigade, and constructed a new line over Raccon Mountain to Kelly's Ferry, where an office was opened; thence to General Hooker's headquarters in the LookoutFerry to Chattanooga, abounding the line on the north shore of the river. During all this month a party was kept at work putting a second wire upon the line between Nashville and Bridgeport, and immediately after the actions on Lookout Mountain and Mission Ridge both the wires were put up along the railroad to Chattanooga, and the line over the mountain via Kelly's Ferry abandoned.

In December no lines were built, and only the line between Chattanooga and Cleveland, Tenn., repaired.

The lines between Cowan and Tracy City, between Bridgeport and Chattanooga via Jasper and Walden's Ridge, and between Running Water bridge and Chattanooga via Kelly's and Brown's Ferries, were taken down and the material saved. In January, 1864, the line between Pulaski, Tenn., and Flint River bridge via Athens, Decatur, and Huntsville, Ala., was rebuilt, and a new line was constructed between Chattanooga and Ringgold, Ga., our advanced position.

In February I received from Captain Gross the property appertaining to and the men employed upon the line on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, and assumed charge of that line, extending it up the valley as Longstreet withdrew, and opening offices at various points.

In March I rebuilt the line from Knoxville to Jacksborough, and built a new line from Jacksborough to a point between there and Cumbmerland Gap, at which point I met Captain Gross, thus completing a line via Cumberland Gap to Louisville direct, and giving us three wires from Chattanooga to Louisville. This line when completed was taken charge of by Captain Gross. In April I added at third wire to the line between Chattanooga and Stevenson, which connecting with the wire via Decatur, gave three wires from Chattanooga to Nashville, and established a line from Huntsville to Whitesburg, Ala.

On the 5th of May I took the field to accompany the advance of

