
Captain W. G. Fuller transferred to me the cable that crossed the Ohio River at Paducah, Ky., viz, 1,000 feet. It crosses the Tennessee River.

S. BRUCH,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, in Charge.

I.

Annual report of Captain S. G. Lynch, assistant quartermaster and assistant superintendent of U. S. Military Telegraph, Cleveland, Ohio, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, October 31, 1864.

Colonel A. STAGER,

Assistant Quartermaster, Chief U. S. Military Telegraph:

COLONEL: I have the honor to herewith submit to the Quartermaster-General's Department, through you as chief of military telegraph, my official report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864:

I was appointed assistant quartermaster of volunteers, with the rank of captain, October 27, 1863, and my acceptance of the appointment bears a corresponding date. Under same date I was ordered by the Honorable Secretary of War to report for duty to Colonel A. Stager, chief U. S. Military Telegraph, and by Colonel Stager assigned to duty at Cleveland, Ohio, October 29, 1863, and immediately proceeded to my post, where I have continued to be stationed.

It has been my duty to make all purchases of every description of material required for the construction and operation of U. S. Military Telegraph within the various department embraced in the Army. The property generally purchased by me I have transferred and shipped direct to assistant quartermasters in charge of military telegraphs, New Orleans, La.; Hilton Head, S. C.; Washington, D. C; Louisville, Ky., and Saint Louis, Mo. My purchases all bear the approval of Colonel A. Stager, chief of military telegraph.

January 20, 1864, Captain T. B. A. David, then in charge of military telegraph, Department of West Virginia, was ordered to turn over to me the military telegraph lines in that department. Since that date I have had charge of the military telegraph within that department, and have performed the duties attending the same in addition to those of purchasing quartermaster for the telegraph corps.

It having been generally during this year the object of the U. S. forces within the Department of West Virginia to garrison and maintain a line of posts along and adjacent to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the Kanawha River as far up as Gauley, Va., there has been but little necessity for the building of new or additional lines within the department during the year.

The use od the military telegraph lines within this department by the Government has saved the Treasury much money, and been of indispensable advantage tch it is battling.

The following is a list of the U. S. Military Telegraph lines within the department, and transferred to me by Captain David January 20, 1864, and embraces also those constructed by me from January

