
vote. It need not detain them longer than four days, and the necessity for electing a loyal State senate is absolute, and increase of three members of Congress, viz: Jehu Baker, defeating Morrison; Brownwell, Eden, and Cullom, defeating Stuart, depends on these regiments; and the Presidential and State tickets need that aid to guarantee success. Defeat in Illinois is worse than defeat in the field, and I do hope you will immediately order that these regiments may be allowed to remain and vote, on the route to Tennessee. Please answer at Springfield soon as possibly convenient.

This dispatch to be delivered to Mr. Lincoln only.

RICHARD YATES.

HALIFAX, N. S., November 1, 1864.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

It is secretly asserted by secessionists here that plans have been formed, and will be carried into execution by rebels and their allies, for setting fire to the principal cities in the Northern States on the day of the Presidential election.

M. M. JACKSON,

U. S. Consul.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 2, 1864.

His Excellency Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

In reply to your telegram of yesterday to the President, I am directed to inform you that the request to allow the Forty-ninth, One hundred and seventeenth, One hundred and nineteenth, and Fifty-eight Regiments to remain to vote, cannot be fully answer till the return of General Smith's command to Saint Louis. Its arrival at that point has not yet been reported to the Department.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SYRACUSE, N. Y., November 2, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed find a remarkable order of Brigadier General John A. Green, of this city, one of Government Seymour's generals of the National Guard. The provost-marshal has just sent a copy to General Dix. We hope the latter will not resign on account of it.

Yours, respectfully,

J. N. HOLMES,

Numbers 8 South Saline Street.

P. S. -There is great reason to fear that President Lincoln will be assassinated very soon. "Caution is the parent of safety."

J. N. H.

