
Second P. S. -The within order is taken from the Courier and Union, of this city, General Green's organ, the meanest print in the State of New York, if not in the United States.

H.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FRONTIER DEFENSE, Numbers 2. Syracuse, October 29, 1864.

Pursuant to an order of His Excellency the Governor and commander-in-chief, issued on the 12th day of August last, the general commanding assumed command of the district lying along the Canadian frontier, extending from the east line of the county of Monroe to the boundary line of the State of Vermont, and embracing the counties of Wayne, Cayga, Oswego, Onondaga, Jefferson, Saint Lawrence, Franklin, and Clinto. The general commanding now again enjoins it upon all subordinate officers within the said district to exercise a special vigilance in guarding against any hostile invasion of this State by persons in the Canadian Provinces, to the end that the peace of the State may be preserved from violation or disturbance.

A State election is to be held on the 8th of November next, and it has been suggested that evil-disposed persons across the border may deem this a favorable occasion to pass the frontier for the purpose of depredation upon the property of our citizens. Officers of the National Guard within this department are therefore reminded that unusual vigilance to intercept all such attempts will therefore be required.

But persons peacefully coming to or attending the polls at the election are not to be interfered with under any pretext whatever. The election is to be held solely under the civil authority of the State, and is regulated by State laws, carefully framed and eminently adapted to prevent, as well as punish, all improper and fraudulent voting. The people of the State, in the exercise of their sovereignty, and by their constitution, have regulated the right of suffrage, and this right can only be challenged and tried before the judges and inspectors of election. No military interference can be permitted. The general commanding recognizes danger to the public peace in the proposed attempt of a major-general holding his commission under the Federal Government to take under his care and supervision, within the said district, the election to be held as aforesaid.

For this contemplated interference there in no necessity, authority, or excuse. The Federal Government is charged with no duty or responsibility whatever relating to an election to be held in the State of New York.

Officers of the National Guard in this department will therefore vigilantly repress all attempts to disturb the peace, will do their utmost to preserve order and quiet on the day of the election, and if necessary will prevent all interference with the right of any person or persons peacefully to attend at the places where the polls shall be held.

By order of John A. Green, jr., brigadier-general, commanding:

MILTON H. NORTHRUP,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

