
It is unjust to require and draft for the old deficiency of 12,000, for the following among other reasons:

First. Because at that early day (under Governor Olden) no quota was assigned to the State, and the State of New Jersey was not informed of the full number of men it is now said she was liable to furnish.

Second. She raised them in full, all calls made upon her and two regiments over.

Third. Governor Olden urged the Secretary of War to accept more regiments, and he declined to do so.

Fourth. At that time (when Governor Olden could not obtain permission to raise more men) a large number of regiments were raising, under authority of the Secretary, in New York and Pennsylvania, and during the furor for volunteering then existing nearly 12,000 men went from New Jersey to those and other States and enlisted in their regiments.

I ask the President that allowance be made to New Jersey for those men. New Jersey at that time could and would have raised the men, if permitted to do so, and they were lost to New Jersey regiments, but are in the service of the United States.

If the President is not now prepared to cancel the deficiency, I ask that no draft be ordered for any part of that 12,000 men until a statement of facts be fully made and evidence offered on the subject to the President.

WOODSTOCK, VT., February 8, 1864.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

What is the total quota of Vermont under the call for 500,000 volunteers, and what are we entitled to offset against it? The towns will not begin to work in earnest until they know what is required of them. Please answer by telegraph immediately.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 8, 1864.

General P. T. WASHBURN:

I am preparing quota and will make known very soon. I hope you will get the towns to work zealously in anticipation of their exact quotas. The Government bounties cease on the 1st of March, and what is easy for the towns now will be difficult after that time.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WOODSTOCK, VT., February 8, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Your telegram received, and also your telegram of February 6 to General Pitcher. The towns will not work zealously until they know precisely what is required of them. If I can be informed immediately the total number charged to the State, so that I can assess

