
[Second indorsement.]

MARCH 2, 1864.

As the Secretary of War does not approve the above submission, let the paper be filed.

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your petitioners, senators and representatives in the General Assembly of Missouri, respectfully ask that you will give Colonel R. T. Van Horn, of this State, authority to raise a brigade of troops in Missouri and Arkansas. Colonel Van Horn was one of the earliest men in this State to take up arms in defense of the Government, and as lieutenant-colonel of the Twenty-fifth Regiment of Missouri Volunteers distinguished himself in the field.

Very respectfully,

Geo. W. Anderson, senator from Pike; Saml. Bonner, senator from Saint Louis; John Severance, senator from Buchanan; Norman Cutter, senator from Saint Louis; W. B. Edwards, senator from Dallas; David Wagner, senator from Lewis; A. L. Gilstrap, senator from Macon; Wm. P. Harrison, senator from Marion County [and 67 others in number - 16 senators and 51 representatives].
SPECIAL ORDERS, NASHVILLE, TENN., Numbers 15. February 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. It being understood that Major George L. Stearns, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, and commissioner for the organization of colored troops in Middle and East Tennessee, has resigned his position in the service of the United States, Captain R. D. Mussey, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, is hereby charged with the organization of those troops in the section of the country above referred to.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 9, 1864.

Mr. NICOLAY,

Private Secretary, &amp; c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Obeying your instructions of this date, I have the honor to submit the following suggestion, together with plan for carrying into effect the circulation of the President's amnesty proclamation within the enemy's lines. Almost invariably the first questions asked by deserters coming within our lines are, "What are you going to do with us?" "Are we to be shut up in prison?" "Are we to be pressed into your army?" & c. This they are taught by their officers will be if they desert to us. They also ask, "What privileges can we have if we take the oath of allegiance?" & c. These questions the proclamation does not answer so plainly to all as not to admit of a doubt. Could an order be made and affixed to the proclamation answering them as far as possible, I think it would aid the cause much. The plan I would suggest for distributing is: Let scouts carry it within

