
fight, than to again supply him on the first opportunity with these articles indispensable to health and efficiency.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Brevet Major-General.

LIST OF PAPERS ACCOMPANYING THE REPORT OF THE QUARTERMASTER- GENERAL, 1864.

Numbers 1.- The report of Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls, chief quartermaster of the armies operating against Richmond, for 1864. (Inclosures.) His annual report for fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, and a copy of report regarding the operations of the Quartermaster's Department during the battle of Chancellorsville.*

Numbers 2.- Copy of letter from Robert H. Ramsey, assistant adjutant-general, to Bvt. Brigadier General J. L. Donaldson, chief quartermaster Department of the Cumberland, by order of the major-general commanding.+

Numbers 3.- Extract from annual report of Captain James M. Moore, assistant quartermaster, depot of Washington, D. C., relating to the national cemerities and the burial of deceased soldiers, and others dying in the service of the United States in hospitals in and about Washington.

Numbers 4.- Abstract of appropriations for the Quartermaster's Department for the fiscal years 1862, 1863, 1864, and 1865, and including arrerages for 1861.

Numbers 5.- Monthly statement of clothing and camp and garrison equipage reported on hand at the various depots for 1st of July, 1864.

Numbers 6.- Report of principal articles of clothing and equipage received at the principal purchasing and manufacturing depots during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864.

Numbers 7.- List of vessels owned by the United States October 15, 1864 (sea steamers).

Numbers 8.- Statement of vessels chartered or employed by the Quartermaster's Department during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864.++

Numbers 3. Extract from annual report of Captain James M. Moore, assistant quartermaster, relating to the national Cemeteries and the burial of deceased soldiers and other dying in the service of the United States in hospitals in and about Washington.

The charge of the National Cemeteries and the burial of decease soldiers and others dying in the service of the United States in hospitals in about Washington is under the jurisdiction of this office, and is probably the most important of my specialties.

---------------

* Here omitted, but see Series, Vol. XIX, Part I, p. 99; Vol. XXVII, Part I, p. 221; Vol. XXIX, Part I, p. 227; Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 276; Vol. XL, Part I, p. 37.

+ See Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 536.

++ Only the recapitulation is here published. For full list, see Executive Document Numbers 83, House of Representatives, Thirty- eighth Congress, second session, pp. 185-234.

---------------

