
the enemy's lines; let cavalry expeditions be sent out supplied with it; leave copies at every house possible, and scatter wherever the enemy will be likely to find it. In this way it can soon be distributed throughout the entire South and rebel armies. Many will be found by rebel soldiers and many will be sent to them by mail from thier friends. North Carolina troops are deserting very fast, and the work ought to commence there as soon as practicable. If a regiment of cavalry can be furnished to me at different points along the enemy's front, I will, if permitted, volunteer to, as as as is in my power, see this carried into effect personally.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. ALGER,

Colonel Fifth Michigan Cavalry.

SPRINGFIELD, February 10, 1864.

Colonel FRY:

It is important to this State that I should know our quota under call of 200,000 as soon as possible. I therefore respectfully request to be informed as soon as practicable what our quota under said call is, basis upon which it is made.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 10, 1864.

Governor KIRKWOOD,

Des Moines, Iowa:

I mean ten detached companies to be formed into a new regiment or battalion or attached to old regiments if you have any requiring additional companies.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 10, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I leave this afternoon for Chattanooga and Knoxville. I have just ordered a regiment of heavy artillery, of African descent, to be raised here, for the purpose of garrisoning the forts around Nashville. I expect the men can be raised in this city very shortly. But few negroes can be received in the front before a movement farther south is made. A number of negroes will yet be recruited in Tennessee, including those who cross the lines from Kentucky.

L. THOMAS.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 10, 1864.

Governor J. G. SMITH,

Woodstock, Vt.:

Can you not raise ten more new companies of infantry, to be formed into a new regiment, or added to old regiments in case there are vacancies in your old regiments? If so, please enter upon it at once.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

