
to correct it, contending that is they were to be made soldiers, time should be afforced for drill and discipline, and that they should only have their fair share of fatigue duty. The pir employment as troops was very great; but now, since the blacks have fully shown their fighting qualities and manliness, it has greatly changed.

All of the regiments have white officers, who are selected with care and are subject to an examination, and even a second one if deemed necessary. Great difficulty was experienced in the early part of the work in getting medical officers, but this has been remedied by sending a medical officer through the New England States, who induced a number of physicians to appear for examination and receive appointments.

The non-commissioned officers are generally appointed from white regiments, but as intelligent blacks are found they are made sergeants and corporals, and ultimately they will fill all these positions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LEAVENWORTH, November 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I can furnish Government with a one-years" regiment of veteran troops from 100-days" and other old regiments whose terms of service [have] expired, if authority be given me to do so. I earnestly ask for the authority.

THOS. CARNEY.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 7, 1864.

GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY,

Frankfort, Ky.:

The telegram revoking authority to raise regiments is hereby amended so as to apply only to the two regiments authorized August 2. Foregoing in answer to your telegram of 5th instant.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information an extract from Mr. Adams" dispatch of the 20th ultimo, Numbers 796, relative to the movements of the insurgent agents in England.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

Extract from Mr. Adams" dispatch of the 20th ultimo - Numbers 796.

* * * * * * *

The efforts to dispatch vessels and arms to the rebels continue unabated, and there are constant rumors of projects to fit out ships

