
of war. But it seems to me that experience has shown so little to be gained by any adventure of the kind in compensation for the heavy outlay that I much doubt whether the energies of the managers will be bent in that direction. The greater probability is of some attempt at concentration in force at Wilmington, in order, if possible, to keep open the only remaining avenue for their supplies. Perhaps some collateral aid may be hoped for from occasional predatory cruisers from that port.

* * * * * * *

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE,

LETTER. Washington, November 8, 1864.

Drafted persons who claim the benefit of section 17 of the act approved February 24, 1864, and desire to avail themselves thereof, must first satisfy the Board of Enrollment in their respective districts that they are non-combatants within the meaning of the law.

The provost-marshal will then give a certificate to this effect to the drafted person, and upon presentation of this certificate to the receiver of communication money he will receive the $300 (the amount fixed by the Secretary of War) and issue his receipt thereof in triplicate, the duplicate thereof to be presented by the drafted person to the Board of Enrollment for their action.

Section 17 of the act approved February 24, 1864, prescribed that the communication money paid by non-combatants shall be applied to the benefit of sick and wounded soldiers.

All funds received from those persons must, therefore, be deposited by receivers to the "credit of the Treasures United States, on account of the appropriation for the benefit of sick and wounded soldiers;" and they must be particular to see that certificates of deposit are and they must be particular to see that certificates of deposit are made out in accordance with these instructions.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Circular letter of November 2 to be destroyed.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 279. Washington, November 10, 1864.

RETURN OF FURLOUGHED OFFICERS AND MEN.

The efficiency of the army in the field requires that the furloughs of all regimental officers and enlisted men for duty will terminate on the 14th instant, and they will report at the several rendezvous which may have been appointed for them or to their respective commands in the field. In case no rendezvous shall have been appointed they will report at the nearest draft rendezvous and will be forwarded by the commanding officer without delay.

The Provost-Marshal-General will immediately take measures to have all officers and men who are fit for duty in the field and absent from their commands, on furlough or otherwise, after the 14th instant returned to their proper commands.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

