
the officers of returned veteran regiments on recruiting duty during the furlough of the men. Under existing instructions he does not feel authorized to do so.

O. P. MORTON.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., February 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Thirty-fifth Indiana (Irish) re-enlisted and came home. Their furlough is out, and they are ordered to the field. They are recruiting well, and I shall be glad to have them remain until the 1st of March. They are recruiting from an element nobody else can reach.

O. P. MORTON.

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Paul, February 11, 1864.

Honorable ALEXANDER RAMSEY,

U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the evening of the 9th instant I received a dispatch from the Provost-Marshal-General (Colonel Fry) stating that I had permission to raise an infantry regiment, and asking whether it could be done. I replied, "Yes; within one month, if bounties are continued; shall I proceed?"

To this dispatch I have no answer up to this evening. Will you have the kindness to see the proper authorities and explain to them that our southern border is nearly 200 miles from Saint Paul and that our recruits must be transported by wagons, and that owing to this difficulty and the scattered condition of our population we cannot recruit and rendezvous a regiment in a shorter time than I have named.

But if the draft can be postponed until April 1, with a certainty that it will then occur, and the bounties and credits to towns be continued until that time, I can, if notified promptly, raise one regiment of infantry, increase Major Brackett's three companies cavalry to a full regiment, and raise one artillery company; and I hereby propose to raise them, as above indicated.

If this privilege be declined, I can raise the regiment of infantry upon four weeks" notice. I earnestly solicit your good offices in the premises.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MILLER.

PROVIDENCE, February 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will Rhode Island be accredited with all men furnished under the draft of July 3, 1863, and no charge be made by number called for under said draft, as has been granted to State of New Hampshire? Please answer by telegraph.

JAS. Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island.

