
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 39. Washington, November 15, 1864.

Attention is again called to the necessity of correcting the enrollment lists in every district and sub-district. While the Board is responsible as a body for the enrollment, the commissioner of the Board will be required to give his particular attention to the correction, revision, and preservation of the lists, and to the preparation of all persons and returns in regard to them; and he is hereby especially directed to see that monthly reports of the corrections made in the enrollment for the proceeding month are promptly forwarded to this office on or before the third day of every month.

Circular Numbers 24 from this office, dated June 25, 1864, is reproduced and revised for the guidance of all concerned. It is as follows:

The attention of boards of enrollment is called to section 6 of the act amendatory of the enrollment act, which is in the following words, viz:

'SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That boards of enrollment shall enroll all persons liable to draft under the provisions of this act and the act to which this is an amendment whose names may have been omitted by the proper enrolling officers; all persons who shall arrive at the age of twenty years before the draft, all aliens who shall declare their intention to become citizens, all persons discharged from the military or naval service of the United States who have not been in such service two years during the present was, and all persons who have been exempted under the provisions of the second section of the act to which this is an amendment, but who are not exempted by the provisions of this act, and said boards of enrollment shall release and discharge from draft all persons who, between the time of the enrollment and the draft, shall have arrived at the age of forty-five years, and shall strike the names of such persons from the enrollment."

Attention is also called to paragraphs 55, 56, 57, 58,59, 60, 61, and 62, Revised Regulations for the Bureau of the Provost- Marshal-General.

It is to be borne in mind by the boards that their duties in regard to the correction of the enrollment do not cease with its revision as recently completed or now in progress. On the contrary, the revision and correction of these lists is a continuous duty, to which the labors of all boards must be directed. The names of all persons liable to military duty taking up their residence in a sub-district, as well as all in the sub- district who from time to time become liable, shall be added to the enrollment lists; and the names of persons who enlist into the military or naval service, or remove permanently from a district, or whose liability terminates while in it will be stricken off; and in case of removal, whenever it is practicable, the Board of Enrollment of the district to which the person removes will be notified, and he will be enrolled by that Board.

The Board of Enrollment shall have copies of the enrollment lists open to the examination of the public at all proper times, and shall give public notice that any person may appear before the Board and have any name stricken off the list if he can show to the satisfaction of the Board that the person named is not properly enrolled, on account of -

First. Allegiance.

Second. Non-residence.

Third. Over age.

Fourth. Permanent physical disability of such a degree as to render the person not a proper subject for enrollment under the law and regulations.

Fifth. Having served in the military or naval service two years during the present was and been honorably discharged.

