
the should be required to visit each sub-district, carrying with them a copy of the list for such sub-district, which should be compared with the pool books of the sub-district, and having corrected it, a true copy, plainly written, should be posted at the places of voting in the sub-district, with a notice attached thereto calling upon the citizens to suggest any further correction that may have been overlooked. The same industry and care on the part of deputy provost-marshals and special agents as is generally found in deputy sheriffs and some other civil officers would soon, in most counties, acquaint them with the liability to military service of all men resident therein, and of the changes occurring among the people, which should be noted monthly on the lists. In districts where you find it indispensable, one enrolling officer may be employed in each sub- district for such time as may be actually necessary to perfect the enrollment. The provost-marshals, in their intercourse with the people and through their duties, special officers, and employes, have an opportunity to obtain much information relative to deaths, changes of residences, enlistments, or other causes which affect the enrollment, all of which they should be careful to note and have the lists corrected accordingly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., November 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to most respectfully bring before your notice the condition of the enlisted men lately recruited for the frontier service from the prisoners of war at this post, and ask your attention to the following fats: When the matter was first started a portion of the prison was divided off by a high board fence in order that they might be kept separate from the prisoners of war. This division is full to repletion. Since they are no longer prisoners of war they are entitled to rights of U. S. soldiers. Consequently this pen is close and tiresome, and the men are becoming dispirited and long for that freedom of action which they the gained by their enlistment. Again, their clothing is of the poorest description and cannot be bettered. As they are no longer prisoners of war clothing cannot be issued to them from the prisoners" portion, and as they are not organized clothing cannot be issued by the quartermaster. Consequently these cold days and nights find them shivering around the barracks stoves, which are kept red-hot in order that they do not freeze. These men are to be pitied, as they are under the same surveillance, owing to their being in the prison, as the prisoners, and their conduct does not warrant this watchfulness. As there are camps of organization all though the West, could they not be ordered to one of the,? As the portion occupied by them in the prison is greatly needed, and as more prisoners are expected here, it is necessary some provision should be made for their removal.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

