
5. He shall appoint officers, to be designated and known as auditors of transportation and accounts, for the railway departments of the Cumberland, the Ohio, and the Tennessee, whose duty it shall be to require from all officers and agents for audit and record daily reports in detail of all moneys received by them and duplicate manifests of all shipments for which transportation charges are made. The original bills for all articles purchased, the pay-rolls and vouchers for time and compensation of all employes, and all other expenses incident to the management of the roads, shall also be delivered to the proper auditor. After being certified to by the general manager they shall then be duly audited, and if found correct, will be transferred on proper forms, be recorded and certified to by the auditor and general manager for presentation to and payment by the disbursing office.

6. Commanding officers of troops along the U. S. military railroads will give all needful facilities to the officers of the roads and the quartermasters for loading and unloading cars, so as to prevent any delay. On arrival at depots, whether in the day or night, the cars will be promptly unloaded, and working parties will always be in readiness for that duty, and sufficient to unload the whole train at once. Commanding officers will be charged with guarding the track, sidings, wood stations, water- tanks, shops, buildings, and other property of the railroad within the limits of their several commands, and will be held responsible for the results. Any military officer who shall neglect his duty in this respect will be reported by the quartermaster and officers of the railroad, and his name will be stricken from the rolls of the Army. Depots will be established at suitable points under the direction of the commanding general, and properly guarded. No officer, whatever may be his rank, will interfere with the running of engines and cars as directed by the general manager of railways or his duly authorized officers or agents. Any one who so interfere will be dismissed from service for disobedience of orders.

7. All authority heretofore given by this Department or the generals commanding the several military departmsnts, relative to the management of railways in the Departments of the Cumberland, of the Ohio, and of the Tennessee, are hereby revoked.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 22, 1864.

The Quartermaster-General is authorized to modify and change the foregoing order, and make such regulations in respect to the auditing and adjustment of claims and accounts as he may deem expedient for the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 13. Nashville, Tenn., December 24, 1863.

I. Officers and soldiers will not be permitted to travel on military railroads except when under orders, on leave of absence, or furlough, or in joining their proper commands.

II. All officers and soldiers when traveling will have with them the written authority for their journey, and will exhibit it, when called on to do so, to civil conductors or other persons appointed to inspect passes.

III. Fare will not be collected from officers or soldiers on military railroads.

IV. By authority of the Secretary of War, paragraph 7, of his special order of date Louisville, Ky., October 19, 1863, in reference to military railroad, will be replaced by the following: "The Quartermaster's Department will have control of military railroads, so far as relates to the transmission of military freights and military passengers, with power t exclude such other freights and passengers as may be deemed necessary."

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. Nashville, Tenn., February 4, 1864.

By authority of the Secretary of War, Colonel D. C. McCallum, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, is hereby appointed general manager of railways in the possession of the Government, or that may from time to time be taken possession

