
of by military authority in the Departments of the Cumberland, the Ohio, the Tennessee, and of Arkansas, with all the powers and authorities conferred and duties imposed upon and vested in John B. Anderson, as general manager of said railways, by special order of the Secretary of War, of date War Department, Louisville, Ky., October 19, 1863, (as modifies by paragraph 4, General Orders, Numbers 13, from these headquarters) and will at once enter upon the discharge of the duties of general manager of railways as aforesaid.

John B. Anderson is hereby relieved from duty as general manager of said railways, and from all connection with the same, and will turn over to said Colonel McCallum all property, moneys, contracts, and papers of every kind and description belonging to Government or in any wise appertaining to or concerning said railways.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Under authority given above, it is ordered that during the absence from Nashville of Bvt. Brigadier General D. C. McCallum, general manager and director of military railroads, United States, the certificate of Adna Anderson, chief superintendent and engineer, shall, with that of the auditor of military railways in the Military Division of the Mississippi, be sufficient to justify the payment of vouchers for the expenses incident to the management of these railways, and shall be sufficient warrant to the disbursing officer for such payments.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., November 26, 1864.

General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that orders have been made for the second supplementary draft under the call for 500,000 men July 18, 1864. A great many of the subdistricts have been exhausted, and the full amount cannot be received for that reason. I hope to close up the matter by the middle of December and make final report.

I am now having some difficulty in enforcing the law and making proper arrests. There are some sub-districts, and in several instances whole counties, in which the people are truly called copperheads.

Here is where resistance has commenced, and I have prepared to make the attack. In some towns more or less shielded by the woods men have organized into bodies for resistance to the last minute, and keep sentinels posted in military style. I have called upon General Sibley for troops, and have placed mounted men, well armed, in four different places in the First District, I have this day made request for a company to be located in portions of Stearns County of Second District. The first squad of soldiers sent out have done much good, and I have no doubt whatever but have perfect submission will be the result, and that the troops in a few weeks will have accomplished the desired work. I wrote you some time since that I had commenced searching for the sources of frauds, &amp;c., practiced upon Government. I can only say that a few examples which have been made sufficiently warn some of the hard cases of the danger ahead.

