
rebel army for twenty-two miles in October; rebuilt by the Constructions Corps to Warrenton Junction and Warrenton by October 30, and to Brandy Station and Culpeper by November 16.

Rappahannock River bridge, 625 feet long and 35 feet high, was erected in nineteen working hours. The line was operated to Mitchell's Station, seven miles beyond Culpeper, during the winter and until May, 1864, when it was abandoned, and was not afterward used during the year beyond Burke's Station, fourteen miles from Alexandria.

The railroad from Alexandria to Vienna was also constantly used, part of the time only to Falls Church, for the transportation of supplies for troops at Vienna, Falls Church, Convalescent Camp, &amp;c., of wood and ties for railroad use, and wood for the Quartermaster's Department.

The Manassas Gap Railroad was used to White Plains and short time in August, 1863, to transport supplies for General Meade's army during its advance from the Potomac to Warrenton.

Repairs to the Aquia Creek Railroad were commenced May 9, and the road opened to Falmouth May 17.

Potomac Creek bridge, 414 feet long and 82 fee high, was built and put in order for trains to cross in forty working hours. This line was operated until may 22, when it was abandoned and has not been used since.

The Richmond and York River Railroad was opened to Dispatch Station from White House in May, 1864, and operated until June 10, when it was abandoned, the track torn up by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, and the materials removed to Alexandria.

At Norfolk one road has been operated regularly through the year to Suffolk, twenty-three miles, and another from Portsmouth to Suffolk, eighteen miles, for transporting supplies, lumber, &c., and for flag-of-truce trains.

At City Point the road was opened to near Petersburg during the last days of June, and has since been used as the main line of supply for the army.

In addition to the work required in connection with the above mentioned railroads, a large amount was done during the year by the Construction Corps in building docks, wharves, buildings, &c., at Giesborough Point for the cavalry depot; at Washington Arsenal, Seventh street, in Washington; at Aquia Creek, Belle Plain, White House, and at City Point.

Ten passenger and 192 new freight cars have been added to the equipment of these railroads during the year, but no additional locomotives have been found necessary.

For statement of expenditures upon the railroads of this department and other information in connection, I respectfully refer to the accompanying papers, marked D, E, F, &c.*

D shows expenses Orange and Alexandria Railroad and connecting lines.

E shows inventory of property on Orange and Alexandria Railroad and connecting lines.

F shows locomotives engines on Orange and Alexandria Railroad and connecting lines.

G shows inventory of materials on hand in the supply store at Alexandria, Va.

---------------

* Exhibits omitted.

---------------

