
regiments enlisted an equal chance. If the time of one regiment is extended, all others will claim it. To extend the time of one regiment is to deprive another of its fair turn for leave of absence. I hope you will not interfere with the arrangements that have been made by generals in the field in regard to the leaves of absence of their troops, but aid this Department in carrying them out for the benefit of the service. Nothing is so disorganizing as the changes of regulations in special cases, and there is nothing so embarrassing in the administration of this Department. I know your anxious desire to promote the welfare of the service, and I count upon your cordial co-operation in this great necessity - the prompt return of regiments to the Army upon the expiration of their furloughs. In no way can you do more good.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., February 12, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received. The Thirty-fifth Indiana Regiment will leave for the field to-morrow. I will aid the Government to the extent of my ability in the prompt return of all troops.

O. P. MORTON.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 12, 1864.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Colonel Baker already has authority to put on recruiting service all officers of returned regiments whose services are necessary and useful upon that duty. See printed instructions to him from Adjutant-General's Office.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General of Vols., Hdqrs. Middle Dept., Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you are hereby authorized to raise in the city of Baltimore and vicinity a regiment of colored troops, said regiment to be known and designated as the Thirty-ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, to be composed of colored men, and to be mustered into the service of the United States for three years or during the war. To these troops no bounties will be paid. They will receive $ 10 per month and one ration, $ 3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing. The organization of the regiment must conform strictly to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863. The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed as provided in General Orders, Nos. 143 and 144, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863. The commissioned officers will be mustered into service

