
Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Line. - About the middle of May I received orders to put this road in running order from the Potomac River to Hamilton's Cross-Roads. The docks at the terminus of Aquia Creek that had been burned by the rebels were repaired. All the bridges having been destroyed, were rebuilt as far as Famouth, and the road put in order to the north bank of the Rappahannock River at Fredericksburg. Eight thousand wounded troops were transported over this portion of the road to Aquia Creek, when the rolling-stock was removed and the road abandoned.

Richmond and York River Line. - As our army in Virginia moved south, and the base of supplies moved to White House, I sent (by request of the chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac) my construction corps to that point, with a large amount of material, and constructed docks for landing army stores. I received orders from Lieutenant-General Grant to put the Richmond and York River Railroad in running order from White House to the Chickahominy River. Immediately on the completion of this work Lieutenant-General Grant ordered the track of this road, from the Chickahominy River to the Pamunkey River, taken up and the rails taken to Alexandria. These orders were executed and the Construction Corps started for City Point, on the James River, where it now is.

The foregoing complements this brief report, so far as details are concerned. Many matters not embraced in it are easily referred to by a glance at the current or monthly reports made during the year. For the cursory character of this document I must find my excuse in the fact that the data from which a more comprehensive one would have to be compiled constitute the permanent archives of different and distant departments, while I myself, as you, sir, will testify, have by sudden emergencies of the service been frequently detached and changed about from point to point wherever it was thought I could render most effectual service.

I have taken occasion, as the names of several of my assistants have occurred in the course of this report, to give my opinion of them as valuable men to the service. I have further to mention particularly the efficient services of Mr. Hays, fuel agent; Mr. Roeloss, storekeeper; of Doctor Griffin, railroad surgeon; Lamason, master car builder; Messrs. Huntington, Dorrance, and Kent, dispatchers and the assistants of each not forgetting the correct and business-like manner in which the affairs of my own immediate office have been administered by the two gentlemen who have charge of them.

In short, the whole of the force in this department has been brought to a state of effectiveness highly commendable, and a cheerful feeling of interest in the department and a desire to see every duty well discharged seems to pervade the entire body of employes, so that I am able to close this report with the statement that on this 30th day of June, 1864, the department of Virginia, for effectiveness, zeal, and ability to perform all that it is or will be required of it, is in prime order.

Your obedient servant,

E. L. WENTZ,

Chief Engineer and General Supt. Military Railroads of Virginia.

