
on the presentation to the proper mustering officer of their appointments signed by the Secretary of War. The enlisted men will be mustered in accordance with mustering regulations. The expenses properly chargeable for subsisting, quartering, &amp; c., between the dates of enlistment and muster will be defrayed from the fund for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers." Your attention is specially directed to General Orders, Numbers 329, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863, copy herewith,* which provides that the recruiting officers for colored troops shall give certificates of enlistment and descriptive lists to loyal owners whose slaves may be enlisted. Your recruiting officers should be supplied with the necessary blank forms. You will establish your camps of rendezvous at such point or place in the vicinity of the city of Baltimore as the commanding general Middle Department may direct.

I have the honor to be, & c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 12, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

What authority, if any, has been given to the commander of this department to appoint officers for the loyal regiments of North Carolina troops now being raised in this vicinity? If none has been so given, I would request that it be granted so far as to appoint officers provisionally, sending rosters to the Adjutant- General for approval and issuing of commissions by the President.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, February 12, 1864.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I have four full regiments of cavalry and seven companies in a fifth regiment. Shall I fill the fifth regiment?

O. P. MORTON.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 19. Washington, February 13, 1864.

When recruiting officers of the Regular Army in the field are not furnished with funds the $ 25 advance bounty authorized by section 5 of the act approved July 29, 1861, and the $ 2 premium authorized by the act approved June 21, 1862, will be credited to the soldier on the first muster-roll after his enlistment or re- enlistment and paid by the paymaster who pays him.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 24. New Orleans, February 13, 1864.

I. Every free white male twenty-one years of age who has been a resident of the State twelve months and six months in the parish in

---------------

* See Vol. III, this series, p. 860.

---------------

