
When all the engines are received for which contracts are made there will be on the roads running from Nashville 209 engines. This number will be barely sufficient to operate to Atlanta. Should the army move beyond Atlanta and depend upon railroad transportation the motive power will be inadequate to perform the work.

The rolling-stock in use on lines terminating on the Mississippi River is as follows: At Columbus, Ky.: Engines, 3; freight-cars, 32. At Memphis, Tenn.: Engines, 12; passenger-cars, 9; freight- cars, 141. At Vicksburg, Miss.: Engines, 2; freight-cars, 26.

In closing this somewhat disconnected report, I desire to mention the hearty co-operation of officers of all branches of the military service, particularly of Colonel J. L. Donaldson, senior and supervising quartermaster, and Colonel L. C. Easton, chief quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

I desire also to call your attention to the energy, capacity, and skill generally manifested by the officers and employes of the military railroad department in the discharge of their duties.

Nearly all have done remarkably well, and in many instances have

exhibited a coolness in danger and steadiness in the midst of perils that would have done credit to soldiers in the field.

Where so many have distinguished themselves I refrain from mentioning individual names, lest injustice be done by omitting others not less deserving.

Respectfully submitted.

A. ANDERSON,

General Supt. Government Railroads, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

[NOVEMBER 28, 1864. - For General Orders, Numbers 287, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, authorizing the organization of a new volunteer army corps to be designated the First Corps and the assignment of Major General W. S. Hancock to the command of said corps, see Series I, Vol. XLII, Part. III, p. 728.]

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 85. Washington, November 28, 1864

Deserters from the service of the United States, who returned to duty under the President's proclamation of March 10, 1863 (promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 58, 1863, from this office), are not exempt from making good to the United States the time lost by desertion, as required by paragraph Numbers 158, Revised Army Regulations of 1863, but only from the punishment incurred by such desertion.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 40. Washington, D. C., November 28, 1864.

The minimum standard of height for recruits for the volunteer service has been fixed, by the Secretary of War, at five feet, instead of five feet three inches, as heretofore established.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

