
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 29, 1864.

Major W. H. SIDELL,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Louisville, Ky.:

I am informed that it is impracticable to execute the draft in the First District of Kentucky on account of guerrilla and rebel troops that infest it. If this be so, let the draft in that district be delayed until its enforcement is practicable.

JAMES B. FRY.,

Provost-Marshal-General.

HARRISBURG, November 30, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I suggest that no sufficient provision is made here to lodge or subsist returning regiments. The men are generally delayed several days to be mustered out and paid, and often after this muster-out there is delay in paying the men. They are then left to take care of themselves at their own expense. The Seventy- sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers is here now, and has been for several days in that condition. I do not complain of any person and it may be no official has authority. It is an injustice to the men which must send them to their homes dissatisfied, and of which I feel it my duty to give notice.

A. G. CURTIN,

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 50. Washington City, November -, 1864.

The Quartermaster-General thanks Colonel J. G. Peterson, of the Second Regiment Quartermasters" Volunteers, of Nashville depot, and the officers and men of the detachments under his command, from the First, Second, and Third Regiments, and from the artillery, for their gallant conduct and patriotic service during the defense of Johnsonville, from the 3rd to the 10th of November 1864. They volunteered for the service and acquitted themselves most creditably of their duty to their country.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 86. Washington, December 1, 1864.

ENLISTMENTS AND APPOINTMENTS IN THE FIRST CORPS.

I. Persons desiring and qualified to enlist in the First Army Corps, General Hancock commanding, under General Orders, Numbers 287, current series, from this office, are hereby authorized to present themselves to any U. S. district provost-marshal, who, if the applicant appears to be qualified, will furnish a free transportation pass to Washington, D. C., where recruits will be duly enlisted and mustered into the service of the United States. The applicant must satisfy the provost-marshal that he is an able-bodied, man, fit for military service, and that he has been honorably discharged after the expiration of

