
4. If out of service, date and cause of discharge, rank at date thereof, and organization, in which service was last rendered.

5. The applicant's address must be clearly stated in all cases.

Applicants must be able to pass examination before a board of examiners.

Officers appointed will receive the necessary instructions.

The appointments will be subject to revocation in case the requisite number of men is not enlisted to perfect the organization, and will be subject to the approval and confirmation of the Senate.

V. On application by the Governor of any State, recruiting officers will be designated for such State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

Washington, D. C., December 1, 1864.

All persons desiring commissions in the First Corps, to be organized under the recent order of the War Department, must make application in writing to the Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C., setting forth their present address, the date and rank of their original entry into the service, the regimental organizations in which they have served, the date and cause of their discharge, their rank at the time they were mustered out of service, and, if they think proper, adding military recommendations from their former commanders.

Applicants must have been two years in the service, have been honorably discharged, and be physically qualified. Their military record will be examined in the Adjutant-General's Office, whence it will be referred to Major-General Hancock for the purpose of ascertaining their fitness for the positions to which they desire to be appointed. A board of officers will probably, be convened for that purpose.

After passing examination officers will receive appointments, and they may then be required to proceed at once to raise veterans under the order. When a sufficient number has been received and mustered in the officer will also be mustered in, to rank from the date of his original appointment. Further details will be stated in a subsequent circular.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FINLEY ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Concord, December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Will you please write me by return of mail and say whether there will be another call for troops? If so, how many and how soon will it come? I want to be on hand so far as New Hampshire is concerned. I expect to be in Washington in a week or ten days and desire to know about the above before I leave home.

I am, general, very truly, your friend.

J. A. GILMORE,

