
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 1, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram in respect to the want of accommodations at Harrisburg has been received and referred to Assistant Secretary Dana for investigation and such orders as the case may require.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Washington, D. C., December 3, 1864.

In reply to the numerous letters of inquiry from persons desiring to enter the First Corps, now being raised, the following is communicated as embodying all the information yet obtained:

I. AS TO ENLISTED MEN.

1. All enlistments and musters are to be made in this city.

2. Any veteran who has served two years, has been honorably discharged, and is physically qualified may enlist in the corps for one, two, or three years.

3. Those enlisting will receive from the Government a bounty of $300 as soon as they are mustered in, and in addition the regular installments from the Government, in proportion to the period of enlistment, as follows: One hundred dollars for one year's service, one-third paid on enlistments; $200 for two years" service, one-third on enlistment, and $300 for three years" service, one-third on enlistment.

4. They will be credited to the quota of the district in which they or their families may be domiciled, and will therefore be entitled to local bounties.

5. Free transportation will be furnished them to Washington by any provost-marshal. It is only necessary that the applicant should satisfy the provost-marshal that he comes under the provisions of paragraph 2, and that the application is made in good faith.

6. On arriving in Washington and reporting at the Soldiers" Rest, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Depot, veterans will be cared for and enlisted and paid promptly. They will be sent to the camp of organization at Camp Cliffburne, and will be formed into companies and regiments as they arrive, personal preferences being regarded when the good of the service will permit.

The best arms in the possession of the Government will be furnished these troops, and they will be allowed to retain their arms when honorably discharged.

II. AS TO OFFICERS.

1. Persons desiring commissions must make written application to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General of the Army, setting forth their post-office address, the date of original entry into service and with what rank, the organization in which service was rendered, the date and causes of discharge, and the rank at the time of discharge. Testimonials from commanders may accompany such applications.

2. Should the papers be favorably considered, the applicants will be severally notified, by mail or telegraph when to appear before the

