
and reservations have sapped public integrity and endangered the safety of the nation it is an unsound patriotism that criticises the form or hesitates at its renewal.

In times of public danger the Government has a right to demand an unreserved declaration of the purposes of all its people, and to provide, if necessary, an iron-clad defense against the weapons of its enemies. Those who seek its favor and protection must yield to its just demands. An exemption from all duties, and the enjoyment of all privileges at the same time, is a greater degree of happiness than is accorded to any man in this life. Let the people of Louisiana look at things as they are, and base their political action upon a declaration of loyalty that cannot be misunderstood or misinterpreted. Upon this depends the restoration of peace and of private and public prosperity.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., February 13, 1864.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

You can complete the fifth regiment of cavalry, for which you report that you have seven companies already raised; but do not raise any more, as it is not wanted by the Government. Your infantry regiments are wanted for field service immediately. Please let me know the earliest moment at which they can be ordered.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 13, 1864.

Governor SMITH,

Providence, R. I.:

The same rule is applicable to all the States in regard to crediting on the quota of 500,000. All men raised by draft and volunteering not heretofore credited will be credited on the call for 500,000. If Rhode Island has raised her quota, I would suggest that you, nevertheless, continue volunteering while Government bounties are paid, and thus create an excess to stand against the next call, which may come at any time.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, February 13, 1864.

Honorable HORACE MAYNARD,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your letter of 2nd received.* Of course Governor Johnson will proceed with reorganization as the exigencies of the case appear to him

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

