
Provost-marshals will confer with the municipal authorities with a view to preventing the mischief contemplated and will aid the civil authorities in discovering these persons and causing their arrest.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 58. Washington City, December 8, 1864.

1. The Government has received information that numbers of refugees lately within the limits of the British Provinces on our northern border have removed with the intention of obtaining employment at the depots of military stores for the purpose of incendiarism. The plots by which some months since many steam- boats on the Western rivers were fired and destroyed by rebel agents have now been extended, with the intent to attempt the destruction by fire of military stores, shipping, manufactories, and public and private property at various points throughout the loyal States.

2. The strictest vigilance and greatest car in guarding against incendiarism are enjoined upon all officers in charge of property of this department.

3. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department will employ, at depots where valuable stores are kept, no persons who have at any time within the last sixth months been living in Canada as refugees from the disloyal States or as fugitives from the draft.

4. All officers of this department will require from those whom they may employ at depots, in positions which could facilitate access to stores or store-houses, satisfactory evidence not only of loyalty, but of residence, within the loyal States, in addition to the usual oath of allegiance.

5. At posts within or near the field of active operations, refugees coming from the rebel territory, upon presenting satisfactory evidence of loyalty will be employed, if needed, but great caution must be exercised in employing such persons.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 88. Washington, December 12, 1864.

The attention of all chief mustering officers is invited to the within circular and circular letter.*

The records of this office attest that full reports have not been rendered as therein required. In consequence it is hereby directed that upon receipt hereof chief mustering officers immediately prepare and forward a statement of all troops mustered out by them, or under their direction, since May 1, 1864.

After the receipt of this reports will be rendered tri-monthly (see form herewith+), on the tenth, twentieth, and last days of each month. Circular Numbers 40 is amended accordingly.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Circular Numbers 40, May 24, 1864, p. 401, and Circular Letter of June 23, 1864., p. 450.

+Omitted.

---------------

