
Another class still more annoying are the small village and local politicians, who, relying on a real or fancied influence with the leaders in this city and at Washington, expect to have all questions affecting their local interests decided to suit themselves. One small village lawyer only yesterday left me with the positive assurance that he would have me relieved immediately, because I would not alter certain orders to suit the special cases of his clients. I do not mention these things in the way of complaint-I am, I think, entirely competent to deal with these people-but to show the Provost-Marshal-General the obstacles thrown in the way of prompt and consistent execution of my duty, and also to indicate the source of and reasons, for much of the opposition to officers in my posiotion. If they cannot use us they abuse us. I do not know that this condition of things assistant provost-marshal-general to another place. In fact though that office could be removed without detriment to the service, the offices of superintendent of volunteer recruiting service and chief mustering and disbursing officer could not, and as the same officer is head of all these offices a removal would in the main be detrimental. My offices are all contained in a large three story and attic building. The ground floor, large front room is the U. S. mustering office; the back room, same floor, was intended for disbursing office, but finding it more of importance to have the post adjutant and post- provost-marshal near me than the disbursing officer, I removed the latter to the office rented in another building by the quartermaster for the former, and vice versa. On the second floor eastman office and the offices of adjutant volunteer recruiting service. The remainder of the building (except one attic room used by quartermaster of volunteer recruiting service) is occupied by offices of acting assistant provost-marshal- general. The whole building is rented at $125 per month, paid by Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau. (See letter dated Provost- Marshal-General's Office, September 29, 1864.) Contracts have been forwarded. The office hours in all offices under my charge are from 9 a.m. to 5.30 p.m., with interval of one hour and a half of dinner. The number of working hours is increased whenever necessary at the discretion of the officers in charge. The number of clerks employed is as follows: In office of acting assistant provost-marshal-general, two at $125 per month, seven at $100, three at $75, one messenger at $30. In office of superintendent of volunteer recruiting service, one at $100, one at $90, five at $75, an assistant surgeon with pay as such, and one agent and watchman in Camp Curtin at $60 per month. In mustering office, one at $100 per month, ten at $75, and in disbursing office three at $100. All authorized by the Provost- Marshal-General. The number in the mustering office will be diminished as soon as all the rolls and work of the last rush of volunteers shall have been completed. The number in office of acting assistant provost-marshal-general will have to be increased to enable me to systematize the office and put it in complete working order.

On taking charge of the office I found but little system. There are no letter and indorsement books properly so called. Copies of letters and indorsement sent were made by hand press in a book without index or means of finding anything. Copies of all orders and circulares issued from this office are made in the same way. The accounts of the department had been shamefully neglected by the clerks in charge. Scarcely one of the provost-marshals but have numerous outstanding debts, and on my assuming charge numbers of accounts

