
enrollment and their employes, is embraced in the expense of drafting, which makes the statement rather unfair toward that mode, because these same officers and employes have mainly conducted the volunteer recruiting service the expense of which has thereby been greatly reduced. They have also secured the arrest of 39,395 deserters during the year, who are not included in the statement of men raised by draft, though the expense attending the arrests are included in cost of raising men by draft.

The bulk of the expense in raising men by draft is incurred in making the enrollment. If the laws were amended so as to require every male resident over eighteen years of age to present himself to the Board of Enrollment to be enrolled if liable, or to receive a certificate if not liable, a reduction of about two- thirds would be secured in the expense of raising men by draft, making the cost about $12 or $15 per man. Such an amendment of the law is desirable on other accounts, and I see no good reason why it should not be adopted.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 14, 1864

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

The troops for the First (Hancock's) Corps will be raised in accordance with the orders and regulations heretofore published on that subject. To make changes for individual cases would seriously prejudice the service. The Department will gladly accept for general service any number of regiments of volunteers you may be disposed to raise in accordance with the general regulations, placing them in such other corps as will best promote the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON

Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 16, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: For your further information concerning hostile enterprises organizing in Canada, I have the honor to transmit herewith dispatch Numbers 118 of our vice-consul-general at Montreal, which I will thank you to return after availing of its contents.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] Numbers 118.] U. S. CONSULATE-GENERAL, BRITISH NORTH AMERICAN PROVINCES. Montreal, December 10, 1864.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have recently had communicated to me, by a party who assumes to have been in association with the rebels at Toronto, the following statements:

This party, whose name is E. T. Sullivan, says there are a great

