. 1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
management on the part of some few banks, ex-
pandmgand extending their circulation regard-
less of the public interest; but most of them, from
. ' motives of patriotism and an enlarged apprecia-
tion of their true interest, will withdraw or dimm-
ish their circulation, so far as it may b§ necessary
to prevent an undue depreciation of the currency
of the country, which the Government now claims
■ to share with them. It was in this spit it that the
first bill authorizing the issue of legal tender notes
was received by the banks; and consequently the
rate of premium on gold was reduccd from about
five to less than two per cent, after its passage.
Unwisely, as I think, the banks have been per-
mitted to be and are now the guardians of the cur-
rency, and control it. I long since expressed the
opinion that the currency should be guarded and
controlled and secured by national law, and that
the banks should be the servants and not the mas-
ters of the current of the country; but I have a
confident hope tfrmt their business will be now
conducted with a wise foresight, to prevent a de-
preciation of the currency that would be in the end
moreinjuriousto the peopleand to the banks them-
selves than to the credit of the Government, though
they would all suffer together from the effects of
such depreciation.
The banks and capitalists, and those who sup-
port themselves by labor, have the greatest inter-
est in sustaining the credit of the Government, the
interests of labor and of property under just laws
being identical. There is a sort of partnership
between them; property furnishes all the materials
and makes all the advances necessary for the em-
ployment of labor, and no income can be derived
irom property except by the aid of labor. Where
property is best secured there the employment
of labor is most diversified and most abundantly
supplied, and the greater the skill of the labor
the more profitable it is to both. " Salary " or
" wuges^'designatestheproportion which belongs
to those who have contributed the laboi, and 44 in-
terest" that which goes to capital; any profit be-
yond these justly belongs to whoever incurs the
loss when the work results nnprofitably. I refer,
of course, to free labor. But the same truth un-
derlies the conncction between property and labor
in communities where it is said il capital owns
the labor.55 There, however, the law may be said
to be unjust, because the terms on which the labor
is employed are compulsory, and there is no in-
* centive to skilled labor. It may be worth moie to
the niastei, but nut to the man; he can get-only
his pittance of food and olothmg, whatever may
be the character of his labor, therefore he has not
the inducement for improvement which free labor
gives, of higher pay and increased comforts and
conveniences for his family, of the means for edu-
cationand improvement,and, with thriftand econ-
omy and industry, of the accumulations which
will gradually change him as he advances in life
to the position in which lie employs others.
I repeat, therefore, that the interests oflaborand
of property aie identical. To sustain the public
credit is to sustain the value of property arid to
protect the labor of the country; and any injury
to one is equally an injury to the others. If it were
not unparliamentary to refer to what is done in the
other branch of Congress, I wouid venture to ex-
press my regret that the Senate should have sanc-
tioned what seems to me a mere prejudice, by an
amendment to the tax bill fining with an extra tax
all those who have accumulated large incomes, as
if to disparage thrift and economy.
Mr. Chairman, the proverb says "it is import-
ant to put the saddle on the light horse.5' I be-
lieve that the depreciation ofthecurrency iscaused
by the action of the banks; and I will therefore
call attention again to the fact that, months before
the legal tender note bill was passed, the banks of
the country had suspended specie payments, the
premium on gold had advanced to about five per
cent.,and six per cent, stock of the United States
was selling at less than ninety per cent.; that after
the passage of that bill the premium on gold de-
clined gradually until it was below two percent.—
proving conclusively that the effect of the passage
of that bill was not to depreciate the currency. If
this was a question between Government notes
and a currency ofcoin, or of paper redeemable in
coin, there would be a force in the objection urged
of depreciation of the currency, which is wholly
inapplicable under the present circumstances,
when the currency consists of the notes of banks
that have suspended spccie payments.
The most direct and immediate cause of the re-
cent increase in the demand for gold has been to
remit for stocks sent here for sale from England.
The extent to which this has occurred during the
last few weeks has suggested that it was done in
no friendly spirit, to create a demand for gold for
the purpose of crippling the resources of this coun-
try as a new mode of aiding the enemy. To pay for
these stocks may bean immediate inconvenience,
but, the more of them we import, the less means
we shall htfve" to expend for foreign merchandise;
and this may be more effectual than the Morrill
tariff to restrain the excessive imports of European
manufactures.
I have no apprehension of any depreciation of
the currency being produced by the passage of
this bill; and as Congress by a recent act has ap-
proved of the issue of small notes, I hope the bill
will be passed with the amendment authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue, to an ex-
tent not exceeding $50,000,000, the notes of less
denominations than five dollars; and I hope the
amendment offered by my friend from Ohio to sub-
stitute for this bill the authority to issue and sell
at the market rate $100,000,000 of bonds will not
be adopted, because it is based on a different view,
and is notconformable to the theory of this meas-
ure. The honorable gentleman has been consist-
ent in his opposition to the issue of the Govern-
ment notes; but now when those who supported
the measure claim that it has just readied its ef-
fective stage, and the conversion of the notes into
the five-twenty years bonds is rapidly increasing,
it seems unwise to repudiate the measure by adopt-
ing this amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Spaulding, to strike out from line
eight, 1st page of the substitute, the words "not
less," and to insert in lieu thereof the words:
P) o fided s That no notes shall bo issued for a fractional
part of a doll.ir, and not moie than lllty million .--hall be of
less denominations.
Mr. "WATTS. I claim the indulgence of the
House for a few moments for the purpose of
making a few plain observations in a plain way
about the finances of the country. It is just as true
iii Jnhnces as in war that a bad financial cam-
paign well fought is better than a good financial
campaign badly fought. Now, I admit that it is
better for the Government of the United States, if
it is possible to do so, not to lesoit to paper cur-
rency at all to meet Government obligations. But
if it is impossible for the Govemmentto carry on
its operations under the medium of gold and silver
currency, and it must resort to paper currency,
then every consideration demands that we should
make it us good as we possibly can.
Now, the only question is, what is the best kind
of paper currency, because, whether that paper
currency which we must use to pay oiw indebt-
edness is supplied by the banks of the country or
supplied by the Government of the United States,
it does not increase or decrease the circulating me-
dium a single dollar. Gentlemen say they are
opposed to the issuing of any more T reasury notes
because that will inflate the currency. Does it
inflate it a single dollar? Does the payment of
indebtedness in Treasury notes, instead of in the
local currency, or gold and silver, increase the in-
debtedness a single dollar? Not a single dollar is
changed in the amount we have to pay, whether
we pay the indebtedness in gold and silver or the
paper currency of the Government or the local
currency of the banks.
Then, if the currency is to be inflated, the ques-
tion is whether the local banks shall do it or whether
we shall do it ourselves. Now, inasmuch as the
Treasury notes issued by the Government are
much better than this local bank paper, when it
comcs to be a con Lest between who shall inflate 
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. WATTS. Certainly.
Mr. BAKER. The Government proposes to
issue $150,000,000 of Treasury notes to be used
as currency. Do the banks propose to do any
such thing, or to increase their circulation at all ?
Mr. WATTS. In thirty-four States theyhavc
the power to do it, and we have no power to pre-
vent them, and they are just as apt to do it, if
there is any necessity for it, as anybody else.
Mr. BAKER. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will state that in one State, which controls
a large amount of the capital of the country, the
banks have no authority to increase their circula-
tion.
Mr. WATTS. But they have authority to buy
up our bonds in the market, to take up our circu-
lation, and put their circulation in the place of it,
and that is what they are doing all the time; and
the question is whether we shall pay these people
six per cent, upon our bonds for furnishing no
better currency than we can furnish ourselves.
In a contest of this kind I am in favor of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, what do these capitalists do? As soon
as a United States five dollar Treasury note gets
into market, they grab it up and put one of their
own five dollar notes into circulation in its place,
and then convert their Treasury notes into six per
cent, bonds. That is the piocess which is going
on all the time; and in that way the banks keep
their own paper in circulation, and keep the paper
of the United States out of circulation. In other
words, it is a struggle upon the part of the bank-
ing institutions of the country to bleed the Gov-
ernment of the United States to the tunc of six
per cent, upon every dollar which it is necessary
for the Government to use in carrying on this
struggle for our independence and our life.
In other words, the children of the Government
come to their father, who has protected them, and
say,4 4 give me your bonds and pay me six percent,
or I will take your life—you shall be dishonored
and discredited, and you shall not be permitted to
'prosecute the war."
Now, as to the circulation of small notes. Will
the authority to circulate small notes through the
country put a single additional dollar in circula-
tion ? Not at all. It will displace these local, in-
significant little bits of small notes that are scat-
tered all over the country, the credit of which you
can run down in half an hour, and which you
cannot get a breakfast for a hundred miles from
the place of issue, and putin their place good cir-
culating notes that will pass all over the country.
Why, what happened yesterday, or the day be-
fore? A man came here from Vermont, where
they have as good banks as theie are in the coun-
try, with fifty dollars in Vermont money in his
pocket. He wanted to go to Pittsburg Landing,
and was afraid that as soon as he got into Ohio
they would know nothing about his Vermont
money, and lie therefore changed it all for these
green-backed Treasuiy notes, because lie knew
that they would know at Pittsburg Landing, or
anywhere else, what they were made of.
Now, sir, a word or two with regard to the
magnificent financial scheme of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Baker,] who has justad-
vocated, in his elaborate essay, the banks, the
moneyed capitalists, and the shaving shops of the
country. He reminds us of the financial schemes
of a certain John Law, who flooded France with
fifty millions of promises to pay, which he never
redeemed; and he raised a warning voice to this
country and to the American Congress not to fol-
low in the footsteps of John Law. Now, that is
all very pretty rhetoric; it sounds well; but then
it has nothing whatever to do with this case.
[Laughter.] If the gentleman will demonstrate
to me that there is any analogy between the solv-
ency, the responsibility, the integrity, and faith
of this Government, with all its vast resources
upon which it can draw to redeem every dollar
of its circulating medium, and the responsibility
of John Law, who put these paper credits in cir-
culation, then I will admit the force and philoso-
phy of his argument. The very reason why I
am in favor of the Government issuing these notes
is because I believe its credit is good; but the banks
of New Yoik are John Laws, and all the other
shaving shops which are flooding the country with
notes are John Laws.
Mr, HOLM AN. I hope my friend from New
Mexico does not refer to my colleague, Mr. Law.
[Laughter.] He is not in his seat at this moment,
and the gentleman might possibly be understood
as referring to him.
Mr. WATTS. Not in the slightest degree. I
am referring to a quotation made by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Baker.] The John
Law that I am referring to was an outlaw, and not
an inlaw in this House. [Laughter.]
