THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
;The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York interpose a motion for the
taking up of the subject indicated by him?
Mr. HARRIS. if it be in order, I will move
that the Oregon case be taken up, and that all
prior orders be postponed.
The PRESUMING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, that, being a privileged question, is
entitled to be put to the Senate prior to the mo-
tioi) of the Senator from Illinois. It is in the
power, of the Senate, of course, to dispose of the
question of priority by their votes; but that will
be the first question put to the Senate.
Mr. SUM.NER. One of the most important
questions now before Congress is the bill of the
Senator from Illinois. It is practical as well ae
important. Its consideration was commenced
yesterday. A Senator took the floor in order to
address the Senate upon it, and I think it is im-
portant that it should be kept before the Seriate
until it is,decided. It is a measure with regard
to which there has been too much delay. I hope
the Senate, therefore, will not take up anything
else until it has acted upon that.
„ Mr. CARLILE. Congress has been i-n session
now, sir, nearly three months. One of the States
of this Union has been during the whole of that
period, one of the most interesting in our history,
deprived of one half of its representation. It is
due to that State that she should be informed by
the action of tins body whether the Senator she
has sent here is to be admitted or not as one of
her representatives. If admitted, she is entitled
to his voice, and to be heard through him upon
this floor, if not admitted, it is due to her that
she should have an early opportunity of selecting
some one who may prove acceptablo to the Sen-
ate. I trust, therefore, that the Senate will adopt
the motion of the Senator from New York, and
in order that those of us who desire to extend an
early hearing to the State of Oregon may have an
opportunity of recording our names, 1 ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take up for consideration the re-
port of the Judiciary Committee on the applica-
tion of Mr. Stark to be admitted as a Senator from
Oregon; and upon that question the Senator from
Virginia demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. DO0LITTLE. I'desire to say one word.
I protest, on a mere question as to the preference
of business, against our being placed in the posi-
tion of being antagonistic to one measure or an-
other measure, because we vote to give preference
to one or the other in its determination in the Sen-
ate. The case of Mr. Stark has been discussed
one or two days, and we are right in the middle
of the discussion. The hill of the Senator from
Illinois,to confiscate property, has been discussed
a day or two; and the question which was brought
in by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] on the
bill of the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
who now occupies the chair, [Mr. Foster,"] has
been discussed one or two mornings, and we are
right in the middle of the discussion of all three.
My judgment is that the one we have discussed
first, wc had better finish and have done with it,
and then take up another.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We aie losing so much
time 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion is
too late, the call of the roll having commenced, and
a Senator having* answered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that the Senator from Vir-
ginia may withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
1 will agree to let the Oregon case come up, and
let us finish that, and then I shall insist upon the
other subject being considered.
Mr. CaRLILE. Of course I will as:ree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and navs can be withdrawn by unani-
mousconsent. TheChairhearsnoobjection. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from New
York.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolution
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That Benjamin.Staik, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator ot that State by the Governor thereof, i& entitled to
take the constitutional oatii of office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire to recommit the resolution and report
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE. At the request of several friends
around me, I will withdraw that motion, with the
consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
recommit is withdrawn, and the question is upon
the resolution of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, the
amendment that I proposed the other day comes
u p in order, and I offer this as a substitute for that.
It is the original amendment in a new draft. It is
to strike out, as I proposed the other day, after
the word " thereof," in the second line of the res-
olution, the residue in the following words, " is
entitled to take the constitutional oath of 03106,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Now charged with disloyalty by the affidavits of many
citizens of Oregon, and also by a letter addressed to the Sec-
retary of State and signed by many citizens of Oregon, some
of whom hold public trusts under the United States, is not
entitled to take the constitutional oath of office without a
previous investigation into the tiuth of the charge.
So that the resolution would then read:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator of that Stale by the Governor thereof, now charged
with disloyalty by the affidavits of many citizens of Oregon,
and also by a letter addressed to iho Secretary of State, and
signed by many citizens of Oregon, some of whom hold
public trusts under the United State?, is not entitled to take
the constitutional oath of office without a previous investi-
gation into the truth of the ehaige.
On that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I am unwilling to speak as;ain
in this debate. So reluctant am I, that nothing
but a sense of duty could make me break silence.
But I am determined that this Chamber of high
trust, so carefully guarded by the Constitution,
shall not be opened io disloyalty, if any argument,
any suggestion, or any persuasion of mine can
prevent it.
Of course, in this debate, something is assumed.
Tt is simply this: that the evidence touching the
loyalty of the claimant is not valueless; that it is
entitled to attention; that it affords proZmbZe cause,
if I may adopt the phrase of the Roman law, for
distrust; that it is enough, simply, to puta party
on the defensive. If this be the case; if all these
affidavits, verified by the certificate so numerous-
ly signed, are not put aside as baseless; then the
Senate must inquire into the validity of the charge.
The result of the inquiry may be one way or an-
other; but the inquiry must be made. Ttis an aban-
donment of present duty not to make the inquiry,
and it is an abandonment of an essential right of
self-defense not to assert the power.
i have listened to the various arguments urged
to induce the Senate to disarm itself as they have
been presented by able Senators. I have listened
to the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] to
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] and
I have felt, us I listened, new confidence in the
constitutional power of the Senate Uyjrotect itself
at all times against disloyalty, and in the duty of
the Senate to exercise this constitutional power at
any time, early or late, in its completest discre-
tion.
But it is said—and I believe the Senator from
Maine first presented this argument which has
been urged so strongly by the Senator fi om Wis-
consin—that if we reject the present claimant,
Oregon will be without a representative. And if
we expel him, will not Oregon be without a rep-
resentative? Surely this is no reason why we
should hesitate in either case. I, too, desire to
secure a representative for Oregon; but I know
full well thatadisloyal representative is no repre-
sentative; orrather, sir, itis worse than no repre-
sentative. In insisting upon such a representative,
you sacrificc substance to form; you abandon the
living principle and content yourselves with the
dead letter; you keep the word of promise to the
ear, and break it to the heart; you offer to the peo-
ple of Oregon a stone, when they demand bread.
In the name of the people of Oregon, whose wishes
are manifest in the papers now before us, i pro-
test against the pretention that they can be repre-
sented by a disloyal person. Misrepresentation
is not and never can be representation.
Rut it is said—and 1 believe the Senator from
Maine made that argument—that the evidence
against the claimant, if sustained, might justify
expulsion; but it will not justify a refusal to admit
him to take the oath.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will state
my position as I put it; and that was, if the same
language and declarations were proved as coming
from Mr. Stark while a Senator, I thought they
might justify his expulsion.
Mr."SUMNER. The Senator says that if the
same language had been used while he was a Sen-
ator it might justify expulsion. That is enough,
sir; and yet the Senator argues that it will not jus-
tify the Senate at this stage in refusing to open its
doors to him. In plain terms, the Senate may pro-
nounce the stigma of expulsion, but not the judg-
ment of exclusion. A similarabsurdity would be
to say, that in private life a certain offense would
justify us in kicking an intruder down stairs, but
would not justify us in refusing him admission
to our house. It i3 enough to state this case.
Nothing can be clcarer in the light of reason—and
I say also of the Constitution—than that it is
the duty of the Senate to meet disloyalty on the
threshold; to say to it, wherever it first shows
itself, that this Chamber is no place for it. The
ancient Hebrew pictured his desolation when he
said that he could not go forth to meet his enemy
at the gate. Desolate will be the Senate when it
cannot meet disloyalty at the gate.
But the Senator from Maine has complained, and
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] joined
him in this complaint, that the claimant is not al-
lowed to purge himself by his oath; thus using a
technical phrase of the law, applicable chiefly to
suspected persons. Not allowed to purge him-
self! Rather say, sir, not allowed to perjure him-
self. For, in view of the testimony now on your
table, the inference is unhappily too strong, that
in any oath to support the Constitution, he must
perjure himself. 1 say this with pain, and with-
out any desire to prejudge the case; but simply
because the facts, as they appear without contra-
diction, leave no opportunity for any other con-
clusion.
But since complaint is made by learned lawyers,
that the claimant is not allowed to purge himself,
I desire to adduce a legal analogy on this ques-
tion. It is well known that, by the common law,
a person is not permitted to take an oath who does
not believe in God. This is the general principle;
but when we look at the application of this princi-
ple we shall see how completely it illustrates the
present case. If a person is known to have openly
and recently declared his disbelief, he will not be
permitted to purge himself by his oath, for the rea-
son that his own declarations are decisive. Here
is the text on this point, in the authoritative work
of Mr. Greenleaf on the iaw of evidence:
" ft should here be observed that defect of religious faith
is never piesumcd."
I would add, as defactof political faith is never
presumed:
"On the contrary, the law presumes that every man
brought up in a Christian land, where God is gencially ac-
knowledged, doctj believe m Him and fear Him. The char-
ity of its judgment is extended alike to all."
Precisely as when the claimant comes to this
body and offers to take the oath, the charity of the
Constitution supposes him to be loyal; but it does
not go further, and refuse to consider the evidence
of disloyalty. The authority then proceeds:
"The burden of proof is not on the party adducing the
wanes* to piove that he is a behevei ; but it h on the ob-
jecting party to prove that he is not. Neither docs the law
presume that any man is a hjpoeritc. On the comrarv. it
presumes him to be what he pioiesseshitns.eli'to be. whether
atheist or Christian; and the £tate of a man's opinions, a*
well as the sanity of hi-, mind, being once pioved, is, as we
have alteady seen, presumed to continue unchanged till
the contrary is shown. The state of his religions belief, at
the time he is offered as a witness, is the fact to be ascer-
tained ; and this is presumed to be the common faith of me
country, unless the objector can prove that it not. The
oidmary mode of showing this is by evidence ot' his* decla-
rations proviouflv made to others, the peison himself not
being interrogated."
I apply this principle precisely to the question
in hand: " the ordinary mode of showing this is
by evidence of his declarations previously made to
others"—precisely as it is now proposed to show
the sentiments of the present claimant. .Then, in
a note, this authority proceeds, as follows;
"It has bem questioned, whether the evidence of his
declarations ought net to be confined to a peiiod shortly
antei tor to the tune of proving them, -o that no change of
opinion might be presumed. (Biock r.s. Miliigan, l~YVil-
cox, 1*56, pei Wood. J ) The witno^ himself is never ques-
tioned m modern piactice as tolas religious belief: though
formerly it was otherwise. (1 Swift's Dig., 739; 5 Mason,
