1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
it is, I shall have but one reply to make—that man
either lies or is without the responsibility of a man.
But, sir, let me tell you what you and your
party have done in voting for Abraham Lincoln.
You have laid down a platform aggressive upon
the Constitution of your country. You have
avowed principles contrary to the fundamental
law of the land; you still advocate them. I do
not say you are dishonest in advocating them. I
give you credit for sincerity. We have met them,
and warred against them just as honestly as you
have combated for them. I think that your ar-
guments, your declarations, your assertions, as
to what you meant to do if you got the reins of
power, have done more to dissolve this Union
than anything else. The Senator from Vermont
says, let us tell the truth. Let us tell it, sir. You
have given Jefferson Davis and his men the only
capital they had. They proclaimed that if you
got into power you meant to do certain things.
You dented it. Upon your accession to power,
contrary to my honest judgment, contrary to my
wish, they retired from this Chamber, they left
your halls of legislation, and they undertook to
set up a miserable flag, upon which were the bars
and stripes, instead of the stars and stripes.
Mr. President, let men say what they please,
let them impute what they please, I never intend
to live under the bars and stripes. I intend to
live either under the stars and stripes or under
some foreign flag. I opposed them then. I was
denounced by some of them as a very good south-
ern abolitionist. In council I warred against them,
when I was invited to their council. Against their
action I have uniformly warred, and T intend to
war; but, sir, f ask you, do not dissipate the
dreams of my childhood; do not tell me that the
lesson I learned around the patriotic hearthstone
is a delusion and a lie ; do not tell me that when
I heard my father and my kinsfolks talk of this
as the greatest, the freest, and the happiest nation
on earth, they were mistaken. Sir, by your le-
gislation you arc teaching every man in the bor-
der States to think that you are prosecuting the
war, not for what they cherish and for what they
can honestly fight this battle, the preservation of
the Union and the Constitution of the country,
but for another object—universal emancipation;
for which, if you are honest men, you cannot
prosecute it a single hour or a single day justly,
but must bring down upon your heads not only
the anathemas of the present, but the execration
of the future.
Here is my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
who differs very widely from me, so far as De-
mocracy is concerned; but I believe he has a com-
mon purpose at heart with me—the integrity of
the Union and the preservation of the Constitu-
tion. Do not tell us that you deluded and de-
ceived us in the promises you made when you
declared that you would not interfere with our
domestic institutions, that you meant only this
war for the preservation of the Union and the
Constitution. Fight the battles that you are fight-
ing for the preservation of the Union formed by
our fathers, upon the only proper basis of a Union
of fieo men, of equal States, for the perpetuation
of the Constitution which our fathers formed,and
we will go as far as he who goes furthest; but tell
us that, by some insidious tiick, by some legisla-
tive device, you mean to render it an occasion to
destroy the freedom of the legislation and the in-
dependence of the States, that you mean to as-
sume to yourselves what your fathers and ours
never meant you to have—the right to regulate
our domestic institutions; and while we will never
raise a hand against the old flag, even though it
be borne by what we consider disunion hands in
the North, we can only stand by and look on.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
vote will be taken on my motion to proceed to
the consideration of executive business. It is
very important to have a brief executive session.
Mr. .TRUMBULL. Before that motion is put,
I desire to present,with a view to have it printed,
what I will offer as a substitute for the first sec-
tion of the original bill as it is now pending. The
ongmal bill was amended, on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] by limiting
theconfiscation to classes of persons. Thatamend*
ment has not been printed m the bill, and 1 think
the language of it is a little awkward. There
have been a great many criticisms on the first sec-
tion of the bill. Gentleman have thought proper
to understand it differently from what I intended;
and in order to make it more clear, not alter its
legal effect, as it was intended by me at any rate,
at the proper time I will offer what I now present
as a substitute for the first section; making it, I
trust, more clear to some of those gentlemen who
have made objections to it, which I think it is not
obnoxious to. I simply ask that this amendment
may be printed.
The proposed amendment was received inform-
ally, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the other pending
amendment will also be printed at the same time.
ThePRESlDINGOFFICER. Towhatamend-
ment does the Senatoi refer?
Mr. ANTHONY. Ttie amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I move that it be
prin ted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up a bill reported this morning
from the Committee on Commerce. Since it, was
reported, 1 have received a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which I will send to the
desk, and ask to have read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insist upon his motion?
The motion of the Senator from Michigan is not
in order. There is a bill before the Senate not
disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before passing from the
printing question, 1 wish to state that the Senator
from Vermont suggests to me that he would like
to see the first section of this bill as it has been
amended in print. I move that the bill as it has
been amended be printed. Then Senators will
see exactly how it stands at the present time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the House
of Representatives have passed to-day the iden-
tical bill to which I alluded, and itis very import-
ant that it should be acted on promptly. The
Committee* on Commerce recommend an amend-
ment which I shall offer if the bill be taken up. I
move now to take up the House bill to amend the
act of July last, in relation to the collection of
duties on imports.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not in order. There is a bill before the Senate at
this moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I can say
to the Senator from Michigan, that I understand
there will be objection to the bill alluded to by
him. I must therefore insist on my motion.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, which I shall propose to the substitute of
the Senator from Vermont, and I move that it be
printed.
The proposed amendment was received, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is of very
great importance that we have a brief executive
session to-day. I therefore insist on the motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 2, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Commerce
a bill supplementary to an act approved the 13th
of July, 1861, entitled " An act for the collection
of duties on imports, and for other purposes."
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is important that
this bill should be passed at once, as will be seen
by the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, J3pril 30, 1862.
Sir: The possession of New Oileansmakes caily aetion
on the bill herewith transmitted highly important to the pub-
lic interest. Jt if a copy, with some modifications, of the
bill sent to the committee a few day? emcp.
May I ask for it the earliest convenient consideration of
your committee and of the House?
With great respect, S. P. CHASE.
Hon. E. JB. Washburne,
Chairman Committee on Commerce.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed,and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 124) relating
to highways in the county of Washington and
District of Columbia; when the Speaker signed
the same.
NEW MEMBER OF A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Blair, of Pennsylvania, to fill the
vacancy in the Committee on Territories, caused
by the resignation of Mr. Bailey, of Massachu-
setts.
HORACE M. IIEISKELL.
Mr. VERREE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Horace M.
Heiskell, a paymaster in the United States Navy;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
cngiossed it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. ELY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a privileged
question. When the vote was taken in this House
on the bill emancipating slaves in the District of
Columbia, I was absent from my scat in conse-
quencc of illness. If I had been present 1 would
have voted in the affirmative. I now record my
vote in the affirmative.
S. L. PHELPS, ETC.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, made adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed:
Petition of S. L. Phelps, lieutenantUnited States
Navy;
Petition of W. T. Smithson, assignee of W.
B. Drafer, for compensation for services rendered
the United States with the Japan expedition; and
Petition of T. A. Craven, commander United
States Navy, for compensation for extra ser-
vices.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, it was or-
dered that the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the fol-
lowing cases, and that they be laid upon the tablo:
Resolution of the House in region to the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard and naval depot at
Cape Girardeau, Missouri;
A communication in relation to the signal ser-
vice; and
Resolution of the House in reference to the ne-
cessity of repealing the eighth section of the act
of Congress to further promote the efficiency of
the Navy, approved December 21, 1861.
STEAM LINE FltOM CALIFORNIA TO CHINA.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, it was ordered
that the Committee on Naval Affairs be discharged
from the further consideration of a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, relative to the establishment of a steam
line from that city to China; and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
COLONEL JOSEPH PADDOCK, ETC.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported bills of the following titles; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying reports,
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Colonel Joseph Paddock;
and
A bill for the relief of the assistant surgeons,
medical cadets, sisters of charity, and servants,
sufferers by the burning of the Washington In-
firmary on the night of the 3d of November, 1861.
