THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
.loyalty as a question of fact now, as it will be at
any futuie time. Considering the remoteness of
' the locality whence the testimony must be ob-
tained, I come to tin- conclusion, that all the facts^
.^iid all'tha evidence bearing upon the question of
-,the loyalty. of the gentleman from Oregon that
.cpuUi hi? got before the Senate at the present ses-
sion of Congress are now before the Senate.
Now, the question with me is this: maintaining
the right of the Senate to inquire into the fact of
- the loyalty of the gentleman, and to refuse to re-
" ceive mm,ifthey find beyond all reasonable doubt
' that he is so disloyal as to disqualify him from a
proper discharge of his duties as a Senator, con-
ceding that position of constitutional law, the
point then arises upon the testimony now before
the Senate, is it sufficient to establish the fact of
his disloyalty so clearly, so conclusively to the
minds of the Senate, as to authorize them to ex-
clude him from his seat on this floor. 1 say, Mr.
President, it does not satisfy my mind upon that
proposition.
- What is a Senator's loyalty? 1 might turn to
the-Senator from Massachusetts and ask him,
what is his loyalty to the Constitution 5 If that
question was propounded to half the lawyers of
this Union, I doubt whether it would not be re-
sponded to largely that he was not loyal to the
Constitution of the United States. What does
loyalty-to the Constitution mean? It means to
support it in its principle as it is written; to up-
hold it. Well, sir, if I see the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, or any other Senator here, willing to
trample down the Constitution into the dust in
some of its most important principles and pro-
visions, would not that state of the case authorize
me to come to the conclusion that he himself was
disloyal to the Constitution, and more so than
these ex parte illegal affidavits prove the gentle-
man from Oregon to be?
Mr. President, we had a case involving this
principle before the Senate a few weeks ago; and
in the discussion and adjudgment of that case, the
principle seemed to be generally conceded, that
an abstract opinion, however disloyal it might
be, unaccompanied by an overt act, was not suffi-
cient to expel a member from the Senate. That
was my own proposition and my own principle,
and I now adhere to it; 1 maintain it against all
odds. A man to commit the crime of'treason
must perform an overt act. No opinions however
disloyal to the Government; no opinions how-
ever treasonable to the United States, unaccom-
panied by an overt at t, consulate treason. Sir,
there must bo action and ovoit acts to constitute
treason; and &hort of overt acts with the intent
to commit treason, there is no treason at. all. 1
can take the resolutions of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, offered upon this floor, and 1 can
.prove from them to the. Supreme Court of the
United Slates, or to any lawyer of ability and in-
dependence and integrity, that his opinions are
more untrue and more destructive to the princi-
ples of the Constitution and the Government of
the United States, or equally so, than any opin-
ions attributed even by this ex parte proof to the
gentleman from Oregon. The gentleman from
Massachusetts Will differ from me in my estimate
of his loyalty to the Constitution; so probably
will a majority of the Senate; 1 do not know; but
whether he differs from me or not, that is my
judgment of the relative state of the case between
him and the gentleman who applies to be admit-
ted to a seat on this floor as a representative of
the State of Oregon.
Weil, what does it prove? It proves that there
may be a contrariety of opinion about such mat-
ters, and that as to the paiticular loyalty or dis-
loyalty of different gentlemen, there may be a dif-
ference of judgment and of opinion. What is it
that constitutes disloyalty ? What is it that consti-
tutes a sufficient amount of disloyalty to exclude
a member from the Senate, either upon expulsion
or when ho applies to qualify as a member ofthe
body? What facts amount to disloyalty? By
what principles or definitions will you idontifyit:
How will you ascertain it? 1 lay down this prop-
osition with perfect confidence, that when a gen-
tleman presents himself to the Senate, and asks to
be admitted as a Senator upon this floor, and you
seek to exclude him for previously declared opin-
ions, you must make out the clearest, the most
satisfactory and conclusive case against htm. In-
deed, I take a stronger position than that; I say
that no amount of opinions, however definite and
piecise and strong, that may have been expressed,
although they may be proven, not by ex parte af-
fidavits taken from the enemies of the party who
applies for admission, but by testimony taken
according to the strictest forms of legal evidence,
unless they establish overt action in connection
with hisdisloyaland treasonable principles, would
be sufficient to expel him or to deny him the priv-
ilege of taking the oath when he caine with the
proper credentials to represent his State as a mem-
ber of this body.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
had better beware what measures he puts up here.
He may make a sort of bed of Procrustes, and he
may be called upon to lie upon that bed himself
in the vicissitudes of senatorial and political par-
ties. I remember that a few years ago there was
another and antagonistic party in possession of
this Government that were as haughty, as domi-
neering, and as proscriptive as the gentleman from
Massachusetts is; but a change has come over the
country, and they have been thrown down from
their scats of power. It may be so with him, and
in a very short tifne, too, forthere is much change
in life, and especially in political life. I warn the
gentleman to be cautious what sort of political
rules and measures he puts up, lest he himself be
made some of these days to submit to them, and
he may find himself wanting in coming up to the
measure that he prescribes.
Mr. President, I have said thus much in ex-
planation of the vote that I intend to give. Iam
sorry that I said a word on a former day in rela-
tion to this subject, if I had not, and did not
intend to vote in a manner seemingly different
from the position winch I then assumed, (though
there is really no difference at all,) 1 should not
now have said a word, but have silently voted.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have so far
upon this case refrained from expressing any opin-
ion at all, and I am very free to say that I have
done so for the reason that I had no guide in the
forming of such an opinion, if it is to be the rule
of this body that men are to bo expelled from it,
kept out of it, by the mere caprice of the sitting
members,! fear that wo. arc in that position which
has been so eloquently described by the Senator
from Kentucky, where no one of us may know
at what time the blow may fall on his own head.
I had supposed that in all matters of this kind,
where facts were to be ascertained and determined,
tribunals were established by law for their ascer-
tainment and determination; and that when the
proper tribunal had found the facts, there was an
end of it, and nobody el.se had aright to inquire
further. A familiar illustration of tins may serve.
When my brother King, who sits at my si le,
is elected a Senator from New York, i take it that
that establishes everything which is necessary in
relation to him, except, perhaps, the questions of
his age, how loyg he had been a citizen,and where
ho lived at thu time. Certainly it would be a very
singular objection if I were to observe here thai
he ought to be kept out because he was not a man
of sufficient talent, genius, or learning. It would
be equally absuid if I were to object on the eeoie
that he was not a man of good moral character.
So, 1 take it, if I were to object on the score of
his want of loyalty to the country, he would very
properly say to me, " Sir, if you will attend to
the concerns of Pennsylvania, it is more than
likely that New York will be able to attend to her
own affairs."
Here, in this case, the State of Oregon, through
her constituted authorities, has appointed Mr.
Stark a member of this body, and he proposes to
qualify himself by taking the necessary oath.
Now, what further can wo require? It is not de-
> med, I understand, that he is of proper age; that
! he has been nine years a citizen of the United
I States, and that he is at the present time, and was
j at the time he was appointed,an inhabitant of the
: State of Oregon. What further have we to do?
| Can we review the decision of Oregon upon the
question raised here? Are we to deteimme Air.
Stark's capacity other than as to his constitutional
qualifications.. Can we say that he is not wise
i > enough, that he is not religious enough, or that ho is
i! not loyal enough ? To my mind, the thing wears
j1 nuairof absurdity: and, as the Senator from Mas-
j sachusotts dehghts m comedy, loves to see the
,, great actors, while he sits upon tiic benches of
!i the pit or parquette, the boxes or gallery, as tin*
case may be, I should think he would have im-
proved this comedy very much if he had moved,
before we considered this case, that we should go
into executive session, because it looks to me very
much like sitting on the confirmation of Mr. Stark
the same as though his name had been sent to us
upon an appointment from the President.
" If that is to be the rule of this body, if we are
tcf*inquire as to all these things which are dehors
the Constitution, and which are unknown to the
law, I should like some gentleman to answer the
question, what is disloyalty ? I know what trea-
son is. That is a term known—well defined by
the law; and when I am called upon to determine
a case involving it, I have something to guide me.
But what is disloyalty ? Is it that a man does not
feel kindly towards this Administration ? Is it
that he docs notfeel kindly towards our Constitu-
tion ? What is it ? Is it to consist in mere verbal
utterances, without overt acts as a proof of it? I
should like very much to hear the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who talks so much about
disloyalty, give us something like a legal defini-
tion of it, wherein it consists, how it is limited,
bounded, and defined.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator appeals to me.
Mr. COWAN. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand the report
of the Judiciary Committee, containing a letter
addressed to Hon. William H. Seward, Secretary
of State, and signed by William H. Rector, su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon, William
C. Johnson, member of the State central commit-
tee, E. 13. Comlon, Indian agent, A.. R. Clough,
i Levi Anderson, Colburn Barrell, Henry Failing,
j John S. White, W. H. Bamhart,S. G. Reed, H.
| W. Corbett, chairman of the Republican State
t central committee, Simeon Francis, and Samuel
E. Barr, being thirteen names in all; and all of
these gentlemen m this paper addressed to the
Secretary of State, make the following averment
of their own knowledge:
''Mr. Staik, who e> a resident here, and pci^onally known
to us all-, lias been for the past twelve mouths an ardent
advocate of the cause of the lcbellious Stated. He has
openly avowed Ins sympathies with the South, declaring
the Government disrupted, and openly expressing his ad-
muation for the constitution ofthe confederated Stares, and
advocating the absoiption of the loyal Sta'tes of the Union
in the southern eonfcdei.icy under that constitution as the
only moans of restoring peace."
And now the Senator asks mo for a definition
of disloyalty. To that inquiry I reply categori-
cally precisely on the facts before us, and I say
that if that statement thus authenticated by these
thiutccn citizens of Oregon be true, then is the pres-
ent claimant a disloyal man; and further I say that
those tacts in every respect, beyond all question,
beyond every peradventure, constitute disloyalty,
disloyalty with regard to which there can be no
question, arfd which if, when presented as it now
is to the Senate, this body shall fail to sit in judg-
ment upon, it will solemnly stultify itself before
the world. That is my reply to the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. Ifthc gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will pardon me, I will take Jeave to call
his attention to some further evidence in the case.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I allude to what is to bS found
on page 1 of the same report, in which a sworn
witness testifies as follows:
"That in the month of February, 1861, he heard said Ben-
jamin Stmk make; use of the folio winy languages snlwtance
at the po-t otilee m the eit\ of Portland: ' ft there is to be
any war between the North and South all my piopeity is
lot s-ale at fKty cent-) on the dollar, and I will #o and help
the South fiirht. The palmetto flag is my flag. The south-
ern contcdeiMcy i* the only legal government in existence;
that the United State?? Government is btoken up; that Jeff
Davi- i- lisjhtina: in a good cause, and it will be impossible
to detcat him 1"
Mr. CARLILE. What is the name of that
man >
Mr. HOWARD. Wesley C. Hull.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I asked for an
egg and received a stone. I wanted a definition;
I was treated to an example. Now, I am just as
wise as I was when I staited. What is the defi-
nition of the word disloyalty—what does it mean?
Does it mean openly talking against the United
vStates? If that is the meaning of it, say so. Or
! does if monn offering to sell your property for half
I price ?
| Mr. HOWARD. Offering to fight.
Mr. COWAN. Does it tn<--an, then, in an offer
! togoand help theenemy to light? A111 wantisthe
i duiiniUon; I want something to guide me. I have
