1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
no particular loaning one way or the other here;
but I do think that when a man is to be keptaway
from his rights, and deprived of them, he should
be deprived by law, and that that law should be
written down; that he should know it; that every-
body should know it. You cannot deprive him
of a right unless you do it by law; nor can you
punish him unless you do ii by law. Now, where
is there anything in the world, in the shape of a
law, which has made this kind of speaking, or this
kind of offering, unlawful? Everybody knows it
is exceedingly imprudent, and mischievous, and
unfortunate—nobody denies that; but still the ques-
tion remains, whether it has ever been declared
unlawful, and whether we are to declare it so now.
If we are, I am as willing to abide by it as any-
body; but 1 want it definitely written down, so
that we can be guided hereafter by it.
In other words, Mi. President, I do not want
youi seat here, nor mine, nor that of any other
member, to depend upon the caprice of a major-
ity of my fellows. You, sir, are in the same po-
sition, t suppose, that we are. After the whole
people of the United States have decided upon
your qualifications, and you come into this Sen-
ate to take your seat upon the chair there, are we
to anogate to ourselves the right to review their
decision and deteimine upon your qualifications,
not constitutional qualifications, but such qualifi-
cations as we in our wisdom may fancy you ought
to have? Surely this never happened ill any de-
liberative assembly before. Surely it must be the
offspring of these excited times. And if there is
anything we should guard against, if we wish to
preserve the integrity of the country, and the in-
tegrity of its institutions, we ought to avoid these
excessive measures, these new doctrines.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wanf an
answer?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator put a question;
he asked whether it would be for the Senate to sit
m judgment on the qualifications of the Vice Pres-
ident when ho comes forward to take the oath.
Does the Constitution make the Senate the judge
of the qualifications or of the election of the Vice
President? It makes the Senate the judge of the
qualifications and of the elections of its own mem-
bers, and it is in the exercise of that power that
I insist that the Senate must, at this moment, sit
in judgment on the claimant from Oregon.
Mr. COWAN. Then i answer the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, by telling him that
the qualifications of a Senator of the United States
are seLforth in this book, (the Constitution,-) and
that he has no right to add a single jot or tittle to
them one way or the, other; nobody any where on
the earth has that right. These qualifications are
put down in this book. Not satisfied with the
constitutional qualifications, he pioposes to go
outside, and set up his own standard by which to
measuie those who come here to take seats.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that, in judging of the qualifications
of Senatois, the Constitution simply means that
the Senate snail asceitain the fact whether they
have the qualifications prescribed by that instru-
ment. The Senate, in their authority to judge of
the qualifications of a member, 111 the first instance,
may iiaquire into the fact whether he has the con-
stitutional qualifications, but no fuithcr.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose that since the for-
mation of tile Constitution down to this present
speaking, nobody has ever had a doubt of the
meaning of the Constitution in this respect. We
are the judges of the election of the members of
this body. Why ? Becausc we arc supposed to
be impartial. If it be questioned as to which of
two men has a majority of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, for example, we decide. We are the judges
of the election; and, 1 suppose, fiom a paiity of
reasoning, we are also the judges of an appoint-
ment by tiie Governor. Beyond that, we are the
judges of the qualifications of the Senator—not his
qualifications as to intellect, not his qualifications
as to morality; not his qualifications as to any par-
ticular religious or political belief, but his consti-
tufioiialqualifications. Somebody may get up and
say " lie is too young; he is not thirty years of
age;'5 we try that question, and, therefore, we are
to judge of it. Another may object and say " He
has not been in (he couniiy nine yeais." Albert
Gailatin, fiom my neighborhood, was once [ire-
vented from taking his scat in the Senate because
at the time he offered himself he had not been nine
years a citizen of the United States. He came
from Switzerland. So, too, if it be objected that,
at the time of his appointment, he was not an in-
habitant of the State he proposes to represent, we
are to try that But beyond the subjects men-
tioned in the Constitution, we have no authority
whatever; and to assume or to attempt to assume
authority outside of that is to strike a blow at the
Constitution, and a worse blow than gentlemen
who are continually lauding it in their speeches
suppose admitting men of doubtful loyalty would
be.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. Before my honorable friend
concludes I desiie to ask him a single question,
as this subject may have been under his consider-
ation, he being one of the committee. My ques-
tion is, whether, if the gentleman from Oregon be
admitted to be sworn, and if the fact be that pre-
vious to his being sworn in he has been a traitor
to the United States, can we, after he is sworn,
then raise a question and expel him from the seat
because he has been a traitor before we admit
him, or must wo only expel him for some act of
treason or disloyalty committed after he has been
admitted as a Senator?
Mr. COWAN. I suppose I am entitled to the
same privilege that a judge would be entitled to
under these circumstances, and that I may be
allowed to say that when that case arises 1 will
decide it. It is not here yet. It is enough for us
to determine that which we have in hand. The
question here, as I think, is whether Mr. Stark
has the proper constitutional qualifications to be
a Senator; whether he is regularly appointed;
whether lie is willing to take the oath to sustain
the Constitution of the United States? If it shall
turn out next week or next year that he has been
at some time heretofore a traitor, a murderer, or
what not, I have a very simple way for solving
that question. There is the law, there is the court;
why not indict and try him? We may punish a
member here for disoiderly behavior, if he be-
comes so troublesome as to prevent the transac-
tion of the ordinary business of the Senate. W ith
the concurrence of two thirds, if he becomes so
bad that punishment will not effect his reforma-
tion, we have a light to expel him. I am aware
that that last clause has been declared a substan-
tive one, and was taken advantage of m the Senate,
at a very early period, to expel a member for other
improprieties than those properly falling within
the phrase "disorderly behavior."
Iam rather inclined to think that it was improper
at the time, and a stretch of the meaning of that
section which may hereafter occasion difficulty,
if it be persisted in.' We should stand upon the
simple rules of the law as wc find them. I sup-
pose a Senator has no mow immunity for his
crimes than anybody else. If <we of us should
commit a crime, I do nut see any reason why we
should not be taken into court and treated pre-
cisely in the same way as the humblest citizen,
and I think that is the right way, and then we
avoid these questions. If, on the other hand, wc
do not commit crime, if we only do those things
which by the common consent of everybody all
of us have a right to do, we arc not amenable.
The law does not pretend to punish everything
that is wrong; but it makes the just allowance that
all have failings and imperfections, nay, even sins
and transgressions—and by the governmental
compact these shall not be accounted crimes or
misdemeanors, and no man is to be arraigned for
them. I suppose a Senator has not any more
immunity than anybody else, and that lie has the
same right to the exempted offenses that the peo-
ple outside have. If we violate the law, and pass
the boundaries fixed by it, then punish us as other
people.
Mr. WILMOT. Mr. President, I suppose it
is proper to come back again to the question,
which I understand to be "this: The gentleman
from Oregon presents himself here claiming a seat
as a Senator; he is met upon the threshold by^
representations from very respectable sources in
his own State, declaring his disloyalty. The
point is, whether we shall admit him without in-
vestigating that matter. It may be proper to at-
tempt a definition of disloyalty, as it is called for
by my colleague. If I shall say that it is unfaith-
fulness to the country and to the Constitution, lie
may require a definition of that; but substituting
the word " unfaithfulness" for " disloyalty, he
understands it—every gentleman understands it.
It is infidelity to the country, sympathizing with
and adhering to and supporting its enemies,-w.ot
by overt acts which constitute treason, but by open
expressions of.sympathy and adherence and sup-
port. Wc are not now trying the question of the
loyalty of the Senator from Oregon; we are merely
determining when we shall enter upon tbatjques-
"tion. My colleague, and other Senators here., say
they will enter upon it, if ever, after he shall have
been admitted to a seat; then-.they will jtry die
question of whether he be a loyal man or .whether
he be not. If I .understand, that is tie .position
they take. * ' *
Now, sir, would it not be a farce to admit :to a .
seat in this body an acknowledged disloyal man;
a man that every one of us was ready to pronounce
disloyal, unfaithful to the country and to his ob-
ligations as a citizen; to permit him to he swori>,
and then to turn him out? Itmostcertainly would,
in my judgment. There can be no reasonable ob-
jection to trying the question of his loyalty or dis-
loyalty here when he presents himself. This is
not like the House of Representatives. That is
a body that is disorganized every two years; for
lengthy periods of time, it has no organized exist-
ence; and if every member of the House of Rep-
resentatives were to be met by the same objection)
and it were first to be tried, the House coufd never
be organized. This body, however, is in perma-
nent organization; it is never disorganized, and
hence the distinction between the action of the two
Houses is a clear one, and a very proper ope. A
gentleman presents himself here to be sworn as a
Senator; he is met by representations of his dis-
loyalty. Now, suppose the claimant to this seat
were admitted to this floor, and he should, as a
Senator in this body, assert what these respecta-
ble gentlemen say he asserted in Oregon, would
you permit him to continue to sit here? I imagine
not; I imagine that not a member of this body
would permit him to sit here longer ^ under such
circumstances. The simple question is, when will
you inquire into the fact? We do not by the vote
on the pending proposition pronounce him dis-
loyal; we know nothing about it, except from the
representations which are made to us; and we pro-
pose now, in the very outset, to inquire into the
fact; and if it turns out to be true that he is dis-
loyal, that he is unfaithful to the country and to
the Constitution, we then propose to refuse him
a seat in this body. Certainly, it seems to me en-
tirely proper that we should do so. If he were
admitted here, and his disloyalty were made per-
fectly manifest and clear, if he declared herein the
Senate the sentiments which it is represented that
he proclaimed in Oregon, most certainly the Sen-
ate would expel him; there can be no doubt of it.
Then are we to admit a man for the purpose of
going through the form of his expulsion? My
colleague says we do not try the religious qualifi-
tions of a man; we do not try his intellectual
qualifications 
Mr. COWAN. Will my colleague allow me to
ask him. whether there was any motion made in the
Senate to expel Jefferson Davis, Robert Toombs,
and divers other gentlemen who talked infinitely
more mischievous talk than all that is alleged
against'this gentleman ?
Mr. WILMOT. The Senate then had really
no power to enforce any such expulsion.
Mr. COWAN. It seems to me that it was the
duty of somebody to try.
Mr. WILMOT. My impression is that some
motion was made with that view; but it matters
not. When the Senate was powerless to carry
out its purpose of expulsion, the fact that it was
not done furnishes certainly no argument that the
Senate has no power to do it. Are we to be the
victims of any andevery man's disloyalty on this
floor? Is every man here privileged to rise in the
Senate and declaie that in his judgment ours is
not a Government, that the true Government of
this countiy is the government of the confeder-
ated States, that Jefferson Davis is us-true Pres-
ident, and that he stands ready to sacrifice his life
and his property in the maintenance and support
of that government? Is any man at liberty to
stand up here and say that? If he is I have mis-
construed entirely the organization of this body
and the duty of its members.
Now, sir,as to the constitutional test. Mycol-
j league says that we do not try the intellectual capa-
i city of the candidate. Surely not; neither
