1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
thcr, that the pension given to a mother on ac-
count of her son shall terminate on her remarriage;
and provided, further, that nothing in the act shall
be so construed as to entitle the mother of an offi-
cer or other person dying, as aforesaid, to more
than one pension at the same time under its pro-
visions.
The fourth section provides that where any offi-
cer or other person named in the first section of
this act shall have died subsequently to the 4th
day of March, 1861, or shall hereafter die, by
reason ofany wound received ordiseasecontracted
while in the service of the United States, and in
the line of duty, and has not left or shall not leave
a widow, or legitimate child, or mother, but has
left or may leave an orphan sister or sisters, un-
der eighteen years of age, who were dependent
upon him for support, in whole or in part, such
sister or sisters shall be entitled to receive the same
pension us such officer or other person would have
been entitled to had he been totally disabled;
which pension to said orphan shall commence
from the death of the, officer or other person dying
as aforesaid, and shall continue to the said orphans
until they severally arrive at the age of eighteen
years, and no longer.
The fifth section provides that the widow of
any volunteer who shall hereafter be killed or die
ofwounds received or disease contracted while in
the military service of the United States during
the present rebellion, and before receiving the
bounty herein provided for, and if no widow, the
minor child or children, if any there be, and if no
minor child or children, then the mother, and if
no mother, then the father, of such deceased sol-
dier, shall receivc, in addition to all arrears of pay
and allowances, the bounty of ^100, authorized
by the sixth section of an act entitled " An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public proper-
erty," approved July 22, 1861, and such bounty
shall, in the order above named, be paid to such
heirs only of said deceased. And no moneys
shall be paid to such or to any heirs of any de-
ceased soldier on account of bounty, back pay,
or pension, who have in any way been engaged
in or who have aided or abetted the existing re-
bellion in theUnited States; butthc right of such
disloyal heir or heirs of such soldier shall be
vested in the loyal heir or heirs of the deceased,
if any there be, in the order above named.
The sixth section provides that pensions which
may be granted, in pursuance of the provisions
of this act, to persons who may have been, or
shall be, employed in the military or naval service
of the United States, shall commence on the day
of the discharge of such persons in all cases in
which the application for such pensions is filed
within one year after the date of said discharge ;
and in cases in which the application is not filed
during said year, pensions granted to persons
employed as aforesaid shall commence on the day
of the filing of the application.
The other sections provide the details for car-
rying out the provisions of the bill.
Mr. GOODWIN. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration has been carefully prepared and con-
sidered by the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and has been reported in accordance with the
unanimous vote of that committee. It has been
submitted to the Commissioner of Pensions and
has received his approval. I move to amend the
fourth section by adding merely what was acci-
dentally omitted, it is to add the following pro-
vision:
Provided however, That nothingherein shall be construed
fo as to entitle said orphans to more than one pension at
the same time under the provisions of this net.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received, and agreed to.
Mr. GOODWIN. I suppose that this bill will
not give rise to any discussion, and I propose to
move the previous question.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman give way
to me one moment?
Mr. GOODWIN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to offeran amendment
as an additional section to the bill.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
There being no objection, the following amend-
ment as an additional section was received and
agreed to, namely:
Sec. 13. Jlmlbe it further enacted, That the Secretary of i
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to make, or
cause to be made, a revision of such of the pension laws of
the United States as he may deem necessary and proper to
be made. v
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, offered
the following amendment; which was agreed to:
Section three, strike out the words " who is a widow, and"
so that it will read: " but has left or shall leave a' mother
who was dependent upon him for support."
Mr. GOODWIN. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. F. A. CONKXING. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. GOODWIN. I think I must insist on it.
Mr. ODELL. I hope the gentleman will yield.
I wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. GOODWIN. The bill has been well con-
sidered, and 1 hope it will be put upon its passage.
Mr. MePHERSON. I do not want to offer an
amendment, I merely wish to suggest one point.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order unless
the demand for the previous question be with-
drawn.
The demand for the previous question was not
withdrawn.
The question was taken, and the previous ques-
tion was not seconded.
Mr. MePHERSON. The provision is made
in the second section that in ease an officer dies
by reason of any wound, (fee., his widow, or if
there be no widow, his child or children shall be
entitled to a pension, and it is provided in another
section that if the widow shall marry, she forfeits
the pension. There is no provision, however, by
which, in that case, the pension is secured to the
children till they become eighteen years of age.
This is, I think, an omission.
Mi. GOODWIN. The construction which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania desires is put at
present by the Pension department on similar
language used in the piesent law. That language
has been adopted from acts now in force.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he move an amendment
by sinking out the word " or," in the eleventh
line, and inserting in lieu the words " and in case
of remarriage."
Mr. MePHERSON. Let the gentleman offer
that amendment him-self.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
except by unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to all amend-
ments.
Mr. ODELL. 1 ask leave to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Section five, line eight, add : "if 110 widow, minor child,
mother oi father, then the biutheis and &istcn under eigh-
teen \ eats ot .tyu
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I was about to sug-
gest to the House that the consideration of this
bill be deferred for three or four days. I suppose
that there isanecessity for acting on this measure
within a very short period of time. 1 think the
country desires that; but I think, also, that the
House has not read, and is not acquainted with,
the provisions of this bill to the extent that would
enable it to act understandingly on the hill. I am
quite sure that I have not read it myself. I have
only listened to it as it was casually read by the
Clerk at the desk, and I would hazard nothing in
saying that not one member out of ten has read
the bill through. Now, in a measure of so grave
importance as this bill is, involving a policy which
commits the country to the payment of so large a
sum of money, I think the House ought to con-
sider it understandingly, and act on it m full view
of the responsibilities which it involves. I would
suggest Tuesday or Wednesday of the coming
week—say Tuesday—that this bill shall be taken
up and acted on definitely by the House.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. OLIN. Oh, yes; I will yield to any mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. FENTON. 1 am not a member of the
Committee on Invalid Ptui&ions; but I have met
with that committee, or some of its members,
two or three times for the purpose of aiding them,
if I could, in perfecting this measure. I know that
the Commissioner of Pensions has been also with
the committee, and after mature deliberation and
considerable time spent", they have broughtfoith
this bill, which I think is very perfect in all its
provisions. It is very important that it should be
passed without unnecessary delay. I am not dis-
posed, myself, to press it oi> the immediate consid-
eration of the House. Two or three days will of
course be given to it, if deemed proper by the
majority, or should the committee who have this
bill in charge indicate a desire for its postpone-
ment. But I do ask that die House shall not delay
many days this,measure of justice to the soldiers,
and the widows and children of those who die in
the service. Itwillbcsecn by the decision of the
Attorney General, recently reported to Congress,
that there is no law by which those who are now
in the volunteer service can be pensioned except
the law of 1802, which is very inadequate in its
provisions. Neither is there any law by which
the widows and children of those who fall in the
defense of the country may be pensioned. This
bill is intended to remedy the difficulties and
defects of the present law, and I believe that it has
been as well considered, and is as perfect in all its
provisions, as it is likely to be made in the
House, after elaborate discussion,and the various
propositions for amendment which gentlemen
may have to offer. I leave the question of post-
ponement, however, with others.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have cooperated with
my friend from New York [Mr. Fentdn] in try-
ing to get this bill before the House at an early
period; but I am surprised in seeing that the rates
of pension are not so high as I desired. For in-
stance, the pension to a lieutenant colonel is thirty
dollars per month, to a major twenty-five dollars,
and to a captain twenty dollars. I do not think,
that these rates are high enough, and I desire to
see them increased.
Mr. GOODWIN. I only wish to remark that
the rates fixed for pensions of the Army are pre-
cisely the same as those now fixed by law. ltis
estimated that under these rates the pensions, sup-
posing this war to continue for two years, would
be between five and six millions per annum. I
am inclined to think it will be nearer ten millions.
With these facts before us, 1 do not think it
would be advisable to raise the rates of pensions
and impose upon the country, already sufficiently
burdened, additional liabilities.
Mr. OLIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, X do not by
any means rise to move to postpone this bill, be-
cause I am opposed to it as a whole, or to any
feature of it. But what I do object to is, that, in
a matter of so great moment as this bill is, the
House should take it upon the suggestion of any
otic member of the House that, in his judgment,
it is just as perfect a bill as can be drawn. I do
not fenow but it is so; but I certainly object to the
House passing a measure of this importance upon
the mere statement of any member or any com-
mittee that, in their judgment, it is a good bill.
One gentleman states that he is not a member
of the committee which reported this bill, but that
he consulted witk the committee in relation to it.
Now, I believe this bill was only placed on the
files of the House this morning; and, of course,
no member of the House, unless he is a member
of the committee, or has been in consultation with
them, or with the Commissioner of Pensions, has
read the bill through. I think it does not reflect
credit upon the legislation of the House, when they
propose a bill that will involve upon the country
a cost of many millions of dollars a year, with-
out a member of the House, outside the commit-
tee that repoitcd it, understanding what are its
piovisions, or being able to give it any consider-
ation. So far as I am concerned, i nave never
asked, and never will ask, the House to pass any
bill upon my certificate, or the certificate of any
committee of which I am a member, that, in their
judgment, it is a wise measure, and may safely
be passed without consideration.
Now, I venture to say that there is not a member
of this committee who can tell within ^10,000,000
how much will be involved by the passage of the
bill. 1 am by no means disposed to oppose such
a bill properly consideied. i understand that it
is desirable that some action shall be taken upon
the subject with as little delay as possible, and I
am willing, therefore, that it shall be postponed
to the earliest day which will give the House an
opportunity of examining it.
Air. WOOD. I will state that the committee
have met some thirty times for the consideration
of this'bilK
