&10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
legal qualifications is appointed, he is a member of
the Senate; lie*franks documents; he is recognized
uniformly by all the organs of the law as a Sen-
ator. From the 4th of March, when your term
legally begins, you are a Senator of the United
States, although the Senate may not meet for a
year afterwards. At each successive Congress
members are elected whose office takes effect from
the 4th of March, and yet the House of Repre-
sentatives does not meet until the first Monday of
December following. I ask you whether in that
interim the person elected is not a member of Con-
gress? Certainly he is. You pay him as a mem-
ber of Congress from the 4th of March? you pay
him for time which expires before he is sworn.
His oatli does not fix the commencement of his
office. The oath must be administered to him be-
fore he can take his seat and discharge his duties
here; but ho is still a Senator or a member from
the constitutional period at which his office com-
menced. This doctrine is laid down in Jefferson's
Manual, in all the books on parliamentary law,
and has been so repeatedly decided in England.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would inquire of my
honorable friend if the Senate did not in the case
of Lane decide the other way?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate decided that
Mr. Lane was not a Senator untd he came here,
and was qualified and took his seat; and there-
fore his being appointed a brigadier general after
his election, and before lie took his seat, could not
disqualify him.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was not the proposi-
tion decided, as I understand it.
_ Mr, DOOLITTLE. That is the precise ques-
tion that was decided.
Mr. WXLMOT. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio a question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not too many. I say
there is no difficulty about this matter. Gentle-
men have attempted to raise a great many diffi-
culties. It has been, asked," Suppose Floyd should
come here: what would be done?" I say itisfor
this body to protect itself. The Senate may, by
a two-thirds vote, expel any member, with or with-
out cause. It is an arbitrary power given to us
for our own protection. We can expel a member
for an offense that he has committed ten years be-
fore. Wo can expel him because he is a horse
thief, to take the strong case which has been put
in the debate. In England, it has been done a
dozen times. The only difference between our law
and the English law in this respect is, that the
House of Com mens may expel a member by a ma-
jority; we cannot except by a two-thirds vote. Jf
you will look at the historical incident.connected
with the provision of the Constitution, you will
know the cause of the diffeience. Just about the
time our Constitution was made, the House of
Commons used the power to expel in an arbitrary
way. It was necessary to give, every political
body the power to expel its members in order to
preserve its dignity and character; but in order to
restrain that power, the framcrs of our Constitu-
tion wisely limited it to two thirds of the body, so
that a mere bare majority should not for any bad
feeling: or hatred or sudden impulse expel a mem-
ber; but the Constitution gave to each body the
power, by a two-thirds vote, to expel a membei,
and without limitation. There is no limitation to
the power. It is laid down in May's Parliament-
ary Practice, a recognized book on parliamentary
law, that—
" I]\|)ulMon geneially reserved f'oi offenses which len-
der ntemhda unfit for a.seat in P.uhnment, and which, if
nof-o jmm-.hrd, would bung di^cicdit on Paihamenf itself
Member^ have been expelled as being in open tebellion, at
having been guilty of forgery ot perjuiy. or frauds and
breaches ot'iru-r, of mi'-appiopuation ot public money, ot
con^piiacy t<> doJiaud, of coimpttoii tn the .idimmbtiauoti
of justice, oi in public ofiiee. or in the execution of their
duties as inembi-ij. of the Hou«e. of conduct unbecoming
the character ot an officei and gentleman, and of libch and
various other often.-es committed nt'-un^t 'the House itself."
There is no limit fo the power to expel. When-
ever a man by his personal conduct becomes so
offensive to the body that he brings discredit upon
it, it is the duty ol the body to expel him. It
has been done over and over again in England.
The House of Commons have expelled for all
these causes. ;
But it has been said here in argument, and it I
has seemed to bo assented to, that this body can- !
not expel a member for things that occurred before |
his election. That is untrue. U has been done in l
many cases, and a celebrated case, that is familiar
probably to many of you, is the case of Robert
Walpole. Robert Walpole was expelled for cor-
ruption, an offense committed three years before
his election. I have the Journal of the House of
Commons here before me, and as it is a very in-
teresting case I may point out the bearing of it.
Robert Walpole was secretary of war in 1707,
and was continued until the change of Adminis-
tration, which I believe was in 1710. It seemed
that in 1707 Walpole had a corrupt collusion with
some one, and retained for himself, or rather for
a friend of his, an interest in a contract made in
the war office. This was in 1707. In 1710 there
was a change of administration, and a new Parlia-
ment was elected, of which he was a member.
The allegation was made in 1711 that Walpole
had been guilty of corruption, and this resolution
was introduced into the House of Commons:
il A motion being made,and the question being ptopo&ed,
that Robert Walpole, Esq., a member of tins House, m le-
ceiving the sum of five hundred guineas, and in taking a
note for j£500moie, on aceountof two contiacts for forage
of her Majesty's troops quartered inNorth Britain, made by
him when secretary at war, pursuant toa power granted to
him by the late loid treasuier, is guilty of a high breach of
tru«t and notorious coiruption.
u An amendment was pioposed to be made to the ques-
tion, by leaving out these words: 'and notorious coriup-
tion.' "
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
question being put upon the resolution, it was de-
cided in the affirmative by a vote of 205 to 148.
This was immediately followed by a resolution
of expulsion, which was adopted.
Thus Robert Walpole was expelled for an of-
fense committed four years previous,although, in
the mean time, he had been elected by a constitu-
ency to Parliament, and no man was ever found
to complain of this precedent. There are many
cases that I have had looked up, but there is one
other case that is familiar to every Senator, to
which I will merely allude. I refer to the case of
Wilkes, of which I have here a short abstract.
The history of the case is familiar. John Wilkes
was a member of Parliament, and while a mem-
ber of Parliament he wrote a libel, for which he
was expelled. He was then reelected again, by
Middlesex county, I believe, came in and took
his Seat, and the House expelled him again for
the same cause He was the third time elected,
but at that election another man was put up against
him, Luttrell, who received a few votes. Luttrell
contested the election, and contended that as
Wilkes had been twice expelled for the libel,
and as votes cast for Wilkes were illegal and
void, therefore he, Luttrell, though he received
but one hundred and thirty-odd votes, was enti-
tled to a seat in the House of Commons. The
House, by an arbitrary majority, allowed Lut-
trel to take the seat on the ground thata vote cast
for a man who had been expelled was illegal and
void. It was never denied that the House of Com-
mons had the right to expel Wilkes time after
time and time after time; but the point was made
by many leading statesmen that Parliament could
not say that the citizen had not the right to vote
for any man he chose. That point was made by
Junius in one of his scathing letters. This was
a case where the House of Commons went beyond
the mere expulsion of Wilkes, and decided that a
vote cast for Wilkes was illegal and void, and they
allowed Luttrell to come in. After some ten or
fifteen years of stormy parliamentary history, the
lesolution allowing Luttrell to come in was ex-
punged from the record of the House of Commons,
and it was upon that expunging resolution that
our own distinguished citizen, now dead, based
his proceeding in a celebrated case in this verv
body.
1 have shown you, Senators, that there is an
easy remedy for this matter; and I say here now,
that if any of the traitors who have borne arms
against the Government come here and offer to
take seats while i am a member of this body, the
very moment I hear of their election or appoint-
ment, that moment I will exercise my right, if no
other Senator does, to offer a resolution to expel
them from this body. That is the plain, simple,
constitutional remedy which we have the power
to enforce. That we can do; butdo not,! begof
you, tread upon the right of a State to elect whom
it chooses. Let him be sworn, ifcyou do not act
on his case before he comes here, as you may do
with an open rebel. Even after he is sworn you
can expel him. if you should now establish the
precedent that when an objection is made to the
right of a Senator to take his seat here, that ques-
tion shall be tried before he takes his scat, you do
more to revolutionize this Government than any
act that has been done by any of the men who are
now in arms against the Government. That is my
deliberate judgment; and with that opinion, al-
though ray convictions in regard to Mr. Stark are
strong, although I cannot see howany man living
in Oregon could utter the sentiments he is said to
have uttered, yet I will not deny to Oregon her
representation here. On the other hand, I desire
that these papers shall be recommitted to the Ju-
diciary Committee, that there the Senator from
Oregon may be allowed to explain and produce all
the evidence he can; and if he should fail to ex-
plain away these facts and circumstances, let the
Judiciary Committee then report upon the merits
of the case; but in the mean time, let the State of
Oregon be represented on this floor by two Sena-
tors.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy much
time, but I desire to notice one suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio. He says that this course of
keeping a Senator out, which he states as being
by a single member, would disorganize the body.
That has been done; it has been done while I
have been a member, and there was not a word
said at that time about its being disorganizing". In
the instance to which I allude, a member was kept
for a long time outside the door of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did not that arise in a case
where there was a question as to whether the per-
son had been legally elected, whether his qualifi-
cations were within the terms of the Constitution,
or whether the returns were valid upon their face?
Was it not one of that class of cases?
Mr. HALE. I will state the case; it is familiar
to many old members of the Senate—the case of
Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky. Mr. Dixon came here
and presented himself with his credentials in due
form. There was no objection to his credentials
or to his qualifications. It was said, however,
that he was not entitled to the seat, but that Mr.
Meriwether, who had been previously appointed,
was entitled. Mr. Meriwether was not here con-
testing the seat, and yet Mr. Dixon was kept out
for weeks until the case was decided. I only men-
tion the fact to show that the Senate have hereto-
fore adopted this very course, and it was not sug-
gested that it was re\olutionary at all. I think
the Senator from Ohio, who usually states his
points with great clearness, and—I do not say it
to flatter him—makes his positions exceedingly
plain, has fallen into an inconsistency in the ex-
position he has now made. The Senator from
Minnesota put a question to the Senator from Vir-
ginia which the Senator from Virginia modestly,
and I have no doubt candidly, said he could not
conceive of an answer to; but the Senator from
Ohio has undertaken to answer it, and it seems to
me—I say it, of course, with all respect to him—
that he would have stood quite as well if he had
put on the same shield that the Senator from Vir-
ginia did, because he has fallen into an inconsist-
ency, and a very great one, I think. He says that
if Tennessee were to send Pillow here, he would
expel him before he got here; that is, he would
expel him without a hearing, behind his back, and
upon common rumor.
Mr. HOWARD. And before he had taken the
oath.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been done in many
cases. Sometimes ai tides of impeachment against
an officer are filed on common rumor. The House
of Representatives lias a dozen times started com-
mittees of investigation on common rumor. Wo
often institute inquiries on common rumor. On
the allegation being made that Mr..Pillow was
elected a member of this body, I would at once
institute an inquiry, and if it was proved that he
had been guilty of treason against the Govern-
ment, I woufd certainly vote to expel him.
Mr. HALE. I know thatallegations are made
on public rumor; but judgment is not generally
entered upon public rumor; there must first be an
inquiry. The. Senator would have to be pretty
quick if he instituted an inquiry and gave a trial
before General Pillow got here to take the oath,
lie says that if Pillow wre elected, he would ex-
pel him before he got here. Fie believes Mr.
btark, upon the evidence, to be disloyal, and he
will not prevent him coming in and taking the
oath, but will resort to his expulsion afterwards.
