2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
353) for the rciief of J. F. Simmons was taken
from the Speaker's tabic, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I hold in my hand, and I de-
sire to submit, the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, and pay the interest on
the public debt. I will send it to the Clerk's desk,
Mr. LOVEJOY. The report is very long, cov-
ering some three hundred amendments, and I pro-
pose that the amendment# be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe reports of commit-
tees of confercncc are never printed.
. Mr. LOVEJOY. This should be.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would state that the num-
ber of amendments to the House bill was three
hundred and fifteen, and the House have receded
from their disagreement to two hundred and
twenty-three of them, most of them very unim-
portant. i doubt whether the House wants to
hear them rend one by one.
1 propo.se to state to the House such amend-
ments ns arc of any importance, and to answer
any inquiries which gentlemen rany make in refer-
ence to any parts of the bill in which they may
feel a special interest. It would be tedious to read
all the amendments, one by one.
Mr. WfCKUFhS. It is now four o'clock.
The Senate amendments to this bill have never
been read in this Mouse, and, whether members
hive had an opportunity to read them out of the
House I do not, know, and I was about to suggest
that the amendments be printed, and that we take
fhi.s hill up for consideration to-morrow morning.
Do not pi tJN.s it at this hour. Let us have, at least,
the appearance of legislating upon the tax bill.
Mr. STEVENS. if I thought it important, I
might consent to depart from the usual iule; but
I lJnnJc,aUeri hare explained what we have done
with the material amendments, and gentlemen have
asked explanation*) of those matters, in which
they feci particularly mlcreatcd, we shall be able
to act m intelligently upon it now as we shall be
at any other time, I hope, then, I may be al-
lowed to take that course as the mostcxpcditious
tmd satisfactory.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. This matter is
tstking the course which many of us supposed it
would take when the&e three hundred and odd
amendments were disagreed to by the House in a
jump. We tiuni supposed that when the icpoit
nuncio if would be said it is not necessary to en-
ter into any lengthy explanation.
I (eel that I am but disciplining my duty when
1 ask of the 1 louse to have the icport printed so
that the members can, at least, see what they are
going to vote upon. There are some important
tmiendinents of the Senate agreed to, some receded
from, and they should be known to members of
the House; and if I have an opportunity I shall
move to have them printed. I ask the chairman
oi the Committee of Ways and Means to give way
to that motion, h U useless to tell me that we
can understand tlu sc three hundred amendments
by the explanation he may give, however lucid it
may be. Inasmuch as the House is in advance
of the Senate in its legislation, so that we have
abundant time locon.snjer the amendments, there
ran be no question raised in reference to time.
Will t ho chairman yield to allow me to make that
numon ?
_ Mr. S 1'E VLNS. No, sir. The Senate has
juM acted upon the report of the committee of
eoiitrronce, and alter explanation they passed it
unammmi.sly, and I do not believe there will be
any difficulty here after t have made an explana-
tion. After i have made that explanation, 1 will
consider whether I will give way for such a mo-
tion.
The Senate have leccded from sixteen of their
ann ndm-mts, and the House have rcccded from
theirdi.sngi eemcntfo foi ty-six, arid agieed to them
with ann-mimenty, and have receded fiom their
ds.^agi-ement to the oiheis.
I he ta'.st amend men t of any importance, relates
to i.a; pay uf collectors, which is changed from
one per cent, after the first #100,000, to two per
cent. 1
We also gave the President power when he
made a district out of more than one congres-
sional district, to make such additional allowance
as t iron instances might render necessary
The committcc changed the pay of the asses*
sors, and made it five dollarsaday when engaged
in hearing appeals.
The next question of any importance which we
considered was the whisky question, which, in
the committcc of conference, as everywhere else,
is looked upon as a very important subject for dis-
cussion. It will be recollected that the bill we
sent to the Senate provided a tax of fifteen cents
upon a gallon, and thirty cents upon rectified
whisky. The Senate changed that and made the
tax twenty cents on whisky, still keeping the tax
on rectified whisky thirty cents. The committee
of conference, after full discussion, were satisfied
that twenty cents would be better for the revenue,
and much better for those engaged in the various
branches of its manufacture, than either the House
or Senate provision. We agreed, therefore, to put
the full tax on whisky at twenty cents a gallon in
heu of all other taxes.
Mr. WICKUFFE. Do I understand that the
committee of conference propose a tax upon the
raw material, whisky, twenty cents a gallon,and
that when it is rectified and made worse, there is
to be no tax upon it?
Mr. STEVENS. There is no different tax upon
rectified whisky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is there not a drawback
upon whisky exported from theUmted States, and
allowed to the exporter?
Mr. STEVENS. There is a drawback upon
all articles on which we put a tax, which are
exported—adtawback to the amount of the tax
laid.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Allow me to make a fur-
ther inquiry. Whisky distilled and sold in the
original barrels from the distillery—what is termed
copper-distiHed whisky—is sent to New York. It
there undergoes what they call manufacture, and
in that character it is shipped. Do you give the
shipper the twenty cents drawback, or does it go
to the original manufacturer—to the farmer who
made the whisky ?
Mr. STEVENS. We give the shipper exactly
all the tax which is paid in the United States upon
the material.
Mr. W1CKXIFFE. Then, sir, I understand
that the distiller pays the tax and the shippergets
the drawback. He makes two gallons of whisky
out of the one he obtains from the distiller and
gets forty cents drawback!
Mr. STEVENS, it is so with every other
article manufactured in the United States. It is
on the material here that the tax is paid; and when
they export it in the manufactured form to a for-
eign market, we take off the tax and give the
manufacturer (he benefit of the drawback. Upon
all that is used in the United States there is no
drawback.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to the statement made :
by the gentleman from Kentucky. He seems to
imagine that where the whisky is redistilled or
combined with other spirits, and two gallons made
out of one, the drawback is thereby increased.
The only article of this character shipped abroad
in any quantity is alcohol, and it stands upon the
same footing with every other article made in the
United States and exported; the drawback being
the amount of duty or excise originally paid, and
no more.
Mr. STEVENS. I so stated, and I suppose
the House fully understands it. By one of the
general provisions of the bill, all exported articles
manufuctuted hero out of our materials, when
tnkt-n to fcnei^u porta, are allowed a drawback.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to suggest or to
inquire of the gmtlenvm from Pennsylvania,
whether, if the manufacturer of whisky exported
the article from Ins distillery, he would, in that
case, get the drawback himself?
Mr. STEVENS. Whoever exports it gets the
drawback, because whoever buys it pays the tax,
and the man who ships it does not get it less the
drawback fiom the distiller. He pays, of course,
the addition of the tax to the manufacturer of it.
The idea that the shipper is to get the advantage
was suggested hythe gentleman colleague, [Mr.
Wicklifpe,] hutitwas one which I did notthink
it became me to answer, as every one seemed to
understand it without a word being said.
Now, sir, the next article is tobacco. The tax
laid on tobacco by the House was much raised by
the Semite. A compromise was agreed upon by
the committee, and the following sums were fixed
as the tax on tobacco: on tobacco, not including
snuff, cigars, and smoking tobacco, when valued
at more than thirty cents per pound, fifteen cents
per pound; when valued at any sum not exceed-
ing thirty cents per pound, ten cents per pound;
on snuff, except aromatic or medical, twenty cents
per pound; on cigais, valued at not over five dol-
lars per thousand, 50 per thousand; if over five
dollars and not over ten dollars, two dollars; if
over ten dollars and not over twenty dollars, $2 50;
if over twenty doilars,jJ3 50.
Mr. MENZIES. From whom do you collect
the tax on tobacco ?
Mr. STEVENS. The manufacturer of the to-
bacco, when he sells or removes it for sale, pays
tile tax
Mr. MENZIES. Then the figures there are
intended for the wholesale prices of the articles?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, not the retail, of course.
It is the manufacturer and not the retailer of the
article who pays the tax.
There was one other item, and only one other,
about which we had any difficulty, and that was
the direct tax, about which we had great difficulty;
indeed, the committee were about separating with-
out coming to any agreementm consequence of it.
The Senate had added a section to the bill repeal-
ing the direct tax after the first year. The House
committee refused to consent to that, behevingthat
it was relieving the landed property of the coun-
try and throwing the burden of the tax upon the
commercial and manufacturing interests in an un-
due proportion. Rather, however, than have the
bill fail, the Plouse committee agreed, after the
payment of the first direct tax. in consideration
of thegreatdifficulty in some of the western States
of raising the money to pay that dnect tax, as
they asserted, to suspend the collection of the di-
rect tax, or the assessment of it, for the two suc-
ceeding years, and it was finally put upon that
ground as the only one upon which we could agree.
The House committee thought the proposal of the
Senate unjust, the Senate committee though tit just,
and we met upon this middle ground, rather'than
lose the bill.
If there is any other item in which particular
interest is felt by any gentleman, and he will in-
quire regarding it, I will endeavor to answer him.
Mr. ENGLISH. How do the committee pro-
pose to make up the deficit occasioned by the sus-
pension of the $20,000,000 of income tax per
annum ?
Mr. STEVENS. There must be some provis-
ion made at the time. My own judgment is that
this Congress will htive to reiraposc that tax, but
I do not wish to embarrass this question.
Mr.. ENGLISH. I did not know but that some
substitute might have been suggested.
Mr. STJEVEtVS. No, sir; the House com-
mittee had great difficulty on the subject. We
could not see our way clear.
Mr. HUTCHINS. How does the tax on cot-
ton stand ?
Mr. STEVENS. Just as the Senate put it, at
half a cent a pound, with a drawback ori all man-
ufactured articles when shipped. On the raw ma-
terial there is no drawback.
Mr. WALL. I should liketoaskthegentleman
a question in regard to this direct tax. If you re-
move the burden from the real estate of the coun-
try, what tax are you to get from the seceded
States? They have nothing but real estate and
darkies.
Mr. STEVENS. That question I cannot an-
swer. That was one of the arguments made use of
by the House committee. ItV.is only in order to
save the hill from bcin<? lost ihnt we agreed to let
the next Congiess provide for that. 1 believe they
will have to reimnose the tax
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask if, tinder this
report, the direct tax for the current year is not
to be collected ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is to be collected. We do
not repeal it. "We merely suspend it for the next
two years unless Cungiess shall othci wise order.
We do not agree to repeal it, but simply suspend
it, so that there will be no necessity to reeiuct it*
but the tax will not be collected for two years
Mr. WALL. What portion of this tax is to
be levied on the foreign residents in this country?
Mr. STEVENS. Of the present tax there will
be very little levied on them. The direct tax was
that which reached them.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to ask the chair-
man ofthe Committee of Way sand Means whether
