1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It seems to me there is an inconsistency in that. I
rose now only to protest as one individual against
the idea being entertained for a moment that it is
a matter of indifference, when a man comes up to
take the oath of office and take a seat as a Sena-
tor, whether he is a friend or an enemy of the
Constitution. Stripped of the phraseology with
which the proposition has been decked out, the
position of the Senator from Ohio is nothing; more
nor less than that it is a matter of supreme indif-
ference whether a Senator who comes up to take
the oath is a friend or an enemy to the Govern-
ment. I contend that it is not indifferent, but that
we have a right to make the inquiry, and that here
is the place, and the only place, to make it. If,
when the facts are known upon which you can
act, you forbear to act before the oath is admin-
istered, you are, in my humble judgment, es-
topped from acting1 hereafter. I candidly say that
that will be the rule of my action. If, knowing
these facts, believing as the Senator from Ohio
says he does on the face of the papers, on the evi-
dence now before the Senate, that the Senator
from Oregon is disloyal—if, with that evidence
before them, the Senate vote to let him take the
seat, (for they mean the same thing; when he
takes the oath he docs take the seat,) they will be,
in my humble judgment, morally estopped from
any inquiry hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts brings the Senate to
a direct vote upon the question whether Mr. Stark
shall be sworn in as a member of the Senate with-
out any investigation whatever as to the truth of
the charges of disloyalty which have been exhib-
ited against him—charges of disloyalty arising out
of letters, out of sworn affidavits, and out of test-
imony of one witness examined and cross-exam-
ined before the Committee on the Judiciary. This
amendment presents that precise question. Of
coutse, those who vote against the amendment
will say that he is entitled to be sworn without any
reference whatever to this state of fact. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has rightly stated it; but m order
to maintain his position he has assumed some
most extraordinary docti ines,and among the most
extraordinary, probably, is the position that a
Senator may be sworn any where. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio seriously contend that a justice of
the peace may pass upon the age, upon the citizen-
ship, and upon the inhabitancy of a man elected a
Senator? He says a justice of the peace may
swear him, and that he is a Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there anything in the
Constitution or anything in the law that requires
the election, returns, and qualifications to be de-
cided before he is sworn? If so, 1 should like to
ask the Senator how a member of the House of
Representatives could be sworn?
Mi. TRUMBULL. There are some things
that we understand without having a positive law
or provision in the Constitution to provide for
them. When the Constitution says that each mem-
ber shall be sworn, we all understand what is
meant by being sworn; and when in the same con-
nection it declares that each House shall be the
judge of the qualifications, election, and returns
of us own members, we know that it would be
impossible for either House to be a judge of the
qualifications, election, and returns of its members,
if a man could become a member simply by taking
the oath before a justice of the peace. The Sen-
ator has assumed the most—I was about to say
extravagant position—I do notmean it m any of-
fensive way at all; but it strikes me as very ex-
travagant to say that a person elected is a mem-
ber immediately. The Senatorasks, do notsuch
persons have the franking piivilege? Did they
get the franking privilege by virtue of the Con-
stitution? Did they get the flanking privilege by
virtue of the law giving the right of franking to
a member? No, sir. It required a special act of
Congress authorizing a person to frank befoie he
was admitted to a seat; ho did not getit by virtue
of being a member; and tin; old law, as it fitst
passed, did not allow the fiankmg by a person
fiom the 4th day of March, as it now does. The
law at this very time allows a member to frank
for nine months after his term has expired. Is
he theiefore a member of Congress nine months
afterwards? The terms of the membeis of the
House of Repieseutaiives will all expire on the
4th day of March, ]d(>3, and yet every one of
them has a right to frank documents until Decem-
ber following. Does the Senator from Ohio there-
fore hold them to be members of Congress after
the 4th of March? He surely does not contend
for any such thing.
But he says this would be an extraordinary
power; there will be but thirty Senators here at
the end of this Congress, and those thirty Senators
can forever preventany other Senators coming in;
and the Senator from Virginia is shocked at the
idea that less than a quorum can keep the Sen-
ators of States out. Your own doctrine will allow
less than a quorum to keep them out. The doc-
trine advocated by the Senator from Ohio allows
less than a quorum to do it. Thirty-five mem-
bers is a majority of the Senate; that is a quorum,
is it not? Twenty-four is two thirds of thirty-
five. Twenty-four Senators could expel all above
the thirty-five that came here and took the oath
and were admitted to seats, one at a time. Are
you not shocked that you are living in such a
Government as that? That is the Constitution
of the United States. You talk about a majority
acting from caprice; and even my friend from Cal-
ifornia is alarmed at the idea that a majority may
prevent a man from taking his seat here. Only
twenty-four Senators, on your own doctrine, may
expel a member. Wc are not to presume either
that two thirds of a quorum, or that a majority of
a quorum, are to be actuated by caprice, by polit-
ical considerations. Sir, when the people and the
representatives of the States become so corrupt as
that they are incapable of self-government; when
they are so unmindful of their duty as to act from
such considerations, your whole Government has
gone, and self-government is a failure.
But the Senator from Ohio talks about expel-
ling Senators before their admission, and I should
like his attention for a moment on that* He is
going to expel Pillow before he gets here, and the
Senator has looked up the precedents on that point.
I have not searched for them, but I venture the
prediction that the Senator cannot produce a pre-
cedent to show that a man was ever expelled be-
fore lie was admitted. Itis an absurdity upon its
face. I will not believe it until I see it. I have
notlooked for them,butl challenge the production
of a precedent where a legislative body has gone
through the farce of expelling a man that had never
been there I venture to predict that it cannot be
found. He must be a member before you can expel
him. You cannot put him out until he gets in.
But it is said that you must not examine the cre-
dentials, and the Senator from Ohio wants to know
how you could ever organize and carry out that
notion. Why sir, there is some sort of comity
about these things; there is a sort of understand-
ing in the House of Representatives, I believe, to
swear in the members who present themselves.
They are frequently sworn in the House without
presenting their credentialsat all. I believe I have
seen a Senator sworn in tins body on a statement
made by a member of the Senate that the gentle-
man had been electcd and that his credentials had
not arrived. In the House of Representatives the
members come together, those claiming to be
elected, and they qualify, and afterwards they
purge the body of those who have no right to seats;
but they often refuse to admit members upon the
credentials, to begin with. Has the Senator from
Ohio forgotten the broad seal case of New Jersey ?
Has the Senator from Ohio forgotten the case after
case in the Senate of the United States that has
been read here and exhibited to the Senate, where
the credentials have been referred before the man
was sworn ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very happy that the
Senator mentions thecaseofNew Jersey, because
I believe it is the admitted judgment of nearly all
impartial and intelligent men that that wasa high-
i handed outrage. I was going to school about that
| time, and I know it was so regarded then over the
i country as a high-handed outrage that they over-
; looked the great seal of the State of New Jersey.
! Ft is considered to this day one of the political
ij crimes of the old Democratic party.
j, Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator objects to the
j: precedent in the New Jersey case. Does he ob-
| ject to half a dozen precedents that have occurred
j; in the Senate ? There is a difference between the
l! Senate and the House of Representatives, as has
!, been well remarked by the Senator from Pennsyl-
|i vaniu, [Mr. Wu.mot ] The Senate is a perma-
nentbody,and might adopt different rules from
ii those adopted in the Ho'use of Representatives
■without inconvenience. I shall not, hoWeYer^go
into a discussion ofthe New Jersey case at'this
time. The Senator from Ohio thinks that was a
political decision, and he has not much respect
for it. I know that my friend from New Jersey
has not much respect for it.
Mr. TENEYCK. Allow me a word.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I heard the Senator's re-
marks upon the subject the other day, but I will
yield to him. -
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am very loth indeed to
interrupt the Senator; it is against my practice to
do so; out as the point which he now hiakes con-
cerns my own State so intimately, I desire.to say .
a word. In that case, against the opinion of many^
very able men, and I snail not refer to any other
in this connection but the late President .John
duincy Adams, who argued the question most
fully and satisfactorily, the House of Represent-
atives refused to give the members from New Jer-
sey, who had the credentials under the broad seal, *
their seats, and that matter tvas kept, during the
whole session, in dispute, and eventually referred
to a committee, who, during the following vaca-
tion, examined into it. The Senator will also per-
mit me to say that that was considered such a gross
outrage upon the rights of the State that not only
old-fashioned Whigs, but old-fashioned Demo-
crats, turned in with one accord and returned
those men who had the credentials and had been
refused their seats, by a majority of between seven
and eight thousand the next year. All men, with
one accord, considered it an outrage upon the
rights of the State and upon the symbols of her
sovereignty; and it was such an expression of
opinion as that Congress, from that day to this,
has regarded the expression of the public voice
in that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
New Jersey is mistaken in supposing that the
people of New Jersey changed their politics on
account of that matter. It occurred at the time of
the change of politics m the country. There was
a great overturning every where, even where mem-
bers were not lefused their scats. If he will look
at the election in that period he will find that not
only in Now Jersey, but some other States, the
Democracy of that day did not sustain themselves
before the people. "We all know that Mr. Van
Buren went out with a whirl in 1840. I do not
think it was owing to that decision; and I am not
now arguing to sustain that position. I merely
alluded to it as one case. While great men, as
the Senator has well remarked, were of opinion
that the men having the broad seal ought to be
admitted in the first instance, other great men
thought 'differently; and a majority thought dif-
ferently, and refused to admit them. That was
the opinion of a majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and there were pel-haps as great
men on the one side as on the other.
But the analogy between the House of Repre-
sentatives and this body does not hold, because
wo are a permanentbody; and,as I said, the same
difficulty in organizing docs not arise here as in
the other House. In this body, credentials have
been repeatedly referred. Here is the place for a
member to be sworn; and he cannot be a Senator
until he is admitted to his seat here. The taking
of an oath before a justice of the peace would not
make him a Senator. It is not until his election
and his qualifications have been passed upon by
this body, that he is a Senator. We pass upon
them when we admit him to take the oath and take
his seat here; and then, and not till then, is he a
Senator of the United States.
I do not propose going over the ground which
I occupied the other day; but I cannot forbear
saying a word to the,Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Carlile] who, when a question was put to him
in regard to excludingaman from a seat here who
had been convicted of crime, wanted to know if
there was not a law that would exclude such a
man. Can a law alter the Constitution? Doesnot
the Senator from Virginia contend that the con-
stitutional qualifications of age, inhabitancy, and
citizenship, are the only qualifications that can be
imposed upon a man ? And now he is willing to
admit that you may by law disqualify a Senator.
The Senator from California [Mr. McDougall]
the other day, when he was arguing this question,
spoke of a person coming here having the consti-
tutional qualifications of age, inhabitancy, and cit-
izenship, and laboring under no legal disqualifi-
