1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
being made up; proud above all earthly things of
her brave soldicvs, who arc shedding their blood
upon all the battle fields of the Republic. If the
laurels of Grant shall ever be withered, it will not
be done by the Illinois soldiers who have followed
his victorious banner.
But to the victory at Pittsburg Landing, which
has called forth such a flood of denunciation upon
General Grant. When we consider the charges
of bad generalship, incompetency, and surprise,
do we not feel that " even the joy of the people is
cruel?" As to the question of whether there was,
or not, what might be called a surprise, I will not
argue it; but even if there had been, General
Grant is in no wise responsible for it, for fee was
not surprised. He was at his headquarters at
Savanna when the fight commenced. Those
headquarters were established there as being the
most convenient point for all parts of his com-
mand. Some of the troops were at Crump's Land-
ing, between Savanna and Pittsburg, and all the
new arrivals were coming to Savanna. That
was the proper place for the headquarters of the
commanding general at that time. The general
visited Pittsburg Landing and all the important
points every day. The attack was made Sunday
morning by a vastly superior force. In five min-
utes after the first firing was heard, General Grant
and staff were on board a steamboat on the way
to the battle-field, and instead of not reaching the
field till ten o'clock, or as has been still more
falsely represented, till noon, I have a letter before
me from one of his aids who was with him, and
who says he arrived there at eight o'clock in the
morning and immediately assumed command.
There hedireeted the movements,and was always
, on that part of the field where his presence was
most required, exposing his life, and evincing in
his dispositions tlie genius of the greatest com-
manders. With what desperate bravery thatbat-
tleof Sunday was fought! whatdisplay of prowess
and courage! what prodigies of valor! Our troops,
less than forty thousand, attacked by more than
eighty thousand of the picked men of the rebels,
led by their most distinguished generals !
But it lsgravely charged by these mililai y critics
who sit by the fireside while our soldiers are risk-
ing their lives on 1 he field of conflict, that Grant
was to blame in having his troops on the same
side of the river with the enemy. I suppose they
would have had the river interpose between out-
army and the enemy, and permit that enemy to
intrench himself 011 the other side, and then un-
dertake to ci oss in his face. It was, in the judg-
ment of the best military men, a wise disposition
of his forces, placing them whore he did. To
luive done otherwise, would have been like keep-
ing the entire army of the Potomac on this side
of the river, instead of crossing' it when it could
be done,ami advancing oti the other side.
After fighting all day with immensely superior
numbers of the enemy, they only drove our forces
back two and one half miles, and then it was to face
the gunboats and the terrible battel ies so skillfully
arranged and woiked by the gallant and accom-
plished officers, Webster and Callendcr, and which
brought the countless host of the enemy to a stand.
And when night came, this unconquerable army
stood substantially triumphant 011 thai bloody field.
I am not hero to speak disparagingly of the troops
of any other State, but I will speak in praise of
the troops of my own State. No Illinois regiment,
no Illinois company, no Illinois soldier, fled from
that battle-field, if any did flee, they were not
from Illinois, and they would be the ones who,
after their own flight, would seek to cover up their
own disgrace, but only add to it, by attacks upon
an Illinois general.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes, sir.
Mi. COX. I had 110 idea that the gentleman
from Illinois, when he came here for the purpose
of vindicating Ins fellow-citizen, General Grant,
from an attack not made at nil upon him 1/1 this
House, would launch out into an attack on sol-
diers from other States. I do not think there was
any necessity for that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I bog my friend's par-
don. I made no attack 011 the troops of other
States. 1 said I did not come here to disparage
anybody.
Mr. COX. The gentleman said that these at-
tacks were made on General Grant for the pur-
pose of concealing some lack of valor or courage
on the part of troops from other States.
Mr. WAS.HBORNE. 1 said if there were any
who did flee, they would be the ones to attack the
commanding general.
Mr. COX. Let me say to the gentleman just
this in regard to the Ohio regiments, about which
a great deal has been said 
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman will par-
don me. I did not say anything against Ohio
troops.
Mr. COX. I want to say to the gentleman that
there were twenty-six regiments from the State of
Ohio in that battle. I want further—fori desire
to vindicate, as the gentleman is doing, a matter
where no charge is made—to refer to a slander
upon an Ohio regiment for lack of bravery at that
bat tie. That slander has been repelled and the
falsehood of the charge is well understood, but as
it came from some Illinois correspondent, [laugh-
ter,] I desired to refer to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rejoice as much as my
friend from Ohio can that any such slander which
may have been circulated has been completely
answered.
Mr. COX. A good deal has been said about
the Ohio troops at the battle of PittsburgLand-
ing. I have kept my eye upon the letters in rela-
tion to it. My colleague, from whose district the
regiment comes about which most has been said,
[Mr. Cutler,] is not now in his seat. He has,
however, in his possession papers which fully
refute every charge made against any Ohio regi-
ment. They are false in eveiy particular.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am very glad to hear
the gentleman say that such charges are false, for
J know that whatever statement he makes is to
be relied on. 1 am the last man who would make
such a fling, though it is a fact that the most out-
rageous attacks upon Grant have come from Ohio
papers. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I have a little more to say about the
generals and the soldiers who fought in that bat-
tle. I have a word to say about the brave Mc-
Clernnndj so lately our colleague here, who, as I
learn from a man who was on the battle-field on
that Sunday, and who saw him ride at the head
of his division, holding his flag in the face of the
enemy, daring them to come on. I would say
something in relation to the bravery and skill of
Hurlbut,from my own district, who commanded
another division there and won great glory. I
would say something in defense of another man
who hafc been charged with having his division
surprised, and having been taken prisoner at the
time. I mean General Prentiss. 1 have a letter
upon my desk which says, that instead of being
surprised on Sunday morning, the writer saw him
at half past two o'clock of that day fighting most
gallantly at the head of his division. T rejoice to
have tins opportunity to make that statement in
justice to a brave ana true soldier.
Sir, if I had time I would like to speak of others;
I would speak of General Wallace of my State,
who fell nobly fighting at the head of his division,
a soldier by nature,a pure and noble man, whose
memory will be ever houoied in Illinois. I would
speak of the gallant Colonel Ellis, falling at the
head of the fifteenth, and of Major Goddard, of
the same regiment, also killed; of Davis, of the
forty-sixth, terribly wounded while gallantly bear-
ing in his own hands the colors of his regiment. I
would speak of the deeds of valorof the lead mine
forty-fifth, covering itself with undying honor; of
Captains Conner and Johnson, falling at the head
of their companies; of the genial and impetuous
young Irishman, Lieutenant George Moore, mor-
tally wounded; of Captains Wayne and Nase
and Brownell, all killed. Nor would I fail to men-
tion BrigadierGeneral McArthur and Acting Brig-
adier General Kirk, who boldly led their brigades
everywhere where duty called and danger threat-
ened, and were at last carried from the field badly
wounded. And of Colonel Chetlam, of the old
twelfth, rising from a sick bed and entering into
the thickest of the fight. And, too, I would like
speak of the dauntless valor of Rawlins and Row-
ley and Campbell, and of many others who dis-
tinguished themselves on that field.
1 see before me my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. McPherso.v,] which reminds me of a friend
of us both—young Baugher, a lieutenant in the
lead mine regiment, who, wounded six times', re-
fused to leave the field; and when finally carried
off, waved his sword in defiance to the enemy.
But who shall attempt to do justice to the bravery
of the soldiers and the daring and skill of the of-
ficers; who shall describe all the valor exhibited
on those days; who shall presume to speak of all
the glory won on that blood-stained field ? I have
spoken of those more particularly from my own
part of the State; but it is because I know them
best, and not because I claim more credit for them
than I know to be due to the troops from all other
parts of the State. They all exhibited the same
bravery, the same unbounded devotion, the same
ardor in vindicating the honor and glory of the
flag, and maintaining the prestige of our State.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
whether he denies that the army was surprised at
Pittsburg on the morning of Sunday ?
Mr. WASHBURNE/ I state that I have the
fullest authority for making a substantial denial
of that charge. I said, however, that I did not
intend to argue that question; that it was not ne-
cessary for the defense of General Grant. But I
say, no matter whether there was a surprise or
not, the manner in which all those gallant troops
fought on that day has conferred upon them and
upon the country imperishable renown.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask, admitting that
it was a surprise, whose fault it was?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suppose if there had
been a surprise it would have been thefaultof the
man who commanded the division surprised. I
come not here, however, to speak of the faults of
anybody, but to do justice.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire the gentleman to fol-
low that a little further.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want to say a
word before the gentleman from Iowa proceeds.
My colleague [Mr. Washburne] has defended
his friend well. I regret the disposition to find
fault with ourgenerals m the field, who have done
so nobly, so bravely, and so well. Let us re-
member only their prowess and their giory, and
let there not be crimination and recrimination.
Let us rather glory in the success of our arms in
our brilliant achievements on the well-fought field,
and say all have done well. I regret that this
matter of crimination of officers in the field should
be brought up.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that I fully concur
m the remark of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Kellogg] last on the floor, that this matter ought
not to have been brought up here, and I for one
do not intend to join in any crimination or recrim-
ination. 1 have thought the whole thing out of
taste. I have thought it improper and uncalled
for. There was no occasion for it at all that I can
discover. No charge has been made here against
General Grant or any other officer engaged in that
contest, although there are very grave differences
of opinion m relation to certain matters connected
with the fight.
Mr. WASHBUPJNTE. I cannot yield further.
Whatever may be my friend's ideas on the sub-
ject, 1 say to him that whenever I find a general
from my own State at the head of an army attacked
as General Granthas been,I will feel myself called
upon, in all places and upon all occasions, to de-
fend him, and I think this is the best occasion I
shall have, and I intend to avail myself of it. I
believe, notwithstanding the desperate fighting on
Sunday, and the partial repulse of our troops,
that, aided by the fresh troops of the brave Lew.
Wallace, that army could have whipped the en-
emy on Monday without further reinforcements.
That army could never have been conquered.
But I would not detract from the glorious fighting
of Buell's troops on Monday, for they behaved
with great gallantry and fought bravely, success-
fully, and well. Justice must be done to all. By
a general order, General Halleck, now on the spot
and cognizant of all the facts, has publicly thanked
the generals, Grant, Buell, and Sherman, indors-
ing their bravery and skill.
Sir, I have detained the House too long, but I
have felt called upon to say this much. I came
only to claim public justice; the battle of Pittsburg
j Landing, though a bloody one, yet it will make •
| a bright page in our history. The final charge of
[ General Grant at the head of his reserves will
i have a place, too, in history. While watching the
j progress of the battle on Monday afternoon, word
i came to him that the enemy was faltering on the
| left. Wuli the genius which belongs only to the
| true military man, he saw that the time for the
