im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
catiofti Can there be a legal disqualification ? Docs
the Senator admit that ? If he does, he gives up
the whole ground of power.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Jt is not necessary to in-
quire into that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tfhe admits that Congress
may by law, as it has done, pass an act declaring
that a judge who has been bribed to give a decis-
ion shall hold no office of honor, trust, or profit
under the Government—if he admits that law,
•passed soon after the Government was organized,
to be a constitutional act—then he does admit that
some power in this Government may put a dis-
qualification upon a man's taking a seat here be-
sides age, inhabitancy, and citizenship.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator referred to me.
Will he allow me to say a word?
Mr, TRUMBULL. Let me finish the idea I
am upon. And if he admits that Congress may
do this by an act, thus declaring a person incapa-
ble of holding an office, I ask him if he can avoid
the admission thatnhe Senate may do it, which,
by the terms of the Constitution, has plenary and
full power to pass upon the election, qualifications,
•and returns of its members? If Congress can en-
act a disqualification—and the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] has stated that case too, of
which he seemed to speak rather cavalierly—if
Congress can put a disqualification upon a man,
which is neither as to his age, nor his citizenship,
nor his inhabitancy, 1 want to know if the Senate,
which by the very terms of the Constitution has
full power, may not itself put the disqualification?
Mr. CARLILE. I desire now, before the Sen-
ator leaves that point 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall be through in a mo-
ment. it is not adding to the qualifications pre-
scribed by the Constitution; but it is inflicting a
punishment for crime. It is refusing a seat to a
man who is guilty of infidelity to his Government,
if he is a disloyal man. If he is a traitor, by the
act of tfoe Senate, which is made the exclusive
judge, it is making it apart of the punishment for
his treason that he shall never desecrate this Hall
by his footsteps.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator now allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cerfainly.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand the Senator
to contend that, because Congress has the consti-
tutional power to enact a law excluding persons
guilty of crime from office, the Senate, one of the
brandies only of Congress, without law, can do
what Congress only can do by law—one branch
of Congress ran do without law what it requires
two branches to do by law, which requires the
concurrence of both branches and the approval of
the President. 1 believe that Congress has the
constitutional power to enact a law; but I do not
believe that the Senate, one of the branches of Con-
gress, without law, has the power to add to the
qualifications of a Senator mentioned in the Con-
stitution. That I understand to be the argument
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, we shall
see how few words will answer the Senator's
position. If the law is unconstitutional, has it
any validity ? If the Constitution of the United
States entities a man to take a seat here who is
thirty years of age, nine years a citizen, and an
inhabitant of the State that appoints htm, can a
law change that Constitution ? When the Senator
says that you may by law prevent such a person
from taking a seat, he gives up the whole ques-
tion of power. If you can do it by law, may you
not do it by a vote of tluo Senate? Is a law which
is opposed to the Constitution of any more value,
or of any more validity, than a resolution of the
Senate? I did not say that the Senate could pass
a law; but I said the Senate had the exclusive
power to pass upon the election, returns,and quali-
fications of its members;and I say that the Senate
has the power to determine upon the infamy,
upon the treason, or the crime, whatever it may
be, of a man, that disqualifies him to hold a seat
in this body. Why, sir, if a law of Congress
did exclude a man from holding an office under
the Government, the Senate would not be bound
by it. The decision of the court would not bind :
this body. That is the very case putin 3 Cowen, I
to which I referred the other day. I repeatagam, i
it is not by passing the law, but it is by using all I
the power which the Constitution of the United !
States has* placed in the Senate; and it is not add- I
ing to the qualifications of the member. I trust
my learned friend from AVisconsin will make a
distinction between qualifications for office, and
a punishment for treason, or for other crimes.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator proceeds,
I trust he will allow me to refer to the Manual
upon one point. The Senator from Illinois says
that a Senator is not a Senator until he is sworn,
and that a member is not a member until he is
sworn. He has criticised my position upon that
subject. I am happy to be sustained by the Man-
ual prepared by Jefferson, and also by a great
number of cases referred to in it. It declares ex-
pressly:
"Privilege from arrest takes place by force of the elec-
tion ; and before a return be made a member elected may
be named of a committee, and is to every intent a membei,
except that ho cannot vote untii lie is bwoin."
This is supported by very many cases, and it
is in accordance with our own law. A member
is a member from the time ho is duly elected until
the time the Constitution fixes as the end of his
term of office. He cannot take his seat here until
he is sworn; and that is fixed rather by our law
than by jhe Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is a quasi member for
some purposes. He is not a member in the con-
stitutional sense, with the privileges of a Senator.
He may be sufficiently a member to prevent his
arrest on his way to the Capitol. I think that
that perhaps may be so.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the claimant of
the seat from Oregon is charged with disloyalty
to the Government of the United States. The
testimony upon this subject is before the Senate
in the report of the Committee on the Judiciary.
That testimony is of a very peculiar character.
It is extremely explicit; and it goes directly to
the opinions of the claimant upon the claim of the
Government of the United States upon him as a
citizen. I shall riot, at this time, take up the at-
tention of the Senate by referring at length to that
testimony. I have already douc so to a certain
degree. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] has done so at considerable length.
The Senate will recollect that the claimant from
Oregon, according to this testimony, took the
ground that the government of Jefferson Davis
was the true government; that he owed allegiance
to that government, and that he would fight for
that government. Were those his sentiments?
Is that testimony correct? Is it true that the Sen-
ator ever uttered those sentiments, and that he
now entertains them? What is the ground he
himself takes upon that question ? This is some-
times spoken of as an ex parte hearing. The claim-
ant from Oregon has been heard upon this question.
He has had an opportunity to deny the truth of
these statements, and to give to the Senate of the
United States, and to the people of the country,
his views "upon this question. Has he done so?
His statement is before us. What has he said?
He has not denied that he uttered those senti-
ments. He has not denied that at this very mo-
ment he entertains thos>' sentiments. He hasgiven
us a partial denial. I will not accuse that gentle-
man of any want of candor. I will not say that
he has not met this question as he ought to have
met it; but sir, I say his denial is only partial; it
is a negative pregnant. He denies a portion and
he admits a portion. I think it was his duty to
come before the Senate and people of the United
States, and to state what his opinions were. He
might have said, " I am loyal to the Government
of the United States." Has he said so?
He has said that he is willing to take the oath.
Why, sir, that is merely saying that he is willing
to take the office. He knows it is necessary to
take the oath before he can take the office. Of
course, he is willing to take the oath. He pre-
sents himself here for that purpose. He claims
the office, and he tells us that he is willing to take
the oath of office. We knew that before he made
to us that statement.
Now, sir, what are his opinions ? What does
he believe? Is he true to this Government at this
time, or is he loyal to the government of Jefferson
Davis ? That is what I wish to know. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has given us his opinion upon this
question. He says that in looking upon this test-
imony, although he is in favor of admitting the
claimant from Oregon, he believes him to be dis-
loyal to the Government. He says he cannot read
this testimony without coming to the conclusion
that the claimant of this seat is disloyal to the
Government of the United States. I confess, when
I heard that from my friend from Ohio* I was
astonished. Why, sir, what is disloyalty ? The
Senator from Pennsylvania has asked that ques-
tion, and he has asked it in a manner that seemed
to show there was some difficulty in decidingwhat
disloyalty was. What is it? It is infidelity to the
Governmentof the United States; it is moral trea-
son; it is only one step short of actual treason. A
disloyal man has only to carry out his purpose
and his wishes, and he becomes a traitor in fact.
That is disloyalty. The Senator from Ohio says
the claimant is disloyal, and still he says he could
not now exclude him. He has a somewhat short
method of regulating the difficulty. He says he
would expel him before he comes here; he would
expel him-before he takes his seat. I do not think
it necessary to resort to such extreme measures as
he proposes.
1 find, in what has been said by another distin-
guished Senator on this floor, who hasalso advo-
cated the doctrine that the claimant ought to be
admitted, what I think is the true doctrine laid
down there. I allude to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] a few days
ago. That Senator, in my judgment, admitted
the whole case. He-admitted that there might be
a case m which it would be proper to refuse ad-
mission to uclaimant before taking his seat. He
said it must be an extreme case. Of course it
must. It must be a clear case. If the Senator
from Ohio is right, this is a clear case, for we are
acting upon the claim of a disloyal man, who is
a moral traitor to the country. What did the
Senator from Maine say ?
" While I say now that 1 am not prepared to admit that
m no ease would I not exert it, and while 1 s.iy that ihore
are many cases in which I would exert it, come what
would,#yct this is not one of them."
And now he dwells on the question w.hich was
raised by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] in his able and ingenious speech the other
day:
" Suppose for instance that one of the leaders of this re-
bellion should present himself here: suppose the State of
Tennessee should coine back to the Union being fieed of
those who now contiol it, and that a Legislature piopm-lv
elected should send General Pillow here as a Senator troiii
that State : I would vote that he should not be allowed to
take the oath, because, though not a convicted traitor, lie
is an admitted traitor. I would not allow him to come hem
by my vote; and if Senators ask me upon what pnnciple
I act, I tell them I act upon my own individual responsi-
bility as a Senator of the United States."
That is the principle upon which I act also.
" It is for me to judge both with regard to expulsion and
with regaid lo admission; and it is between me and my
conscience, myself and my God, who will judge me for the
manner in winch I du-eharge my duties to the'eountry."
He goes on:
" While I admit that theie may be cases m which it may
be necessary and justifiable that the majority >hould exer-
cise that power, 1 s>ay it is a precedent fraught with much
danger to our institutions, to the body of winch we are
member, and to all legislative bodies, that a power -hould
be exorcised by a mere majority to exclude anybody hom
a seat who comes with the regular constitutional qualifica-
tions. It being a power so dangiTou>, < o liable to abuse,
Irom the exertion of which so many wroruj infcieuee-, may
be drawn, and fiom which so much injury m.iy follow to
the country, J think it a duty not to exercise that power,
except, in extreme cases, cases so palpable that they address
themselves at onee to the conMdciation of eveiv man and
to the good sense and propiiety of feeling of the country,
where every one sees and feels that the extremity of the
case justifies the strength and power of the action."
I admit the correctness of those views. Unless
in a clear and extreme case, I think this power
ought not to be exeucised. That it exists is ad-
mitted in this speech. It is an existing power;
but it is to be used with great care, with great
caution, and upon the individual responsibility of
each Senator. Now, sir, what is this easo? The
Senator from Ohio declares this claimant to be dis-
loyal, and he himself does not deny it. If disloyal,
he is as unfit to hold a seat upon tins floor as the
leader of the southern rebellion or any one of his
followers. I make no distinction. I know no
distinction between the leader of the rebellion and
any one of his followers in arras and a claimant
to a seat upon this floor who justifies and upholds
them. Entertaining this view, considering this
to be the extreme case which the Senator from
Maine has supposed, I shall vote for rejecting the
claimant upon the threshold.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rim not disposed to de-
lay the vote upon this question; but the point made
