THE CONGRESSIONAL GIA)BK.
9(T#
Rice, ^aubbury, Sumner, Willey, Wilmot, mid Wilson of
Missou'i—'-H.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlilc, Ohandler, Cowan,
Di\ou, Doolmle, Hale, Iiailan, llatiis, Henderson, How-
ard, King, Poioeroy, Sheim«an,Tcn Eyck, Tiiomsoi',Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson uf Massachusetts—20.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
liOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 26, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH RUSSIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a copy of instructions from Prince Gort-
chakoif to Mr. De Stoeckl, the minister of his
Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Russia, and the
copy of a note from the Secretary of State to Mr.
De Stoeckl relative to the adjustment of the ques-
tion between the United States and Great Britain,
growing out of the removal of certain citizens out
of the British mad steamer Trent; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
CLKUKS OF INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a list of the clerks employed in that
Department; which was laid on the ta)jie,and or-
deied to be printed.
CHAIRMANSHIP OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. VAN VVYCK. The near approach of the
time when the army of the Potomac must be put
in motion renders it necessary 1 should ask to be
excused from serving further as chairman of the
committee on Government contracts. Some weeks
since I informed my colleagues I should pursue
this course when the event arrived. It was my
judgment that I should resign my place entirely
on the committee, so that another could be ap-
pointed; but they insisted I should continue one
of its members, devoting such time to its service
as I could spare. With the sentiments of warm
and generous friendship so often manifested on
their part, I do not feel at liberty to disregard their
wishes.
The few d<tys before the army moves will be
required to close up some unfinished investiga-
tions. I need not say i will always feel a lively
interest in the results of the committee, and I will
cheerfully give in its aid what of time may not be
required m the field.
It has yet much to do, although the unflinching
integrity and untiring watchfulness of Sccietary
Sumtott relieve it of many cares.
I would also ask to be excused from serving
as chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
In the darkest hour of the Republic, when dis-
aster had overtaken our armies, at the close of the
extra session of Congress, nearly fifteen hundred
of the brave, loyal men of my district gathered
around the drooping flag of our country and
pledged themselves to die in its defense. They
came from the mountains and valleys through
which the warrior Brandt and his savage horde
echoed the war-whoop m the days of the Revolu-
tion ; from the birth-place of De Witt Clinton and
William II. Seward; fiom the headquarters of
Washington by the Hudson. They followed me
to the field, and 1 must be with them in the day of
battle.
If it be true that the principles I profess have
contributed to produce this horrid war, I desire no
compromise but to defend them on the field and
seal them with my blood.
This is my reason for the request, which I trust
the House will grant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the House ran entertain that question. The com-
mittee on Government contracts can electa chair-
man in the absence, or in case of the resignation
of its eb.iirman. The gentleman fiom New York
does not, as the Chair understands, propose to be
excused from service on that committee. But he
does ask, if the Chair is not mistaken, to be ex-
cused from service on the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, for the reasons indicated.
Mr. VAN VVYCK. I desire to decline acting
on that committee, but did not feel at liberty to
withdraw from it altogether without consultation
with my colleagues.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ask to
be excused from serving on those committees?
Mr. VAN WYCK. No, sir; only to be ex-
cused from acting as chairman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
the House can act on that.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS.
Mr. VAN WYCK offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Government contracts
be dnected to inquire into the amount of moneys received
by the Federal officers in the city of New Yoik by virtue
of their offices; also, as to the ownership and rents of the
bonded warehouses; also, tlie terms', considerations, and
piofits. of the laboi contracts and general orders contracts,
tor t!ie stoiing, hauling, dctiveiing, &c., of foreign goods
in the city of New York; when made, by whom, and who
are now interested in the baine.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Having been
absent yesterday, engaged on the Committee of
Ways and Means, when the vote was taken on
the bill making an additional article of war, I ask
leave to record my vote.
There being no objection,Mr. Morrill's vote
was recorded in the affirmative on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER made a similar re-
quest.
There being no objection, his vote was in like
manner recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. ROBINSON made a similar request. •
There being no objection, his vote was in like
manner recorded in the negative.
Mr. NOELL made a similar request.
There being no objection, his vote was in like
manner recorded in the negative.
Mr. SMITH made a similar request.
There being no objection, his vote was in like
manner recorded in the negative.
Mr. NORTON made a similar request.
There being no objection, his vote was in like
manner recorded in the negative.
Mr. COX made a similar request.
Thete being no objection, his vote was in like
manner recorded in the negative.
The SPEAKER suggested that, there being no
objection, all members who did no't vote yester-
day on the bill referred to might have their votes
recorded.
FOREIGN AND COASTING TRADE.
Mr. BEAM AN offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commetce be instructed
to inquire and report to this Ilou^e whether any further
legislation is nece^diy to regulate the fuicign and coasting
trade on the noithein, noithe e-t( in, and northwestern
fiontiers of the United States ; and that they report by bill
oi otherwise.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
NANCY RICE.
Mr. RICE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged Uom the further consideration ol the claim
of Nancy Ricc, widow of Mo^es Rice, deceased, and that
the same and accompanying repoit be tiansferred to the
Secietary of the Interior for adjustment, the case being
provided for by existing law.
THANKS TO GENERAL IIALLECK.
Mr. VOORHEES asked the consent of the
House to introduce a joint resolution of thanks
to Major General Ilalleck.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask that the resolution
may be read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that.
Mr. VOOULiEES 1 think I have the right to
have the joint resolution read for information.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only he
here at all by unanimous consent, and cannot be
icad if objection be made.
Mi. VOORHEES. I hope no one will object
to that.
Mr BAKER. I object.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WORCESTER. I now call up the case of
S. Ferguson Beach, contesting the seat of Charles
H. Upton as a Representative from the seventh ■
congressional district of Virginia.
I am instructed by the Committee of Elections
to report for the consideration of the House tiie
following resolution:
Resolved, That Charles H. Upton is not entitled to a seat *
in this House as a Representative of the seventh congres-
sional district of Virginia.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to permit me to offer an amendment to that re*o 
lution.
Mr. WORCESTER. Certainly.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to amend by striking
out the word " not," in the first line of the reso-
lution.
Mr. WORCESTER. Mr. Speaker, this is a
case from the seventh congressional district of
Virginia. Both thecontestant,S. Ferguson Beach,
and the sitting member claim to represent that
district in this House. The sitting member claims
his right to a seat here in pursuance of an election
which he alleges was held in that district of the
State of Virginia, on the 23d of May last. He
appeared at the special session in July lost, as the
member elected from that district. His name was
entered upon the catalogue of members, and he
was sworn in as a member of this House, and
participated m its organization. By what right
or in virtue of what pretensions his name was per-
mitted to be entered upon the roll of members, the
Committee of Elections have not been advised.
Some days subsequent^ during that session, a
resolution was introduced by the gentleman from
the metropolitan district of Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] in-
structing the Committee of Elections to inquire
into his eligibility. That resolution was referred
to the Committee of Elections, find they did, to
some extent, enter upon the consideration of the
case; but in consequence of the shortness of the
session, and the amounL of business before the
committee refericd to us by the House, a conclu-
sion was not readied upon the case prior to the
adjournment, and the further consideration of it
was postponed until the commencement of the
regular session.
iU the commencement of the present session,
on the first day of the session, the contestant pre-
sented his memorial to the House, which was by
vote of the House subsequently referred to the
Committee of Elections. This memorial alleges
that the contestant was elected to a seat in this
House, from the seventh congressional district,
on the fourth Thursday of October, 1861. That
memorial I will read, for the purpose of bringing
the facts of this case to the knowledge of the
House, and that the House may understand the
precise issues that are now about to be tried. The
following is the memorial:
To the honorable the House of Representatives
of the Co?i£7Css of the United States:
The memorial of S. Ferguson Beach, ofthe city of Alex-
andria, in the State of Virginia, respectlully represents:
That in consequence ofthe revolutionary action ofthe con-
vention of Virginia, which assembled at Richmond in Fob-
niarv last, elections for members of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, on the day fixed by law for such elections, were
ohstiucted and prevented thioughout most of the congres-
sional districts ofthe Commonwealth.
Such was especially the case in the seventh district, com-
posed of Alexandria and adjacent countics, wheie, owing
to the presence of large military forces, and to the opera-
tion ot other influences scarce!} less poweilul, nota single
poll is believed to have been opened.
By an ordinance ofthe convention of Vnciriia,lateJysit-
tma at Wheeling, passed on the 20th day of Augu-t. 1861,
it was oi dalned that in all those distticts where elections
had thus been prevented, as aloresaid, elections should be
held on the louith Thuisduy of October then next; sind it
was also thereby piovided, that voters who should be un-
able to vote at their UMial places, by reason ofthe piesence
or those m aimed opposition to the Government, should ><s
allowed to vote in anv eoitnfv of their district
Under the provisions of tins ordinance, and in response
to the proclamation of Francis II. Pieipont, Gov< rnor of-
the Commonwealth, calling upon the loyal citizen1*, where
ever it was practicable, to avail themselves of said ptovis-
10ns, polls (or the election of aRepic*entative toi said sev-
enth diatiict weie icgulatiy opened in the city of Alexan-
dria on the <!.iv appointed.
A smalt vote wa> ca<r, made up by voters from the coun-
ties of Alexandria, Fan fax, and Prince William. a!i,Mib-
sta.ituliy, lor join memou.dist, a* will appear by a segufar
and formal ceit.ficateof election which he now holds.
Youi memorialist further repi events, that upon the as-
sembling of the piescut Congous, in exira session, on the
4th da} "of July. 1851, one Ciuuies II. Upton, confessedly
a citizen of, and votei in. the State of Ohio, at the presi-
dential election in the November previous—neither then
nor now a citizen of the State of Virginia—not even a bona
