1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5.
ter Crooks; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below: .
A bill (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirving—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 163) for the benefit of the legal rep-
resentatives of John McLaughlin—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 166) for the relief of the surviving
children of Israel Frisbie, a revolutionary soldier
—to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 194) for the relief of Joseph B.
Eaton—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
A bill (No. 195) for the reciprocal relinquish-
ment of certain claims between the United States
and the representatives of Robert Brent, deceased
—to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (No. 918) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased—to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 272) for the relief of Brigadier
General Joseph G. Totten—to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (No. 273) for the relief of Thomas Fors-
ter—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 274) to pay B. Y. Shelley for his
claim and improvements taken from him by the
Omaha reservation, in the Territory of Nebraska
—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 329) for the relief of John GouMing
—to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
A bill (No. 345) for the relief of George B.
Simpson—to the Committee oil Patents and the
Patent Office.
A bill (No. 444) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide increased revenue from imports, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved August 5, 1861—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
A bill (No. 454) for the relief of the register of
the land office at Vincennes, Indiana, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on PublicLands.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr.^NicoLAY,his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 3d instant, an act (S. No. 124) relating to high-
ways in the county of Washington and District
of Columbia.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
297) to limit the appointment of major generals
and brigadier generals in the Army and volun-
teers, to report it back witli an amendment. The
bill provides for the appointment of twenty major
generals and two hundred brigadier generals. The
amendment of the committee proposes simply to
make the mujorgencrals thirty, instead of twenty.
We have now twenty-five major generals in the
regular Army and in the volunteers. If there be
no objection, I should like to put the bill on its
passage. I think it should be passed at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
Mr. HARRIS. This bill may be all right, but
I want to be sure about it. It is well known that
there are a large number of brigadier generals who
have been in the service for months, whose nom-
inations have not been confirmed. Now, I want
to know if the passage of this bill will not throw
some of those officers out of the service. Suppose
it should happen, the way we arc going on here,
nominations coming in rapidly, being confirmed
without much order, the number of two hundred
should be reached, and then it should be said:
tt .These officers, who have been in the service,
good officers, acknowledged to be such, cannot
be confirmed becausc we have got to the limit of
the law." I do not want to see any such state of
things as that brought about by any such hasty
legislation as this may prove to be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment reported by the committee to
strike out "twenty" and insert "thirty," limit-
ing the number of major generals.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
the Senator from New York is not opposed to that
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; I speak in reference
to the whole thing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A single
word in reply to the'Senator from New York, and
then I think we shall pass the bill in a moment. I
can assure the Senator that his solicitude is with-
out any foundation. We have confirmed, I think,
one hundred and sixty-nine brigadier generals; we
have before us about thirty for confirmation, some
of whom are in command of brigades and have
been nominated some time. Those will be acted
upon before we acton those more recently sentin.
This bill provides for the appointment of two hun-
dred. I think about one hundred and ninety-five
or one hundred and mnety-six is the number of
those who have been confirmed and are now before
the Senate; so that I think theie is no trouble to
be apprehended on that point. I hope the bill may
be passed for the reason thatthere are being nom-
inated more brigadier generals than we ought to
have. I believe to-day we have fifty more than is
necessary. I think one hundred and fifty was
about what it was necessary to have. I hope, there-
fore, th6 bill will be passed, and I can assure the
Senator—I know 1 speak the sentimentofthe com-
mittee—that no advantage will be taken of these
gentlemen by any such bill.
Mr. HALE. I do not expect to succeed, but I
want to record my own vote to limit the number
to one hundred and eighty instead of two hundred.
I move to strike out two hundred and insert one
hundred and eighty, limiting the brigadier generals
to that number.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me we ought to fix
this bill with regard to the service, and not with
regard to the appointments. We have the state-
ment from the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs that one hundred and fifty brigadier
generals would be enough, and now, we hesitate
to strike down the number from two hundred to
one hundred and eighty; that is thirty more than
we want; and all for what? Because we have got
these men before us as nominees and have not
manliness enough to stand up and reject them.
Now let us make the service what it ought to be
and fix the number as it ought to be. If one hun-
dred and fifty are enough, put them down to one
hundred and fifty, if we have not more already;
at any rate, put it down to the limit we have, and
not make another if we have enough. Certainly
we should strike it down to one hundred and
eighty. Why do we make them ? What are we
legislating for? For the good of these individuals,
or for the servicc of the country? Are we here to
appoint and confirm men when the country does
not want them, and when the country is already
loaded with a debt that we can scarcely carry?
It seems to me, the statement of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs is a very sin-
gular one. I understood him to say we have got
enough, that one hundred and fifty would be
enough; and now I understand him to say, do not
strike it down to one hundred and eighty. I ask
the chairman why he wants two hundred, if one
hundred and fifty are enough?
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I expressed
my ownjudgmentthatonehundredandfifty would
have been enough; but the President and Secretary
of War thought otherwise, and they have sentin
here about one hundred and nine-five names for
confirmation as brigadier generals; and therefore,'
as the bill was introduced to make the number
two hundred, we thought it best not to change it,
and as two hundred would cover all that were
sent in, we had better stand upon that. That is
my judgment to-day. As an original question, I
think we could have got along very well and very
comfortably with one hundred and fifty brigadier
generals. That is my opinion, and has been my
opinion, and I have urged that too many were
sent in. I have over and over again remonstrated
in regard to it, that we were having too many of
these men sent in. But we have confirmed one
hundred and sixty-nine, and we have before us
for confirmation enough to make the whole num-
ber about one hundred and ninety-five or one hun-
dred and ninety-six.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say that I do
not know much about this matter; but from the
statement of the chairman of the committee, and
from other statements, particularly that made by
my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes] , who under-
stands the matter,! think one hundred and fifty is
quite as many as we want, and one hundred and
fifty is more than any other nation in the world
would have for the Army we have got. My own
judgment would be that the number should be
limited to one hundred and fifty, with a provision
that the law should not vacate the office of any of
those who have already been appointed and con-
firmed, but that when vacancies occur in the list
of brigadier generals, by death, resignation, or
promotion, there should be no more appointments
made until the number is reduced to one hundred
and fifty. There is great force in the suggestion
made by my colleague that#the action of the Sen-
ate in providing for two hundred brigadier gen-
eral when we want but one hundred and fifty will
be an indication to the country that we are legis-
lating for the salvation of the brigadier generals
and not for the salvation of the country, and that
we think it of more consequence to save a few
brigadiers than wc do to regard the interests of
the country.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs now to say
that his opinion is not changed in regard to the
wants of the service, that one hundred and fifty
would have been abundantly enough, but because
the President and the Secretary of War have ad-
vised two hundred, therefore he is inclined to sur-
render the judgment of the Military Committee
to the judgment of the President and the Secre-
tary of War, and to go for the two hundred. That
is the position that I understand the Senator oc-
cupies. Now, I am not disposed to give up my
judgment in that matter. If it is the deliberate
judgment of the Committee on Military Affairs
that one hundred and fifty is enough, I think that
the Senate ought to stand by the judgment of its
committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I did not
speak of the judgment of the committee, but of my
own*opinion.
Mr. CLARK. Well, I will take the Senator's
own judgment. My judgmentcoincides with his,
and I think we had better have the firmness to say
we have got enough. Take one hundred and
eighty, if you please. I should like the last prop-
osition of my colleague the best; but let us limit
the number at least to one hundred and eighty,
and then we shall have an opportunity of on-
firming eleven more, and save to the country the
expense of twenty.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President 
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now proceed to the consideration of the spe-
cial order for this hour, which is the homestead
bill; and that is before the Senate on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Carlile,] to strike out the whole of the original
bill after theenactingclauseand to insert what has
been heretofore read in the form of a substitute.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senator from Kansas
to give way to me. I want to make a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No motions
are in order, cxcept by unanimous consent, the
homestead bill being, by special order, now before
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to yield-
ing for the Senator's motion, temporarily, if it will
occupy no time.
Mr. HALE. It will occupy some time. I move
to postpone ail prior orders for the purpose of
taking up a resolution relating to the business of
the Senate that I submitted some week or two ago.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that motion in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempo) e. The motion
is in order.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator from
Kansas to have the floor, and not to give consent
[ to the introduction of any other resolution.
| The PRESIDENTp?o tempore. The Senator
i himself had not the floor except by common con-
sent of the Senate. Neither Senator has the floor
i except by common consent, and the Chair under-
! stood that consent to have been given,
j| Mr. IIARLAN. I understood the Senator from
; Kansas to be entitled to the floor.
