THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHIN&TON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1862.
New Series No. 182.
rules, the Union will remain dissolved. No free
people either will or ought to submit to its sway.
It is the prolific mother of all our national woes.
Until it entered our political Eden, we did eat of
the pleasant fruits of the tree of liberty and were
content. It came, and with it death.
A little more than seventy years ago, the peo-
ple of thirteen separate and independent States en-
tered into an agreement, made a compact, formed
a union, the terms of which were plainly and dis-
tinctly evidenced in writing, which writing they
denominated a constitution of government. By
their valor in the field they had forced an acknowl-
edgment not of their collective, but of their sep-
arate independence. They had been separate not
united colonies of Great Britain, and although,
when the latter attempted to coerce the colony of
Massachusetts into obedience to the exercise of
arbitrary power, all the others united with her in
her defense, and afterwards continued united for
purposes of common defense against a common
oppressor until oppression had been overcome and
independence achieved, yet none of them at any
time or for any purpose yielded up its separate and
independent position. By the first article of the
treaty of peace in 1783, Great Britain, distinctly
recognizing each of her original thirteen colonies
by name, as distinctly acknowledges each to be a
free, sovereign, and independent State, and treats
with them collectively as such. As such separate
and independent States allegiance was due to each
of them from their respective citizens. Each pos-
sessed all theattributes of independent sovereignty,
and had fall power and right to make treaties and
form alliances with any or all other nations of the
earth. In a word, each had the right to do all acts
which a free and independent nation might of right
do. For purposes of common convenience and in-
terest they entered as independent States, each with
the other, into Articles of Confederation.
In 1787, for the purpose of forming a incfre per-
fect union between them, these separate, inde-
pendent, and sovereign States appointed delegates
to a common convention, to consider and agree
upon terms of union for purposes common to them
all, subject, however, to their separate ratification
and approval. The approval of a majority of all
the people of these States could not make the agree-
ment of the delegates a constitution for all or any
of them. It required the separate approval of each
separate State to-make that agreement its consti-
tution. When nine States had thus separately rat-
ified this agreement, it became their Constitution,
but not the Constitution of those States which had
not given it their assent. The smallest of the
States was the last to yield that assent, and until
that assent was given, she was to the others as a
foreign State. In the formation of this agreement,
contract, compact, or Constitution of Union, the
representatives of the several States encountered
many and some almost insuperable difficulties.
These were occasioned by supposed differences
of State and sectional interests. Harmony and
union could only be secured by concession and
compromise. Representation and taxation were
subjects of difference. The domestic relation of
master and slave was another. These, however,
with others, were happily adjusted. No one was
mad enough then to propose emancipation of slaves
as a condition of Union. The representatives from
those States now most clamorous for emancipa-
tion were the most anxious for the continuance of
the slave trade. To satisfy them, the African slave
trade was legalized for a period of twenty years.
To render the master secure in the possession of
his slave, it was provided that—
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws theieof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, bu! shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
To compensate for this pledge of security to
slave property, it was provided that—
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among tho several States which may be included within
this union, according to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service for a term of years,
182
and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of ail other
persons."
It was further provided in said Constitution,
that " new States may be admitted by the Con-
gress into this Union," and as the States form-
ing the Constitution were in all respects equal, the
just, fair, and only inference to be drawn from
this provision is that such " new States" were to
be admitted on terms of perfect equality with the
original States. The purposes inducing the form-
ation of the Constitution were, as therein stated,
" to form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity." The Government thus formed was
clothed with ample powers, but it could exercise
no powers not delegated in the instrument creat-
ing it, for it was expressly provided that " the
powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people." The application of these principles to
the bill under consideration will hereafter appear.
A Federal, common Government, with delegated
and strictly-defined powers, having thus been es-
tablished, the fondest hope of the patriot was at
last realized. He looked forward in exultant hope
and saw in the not distant future a mighty people,
with a domain extending from lakes to gulf and
from ocean to ocean, attracting by the free spirit
of their institutions the wanderer from every clime,
and commanding by their justice and power the
admiration and respect of the whole civilized
world.
For more than thirty years this people were con-
tented, happy, prosperous, free. They had not
listened to the teachings of a false philanthropy,
nor yielded to the suggestions of those governed
solely by motives of personal ambition. The
fathers lived, and while they lived plighted faith
was observed and national honor was maintained.
To carry into effect that compromise of the Con-
stitution without which even Justice Story ad-
mits the Constitution could not have been formed,
they passed the first fugitive slave act in 1793,
which received the approval of the Father of his
Country, as Presidentof the United States. New
States were from time to time admitted into the
Union, from the time of its formation until 1820,
with or without slavery, according to the free choice
of their citizens. Vermont, Kentucky, Tennes-
see, Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana, Mississippi, Illi-
nois, Alabama, and Maine, were so admitted. In
1819, the people of Missouri applied for admis-
sion into the Union. Their constitution recog-
nized the relation of master and slave. It was
then that political abolitionism attempted to de-
prive the people of a State of admission into the
Union unless they would surrender the dearest con-
stitutional right of American freemen—the right
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way—arid consent to have those insti-
tutions formeel and regulated by others. The con-
troversy convulsed the nation,and threatened with
destruction the best and freest Government on
earth. To escape that destruction, an ignomin-
ious and unconstitutional condition was extorted
from the patriots of that day, which has had, in its
effects and consequences, much to do in involving
us in the unhappy condition in which we are now
placed. This was the firstinstallmentof abolition-
ism towards our country's ruin. The storm passed
by, and abolitionism slept, but was not dead.
From 1838 to 1844 it again disturbed the peace
of the country by its repeated appeals to Congress
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia and
in the national dock-yards and arsenals. About
, the same time it clamored against the admission
of Texas into the Union until that people would
consent to mold their domestic institutions to suit
its vitiated taste. We acquired our possessions
from Mexico, and true to its instincts for political
mischief, it convulsed the'land and threatened
the Government with destruction unless slavery
should be by act of Congress excluded therefrom.
The fugitive slave law was amended so as to en-
able the master to reclaim the possession of the
fugitive from service and labor, as was his un-
questionable right under the Federal Constitution.
Abolitionism resisted, and by force,,the execution
of that law, and in many States attempted to nul-
lify, and practically did nullify it, by opposing
unconstitutional State legislation denominated
personal liberty bills. In every instance from the
foundation of the Government it had been aggres-
sive. Political parties, yielding to its influence to
gain a temporary advantage, were first corrupted
and then destroyed by it.
In 1856 a new party arose, many of whose mem-
bers were honestly opposed to political abolition-
ism, but her votaries thronged its conventions,
made its platforms, and nominated its candidates
for office. Passing by the distinguished men who
gave to it their adhesion, they nominated for the
first office in the nation apolitical adventurer, and
declared ageneral war upon what they were pleased
to term "those twin relicsof barbarism,polygamy
and slavery." They emerged from the conflict
defeated, but surprised at their almost triumphal
success. Gaining control of almost if not all the
State governments in the North and Northwest,
they directed their legislation and inflamed the
minds of their people against the institution of do-
mestic slavery. Their representatives thronged
the Halls of Federal legislation and clamored for
emancipation. Abolition petitions flooded, the
country and loaded your tables. An abolition
press debauched the minds of the people, and abo-
lition orators inflamed their passions by reciting
to them the horrors of slavery among a distant
people. This fanaticism and wickedness culmi-
nated in the attempt by abolition emissaries to in-
vade a slaveholding State, for the purpose of stir-
ring up a servile insurrection, and in murdering,
with the assistance of their free negro associates,
peaceful citizens in the stillness of a Sabbath's
night. Abolitionism howled in rage at the failure
of his hellish scheme, and declared his execution
a judicial murder. Abolitionists followed him to
his grave, and a leading saint proclaimed that the
gallows upon which he expiated his crimes was by
his death rendered as illustrious as the cross upon
which the Saviour died. Thus again, continu-
ously and persistently, has abolitionism been ag-
gressive.
In 1860 the Republican party, in a natonal
convention, composed of men some of whom
were not anil some of whom were abolitionists,
adopted a platform aggressive in its character,
in which they, among other things, declared their
intention to prohibit the admission of any more
slave States into the Union, and also an intention
to exclude slavery from the common Territories.
Upon this platform they nominated for President
of the United States a man who had previously
proclaimed in substance, in allusion to the States
composing the Federal Union, " that a house di-
vided against itself cannot stand, that either all
the States would become free or all slave, and that
the agitation of slavery would continue until the
public mind could rest in the assurance that it was
m the course of ultimate extinction." He was
elected. Then it was that the clouds gathered
darkness, and the howlings of the coming storm
were distinctly heard in the distance. Wise men,
good men, saw those clouds and heard the mutter-
mgs of that storm. The opposing elements of
political discord were brought face to face in the
Council Chamber of the nation. The representa-
tives of the South demanded guarantees that their
constitutional rights should be respected and ob-
served in the future. The representatives of the
North refused to give them. A venerable Senator
[Mr. Crittenden] who had been almosta cotem-
porary with the fathers, yet lingered beyond his
years among their children. Fie offered in his'
place in the Senate a compromise honorable
derogatory to nQne, guaranteeing rights which had
solemnly been decided by the highest and final
legal tribunal to exist under the Constitution, lhe
representatives of the South were willing to accept
them. The people of the North, by their petitions,
requested you to accept them. You refused, and
