978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
a seal here. In order to have had that poll-book
properly authenticated under the laws of Virginia
it would have been necessary for the commission-
ers who held the election to have certified to the
correctness of it; and why have they not done it ?
There is no reason or excuse given by the sitting
member why it has not been done. If the men
named in this oath really presided at that election,
why €id they not, in pursuance of the laws ofVir-
finia, return their certificate to the officer whocon-
ucted the election at the court-house in the county
of Alexandria, where this election was held ? The
committee find, not only that this election was
irregular, that he had no certificate; but they find
that there is no evidence that any votes were given
for the sitting member; and they have, therefore,
unanimously reported that the sitting member is
not entitled to the scat he now holds.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, upon the first
day of the extra session of this Congress, the
name of Charles H. Upton appeared on the offi-
cial roll prepared by the Clerk of the last House,
who, I believe, pursuant to an existing law, or-
ganizes each succeeding House of "Representa-
tives. A motion was made that those who re-
sponded on the call of that roll should be sworn
in. An exception was sought to be introduced,
omitting from the roll, among others, the name of
Charles H. Upton, of Virginia I refer to this
merely to show that the attention of the House
was callcd specifically at that time to the claim of
this gentleman to a seat. The proposition was
so modified as to provide that the oath should be
administered to those to whom no objection was
made. Upon the administration of the oath at
that time, so far as the record shows, no objection
was made to administering the oath to Charles
H. Upton. That has significance, if it has any,
only as showing the fact that attention had pre-
viously been called to his case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in this state of the record,
I have a piopositton to submit to such considera-
tion of the House as it, in its wisdom, may think
it entitled to. It is to be borne in mind that there
is no contestant for Mr. Upton's seat. It must
also be borne in mind that there is no whisper of
discontent or dissatisfaction coming from any por-
tion of his so-called district. True, there is some
person who has come here at some time or other
claiming the seat, and whom the member of the
committee has dignified with the name of "the
contestant," and he was made to figure somewhat
conspicuously in the able remarks of my distin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Worcester. J Rut it is
a most significant fact, so far us ho is concerned—
and that is all I shall say of him and his claim—
that his name does not occur m the elaborate re-
port of the Committee of Elections. Why, sir,
liis pretended election took place long after the
extra session of Congress, and the committee m
their report are silent as to him and his claim.
But 1 was about to say that the sitting member
was sworn in after the attention of the House had
been called to his position as a claimant and when
there was no claim adverse to his What then is
his position upon this floor? The fifth section of
the first article of the Constitution provides that
each House shall be the judge of the election, re-
turns, and qualifications of its members, and shall
exercise to that extent, of course, judicial func-
tions, and I suppose that when they have exer-
cised that function m a given case, they have used
it up, so far as that case is concerned. I am not
aware that any provision of the Constitution, or
any law of Congress, or any usage of this House
permits the House to undertake to leconsider or
review its own decision. I have never heard of
such a thing, and the effect of the administration
of the oath upon this gentleman was to make him
conclusively and bona fide as much a member of
this House as any gentleman who occupies a scat
in it, and, nt my judgment, he can only be got
rid of by the same means as other members can
be excluded by expulsion.
Now,sir, in some cases a man corner here with
only & prima facie case; he is to some extent paired
off with another claimant; the House finds upon
hasty consideration that he hassuch a claim as en-
titles him to receive the oath, and in such a case
it is expressly or impliedly understood, fiotn the
fact that there is a contestant, that the case is not
conclusively settled. But 1 submit to the judicial
consideration of the House that when a man comes
here and claims a seat to which there is no con-
testant—and especially in a case where an objec-
tion is raised and the House considers itand votes
it down, and then administers the oath to him as
it is administered to others—that the function of
iudging of the qualifications and election of that
man has been exercised, and that there is no power
by which the decision may be reconsidered, un-
less you can charge upon the sitting member some
act of fraud. There is but one other function, so
far as he is concerned, which the House can ex-
ercise if they wish to vacate his scat, and that is by
a motion or resolution, on proper cause made, for
his expulsion, which requires a two-thirds vote.
I know that it is out of order to allude to what
transpires at the other end of the Capitol. I shall
not do so in a reprehensible way so as to bring
myself within that rule; but it is well known that
there is now a gentleman claiming a seat as a
Senator, the question of whose qualification is
under discussion, and it is conceded on all hands—
his seat not being contested—that if he is sworn
in, even upon a prima facie case, he can only be
thereafter excluded by a two-thirds vote sustaining
his expulsion.
That is quite as much, perhaps, as I ought to
say on this point. I do so for the purpose of
bringing the attention of parliamentary and con-
stitutional lawyers on this floor to what may pos-
sibly have no title to their consideration, but
which seems t* me to be founded on the best and
most conclusive reasons.
Subsequently, at a later day in the last session,
as was said by the gentleman in his opening, the
question of the eligibility of this gentleman to his
seat and the regularity of his election was referred
to the Committee of Elections, whether for the
purpose of reconsidering his admission or of pred-
icating a resolution for his expulsion we are not
informed by the resolution itself. The commit-
tee, not quite content with reporting on this eli-
gibility and the regularity of his election, reported,
after finding that he was eligible, that he was not
entitled to a scat in this House. Now, I submit
that even if a majority of the House should find
that he was notentitled to his seat, that would not
vacate the scat unless that majority rose to two
thirds for reasons already stated.
Before calling attention to the report and some
of its reasonings, I wish to say a word or two in
regard to some very important principles that seem
to me to lie a little below the ground occupied by
the committee in its report. The gieat primal
law, so to speak, which lies at the foundation of
all Ametican politics, to wit, the right of tfie peo-
ple to govern themselves, finds its expression in
this other equally primary law, that they shall do
that by their Representatives. It therefore be-
comes of the gravest consequence that this right
of expressing their preference or declaring their
choice for the Representatives who shall carry for-
ward the process of Government shall be by the
amplest means sccurcd.to the people. That is the
thing to be accomplished. All the various laws
of the United States or of the several States reg-
ulating elections, are but the means employed to
insure to the people the exercise of their right
of choice, and to permit them, through constitu-
tional and legal forms, to express that choice.
Every presumption of fact, every intendment of
law, and every construction of law and of fact are
to be in favor of giving effect to this voice of the
people in a given case, and can never be used to
defeat it. The purpose and object to be ariived
at is, what did the people wish ? For the pui pose
of ascertaining that, we pay little respect to broad
seals; we pry them up. We do not pay much at-
tention to enactments; we cleave whole volumes
of them asunder, so that we may arrive at the
wish of the people, as it resides in them, pure as
light is said to reside primarily in the diamond.
It is a defeat of the primary as well as of the par-
amount object of thvse various election laws to
; use them or permit them to be used to prevent the
: purpose and object of the people. Wherever,
j whenever, and however it can be ascertained that
j under the forms and color of law, a people have
; expressed their wish for a Representative in agiven
' case, that wish is to have effect given to it. I be-
i hove there ran he no exception whatever to that
rule, and never was.
Now, here is a congressional district, called the
seventh district of the State of Virginia. All Us
! multiplied and various interests are to be repre-
{ sented on this floor. Its territory, which is a por-
tion of the territory of the United States, the emi-
nentdomain of which resides in the sovereign; all
its variety of interests—interests of property, in-
terests geographical and commercial, and all other,
before you reach the ultimate, greatest, and last
interest—the interest of the people themselves—-
are to find expression and representation on this
floor, or are to be denied. One would suppose that
the theory was that the right of self-government,
if it is to be exercised by Representatives, would
carry with it the right of universal suffrage. That
is not the American rule. The Constitution has
left to the State authorities the right to designate
who, in a congressional district having perhaps
one hundred thousand inhabitants, shall give ex-
pression to the will of the inhabitants in the selec-
tion of a Representative. It is said here by this
committee that in the seventh district of Virginia
this choice is to be expressed by about six or eight
thousand—not one tenth, not more than one twelfth
—of the inhabitants. These voters are not the only
persons interested in this thing. They are but the
agents of the inhabitants to express their wish in
a given instance, to put them in official relations
with the General Government. When they have
exercised that function—the voting for a member
of Congress—they sink back again into the great
mass of'the constituency. They have no interest
independent of that of everybody else. They are,
in no sense, to be considered constituents in con-
tradistinction to all the other inhabitants of their
congressional district. They are the agents on the
part of the people, and the agents on the part of
the General Government, to put that particular
congressional district in official relations with the
General Government in all its various territorial,
commercial, geographical, and other interests.
Now, sir, lias any law of the Congress of the
United States enforced this duty on these official
agents? Does it enjoin that they shall do it? Does
it impose on them any penalty if they fail to do
it? Did any law of the State of Virginia impose
this duty on these six or seven thousand agents?
Did it impose on them any disability if they dis-
regarded it? Have the people of a given congres-
sional district any constitutional or legal power
to coerce or enforce this discharge of official duty
the part of these agents, save only the some-
times strong, sometimes weak, force of public
opinion ? None at all. Does the law of Congress
or the Constitution of the United States require
that all or any specified part of these official agents
shall unite to express the will of the people? Not
at all. Is there any law of the State of Virginia
which requires for the election of a member of
Congress the concurrent action of one half, two
thirds, three fourths, or any other number? Not
at all. What is the legal and constitutional con-
clusion from these premises? Why, that any
number, from one to ten thousand, who shall, in
accordance with and under color of the law of the
State, in proper time and manner deposit one vote
or the whole number of votes for a given candi-
date, are entitled to have cffcet given to their will.
Does the Constitution or any law provide that in
case of an invasion of territory, or in case of an
insurrection involving a majority of the inhabit-
ants, this right to express the will of the people
in the choice of their Representative shall not take
effect? Not at all. There is no qualification or
condition of any sort. It is complete, wholly
unqualified, and unconditional.
This gives additional strength and support to
the conclusion at which I have just ariived, to
wit, that any number of electors who shall at-
tempt in good faith, and under color and form of
law, to give utterance and expression to the will
of the people, and shall so utter and express it,
may be sufficient to exercise that power. They
are a sort of agents, trustees of a power, coupled,
to be sure, with an interest, but with no interest
independent of the interest of all the other inhab-
itants of the district. It would be intolerable to
admit any other rule. What would be done with
a distiict, if a different rule were to be established,
where two thirds, three fourths, nine tenths, or
ninety-nine hundredths of the electors refused to
vote, no matter for what reason? Should they
be permitted to outlaw the whole territory, and
to disfranchise all the people? It is to be borne
in mind that they are not the constituents, any
more than the rest of the inhabitants. They are
muiuly the official agents to express the voice of
the people.
