1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
will not in years to come. It becomes, then, a
question to be fai'rly considered by Senators, how
can the public lands be made to yield a revenue to
the Government? If not directly by sale, can they
indirectly by settlement?
This, then, Mr. President, is the question I pro-
pose to discuss, involved in the passage of this
homestead bill', namely, that the speedy settlement
of the country by actual occupants of the land,
though they be "small-fisted farmers," taking a
homestead without expense or benefit to the Gov-
ernment, will produce more revenue to the coun-
try, and vastly more increase its wealth and pro-
ductiveness than any present or prospective sale,
even though $1 25 could be realized for every
acre. For my own part, I believe it should not
be the policy of the Government to derive a rev-
enue from a sale of the land, any more than from
a sale of the air or the sunshine. These natural
elements and auxiliaries of human life are God's
great gifts to man, and the Government may as
well bottle up the one as deed away the other.
The great command was, when our earth came
fresh, green, and beautiful from a divine hand,
to take it, to people and subdue it. Monopolizing
great tracts, having estates embracing townships
and counties, though, perhaps, gratifying to the
individual, is always destructive of the general
good. The indiscriminate sale of the public lands
opens the door to the wildest speculations and the
most unprincipled land monopolies. The greatest
curse to a new country, and, indeed, to all coun-
tries, is to have large tracts of unoccupied lands
held by non-residents and non-occupants. It re-
tards the growth of a community, paralyzes its
industry, delays internal improvements, forbids
a general system of free schools, standing di-
rectly in the way of the moral, social, and reli-
gious improvement of the people, tending to pro-
duce a worse state of things in this country than
has been experienced in Europe. And this his-
tory in the Old World has been written in tears
and sighs. It has entered like an iron into the
soul of the laborer, deadened his hopes and ex-
tinguished his aspirations to rise in the scale of
society.
Under this influence England may present a
splendid aristocracy—the proudest nobility of the
word ! Yet, standing side by side with these lords
of creation are untaught millions, without aspira-
tions and without hope, and bound to travel on
in the dead circle of decayed generations. Thirty
thousand landlords hold the title deeds of the whole
of Great Britain, while outside of their inclosures,
by the wayside, are thousands on thousands of
doomed and dying men and women, perishing for
want of a few acres of God's earth on which to
raise their daily bread. In Ireland there are two
and a half millions who own not one foot of the
soil they so carefully cultivate; yet they pay to
their landlords S20,000,000 annually for the poor
privilege of half living and half dying on their
extended estates! Under such influences indus-
try may daily be seen sitting in rags! and the
greatest human energies, though for a time enli-
vened by hope, at last blends into the deadness of
despair. Does any one desire to reproduce that
picture in this country; to shut out the hope of
free homes to a homeless people? If not, then I
say let us open our extended domain to the home-
less of our own country; yes, and of every coun-
try, for this is God's heritage, and hcnce the in-
heritance of mankind. I am, sir, for opening these
lands for the landless of every nation under heaven.
I care not whether he comes to us from the pop-
ulous cities of our older States, or from the en-
lightened though oppressed nations of Europe.
" No matter if he may have roamed the wilds of
Siberia, or have been burned by a vertical sun."
To me he is an American, if he has an American
heart in his bosom; if he be inspired with Amer-
ican impulses and American hopes, and yields
himselfjoyfully to the molding in/iuence of Amer-
ican civilization. You and I, sir, are Americans
because we were born here; wo could not help
it no great merit in that; but the man who be-
comes an American from choice, and not neces-
f.ity> ^yno catches the fiee breezes of our repub-
lican institutions, though blown across a track-
less ocean, and longs to identify himself with us
in our struggles to perpetuate a free Government
unbodied in constitutional liberty, established by
law—£ say I give thrice welcome to such an one
impelled, as he has been, to abandon home and
country and fatherland, the cherished objects of
endeared affection, for the sake of becoming an
American nationalized.
I urge, then, the passage of this bill. First. I
will say from the fact that the public lands have
already sold for more money than they cost, and
that if they never net the Government another dol-
lar over the expense of the survey and sale, still
there has been no money lost in purchase and cut-
ting up into small farms of this extended country.
The Secretary of the Interior, in his report to
Congress in 1850, (I have not estimated expenses
since,) puts down the aggregate receipts from the
sale of the public lands to January of that year at
the enormous sum of $135,339,092, and the-entire
cost at §74,957,879, leaving a net balance of receipts
over expenditures of $60,381,213* Prom this bal-
ance you may deduct the $15,000,000 we have
since paid Mexico for New Mexico and Califor-
nia; also, $10,000,000 we paid since to Texas in
settling: her boundary; and §10,000,000 more for
indemnity and every other expense justly charge-
able to the cost of the public lands, and you will
still have a balance of receipts over expenditures,
showing that the lands can now be gratuitously
disposed ofwithoutloss to the Govern merit. They
have now ceased to be revenue. The Secretary
of the Interior, in his report to Congress of this
year (Ex. Doc., p. 444) says:
"It will be seen from these statements that the public
lands have ceased, for the present, at least, to be source of
revenue to the Government.55
General Jackson, in his annual message to Con-
gress in 1832, used these words: *
" Independent farmeis are everywhere the basis of soci-
ety and the true friends of liberty. To put an end forever to
all partial and interested legislation on this subject, and to
afford every American citizen of entei prise the opportunity
of securing an independent fieehoid, it seems to me, tliere-
foie, best to abandon the idea of raising a future revenue
out of the sales the public lands."
Sir, though the hero of that period sleeps in the
grave of his own home, still he is not dead, not
wholly gone. No man who has nobly lived can
ever wholly die. He shall live in the generations
that shall come after him, and in the influence he
has exerted, until the past is forever forgotten,
and the future shall blend " into the new heavens
and the new earth."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to call upon the Senator from Kansas to
suspend his remarks, the hour having arrived for
the consideration of the special order of the day
assigned for one o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. I move a postponement of
that special order to allow the Senator from Kan-
sas to conclude his remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent that course maybe taken. No objection
being made, the Senator from,Kansas will pro-
ceed and conclude his remarks.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I have said
that the public lands have sold for more than they
cost, and hence the account can be closed without
loss to the Government. Rut,in the cost 1 do not
reckon the expenses of the war of the Revolution,
and I should not, for that was not a war for land,
but for the rights of mankind. I do not calculate
the cost of the war of 1812, for that was a conflict
to teach the nations that our dearest rights were
safe and should be protected under the old flag
of the Union, on the sea as well as on the land. I
do not name, in the cost of the public domain, the
$100,000,000 spent in the Florida war, protracted
through two Administrations, for that was a war
for slavery and not for territory. I do not men-
tion the §200,000,000 spent in the Mexican war,
for wc had to buy and pay millions to purchase
territory after we had got through the fighting. I
say only this, that every legitimate expense, justly
chargeable for territory, has already been paid
back to the Government in the sales of the lands.
Therefore it is that the Government may enter
upon its new policy of " free homesteads for free
men."
The great question to be settled by legislation,
and which must enter into the system adopted for
the disposal of the lands by Congress, is how
shall they be best disposed of so as to promote
the wealth of the nation and the perpetuity of the
Government, while, at the same time, we secure the
prosperity and happiness of the whole people.
In discussing this proposition, 1 shall try to
justify my vote for the homestead bill, and hope
also to commend its passage to others.
In the first place, as I have and shall show that
since the issuing of large quantities of land war-
rants, and in making them assignable, and large
grants to States and railroad companies, the whole
of the public lands likely to be taken for many
years to come, will be entirely absorbed in taking
m this Government scrip, and the United States
Treasury will not secure money enough to meet
the current expenses of the various land offices,
and hence no revenue will be accruing to the Gov-
ernment; therefore a change in the policy of ad-
ministering the public lands will not deplete the
Treasury, provided we receive at the land offices,
money enough for the incidental expenses. And
here 1 may be allowed to say that the amount
received for the sale of the public lands annually
has always been a very inconsiderable sum, and
never relied upon for a revenue to support the
Government, either in peace or war. I suppose
that the proposition to sell a large tract of our
unoccupied domain to a foreign country to raise
money to carry on the war would not be enter-
tamed m any quarter. Our settled policy in this
regard is already marked in the high duties im-
posed by our late tariff bill, and also in the tax
bill for revenue now before Congress. These two
methods of raising revenue have become the fixed
policy of the Government. The former, a kind of
indirect tax, has proved abundant in time of peace;
the latter is resorted to only as one of the neces-
sities of the war.
Now, then, I ask, how can the public lands be
used so as to best increase the wealth of the coun-
try, and so be the better able to consume the im-
ports of the country, (for, after all, the consumer
pays all the duties,) as well, also, as to meet the
taxes imposed by the Government? And here
let it be observed that the wealth of a nation does
not consist in the money paid into its treasury,
exacted, as it often is, from half-paid toiling mil-
lions, nor in an endless unoccupied public domain,
running to waste with wild men and wild buffa-
loes. Hut wealth consists in flocks and herds,
cultivated fields, in well-paid labor, and well-di-
rectod energy. The strength of a nation does not
consist in the numbers or bravery of the men in
her armies or navies, nor whether they are well
or poorly led to the conflict, or not led atall. But
iced strength consists in being able to reproduce
another army or navy when one is destroyed or
captured, and m being able to sustain an unlimited
force until the angel of peace descends to bless the
land. Real strength consists in the hearts, the
bones, the sinews of an independent, loyal, free
yeomanry, who have the comforts of a home, the
fear of a God, the love of mankind, and the in-
spiration of a good cause. Such an army will
press gloriously onward to victory. The great-
ness of a nation does not consist in its high-sound-
ing professions, in its lofty palaces, cathedrals,
spires, and domes, ancient and honored names
of the present or the past, living or dead. Men
constitute the wealth, the strength, the greatness
of a State,
 " high-minded men,
********
Men who their duties know,
But know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain."
The wealth, the strength, the greatness of a na-
tion consists in the largest number proportionate
to the whole of happy, contented, virtuous, and
independent families it sustains. And I care not
what other means of subsistence men may devise.
The trades, the professions, the wits, the brains
of a man may fail him; but the inspired truth will
then even brighten with more complete effulgence,
" that the earth abided]." With one hundred and
sixty acres of God's free earth under a man in his
own right, and genial skies above him, he shall
not want. For u seed time and harvest, summer
and winter, day and night" shall not fail him till
the heavens be no more.
Now, then, to increase the revenue of the coun-
try, add to the number of self-sustaining families
of the nation, to secure the development, growth,
and happiness of a people, put a household upon
every quarter section; make the father feel in his
daily toil that himself and family have a portion
of God's inheritance for mankind, exhaustless in
productiveness, and as abiding as the earth. To
a man so situated you may reasonably calculate
that he will develop the character of a patriot, a
philanthropist, and, under the divine culture, a
Christian; for there is but little use to talk of
