1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2899
I s it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it,
U and to institute a new government, laying its
L foundations 011 such principles and organizing its
^ powers in such form as to them shall seem most
[ likely to effect their safety and happiness." Nor
f- s have we been slow in affirming our implicit faith
S. in this declaration of the fathers. Witness our
prompt recognition of the independence of the
* South American and other republics. Kossuth,
'I the unsuccessful revolutionist, was the nation's
t." guest. Founded on principles and aiming at pur-
poses so entirely different, our maxims of govern-
ment must be expected to be shaped accordingly,
and therefore, in many respects, to be wholly at
variance with those of other nations.
As an example of this, I refer to the doctrine on
' the right of expatriation. It is an established rule,
in most other countries, that the allegiance of the
subject is perpetual, and can never be thrown off
*by his own act. He may have removed his dom-
icil; he may have abjured his allegiance; he may
have renounced all right to protection from his
original sovereign; he may have united his for-
tunes and those of his posterity with another Gov-
ernment, and sworn allegiance thereto, but still
the obligation imposed by birth remains in force.
If taken in arms against his native country, though
in support of that of his adoption, he is regarded
as a traitor, and is liable to punishment as such.
/ Nay, he may be seized by force, and compelled to
serve his native sovereign in his fleet and in his
armies, and may be treated in all respects as though
- his original allegiance had never been interrupted,
changed, or diminished. At the cannon's mouth
•we have denied the exercise of any such right on
the partofanother nation over any of ouradopted
citizens. We are estopped from claiming for our-
selves that which we deny to others. The law of
nations, as undei stood in European monarchies,
has therefore been essentially modified by us in
t this important particular.
The rule I am now considering is closely akin
to that just stated, and rests on a similar basis.
In fact, it may be said to have a more fitm foun-
dation. He who leaves his country and abjures
his allegiance to his sovereign acts a voluntary
part. He who is forced away from th&protection
of his native country by the current of events
yields to necessity. Without any act of his own
he finds himself subject to a power which he has
no means of resisting, and that power, to all ap-
pearances, firmly established as one of the nations
of the earth. To persist in allegiance to the Fed-
eral Government is to court inevitable destruction.
He yields to the power he cannot resist. He ac-
knowledges the de facto government. He swears
allegiance to it. He accepts office under it, as
did Hale and Milton under Cromwell, and as did
thousands of our ancestors in the days of our own
Revolution. He takes up arms in its defense. Is
he a traitor*, is he guilty of treason under any rule
of law founded on reason and supported by jus-
tice? Does a just Government impose such con-
ditions upon the loyalty of its citizens? If it is no
sufficient cause of war for a foreign Power to ac-
knowledge the independence of a de facto gov-
ernment founded on revolution, can a single indi-
vidual, who has been driven by necessity to do
the same thing, be punished as a felon therefor?
Could they who accepted office under the Repub-
lic, the Consulate, or the Empire of France, they
who fought the battles, or who in any other way
recognized and endeavored to sustain either of
those Governments, be rightfully punished as trai-
tors by the restored Bourbons?
I do not ask now, although I may show here-
after, what is the European law on this subject;
but what says the American mind, how throbs
the American heart in relation to this matter? I
say nothing of the application of these principles
to the conduct of the instigators of revolutions so
far as relates to overt acts preceding the establish-
ment of a government de facto. If such acts
amount to treason, the Constitution defines trea-
son, and the laws provide an ample punishment. I
speak only of acts done after theestabhshmentof a
government de facto, in obedience to and in compli-
ance with its demands. EngliSiimen_p£rsufite4-in-
calling Washington. Franklin,"ATdams, and Jef-
___jfers©-H-Tcb£ls"and traitors. Had fortune placed
~ the colonies again under the dominion of the Brit-
ish king, these leaders might have been called
upon to have paid the forfeiture of their lives, but
there would have stood the solemn assertion be-
fore cited from the Declaration of Independence as
evidencing the judgment of their cotemporaries
that their execution was judicial murder. But
whether such severity would have been in accord-
ance with the dictates of humanity, of good policy,
or even the principles of English law, it is not ne-
cessary now to consider.
i do not deny that the Draconian law of treason,
with which most Governments have thought it ex-
pedientto hedge themselves around, would justify
such bloody severity; but I do deny that peisons
who merely held civil offices, or the rank and file,
or even the officers of the army, who, after the
colonies had established a de facto government,
and showed a probable capability of sustaining it,
had given it their support, were guilty even of
technical treason, within the meaning of that term,
according to either English or American law. So
thought the English Government itself, for no
trial for treason was had in its courts, and no
estates were confiscated by acts of us Parliament.
Punishment is sometimes meted out from consid-
erations of mere policy, irrespective of any rule of
right or wrong; but such cases are few and of
doubtful authority. In general, no act which is
not wrong in itself, and which does not involve
moral turpitude, should ever be punished with se-
verity. At all events, he who is only insisting on
what he has reason to believe is his just right, or
does that which he honestly thinks is his duty,
should never be punished as a felon. Govern-
ments founded on mere force may disregard this
rule, but not one which is founded in reason.
Now, we have solemnly promulgated to the
world the great truth that the people have a right
to revolutionize their Government whenever they
find it not calculated to promote the purpose for
which it was organized. They may overturn and
overturn and overturn, according to the American
idea, until they obtain one such as they desire.
This is not only the doctrine of the political
fathers. It has been declared m more precise and
unmistakable terms by the present head of the
party which now controls the destinies of this na-
tion. In a published speech, delivered by him
when a member of the House of Representatives
in 1848, he says:
" Any ppoplo anywhere being inclined, and having the
power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing
Government, and lorm a new one that suits tliem better.
This is a most valuable, a most sacred light, a rieht which
we hope and believe is to liberate the world. Nor is the
right confined to cases in which the whole people of an ex-
isting Government may choose to exercise it. Any poition
of such people that can may revolutionize and make their
own of so much of the tenitory as they inhabit. More than
this, a majority of any portion of such people may revolu-
tionize, putting; down a minority intermingled xoith or near
about them who may oppose these movements. Such mi-
nority was precisely the case with the Tories ofour Revo-
lution. It is a quality of revolutions not to go by old hues
or old laws, but to break up both, and make new ones."—
Appendix to Congressional Globe for 1847-48, p. 94.
I quote this expression of opinion, because it
is, or at least was, the opinion of the present Chief
Magistrate, and not because I approve it. I dis-
sent from it. It more than justifies the secession
of, or revolution in, the confederate States, a just-
ification which I never have and which 1 do not
now accord to them. It will be observed, how-
ever, that the rule here laid down exculpates not
only the abettors but the instigators of successful
revolutions. Can a change of external circum-
stances convert that into a crime which has once
been butthe exercise of an admitted right ? When
a revolution has once been completely successful,
can a subsequent counter-revolution change an act
of patriotism into one of felony? It is reasonable,
therefore, to contend that the principles which
have been established in this countiy lead neces-
sarily to the conclusion that the law of treason, as
at one time understood in England and other
countries where it has been the offspring of king-
craft, has never been adopted in all its severity here.
It is only necessary to determine how great is the
modification we have made in this respect. Some
change has been effected. Ho w great is that change?
If it be said that the right of revolution, which
we aliow only contemplates $ revolution that is
finally gueeessfiri and" permanent, and that where
such eventual success is not attained the severity
of the old rule is still in full force, I inquire whai,
then, is the change which has been made? Wherein
does the rule, as thus expounded, differ from that
which has been recognized since the origin of civil
Governments, even by the most absolute tyrants?
The practical justification of a successful revolu-
tion has never been denied. It would have been
admitted by the Caesars, the Tudors, or the Bour-
bons. If the right of revolution, as understood
by us, is merely an exemption from punishment
of those whom we could not punish if we would;
if we are to treat all those within our reach just
as they would have been treated by the despots of
Europe, wherein consists the propriety of all the
flourish of trumpets as to the right of revolution ?
How can this be " a most valuable and sacred
right—a right which we hope and believe is to lib-
erate the world?" Have we made any new dis-
covery? Have we recognized any new doctrine,
or are we not, rather, in this respect, practically
following along in the beaten track that has been
undeviatingly trodden by the most arbitrary Gov-
ernments ever since the flood? The bloodiest
tyrant never contended for any severer rule than
that the unsuccessful rebels should be gibbeted.
Success has always atoned for crimes of this na-
ture.
But such is not a just interpretation of the great
American doctrine on which our very existence
as a nation is founded. The right of revolution
is not a mere name—a sound without significa-
tion. But there is a substantial difference between
us and the monarchies of the Old World in regard
to the light in which efforts at revolution are to be
regarded. I claim no exemption from punishment
for the wanton disturbers of the public peace.
Violators of law have even less excuse here than
in countries where the people have less to do with
their enactment. Supeiadded to their genera! du-
ties as citizens are the obligations of good faith
to support what they themselves have aided to es-
tablish. A riot, a mob, or even an insurrection,
will justly subject all those connected therewith
to the punishment provided by law. A reTOlution
at its commencement may be but an insurrection,
If it has no sufficient foundation in the public
mind—if there is no great popular grievance suf-
ficient to give it the necessary support it will fail.
They who engage in it act at their own peril.
They must have sufficient grounds to believe that
the causcs of public dissatisfaction are sufficient
to secure them success before they are justified in
aiding such a measure. If they misjudge they are
liable to punishment. This is the only effectual
way to prevent causeless attempts at revolution
occasioning frequent bloodshed and general feel-
ing of personal insecurity both of life and property.
The first movers in a revolution may, therefore,
be compelled to look to final success as their sole
justification. But is this the case of all those who
yield allegiance to the revolutionary government
when it has been, in point of fact, established, and
before it is acknowledged by the former sovereign?
Take an individual citizen of a country thus sit-
uated, and suppose him to be actuated by the
most conscientious desire to perform his public
duty. If the revolution is to be a success, ought
he not to support it; if a failure, ought he not to
oppose it? Would not such a course tend to les-
sen the evils of a revolutionary struggle ? But he
has no means of determining the future and must
be governed by probabilities. Shall a mere mis-
take of judgment, while his intentions are good,
constitute a crime ? If the doctrine of divine, inde-
feasible right were established, he would be free
from ail moral difficulty on this subject. His duty
would be plain, though it might be dangerous to
discharge it fully. But where the right of revo-
lution is the established doctrine, it may become
a matter of duty to support the revolutionary gov-
ernment, not only when it has been fully estab-
lished, but whpn it has shown a sufficient proba-
bility that it will ultimately be established. The
Tories of the Revolution may not have been mor-
ally culpable for their adherence to the king at the
commencementofthatstruggle, butthose whocon-
tinued their allegiance to him up to its very close
have always been held so; find, under the Amer-
ican doctrine, they have been justly so held. No
rule of law can be just and sound which punishes
a person as a felon for doing what he earnestly
and conscientiously believes to be right. The doc-
trine of the right of revolution leads, therefore,
unerringly to this result—that where a revolution
is begun under circumstances which show clear
probability of success, it may become the duty of
every citizen to yield allegiance to the new gov-
ernment; and where there is only a reasonable
probability of success, they who support that gov-
ernment commit thereby no felony, and cannot
