1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
either to a man while he ia houseless and home-
less, and when unsatisfied hunger is preying upon
the lile-fountain. Give him first the comforts of
this life, and you may hopefully direct lum to the
life to come. So, too, of his capacity and ability
to support the Government. As surely as you
provide for a man comfortably to support himself,
so surely you enable him to support your Gov-
ernment. As a consequence, if you deprive him
of self-support, he will be unable to support the
institutions of the country.
The revenue, as I have said, of the Government is
derived from the tariff upon importations. When
then you increase the ability of the consumer, you
of course add to the amount of products he will
consume, and, as a consequence, increase the
amount of importations, as also the amount of
the revenue. If you divide the whole amount of
the imported goods consumed in the United States
by the whole population, you will see what
amount is annually consumed by each person.
By reference to carefully prepared tables—up to
the census of 1850—it appears that a fraction less
than an amount of seven dollars a head was con-
sumed (of the goods imported) by each and every
person in the United States, including boiul and
/rec,old and young. Since 1850 it has been shown
to exceed ten dollars each. Now, if the aveiage
of each family, planted and supported by their
own labor under the provisions of this bill, were
estimated at six persons, their annual consump-
tion of imported goods would equal sixty dollars
to a household; and as the average tariff now
equals thirty-three and a third per cent, on all
goods, each and every family of six persons will
pay, or cause to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States twenty dollars per annum for the
support of the Government. Now, the interest
upon the $2Q0 paid into the Treasury of the United
States, provided this man could have paid it, at
six percent., would have been twelve dollars. But
by giving him this quarter section under the home-
stead bill, thus enabling him to raise and support
his family, the Government realizes twenty dol-
lars—more than fifty per cent, increase in the
revenue of the country, produced by this bill!
to say nothing of the endless comforts and hap-
piness accruing to a household, and hence to a
community and the country for untold genera-
tions to come. I repeat, sir, that the argument
for this system of disposing of the public lands is
irresistible, it is overwhelming.
I need only refer to the productiveness of the
public lands, to show that they are most desira-
ble places of location and settlements. The rich
fields of the "West—if you can find that spot—are
fast becoming the granaries of the world. It is said
that two millions of tons of grain were last year
shipped to European ports, thus equalizing the
commerce and trade of the two countries; and the
consumer has been supplied though livingsix thou-
sand miles from the producer. In 1860, it is said
that the hay crop of the United States amounted
to twenty millions of tons, worth, at ten dollars
per ton, $200,000,000; but there is at least four
times as many tons of grass on the public lands
of the United States left annually :o be consumed
by fire or go to decay as there are tons saved and
gathered into barns hi all the States of the Union.
And, too, there is more and fatter and better beef
running wild upon the hoof of the buffalo, than
all the domestic beef in the States. All that it
needs is the hand of the husbandman to " make
glad the wilderness and solitary place, and to bring
forth springs in the desert."
I need not disguise the fact that while this sys-
tem of small farms of a quarter section of land
each will greatly promote the wealth, strength,
and glory of the Republic, thus conducing to
human happiness, near and remote, now and for
all ages, still as a consequence and by virtue'of the
same law, it will secure the entire public domain
to human freedom forever1 The pioneer strug-
gling amidst many discouragements upon the fron-
tier prairies of the West, comes nearer obeying
the divine injunction to "gain his bread by the
sweat of his brow," than any other man. The
men who have, from their circumstances and
education, been inured to self-reliance, can safely
volunteer as soldiers of civilization in its onward
progress across this continent, from the great val-
leys of the Mississippi and Missouri to the shores
of the Pacific. The man who is able to put all
he owns on earth into one canvass-covered wagon,
wife, children, household goods, all, and move
with slow pace into what has been called "the
wilderness of the West," far out upon the fron-
tier, beyond law and civilization, and there plant
himself down upon a homestead for life, is doing
a work for himself, his family, for civilization,
his country, and his God, that can never be fully
known, or its influence told, until the final disclo-
sure. Such soldiers of civilization are sentinels,
standing as the advance guard on the outposts of
civilization, and will yet be high on the page of
the world's unwritten history, and will be sure to
keep the watch fires of freedom burning conspicu-
ously. Slavery can never extend itself outside
and beyond law! It can only follow in the wake
of the police regulations that recognize and pro-
tect it.
I declare, to-day, in the American Senate that to
secure a country to freedom forever, I would pre-
fer to have this homestead bill enacted into a law
and extended to the whole public domain, than to
reiinact the ordinance of 1787, or establish again
the compromise line of 1820. Yet still, although
I would not reconstruct it, I believe that the day
that witnessed the repeal of that ancient landmark
of freedom was the saddest day that the country
has seen. Then and there was the disruption of
the American Union. The ancient and time-hon-
ored compact and settlement was broken. The
party that prevailed and triumphed in these Halls
at that hour have never known peace or harmony
since. When they tried to rally all hands to the
rescue of slavery in the Lecompton iniquity, they
wore divided. They had a majority ana csuld not
use it. They divided at Charleston and divided at
Baltimore, divided at the November election fol-
lowing, and have been " a house divided against
itself" ever since. That party which had made
Presidents and Cabinets, and had shaped the legis-
lation of the country at home and its diplomatic
policy abroad for half a century, was divided and
destroyed in a day. In the mean time, freedom,
though crushed to earth, came up renewed again.
The contest that closed here by the passageof the
Nebraska bill on the 23d of May, 1854, was trans-
ferred to the Territory. The principles that de-
served to triumph here suffeied a temporary defeat.
But it was the last one—the last one. Before the
feast of triumphant rejoicing over the passage of the
bill was closed, the handwritingappeared upon the
wall, and all who had sight left to see could read
legibly: "thy dominion divided and finished."
The scepter departed to others, and those who came
forth from that triumph of nationalizing slavery,
and opening every section of the public domain to
it, undertook to carry their new doctrines to the
new Territories.
I shall never forget the day when freedom and
slavery walked into Kansas side by side on equal
footing. Her prairie-swells at that day stood out
to our unaccustomed eyes, one above and beyond
another, like ocean waves,fresh, green,and beau-
tiful as when " the morning stars sang together."
Some of us had been accustomed to the bustle of
active business life, and there seemed around us
then the stillness of a Sabbath. The whole land
seemed to be resting in the sleep of ages; and our
first effort was to awaken it to civilization and to
life. Here was the first exhibition I ever wit-
nessed of slavery attempting to live without law.
But that party, flushed with the triumphs of late
congressional successes, soon galvanized a slave
code for Kansas. I need not repeat whatfoliowed.
It is now a part of the history of the Republic,
i But there aie unwritten volumes teeming with
; significance to me. The great champion of the
i law under which we settled said, " he did not care
■ whether slavery was voted up or voted down, if
I we only had the right to vote." But there were
others thatdid care. We soon wiinessed a country
containing land enough for an empire of itself,
and as rich as the valley of Nile, having been con-
secrated to freedom for more than thirty years by
positive law, at once opened to the blighting influ-
I ences of human slavery. The light and shade,
j triumphs and defeats, the successes and reverses,
! of a three years' struggle, were to us of " '56"
| what the rebellion of the entire slaveholding coun-
j try of to-day is to the Republic. Ours was a
j " pocket edition," but a prelude to the same song;
!' a small edition of the same work,
jj Mr. President, I am here in my place in the
1] Senate of the United States to declare that free-
II dom was secured to Kansas, not by congressional
law, not by any arbitrary line—although time-
honored and sacred as having been established in
a spirit of compromise and concession—but free-
dom was established by a law unrepeatable, by
an ordinance, thoug-h unwritten, yet as legible and
as ineffaceable as the mountains thatare piled west
of us, and divide us from the free slopes of the
Pacific. Sir, freedom was'secured in Kansas by
being planted in the soil, set to-growing upon each
quarter section of land that we were able to hold,
and made permanent as the homesteads that were
secured. Hence it is that I said that I would
rather have the " free homestead bill " as a meas-
ure to secure freedom to the Territories than the.
reestablishment of the compromise line of 1820, or
even the ordinance, reenacted, of 1787.
Finally, I urge the passage of this bill as an
inducement and as giving impetus to the progress
of our settlements on the lines of travel to the two
States bordering on the Pacific-—California and
Oregon. Nothing is more settled than the fact
that the American people have, by their settle-
ments made year by year, exhibited a determina-
tion to march across the continent and possess the
land to the Pacific. This has been true since the
fathers settled upon the ice-clad and rock-bound
shores of New England.
" Westward the star of empire takes its way."
During the first century, this moving, emigra-
ting, adventurous, liberty-loving people had not
even ascended the tops of the Alleghanies, but the
second century witnessed the hardy pioneer build-
ing his cabin on the banks of the Ohio. What
has not the third century seen in this direction?
State after State assuming magnificent propor-
tions, covered like a network with railroads and
telegraphs, populous and rich, free, and, in some
matters, sovereign, is seen sitting quietly down
at the old homestead, with the original family of
thirteen, and more yet to come; for our people—
now gathering up the accumulated energies of
three centuries, and having crossed the great
"Father of Waters," thus redeeming from a wil-
derness more than half the continent—arc to-day
ascending the eastern slopes that divide the unset-
tled portion of the public domain, and arealready
tunneling forgold at the base ofthe Rocky mount-
ains.
While we are hesitating about securing by law
a homestead for the landless of this and of every
land, the enterprising pioneer is planting the in-
stitutions of freedom deep beneath the hearthstone
of his cabin, on an avarage of a hundred miles
farther westward year by year. I ask Senators
shall we hesitate longer about giving a homestead
to such a people? They have conquered an em-
pire and subdued it to civilization. Shall they
not have a foothold ? They have made the waste
places glad, the silent prairie vocal, the wilder-
ness a fruitful field, and the " desert to bud and
blossom like the rose." Shall they not have a
resting place? May not such a people have a
home, even though they may not be able to pay
the gold for it? Shall the weary one who lias
spent a lifetime in opening the center of the conti-
nent for a generation soon to come after him have
no cabin home, where, at last, he may be able to
gather up his wasted energies, to lie down to die?
Sir, we are urged to pass this bill at once—to pass
it as it is. We are impressed to this service by
all the grateful remembrances of pioneer suffer-
ings, and as a tribute of acknowledgment for the
labors and trials of those now upon the frontier,
as well as affoiding a strong inducement to thou-
sands of others now lingering about our popu-
lous cities who hcsit%te to plant themselves in the
line of the volunteer soldiers of civilization, who
are now on the march to possess themselves of
the public domain, and to keep and perpetuate the
same as a precious legacy which they purpose to
bequeath to the free-labor interests of the world
for untold generations to coroe,
Sir, standing in this high point of the nation's
Capitol, and having been occupied almost exclu-
sively with matters pertaining to the war, I think
wc should not be insensible to the requirements
of peace! We are, I trust, soon to have our brave
soldiers returned to peaceful avocations. When
no longer neededin the service, they will return
to their anxious families. But a life in the camp,
and distant marching and counter-marching, has
so extended their vision and unsettled their plans
and habits, that the returned soldier, then a citi-
zen, will be among the first to move to the new
