1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
I.
$md unsettled regions of the West. And, sir, we
cannot do better for this citizen soldier than to give
him a homestead upon the soil he may have saved,
and protect him by the Government he has de-
fended; and settlements founded by these men,
who have had the discipline and devotion of sol-
diers, will be safe depositories of the institutions
of free government. The savage on the one side,
or the traitor on the other, will never invade his
quarters. So then I say that while we are pre-
paring for the exigencies of war, let us not forget
the condition of peace.
For my own part, I begin to see, at least, the
.beginning of the end. We have just passed the
anniversary of the President's first proclamation
for troops. He will never need to issue another.
The loyal heart of the nation is beating. The real
cause of the rebellion begins to be seen, and when
fairly discovered it will be struck; whether that
uplifted arm Which deals the blow be loyalist or
rebel, it matters not. Some threatening edifices
have crumbled of theirown weaknessand weight;
soma have melted away before the force of an in-
vading foe; but others, still, have stood in tower-
ing magnificence until swept away by the breath
of the Almighty.
Slavery has had its day and run its course. It
once triumphed in these Halls of legislation, in
the press of the country and in the literature, ay,
the religion of the land. But neither Congress,
the press, or the pulpit will ever como again to the
rescue of slavery. It must be buried in a dishon-
ored and hopeless grave. Let it go, " unwept,
unhonored, and unsung."
Between freedom and slavery there is now a
great gulf fixed; and while the one is ascending
in prosperity and triumph over the arch that
spans tile chasm that divides it from the other,
there will be written in dissolving views, "the
rebellion was the suicide of slavery !"
But freedom shall live, the blighter by contrast,
and flourish here as perpetual as the ages! Our
country is yet but in the infancy of its being, not
P' t three centuries old. And our settlements are
jut specks dotted round upon the edge of the
map of the continent. The great heart of Amer-
ica, wiih treasures as precious as the life-strings,
js yet unexplored, and almost unknown.
This bill, enacted into a law, shall give civiliza-
tion and life throughout the silentgorgos and gen-
tle sleeping valleys, faraway into tiiedeep recesses
of the continent. Wheie it leads the way, there
shall go in triumph the American standard, the old
flag of ihe Union. And when once thus planted,
it shall never again be trailed in the dust. The
proudest bird of the mountain is upon the Amer-
ican ensign, and not one feather shall fall from her
plumage here. She is American in design, and
an emblem of wildness and freedom. I say again
she has not perched herself upon American stand-
ards to die here. Our great western valleys were
never scooped outfor her burial place. Nor were
the everlasting, untrodden mountains piled for her
monument. Niagara shad not pour her endless
waters for her requiem; nor shall our ten thou-
sand livers weep to the ocean in eternal tears.
No, sir; no. Unnumbered voices shall come up
from river, plain, and mountain, echoing the songs
of our triumphant deliverance, while lights from a
thousand hill-tops will betoken the rising of the
sun of freedom, that shall grow brighter and
brighter until a perfect day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
consideration of this bill is set aside by the spe-
cial order of the day—the confiscation bill.
CONFISCATION 0F#PK0PI3RTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont moves an amendment to the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting a new and entire bill. To that amend-
ment the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] moves an amendment striking out the sixth
section of the proposed substitute, and inserting
new matter in us stead; and upon that question
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. HO WE addressed the Senate. [His speech
will be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, it is with great
reluctance that 1 propose making any remarks
upon the bill now before the Senate. I will not
say that I am as reluctant to speak as those who
are here may be to listen. Their reluctance to
hear may be greater than mine to speak; and I
should certainly remain silent but for the length-
ened discussion that we have had, during which
certain assertions have been made, opinions ex-
pressed, and principles advocated on which I feel
bound to make some comments before I give my
vote. In as brief terms as I can command, I will
address myself to the matter in hand withoutany
apology for so doing. It seems to me as much the
right of those who are postponed to a late period
of the debate to be heard, as it is of those who may
chance to get the ear of the Senate earlier in the
discussion; and those gentlemen especially who
have favored us with lengthened remarks from day
to day, ought not to be very impatient if one who
has hitherto said nothing says a few words now.
An indifferent spectator who had attended our
debates for days and Weeks past would, I think,
naturally have arrived at the conclusion that there
were two parties in the Senate upon this question,
and that the division was made on very strange
principles, the one of those parties made up of the
supporters and defenders of the Constitution of
the country, the other of those who love the coun-
try and who are prepared to defend it, to hold as
enemies and to do battle against all who are try-
ing to overthrow and destroy it; in other words,
that here was a strife between those who loved the
country and those who loved the Constitution,
between patriots and constitutionalists; a most
strange and unnatural antagonism, not merely
strange and unnatural, but an impossible antag-
onism, for no such antagonism can exist between
those who love our country and those who love
its Constitution. The man who loves our coun-
try must love its Constitution; the man who loves
our Constitution mustlovcthc country. The two
principles are inseparable. Where the one exists
in the heart the other is near to it, and bound to
it by a tie too strong for man to sever. They are
joined together by the Hand that made us, and
let us strive as we will, we cannot put them asun-
der. Away, then, with the idea which seems to
have been entertained here that we have one class
of Senators who are standing by the Constitution
and another class who are devoted to the country.
The men who are standing by the one are devoted
to the other, supporting and defending the other;
we cannot really sustain either alone. The Con-
stitution suicly would be worthless without the
country; the country would have no protection,
no shield, no salvation without the Constitution.
I say then, sir, that this antagonism is not only
strange and unnatural, it is an impossible antag-
onism.
My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
is a patriot; he loves his country; no man who
knows him doubts it; he loves it with all lus heart,
and he is ready to put his life in peril for it. My
honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
loves the Constitution of the countiy with all his
heart, and is ready to put his life in peril to sup-
port and defend it. But is not the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio just as ready to put his life in pet il
for the Constitution as the honorable Senator from
Vermont, and is not the Senator from Vermont
just as ready to put his life in peul for the country
as the Senator from Ohio? Surely there is no an-
tagonism between these Senators on this subject,
nor between those who represent these principles.
There is none, there can bo none. When there-
fore the honorable Senator from Ohio remarked,
as he did the other day, that he was a little tired
and a little restive under some intimations that he
or those who were voting with him might not be m
favor of supporting the Constitution, and repelled
with some indignation, not improperly, any such
idea, the Senator from Vermont might, had he
taken occasion to make the remark, with equal
propriety and justice have repelled any idea that
he was pot as strongly attached to the country and
as hostile to its enemies as the Senator from Ohio.
But, sir, I do not propose to pursue this thought;
I merely allude to it to show on what strange
grounds we have drifted in carrying on this dis-
cussion, for here we really seem to be divided by
this stiange line—a line which cannot be drawn.
We can as readily separate a man's personal iden-
tity as to separate those who love the Constitu-
tion from those who love the country.
There are various measures here before us.
There are four original bills, four substitutes for
those original bills, and five amendments to those
bills, or to the amendments of those bills, making
thirteen distinct propositions pending before the
Senate when they shall be severally in order.
Five of them have been printed and laid on our
tables to-day for the first time. Two only out of
the whole thirteen were ever investigated or exam-
ined by any committee of this body, leaving eleven
of the thirteen propositions here that have never
been examinpd by a committee, and five of them
never printed by order of the body until to-day.
Under these circumstances Senators ought not to
complain that any one who may deem it proper
to offer a few remarks, it having been determined
by the Senate that it was not best to refer this sub-
ject to a committee, but to discuss it here, should
occupy a few moments in discussing these several
propositions. I am not, however, sir, by any
means going to comment upon these several bills
to which I have alluded, being the bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] the bill of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] the
bill of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cowan,] and the bill of the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle.] The amendments are
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
,Collamer.] Then the amendments to amend-
ments arc those of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson,] the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] and the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle.] The immediate question be-
fore the Senate is upon the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, his amend-
ment being to the bill proposed by the Senator
from Illinois. I propose to compare together the
bill of the Senator from Illinois and the substitute
of the Senator from Vermont, with the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, as pro-
posed to the substitute of the Senator from Ver-
mont; and I assert in the outset that 1 make this
comparison with the design and desire of voting
for that measure which shall seem to be most effi-
cacious for putting down and crushing out this
rebellion. That is my honest purpose in com-
paring these two bills, with the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts annexed to them;
and when my judgment is satisfied which bill will
best effect that object, it is that bill to which I wish
to give my voice and my vote, because at this
time that is the object paramount to all others in
my mind.
Those who have attacked the bill of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois have found a great
deal in it which in my judgment never belonged to
it. It is natural perhaps for those who are op-
posed to a measure, to make it as odious as pos-
sible, and the opponents of this bill have repre-
sented it as one unworthy of the Senate, and which
ought not to be passed. I think many have for
this reason misunderstood this bill, and have im-
puted to it features and characteristics which
never belonged to it. The Senator from Illinois
himself hasrepliedto those charges with sufficient
point and clearness to leave me nothing to say on
that topic. While those who have attacked this
bill have thus endeavored to make it very obnox-
ious, while those who have defended it have en-
deavored to make it very harmless, those who
have proposed amendments to it have endeavored
to show that the amendments were not subject
to the objections made to the original bill, and were
still of sufficient force to accomplish all that the
original bill would accomplish. Then the oppo-
nents of those amendments, the advocates of the
original bill, have in turn undertaken to show
that the proposed amendments were nugatory and
worthless, when iney were arguing to the friends
of the original bill, and when arguing against the
amendments, to the friends of the amendments,
they have insisted that the amendments were more
obnoxious, had more harsh and repulsive features
than even the onginal bill.
1 he amendment of the Senator from Vermont
has been attacked and defended upon very much
the same principles as the original bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, on which I have commented.
