THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
pending resolution, that this man is not entitled to
his seat, does not say in his report or upon this
floor—he cannot, he dare not—that these votes
were notcast; but, with the ingenuity of a special
pleader, takes advantage, or seeks to take advant-
age, of forms, and that too, sir, when, at the re-
quest of this same committee, the House refused
to permit the sitting member to take further proof
after he had seen their report, and that they had
misconceived or misstated the force of his evi-
dence, and a wrong bearing was given to it.
The sitting member has produced the conduct-
ors of the election, who swear that the polls were
tfpened, and they claimed to produce a copy of the
goll-book, which shows that ten votes were cast
for Charles'I-I. Upton for member of Congress.
Those were the witnesses before them, and the
committee were the inquirers. They have re-
ported those facts, but they say that the proof
does not rise to the full formality that would be
required for the admissibility of testimony on the
part of this plaintiff or sitting member. They took
the affirmative. This copy of the poll-book is pro-
duced, and the officers are produced, who swear
that the polls were opened. Wo question is made
about the identity or the correctness of that poll-
• book. It is not said by the committee that it is not
a copy of a poll-book. It is not said that those votes
were not cast as represented; but it is said, to the
shame and confusion of the committee, I submit,
in view of their solemn duties, that this plaintiff
has not yet produced the full measure of proof that
the votes were cast. There is not a man living,
who will read that report, who will not come to
the conclusion, unshaken by the presence of a
doubt, that these votes were so cast as claimed.
Bat these gentlemen, not quite content with the
resolution which they have, reported to us, have
added asortof drizzling after-birth. They query,
even if the ten votes were given, whether the pau-
city of votes would not defeat the election, but do
not claim that it would. They say that it was not
generally known in the district that Charles H.
Upton was a candidate for Congress on that oc-
casion. Admit that it was not. In Virginia a
plurality elects. Supposing you had a thousand
candidates, and that nine hundred and ninety-nine
of them received ten votes each and the thousandth
received eleven, would the gentleman stand here
and contend that the man with the eleven votes
was not the regularly elected member of Congress,
even though it was not generally known that lie
was a candidate? To sustain the validity of.the
election supposed, is llieie any more force to be
given to the votes which were cast against the man
who received the eleven than there would have
been if they had been withheld ? Does voting
against a man contribute more to his election than
not voting at all ?
Mr. Speaker, I have said all I care to say. I
submit, in the first place, that by the record the
sitting member is entitled to his seat—conclusively
so. I say that lie is only to be excluded by a vote
expelling him, which requires two thirds of the
House. I say, beyond that, that theconclusion is
inevitable from the facts that he was legally and
constitutionally elected. I hope, therefore, that
the resolution reported by the committee will be
rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred m House bill No. 104, entitled "An act
fixingthe number of the House of Representatives
from and after the 3d of March, 1803," with an
amendment; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED ELECTION—-AGAIN.
_ Mr.FESSENDEISr. Mr. Speaker, the instruc-
tions of this House to its Committee of Elections
were,^ to inquire into the question of the eligi-
bility" of the honorable gentleman who claims to
be the Representative of the seventh congressional
district of the State of Virginia in the Thirty-
Jaeventh Congress," and the regularity of his elec-
tion. As to the eligibility, it is conceded by the
committee. The only question is as to its regu-
larity. And the conclusion to which the commit-
tee has arrived is—
" That the Incumbent 1ms produced no evidence which
either under tlie .Kuitutusof Virginia, or in accordance with
any pi ecedent known to tliem, would lie admitted as satis-
factory proof that any votes were legally east for tUia as 9
candidate for Representative to the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gi ess, either at the voting precinct at Ball's Cross Roads or
elsewiiere ill the seventh congressional district."
But the question at once presents itself, is it
necessary that this "evidence should be produced
before he can be entitled to a seat in this House ?
Are there no conditions which, having been fu 1-
filled, preclude the necessity theexistence of which
the committee has taken for granted, and on which
they have predicated the resolution under consid-
eration ?—the resolution that Charles H. Upton
is not entitled to a seat in this House as a Repre-
sentative of the seventh congressional district of
Virginia. Were any votes cast for the incumbent
as a candidate for Representative to the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, either at the voting precirictat
Ball's Cross Roads or elsewhere within the dis-
trict? Did he have a majority of all the actual
votes cast ?
Insubmittingforthe consideration of this House
the remarks which I may make on this case, I
propose these questions as pertinent to the issue.
That some votes were cast for the incumbentat
Ball's Cross Roads, I understand to he admitted;
that he had a majority of all the votes actually
cast, no one is disposed to doubt. We return then
to the first question, which is, in substance, as fol-
lows: is it necessary that the sittingmember should
produce satisfactory proof that any votes were legally
cast for him as a candidate before he can be enti-
tled to a seat in this House ?
Now this, T think, will be admitted: votes le-
gally cast for him must have been votes cast in
accordance with the laws of Virginia in such cases
made and provided. The laws of Virginia, in this
case, provide " lhat the county court shall bien-
nially appoint five freeholders commissioners of
election for each place of voting m the county, any
two of whom, together with another officer, called
the conductor, are authorized to hold the election.
After the polls arc closed, the correctness of the
poll-book is required to be certified by the com-
missioners and conductor. It is then made the
duty of these officers, within five days after the
commencement of the election, to report and de-
liver the poll-book so certified to the officer con-
ducting the election, at the court-house in the same
county. In the case of a congressional election,
these last-named officers in the several counties in
the district meet, can vass the poll-books, and make
out a certificate of the result, one of which is trans-
mitted to the Governor." It appears likewise that,
previous to opening the poll, the commissioners
and conductor must make oath that they will faith-
fully " execute the office" according to law.
If such be the election laws of Virginia, they
provide for some six 01- eight special acts 011 the
part of certain officers, either of which not being
performed, I do not see how a candidate could be
legally elected, notwithstanding he may have had
a majority of the votes, provided there is to be a
strict construction of the law. Suppose the State
of Virginia had been, as a State, on the 23d day
of_May last, as it was on the 23d day of May,
1858, all right as to the Union, and at peace, and
at the congressional election the provisions of the
law, in the seventh congressional district, were
not complied with; no sworn commissioners and
conductor held the election; no poll-book was cer-
tified by the proper officer, or, if otherwise in
these respects, these officers had no meeting to
canvass the poll-books and make out a certificate
of the result; or, having held a meeting for this
purpose, they failed to transmit a copy of their
certificate to the Governor, what then? Why, it
is perfectly obvious that, according to a sti ict con-
struction of the law, the election would have been
null and void. Or will it be said this or that pro-
vision of the law is not material to render the elec-
tion valid ? There may have been no conformity
with some particular requisition of the law, and
still, in fact, one of the candidates was elected.
But if you are at liberty, under some circum-
stances, to overrule one provision of the law and
declare the candidate to have been elected, not-
withstanding said provision was not complied
with, may you not, under some circumstances,
likewise overrule every provision of the election
laws of Virginia, and declare the candidate to have j
been elected, notwithstanding these laws wore dis- !
regarded ? i do not say that at the election in May !
last, by which the incumbent claims to hold his j
seat, there was non-compliance with all or any of !
the election laws of the State of Virginia. But j
suppose there was: is this a valid reason for his
ejectment? This is the question.
It is well said, that " reason is the soul of the
law, and when the reason of any particular law-
ceases, so doesthe law itself." When the con-
gressional election of which we are speaking took
place, where was the soul of the law by which
certain officers in the several counties, or in any
county in the seventh congressional district of
Virginia, were required to meet, canvass the poll-
books, make out a certificate of the result, and
transmit it to the Governor of the State ? It had
become defunct. Ithad been carried off viet armis
by the disloyal Governor of Virginia, his sheriffs,
and conductors, and its very life taken from it.
There was no more occasion or use for any of
these officers to meet, canvass the poll-books,
make out a certificate of the result, and transmit
it to theGovernor of Virginia, than there was for
tliem to meet and go through this form and trans-
mit a copy of their certificate to the Governor of
Maine. There was no Governor of Virginia to
receive their certificate, just as there was 110 Gov-
ernor of Maine who would receive it. There would
have been no reason for their so doing. The rea-
son for the act was gone; the soul of the law
was wanting; it had been divested of its spirit
and meaning. There was nothing left of it but the
letter, which was of no account.
But " no return was made of the election at
Ball's Cross Roads to the sheriff or conductor at
the court-house in Alexandria." The sheriff had
fled; he had no intention of being there to receive
the return. And suppose he had not fled, but
could have been found at the court-house on some
of the five days after the commencement of the
election, to receive the return of the commission-
ers: what reason would thpre have been in their
making the return to this disloyal sheriff for the
purpose of his sending " the certificate" to the
disloyal Governor? There were armed men at the
opening of the polls at Ball's Cross Roads on the
23d day of May, " in active rebellion;" the roads
were traveled daily by many violent secessionists.
Why should these commissioners persist in going
to the court-house to see a sheriff who was not
there, to afford him an opportunity of sending a
Certificate to a Governor who had no official ex-
istence—an opportunity which, if the Governor
had been officially alive, the sheriff would have
had no inclination to improve?
"But the result of the election"—
we read in the report of the committee—
" was in no manner ceitificd, authenticated, or proved by
the officers conducting the election at that precinct, or in
any other mode known to the law."
By the election laws of the State of Virginia,
" the officers" were to certify " the result of the
election " according to a certain prescribed mode.
Any other mode than that prescribed by the laws
would have been illegal. There is no evidence that
they did not so certify, other than that arising
from presumption, based on the fact that it was
quite, if not altogether, impossible for them to cer-
tify, or authenticate, or prove the result of the
election in accordance with the provision of the
law. The commissioners made oath "faithfully
to execute the office of commissioner." And it is
to be presumed that they did faithfully execute
the office to the best of their knowledge and abil-
ity. It is a sound law maxim, I believe, " that
all tilings are taken to be lawfully done until proof
is adduced to the contrary." Fraud shall never
be intended or presumed or adduced by the law,
unless it is expressly averred. If a faithful'exe-
cution of their trust required these commissioners
to certify to the correctness of the poll-book, and
to do certain other things as declarative of the re-
sult, who shall venture to assert that they were
not done, because no further evidence or proof
than the oath of the commissioners to do these
acts is adduced to show that they were performed?
Then, again, the result of the election is in a
"manner"certified,authenticated, and proved by
some of the officers conducting the election at that
precinct. It is truthfully certified; 110 one will
assert to the contrary.
Admit, for the sake of the argument, that the
result is not certified in any manner known to the
law, still, if we have the truth stated, we have the
substance, and something in the manner or mode
of stating the result which ought to be known to
the law, and held in great respect by lawyers as
it is. Why, Mr. Speaker, the wonder to me is,
