IB62.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2901
Federal system; that they are mere provinces; that
their citizens are subjects of one great, powerful,
consolidated Government, of which Abraham Lin-
coln is absolute sovereign and William H. Seward
prime minister.
The principles of these Constitution-destroyers,
however, are very flexible. They can resist and
advise resistance to the due execution of Federal
authority when attempted in their midst; they can
abet and countenance insurrection and treason in
Virginia, arm slaves for the murder of their mas-
ters, and impiously proclaim that the gallows u pon
which John Brown was hanged to be as glorious
as the cross upon which our Saviour died; but if
abolitionism is to be forced upon an unwilling peo-
ple, then passive obedience is the highest duty;
ani resistance to arbitrary power, even by one
who, by command of his State, is forced to resist
or die, the Federal authority not being capable of
shielding him from the consequences of disobedi-
ence, is treason, to be punished with death and
confiscation of estate. Sir, if Caleb Strong, Chris-
topher Gore, James Wilson, Governor Hunting-
ton,-Roger Sherman, and many of the political
fathers were alive to-day, they would be very for-
tunate, indeed, if they escaped a compulsory resi-
dence in Fort Warren. Says Caleb Strong:
" The State Legislatures are the guardians not only of in-
dividuals, but of the sovereignty o( their respective States."
Says Senator Gore:
"The Government of the United States can exercise no
powers not granted by the Coxibtitution; and so far as this
Government can support such as it claims, on this charter it
is sovereign. The government of each State is equally
sovereign with respect to every power of an independent
State which it has not delegated to the United States, or is
not prohibited to the several States by the Constitution."
Says Judge Wilson:
" On what pretense can it be alleged that it was designed
to annihilate the State governments? I will undertake to
prove that upon their existence depends the existence of the
Federal plan."
But why multiply authorities. The principles
already discussed, and authorities cited, convince
me of the truth of the following propositions:
The Government of the United States was made
by the people of the several States, acting in their
separate State capacity, and not by a majority of
the whole people of the United States, acting in
their collective capacity.
That the Government thus made is one of del-
egated limited powers, but that within the scope of
those powers it is supreme, and that allegiance is
due to it to thatextent by every citizen of the Uni-
ted States.
That the several States are equally sovereign
within the scope oftheir reserved or non-delegated
powers, and that to this extent allegiance is due
to them respectively by their citizens.
That we are in the midst of a great political rev-
olution in which eleven States are parties on one
sideand theFederalGovernmentpartyon theother
—those States confederating unwisely and wrong-
fully, as I believe, to withdraw themselves from
the Federal Union, and to permanently establish
one among themselves.
That the events developed by this revolution
have antagonized the double allegiance of the citi-
zens of the confederated States. That those States
having established a government de facto, and the
Federal authority having been so far in fact ousted
from those States that it cannot afford protection
to the citizen against the consequences of disobe-
dience to the commands of State authority, and
the State or confederation of States having the
power to punish him even with death for disobe-
dience, he is txcxtsed, in the language of Blackstone,
in obeying, and thereby incurs neither the penalty
of death nor confiscation of estate as a consequence
of the crime of treason against the United States.
If these principles, Mr. President, be correct,
and however unpopular they may be, and how-
ever much they may subject me to misrepresent-
ation and abuse by the ignorant, the thoughtless,
and the malicious, I honestly believe them to be,
there is an end to the bill under consideration.
Its only basis of support is gone. Treason is out
of the question. It is <{an act to confiscate the
property of rebels for the payment of the expenses
of the present rebellion, and for other purposes."
In other words it is an act for the punishment of
treason.
But there is another view to be taken of this
matter which presents the argument I am urging
in a still stronger light. While I admit the right
of this Government by force of arms to prevent
the secession of any of the States of the Union, I
deny that such right is derived from or granted by
the Constitution of the United States. I .believe
the doctrine o^Dliver Ellsworth to be true, that
" this ConstitMferjploes not attempt to coerce sov-
ereign States in Heir political capacity." This
right, if it exists, springs from the overruling ne-
cessity of self-preservation and the right which
one party to a contract, while fulfilling his own
obligations under it, has to compel a compliance
by the other party to it with his obligations. If
these reasons do not justify us, then we are with-
out excuse for all the blood we are now shedding.
Let those who deny the truth of this proposition
point to the article and section and clause in the
Constitution which give the power they claim.
Congress, it is true, has power "to provide for
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrection, and repel in vasion;"
but the action of a sovereign State is not an insur-
rection within the meaning of this provision. This
is clearly inferrable from the direct refusal of the
constitutional convention to give authority to the
Fe.deral Government to exercise its military power
to control the action of the State governments, and
also by the recorded opinions of its founders in
reference to the extent of authority granted to it.
Practically, however, it makes little difference
whether this power of coercion is of constitutional
origin, or whether it results from the principles
before stated so far as its direct consequences are
involved. But it makes an essential difference in
reference to the question we are considering. If
the possession of the Island of Cuba were neces-
sary to the safety and existence of this nation, we
should be fully justified by the law of nations in
seizing it at any hazard. War would be the ne-
cessary result; but even this, with all its conse-
quences, would be justified by the great right of
self-preservation. As far as the necessity of the
case should go her commerce might be destroyed,
herfields laid waste, her cities ruined, those of her
people who should meet us in arms would be
liable to be slaughtered, but never could they be
regarded or treated as rebels or traitors. The law
of necessity upon which our justification was
founded would impose no obligations upon them.
We might coerce them into submission, but we
could not regard them as having violated any
great moral or political duty. Their only crime
would have been the want of sufficient physical
strength to sustain themselves against our arms.
Whether a continuance of the war which we
are now waging, will be justifiable or otherwise,
will depend upon the purpose and object for which
it shall be waged. No one will contend, I pre-
sume, that it is necessary to the existence or in-
dependence of the adhering States, or of a com-
mon Government between them. The right,
therefore, to wage it is the same that one party to
a contract, fulfilling his own obligations under it,
has to a specific performance of it by another
party. The party asking for the specific perform-
ance must show his own compliance with its terms
and spirit. Showing this, he establishes his right
to a decree against a defaulting party. But the
complainant cannot have a decree for performance
on any other terms than those named in the ori-
ginal agreement. He cannot interpolate or take
from it. It must be performed in whole or not at
all. If you wage this war, therefore, for the res-
toration of the Union as it was and the Constitu-
tion as it is, observing your own obligations under
that instrument, and infringing no constitutional
right of others, you will, since the sword only
can decide, be justified, and the good and the pa-
triotic everywhere will invoke the blessings of
Heaven upon your efforts, and hold up yourhands
when they are feeble. But if, in waging it, you
mean to subvert the Constitution, which is the
only bond and obligation of union, if you mean
to destroy or impair the constitutional rights of
the States or the people, you wage it under a false
pretense and your war is murder and your suc-
cess treason.
If the principles for which I contend be correct,
it follows that the contcst in which we are in-
volved is war, civil war. * Sedition, insurrection,
rebellion, in the ordinary acceptation of those
terms, are out of the question. The rights and
duties of the parties to the controversy are to be
determined by the rules of modern civilized war-
fare. What those rules justify may andwhatthey
forbid may not be done. Those rules are to be
learned from institutional writers and the modern
practice of nations. The old rule of barbarism,
that a nation at war with another was at war with
cach and all its subjects, has passed away with
the ignorance and inhumanity in which it had its
origin. The modern rule and the modern practice
is, that private property is to be respected, and
that public property alone can be acquired by war.
On this principle we acted during the war with
Mexico. Robbery of private Mexican citizens
was punished, by our order, with death. Private
rights, of person and property, were sacredly re-
spected, and in this we but followed the example
of all modern civilized nations. Does the fact that
we#re now at war with our own kindred change
the rule or justify the visitation of punishment
upon them which we would not and which we
could not rightfully inflict upon a foreign people
under similar circumstances? Senators, I am afraid
that the existence of negro slavery in the southern
States makes all the difference, both in theory and
practice.
Mr. President, it is no use to attempt to disguise
the fact or conceal the truth in this case. Ostrich
like, you may stick your heads in the sand and
suppose you ai*c concealed. You delude your-
selves. Your purposes are known. Your motives
are understood. The present knows them, the
future will know them, and history will record
them. Did notslaverj^existin the southern States
you never would have thought of a confiscation
bill. You did not think of it in the war of 1812
with England. You did not think of it in the war
with Mexico. Why do you think of it now?
Your design is to make this a war for the aboli-
tion of slavery. You desire to destroy the domes-
tic institutions of the States. Abolitionism will be
satisfied with nothing less than universal emanci-
pation; and abolitionism would not prosecute this
war another day or another hour were it not for
the hope that these objects may be accomplished.
Abolitionism is speculating upon the patriotism
of the people. It shouts Union, while meaning,
if possible, to destroy the only bond of Union.
Could it be personified, clothcd in flesh, made
a living, sentient being, it could be indicted and
convicted as a common cheat, as an mt-idious,
dastardly traitor. Sir, I do not believe you could
this day pass through the two Houses of Congress
by a majority vote of the representatives of the
party in power a joint resolution in favor of the
Union as it was and the Constitution as k is. Ab-
olitionism demands universal emancipation or dis-
union. It is as much a foe to the constitutional
Union of the fathers as is secession. They are
twin spiritsof evil, allies in a common cause,and
as such deserve the execration of the patriotic
everywhere.
In such motives, Mr. President, I believe this
measure has its origin. It is a measure the prin-
ciples of which are condemned by modern writers
upon international law, and is wholly unknown
in the legislation of other nations in modern times.
Even in the case of conquests from foreign na-
tions, 110 general transmutation of title has oc-
curred since the time of William the Conqueror;
nor has private property, unless under peculiar
circumstances, been'interfered with by a conquer-
ing Power. The bill under consideration embraces
not only things corporeal, but stocks, credits, and
other effects of an incorporeal nature, and, as if
our stupidity and folly shall be evidenced in every
possible form and to all future generations, the
act declares that these shall be lawful subjects of
seizure and of prize and capture. A debt, a credit,
the subject of seizure, of/>rae,andof capture! Shy
you have provided this session that the acts of
Congress shall notin future be engrossed on parch-
ment. It is well. Let those of this session be
traced in.sand, or written in water that our chil-
dren may not blush at the ignorance of their
fathers. There is not a single modern publicist
that would not pronounce the attempt to confis-
cate choses in action as contrary to the law of na-
tions; and there is not, as I believe, a single insti-
tutional writer of any country who would justify
confiscation at the end ofacivil war. When Alex-
ander, by conquest, became absolute master of
Thebes, Ire remitted to theThessaiians a hundred
talents, which they owed to the Thebans, and
this is the origin of this whole doctrine of confis-
cation. To this origin Vattel traces it. The doc-
trine is worthy of its origin. Puffendorf lays
