1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
when I consider the circumstances in which these j
commissioners were placed, not that they failed >
to certify, authenticate, and prove the result of
the election in a mode known to the law, but that
they certified, authenticated, and proved the result
in any manner or mode whatever.
• There they were—the Governor of Virginia in
open rebellion against the United States; the sher-
iffs and conductors in rebellion; not a few of the
people in rebellion; angry discussion in almost
every house; armed men walking about avowing
their secession doctrines, and ready to assault any
loyal man who objected to them; all excitement;
all anxiety; and no man feeling that there was
any security left for himself, his family, or his
property; it is wonderful if the commissioners
were so calm, so collected amidst this storm of
passion, as to so much as think of certifying to
a return of the clcction; more wonderful still had
they been so cool as to make it in accordance
"with laws which," as they were-counseled,
(t had ceased to be the laws of the State," " and
that to observe these laws would be highly illegal
and improper."
Do you ask the incumbent to produce " satis-
factory proof" that he was elected Representative
to the Thirty-Seventh Congress in the seventh
congiessional district of Virginia, and say to him
that the only proof that can be so regarded is that
which will show that he has been legally elected,
and you mean by " legally," in accordance with
the election laws of that State in 1858? You re-
quire of him that which he cannot do. The law
does not seek to compel a man to do that which
he cannot possibly perform. Says Sir W. Scott:
"The law itself, and the administration of it, must yield
to tUat to which everything must bend—to necessity; the
!<iw, in its tuoH positive and peremptory injunctions, is un-
derstood to disclaim, as it does in its geneial aphorisms, all
intent ion of compelling to impossibilities, and the adminis-
tration of laws must adopt that general exception m the
contidei ation of all particular cases.
[n the pcrfoi mance of that duty, it has three points to
which its attention mu&t be directed.
" In the fir«t place, it limit bee that the natuic of the ne-
cessity pleaded be such a-> the law itself would lespeet, for
theie may be a necessity which it would not—a necessity
created by a man's own act, with a fair previous knowledge
of the consequcnces that would follow, and undet cneum-
stances which he had then a power of controlling, is of that
nature.
"Secondly, that the paity who was so placed u«ed all
practicable endeavois to surmount tiie difficulties which
already fanned that necessity, and which, on fair trial, he
found insurmountable. I do not mean all the eudcavois
which Ihe wit of man, as it exists in the acutost understand-
ing, might suggest,hut such as may treasonably be expected
from a tan degree of discretion and an ordmaiy knowledge
Of bUMllP*!>.
" Thirdly,'that all this «hail appear, by distinct and un-
su-pocted testimony; for the positive injunction of the law,
if pioved to he violated, can give way to nothing but the
clcaic-t pioof of the necessity that compelled the violation.
u It is, then, a geneial rule winch admits ot ample piac-
tical illustiation, that uapotcntia cxcusat legem, wheie the
law creates a duty or chaigo, and the party is disabled to
perform it, without any default in hnn, and lias no remedy
ovct—theie the law will m general excuse hnn."
In the matter of the cloction in the seventh con-
gressional district of the State of Virginia, on the
23d day of May last, the law created a certain
duty which commissioners, conductors,and sher-
iffs were unable wholly to perform. They were
disenabled, withoutany default m them, and have
no remedy over; and here the law should excuse
them. The nature of the necessity which was
laid upon them, their unavailing practicable en-
deavors to surmount the difficulties which formed
that necessity, and this having been made to ap-
pear by distinct and unsuspected testimony, is
sufficient to render them justified m the eye of the
law for not having complied with its provisions.
By reason of their failure to do that which they
could not possibly perform, it is that the incum-
bent has failed—if he to failed—to do that which
lie could not possibly perform. I beg to quote
again the language of the eminent jurist, and to
say that here we have a case—if there ever was
such a ease—to which the principle is applicable,
and to which justice in the case requires that it
be applied:
" The law itself, and the administration ofit, must yield to
that to which everything must bend—to necessity; the law,
m its most positive and peicmptoiy miunction*, is urtdei-
stood to disclaim, a* it does in its geneial aphorisms, all
intention of compelling to impossibilities, and the admin-
istration of laws must adopt that geneial exception in the
consideration of all particular etiscs>."
The Constitution provides that—
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own meinbus."
It is as judges, it is in a judicial capacity, we
are here to decide, this case. It is a well-known
judicial maxim, that " it is the duty of a judge,
when requisite, to extend the limits of his juris-
diction." Broom says:
" The maxim of the English law is to amplify its reme-
dies, and, without usurping jurisdiction, to apply its rules
to the advancement of substantial justice; and accordingly,
the principle upon which our courts of law act is to enforce
the performance of contracts not injurious to society, and
to administer justice to a party who can make that justice
appear by enlarging the legal remedy, if necessary, in order
to attain the justice of the case; for the common law of
the laud is the birthright of the subject, and bonus judex
secundum acquum et bonumjudicat, et acquitatem stricto juri
;pracfcrt
Lord Hobart observes:
" T commend the judge who seems fine and ingenious,
so it tend to right and equity; and I condemn them who,
either out of pleasure to show a subtle wit will destroy, or
out of incunousness or neghgencc will not labor to support
the act of the paity by the ait or act of the law.5'
Now, is it not our duty in this case to enlarge
the legal remedy in order to the advancement of
substantial justice, and to administer justice to a
party who makes that justice to appear, to the
end that the justice of the case may be attained?
Not long since I listened to the honorable gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Diyen.] He said:
"I desire, however, to diawa distinction between re-
bellious Stales and rebellious people, and to draw a distinc-
tion between a civil and a foreign war. In a foreign war,
all the citizens of the State with which we are at war are
our common enemies—no matter whether they are engaged
in the conflict or not. But, sir, m civil wai, none aie our
enemies but the persons who voluntarily embaik in the war;
and the uiles and usages of war cannot apply to any other
of the citizens than those who are actually engaged in it.
Even those who may be forced into a position by the rebel
power aie just as much entitled to our piotcction, although
they may have their domicile in South Carolina, as though
theii domicile may be in Connecticut. All laws applicable
to the piotection of the piopeity and persons of citizcns of
the United States, extend all over the United States. It
makes no soit of difieienee whoie the citizen may dwell,
he can say,< I am a citizen of the United State*, and I ap-
peal to the protection of oui Constitution and our laws.5"
While he enforced the rights of a citizen of the
United States under the Constitution, and while
lie made some* statements, advanced some uows,
to which I couhl not assent, he did state a prop-
osition to which 1 would call your attention in
this connection as coming within the scope of my
argument.
Mr. Speaker, the question I have to ask is, if
even those who may be forced into a hostile posi-
tion by the rebel power are just as much entitled
to our protection, although they may have their
domicile in South Carolina, as though their domi-
cile may he in Connecticut; if all laws applicable
to the protection of the property and persons of
citizens of the United States extend all over the
United States; if it makes no sort of difference
where the citizen may dwell, he can say, I am a
citizen of the United States, and I appeal to the
protection of our Constitution and our laws—if
this bo true with respect to those who may be
forced into a hostile position by the rebel power,
how much more is it true in regard to those who
loyally and heroically stand out against the rebel
power,and boldly assertand maintain their rights?
So stood forth the honorable gentleman from the
seventh congressional district of Virginia on the
23d of May last, and the few noble men who,
with their lives in their hands, went to the polls on
that day and deposited their votes, or demanded
their right to do so, for a Representative to the
Thirty-Seventh Congress.
The honorable gentleman did not seek to be the
candidate. He earnestly entreated other gentle-
men to suffer themselves to do so good a work for
a periled State and nation. But no; as the con-
vention of Virginia had, by ordinance, declared
that no election for members of Congress should
be held in the State, these gentlemen regarded it
" as highly illegal and improper,"atleast very in-
expedient, for either of them to think of being a
candidate. And they were neither candidates nor
voters on that day. They left the incumbent to
do as best he could for his State and country with-
out their assistance. They left the brave men and
true patriots,few as they were in number, to breast
the storm alone, and be shipwrecked by it for all
that they cared. And now they come into this
Congress to-day to take advantage of their own
wrong, and disloyalty it may be, and to deprive
the incumbent and his constituents of the justice
which is their due;.to deprive them of their right
to bo represented on this floor. They claim—the
constituents of the incumbent who vdted for him
and those who would have voted for him—thatthey.
conformed to the election laws of Virginia as far
forth as they were permitted and were able to do so.
They claim that tiie honorable gentleman is the
man of their choice, the man who stood,by them#
his State, and the nation,"when others fled*, risked
his all and cared not what would be the conse-
quences if he could only do them, Virginia and
the United States, theservice which he wouldhave
been a coward and a traitor had he not then ren-,
dered. . " . - .
Shame on the poltroons who, having mustered
courage enough under the protection of three or
four hundred thousand muskets to hold an elec-
tion for member to Congress in the seventh dis-
trict, now come into this House and ask that the
incumbent be ejected to give place to the man who
would take it from him; and that the few voters,
who well deserve what they ask, should be un-
heeded, to gratify the many voters if you please,
who do not deserve to have their request; for they
are here with the everlasting disgrace upon them
of having failed to show their loyalty when their
State and country stood most in need of it. The
law and equity and the Constitution regard those
only who watch, and not those who sleep. They
are for the protection of those who take due care
of their rights; who make it to appear that they
set a proper value upon them.
I have no hesitation in saying that to my mind
here is a case in which we have a right to enlarge
the legal remedy, in which it is our duty to do so.
Substantial justice will be done by our so doing;
and, to my view, substantial injustice, if we take
a different course. The justice of the case is far,
very far from being attained, if we say to the in-
cumbent and his constituents: although yon are
citizens of the United States, you appeal in vain
to the protection of our Constitution and our laws
in a matter so vital to your interests as is that of
being represented on the floor of this House in a
day when, if ever, you need as loyal citizens all
the encouragement and protection which you can
derive from this regard for your rights.
But it is obtaining a seat in Congress at too cheap
a rate, it has been alleged, to permit a gentleman
to take a seat here, backed by so few votes. Sir,
it is no mean price which this man or any of the
honorable gentlemen ofthis Congress from the bor-
der States have paid for the high honor, whether
the votes by which they were elected were many
or few. Proscribed and hunted and robbed ana
peeled by rebels on their track—bjr rpbels who
will hang them to the nearest tree, if perchanee
they can lay hold of them, which God forbid—
this is the price these gentlemen pay; this is the
price the honorable gentleman from the seventh
district bus paid in part, and he may yet have to
pay it in whole.
X have thus, as briefly as I could, endeavored
to set forth the principles by which I shall be gov-
erned in the vote which T shall give. But I have
another word to add to those which 1 have already
spoken, before I take my scat. I have a right to
speak of the honorable gentleman as well as of his
case. If an acquaintance, early ripened into close
friendship, which had its commencement nearly
thirty years since, under the smile of our alma
mater, and has been perpetuated during all this
period, to this dark day in our nation's existence,
when she needs and will have the undivided sup-
port of the true hearts and strong arms of all her
loyal sons, and when the taint of disloyalty^must
and ought to condemn any man to whom it justly
attaches to everlasting ignominy; if all this, and
conjoined with this, a vivid recollection of the fear-
ful night I passed under his hospitable roof, which
had so long ministered to the wants of our brave
olBcers and soldiers, to be succeeded by the more
fearful morning when he gathered around him his
family and was compelled to take a hasty depar-
ture and to abandon his all to the enemy, never
ao-ain to have his homestead restored to him; if
aU this does not give me a right to speak of him,
what can give me or any man this right? Not his
keen perception of the fitness of things, which fit-
ness of things he may be fearful I shall violate;
not his frown of displeasure shall deter me from
the excrcisc of this right. It is not his to dictate
to me to-day what I shall say of him, no more
than it is his to dictate my action on his case. I
have to say what, it is true, need not be said to
any man who knows him, or to any man who
