•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Hvcs to know him, that he is no suppliant for fa-
tor; he demands justice only of this House for
himself and his constituents. He would not take
as a favor, if he could have it, that which your
sense of justice would lead you to withhold. Be
thedecision of this House what it may, this is left
to him, and of it he cannot be divested; nothing
can make him swerve from his loyalty and the
path of duty for his country's good; nothing on
earth or m hell, nothing in heaven, would. His
only desire is to see the Constitution maintained,
the Union restored, as the result of victories which
our Army must and will achieve, and he cares not
to what use he or his may be put, if so be that he
renders some service towards accomplishing so
glorious an object.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. In view, Mr. Speaker, of
the importance of the principle which may be in-
volved in the question which is now before the
House for iis decision, 1 feel justified in claiming
the attention of the House for a few moments, to
present the views which I entertain, and the rea-
sons which will govern the vote whichl am soon
to give upon the matter now before the House.
ft seems to mo that the principle involved is one
of far more consequence than the case which wc
are called upon to decide. That principle is mag-
nified, in view of the present situation ofour pub-
lic affairs. Our army has recently marched down
into Tennessee, and taken possession of a large
portion of that State. It is already marching, I
suppose, into Virginia. It has passed through
Kentucky, and I trusty before long, it will have
passed over and subdued to the Constitution and
Union the people of all the States. Elections may
be had in the rear of that army, which may in-
volve the question this case presents, and which
elections will be presented to the consideration,
and for the decision of this House; and the man-
ner in which we may determine thisquestion now
may hereafter, to a considerable extent, control
the deliberations and action of this body. It is,
therefore, a question of very great magnitude,
whether an individual coming here, pretending to
be elected by ten or eleven votes,is entitled, under
the circumstances under which the incumbent
comes here, to occupy a scat upon the floor of this
House.
Now, sir, the question of the personal character
of the member from Virginia is not at all involved.
The saciifices which ho has made for the Govern-
ment by his loyally are not the grounds upon
which he bases his claims to a seat heie. I ap-
preciate, f trust, as 1 ought, those sacrifices, in
the hour oj* his trial he had my warmest sympa-
thy; but when he comes here and asks for a seat
in this House, he must present a stronger claim
than that which he has presented to entitle him to
my vote in his favor. He must show that he has
been elected a Representative by the free voice of
the constituents whom he claims to represent, and
in accordance with the laws of the laud. This is
a judicial question, for there are no facts in con-
troversy here, so far as I know. At the very out-
set we are met by the suggestion of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Riddle,] that this question has
been heretofore passed upon and decidcd, and that
it is not now open. That was his suggestion, and
yet in the very next breath he tells us what broad
principles of construction we should apply to the
consideration and decision of this question; that
we should even, in order to get at the truth and
the right, break through a whole volume of stat-
utes, if need be, and at every hazard and in all
events we should reach the goal at which wc are
aiming.
Mr. RIDDLE. The gentleman is too good a
lawyer to confound the court with the laws which
it administered and the facts upon which it acted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I understood what I have
stated to be the fact, and then I understood him
toclaim that, from the mere technical fact that this
man had been sworn in, he was now entitled to
his seat, and that we could notgo behind that fact.
I am not very familiar with the proceedings of this
House. 1 am a new member here; but I did sup-
pose that in all cases of contested elections any
party having a prima facie title to a seat was
entitled to be sworn in, and the question of his
right was open to be inquired into afterwards;
that it was the constitutional right of the House
to investigate (he title of all its members to then-
places.
Mr. DAWES. Will the. iicutleniun allow me
to ask him to state to the House what was the
prima facie evidence of his title to a seat here?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 do not know.
Mr. DAWES. If tho gentleman will allow me
I will state it.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. The sitting member came here
without the certificate of the Governor, withouta
certificate of a justice of the.peace, and without
the certificate of any man touching his right to his
seat. He came here and induced the Clerk of the
House to put his name upon the list of members.
He was sworn in without so much as a vote of
the House upon the question. - That is the prima
facie case, and he had no other prima facie case.
It was the influence he exerted over the Clerk of
the House to induce him to put his name upon
the printed catalogue, 'which was made up before-
hand, which caused him to be sworn in here with-
out the slightestevidcncein the world, or any cer-
tificate of election, considered as such by any sort
of law.
Mr. RIDDLE. The gentleman will find, by
turning to the record, that the question was raised
as to the right of this very man, and the House
did vote upon it, and laid the matter upon the
table.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I presumethcsittmgmem-
bcr came here with a prima facic title, and, in the
judgment of the House, was entitled to be sworn
"in. I understand that the question before the
House was as to that prima facie evidence, and that
the House settled that question, whether right-
fully or wrongfully I do not propose to inquire.
But the question was merely upon the prima facie
evidence, leaving the right of the party to a seat
to be afterwards inquired into precisely as the
right of any other claimant to a seat is inquired
into and decided.
Mr. WORCESTER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a single question. I think the gentleman
from Rhode Island is mistaken as to one fact. I
know of no action of the House upon this ques-
tion. The records of tho House show no such
thing, and the sitting member was sworn in upon
the first day of the session, so far^is we have any
record evidence, in the same manner that other
members were, without any credentials ever hav-
ing been exhibited to the Clerk of the House or
brought before the committee.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I have no doubt of that,
but the want of action was in this ease equivalent
to action. He was admitted here by taking the
oath. But 1 do not caie about that for the pur-
pose of this argument. The person is here, and
his ease ought to be inquired into by the House
pioperly. It is not matei inl whether he camchrre
with or without a prima facie case; it is enough
that the House admitted him by taking the oath,
and the question is open and to he inquired into
and decidcd precisely as the case of any other
person whose seat is contested.
Now,thercare manyanalogies between the case
of Segar, which was passed upon the other day,
and the case now before the House. Last spring the
Governor and the State authorities of the State of
Virginia refused to execute the laws of the United
States. The people there met together and organ-
ized a new government. In other words, they
elected new officers for the purpose of executing
the laws according to the old constitution and car-
rying on the old government. They put a new
motor, so to speak, upon their legislative ma-
chinery to carry it into operation.
Now, that can hardly be said to be revolution-
ary in any sense. It is true, the officers whose
duty it was to administer the laws, lenised to ad-
ministerthem and to keep the government in oper-
ation, and that the people clected peisons from
their own number who would carry on the gov-
ernment. It was a necessity which was forced
upon them. They had no other alternative open
to them. They had to elect those officers or be
without a government. When they did that, so
| far as these officers had power, they executed the
j laws and constitution of Virginia as they existed
I at the time of the breaking out of the rebellion;
| and we have recognized that government. I think,
j rightfully, the present authorities are the same as
. the old, so far as we are concerned. Afterwards,
[ the convention of Virginia passed an ordinance
: appointing an election for Representatives at some
time in October; and at the extra session n-e r^c-
oi>ni£ed tilt; nglil cf eonvr'iilions t~j in
relation to the election of members of Congress.
I, sir, did not coincide in that decision, but we
must stop somewhere; and I trust I am obedient
enough to bow in submission to the decision of
this House on questions of that kind, though at
that time I did not assent to it. If that act of the
convention was a legislative act, it was inconsist-
ent with the existing law of Virginia, and it pro
tanto repealed that law. Now, though this man
was elected before the convention, and under the
old law, yet the notice of election under the statute,
and the notice under the ordinance, is precisely
the same.
We must establish some principle upon which
we are to justify to the American people our con-
duct in admitting members to participate inthe
deliberations of this House. 1 have examined
this question somewhat, and I have come to-the
conclusion that the only safe ground for us to act
upon is one that has its foundation in the usages
of our fathers and in the immutable principles
which lie at the foundation of the common law,
and at the foundation of all elective governments.
The district must be so situated that there can be
an election. An election implies a free choice;
the district must submit to the Constitution "and
laws, cither voluntarily or by force of our armies,
before they can be entitled to be represented here.
If we undertake to permit a representation of a
part of a district, what part are we to take? Can
any man who stands upon twelve inches square
of ground in the district, and who is, a loyal man,
and who says that he represents the district be
admitted? Or, if not twelve inches, how much?
You may say that it is hard upon the loyal men
of a district that they shall suffer in consequence
of the disloyalty of certain persons in that district,
but it is inseparable from all human institutions
and affairs that the innocent shall suffer with the
guilty. The innocent child suffers with the con-
victed father. The innocentkinsmun suffers with
the guiity kinsman. Under the old common law
the crimes of the individual, unless the hundred
purged itself, were visited upon the hundred. The
inhabitants were to maintain order within the
hundred and protect the rights of the people and
of the public; and if they did not, the crime was
upon the hundred. And it is not for us to say that
there was not some justice in it. In what part of
the district do the loyal people of the district re-
side? How arc we to decide that question? How
is it to be determined that there were not as loyal
people in other parts of the seventh district in Vir-
ginia as those ten that met at Ball's Cross Roads?
There arc as true and loyal men all through the
South to-day, whoarcoverborne in disloyal neigh-
boi hoods, as there are upon this floor or anywhere
in the country. There are to-day in the State of
South Carolina as true,and loyal men, and men
as devoted to the old Constitution and the old flag,
as there are anywhere in this country. These
men need our sympathy, and have th* same claim
upon our justice, as the men who held this in-
formal election at Ball's Cross Roads. But it is
impossible m human affairs to administer exact
justice. All human institutions, and all human
actions, partake of the imperfection incident to the
human character.
Now, it seems to me that the only principle
which we can adopt in regard to this matter is to
require that a whole district shall be subjected to
the law and the Constitution before it shall be en-
titled to be represented upon this floor. Policy
dictates it as well as right principle. We must
inspire the ambitious men in every district, if we
can, to assist in putting down this rebellion, to
assist with their friends, and thereby to make a
claim upon the loyalty of their districts to entitle
them to the consideration of being selected by th eir
loyal friends to represent them in the Congress
of tho nation. I say, then, that policy coincides
with what seems to me to be the justice of the
matter.
But, sir, it is said that Mr. Upton was elected
because some votes were cast for him upon the
day of the election; and this, though a very large
proportion of the electors of the district were either
engaged in rebellion or overawed by its rebellious
inhabitants. In the time of Edward I it was en-
acted that, "because elections ought to be free,
the king commanded!, upon great foi fciture, that
no man, by force of arms nor by malice or men-
acing, shall disturb ony to mak<- *Y<< lection."
JN«'W. Mc, if an election is not free, u is no elco-
