1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
on the ground of military necessity; it is not pre-
tended to be justified in the bill of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, unless the President shall
be of opinion that it will tend to suppress the re-
bellion. That is the ground on which he touches
the personal and real property of rebels, properly
so called.
When he comes to slaves, if the discretion of
the President does not apply to them, why does
it not apply ? Do we undertake to judge of a mil-
itary necessity in regard to slaves, and not judge
of a military necessity in regard to other prop-
erty? To be consistent, we should settle the ques-
tion of military necessity as well for the one as
for the other. I agree with the honorable Sena-
torfrom "Wisconsin [Mi'-Doolittle] on that sub-
ject, that to judge of a military necessity is not a
legislative prerogative, it is an executive prerog-
ative; but I think if we are not to decide the mil-
itary necessity as applied to lands, houses, and
other property, but to say in regard to them that
the President shall exercise his judgment and be
the judge of the necessity, there is the same rea-
son why he should be the judge in regard to the
necessity of taking slaves.
Then, Mr. President, as between the bill of the
Senator from Illinois and the substitute of the
Senator from Vermont on this subject of slaves,
there is no difference except that by the substi-
tute of the Senator from Vermont the President
is required to issue his proclamation fixing the
day when all those who own slaves, if they shall
continue in rebellion after the day so fixed, shall
lose their slaves and have them set free. These
arc the two points on which these two bills arc
important—the taking of real and personal prop-
erty generally, and the taking of slaves, not as
property, hut for purposes of humanity and jus-
tice, and, if you please, as a punishment to their
rebel owners. I repeat what I said earlier in my
remarks, that the bill of the Senator from Ver-
mont, it seems to me, is more effective, will ac-
complish more, is better adapted to the end than
the other bill, especially as it is now amended.
Thete is, however, one point of difference be-
tween these bills which is a difference of principle,
though I do not believe this difference affects the
practical result of either so far as tho Treasury of
the United States is concerned. The bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois contemplates such a state of
things as a sale of the real property of a rebel
seized by the President under the bill and disposed
of, and of course goes upon the ground that such
sale would pass an absolute title to the purchaser.
That necessarily involves the question whether wc
have the right to change the title of leal estate
belonging to a traitor or rebel so as to divest his
heirs of that property after his death. The bill of
the Senator from Illinois goes upon the ground
that we may do that. The bill of the Senator from
Vermont does not, at least by assertion, go upon
the ground that we can do it. The bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, however, does not by any
means impose upon the President the obligation
to sell this property,and therefore, as I said, this
question of principle does not affect the result of
the measure, in a pecuniary point of view, to the
Treasury; it simply touchcs the abstract question
of our right to affect tho property of a rebel be-
fond his life. I must confess, however anxious
am to punish rebels, that I do not believe under
the Constitution of the country we can affect the
title to the real estate of a man, however steeped
in rebellion, longer than his life. Wisely or un-
wisely as it may be, that power is I believe denied
to us by the Constitution.
On this poi/H the bills do not differ as I say,
practically, inasmuch as under the bill of the Sen-
ator from Illinois the President may hold this
property and occupy it from year to year, renting
it without selling it, just as he is required to do
in the bill of the Senator from Vermont. There
is no difference in the requirement; it is all left to
his judgment; and it being left to his judgment, I
have no doubt how he would decide It, because it
is perfectly apparent that it is a question which
would almost inevitably get before the judicial
tribunals. A question would be made which would
got to the Supreme Court of the United States,
involving the title to the property after the decease
of tho traitor or rebel; and if the Supreme Court
of the United States should hold that notwith-
standing this act of Congress, and this sale by the
President, the property after the death of the man
who owned it descended to his children, the pur-
chaser under the President would have no title. I
do not see how we by act of Congress could help
it. The Senator from New Hampshire not now
in his seat, [Mr. Hale,] I know has a remedy
for that by abolishing the Supreme Court, a fa-
vorite measure of his, but I apprehend that would
hardly be efficacious for this purpose.
In view of these facts I do not believe the Pres-
ident would undertake to sell the real estate of a
rebel which he might under the circumstances
seize, not perhaps for the reason that he would
have any doubt upon this subject—-for I know
nothing about that-—but because he would know
that it would affect the price of the property when
sold. It would be sold under a cloud. Very few
men would want to buy it, and buy as they would
know an interminable law-suit. They would not,
therefore, give the value of the property, nor any-
thing near it. Hence, the President, as a discreet
and prudent manager of this property, would feel
himself bound, as I believe, under the bill of the
Senator from Illinois, to hold it from year to year,
and collect the avails of it for the benefit of the
Treasury without a sale, because in that way he
could make it most available to the Government.
Therefore, I say, practically there is no differ-
ence in this respect between the operation of these
two bills; and inasmuch as the passing of one as-
serts a power in us which at all events is question-
able, and by very many most experienced and
judicious men in this Chamber is held not to be-
long to us, although it may be said that other men
of equal ability and equal learning contend that it
docs belong to us, it is better, it seems to me, to
avoid questions so situated, unless there are very
strong reasons for asserting and exercising the
power. There is no such motive at the present
time,so far,at least, as providing means for crush-
ing out the rebellion is concerned, for the property
can be made just as available without a sale as
with, and 1 think more available.
The amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, which is the diiect question pend-
ing, has been commented upon both by the Sen-
ator from Vermont and the Senator from Wiscon-
sin in such manner as satisfies my mind entirely,
without detaining the Senate on that proposition.
On the whole, then, comparing together the
confiscation bill proper, the bill of the Senator
from Illinois, Senate bill No. 151, with the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont,
without the adoption of the amendment to that
amendmentproposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, it seems to me that the substitute will
be more valuable to attain the end which we all
have in view than the original bill. It strikes
more fully and more faiily upon those engaged in
the rebellion. It takes everything which the ori-
ginal bill takes, and more. It disposes of it m
such a manner as to make it fully as available.
It leaves nothing undone which the original bill
proposes to do, and it does that which it proposes
to do more effectually, more positively, more
surely, than the original bill.
Under these circumstances, taking, as I avowed
in the outset, that rule as my guide in regard to
these bills, to support that which was most effect-
ive, I prefer to vote for the amendment rather
than the original bill, not because it is temporizing,
not because it postpones all action until after this
rebellion is ended, not bccause it is a bill imposing
penalties on traitors when the rebellion is over,
but because it goes into the field with as sharp, as
long, and as penetrating a sword, and strikes at
the vitals of this rebellion as deadly a blow as any
bill before the Senate, except the bill of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
which is, I agree, more sweeping than any one,
much more. The difference, however, between
his bill and this is that he confiscates all property,
real and personal, and slaves of rebels, not to the
Treasury of the United States, but for the benefit
of those who may suffer from the rebellion, or
who may have borne arms to quell it, a proposi-
tion not unworthy of consideration by any means;
but I will not discuss it. His bill does not pro-
pose to free the slaves.
Aside from that bill, which I agree is more
sweeping than cither of these, as between the two
before the Senate, I think the bill of the Senator
from Vermont is, as I have said, the most effect-
ive, and I shall therefore give it my vote.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
'Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator will withdraw that motion, I wish to give
notice that I shall move an amendment to the bill,
which I desire to have printed.
Mr. CLARK. Very well.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I submit
my amendment, and move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
New Hampshire'tro allow me to move an execu-
tive session. I desire an executive session merely
to make a motion to reconsider a vote.
Mr. CLARK. I shall make no objection.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Mmj 5, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
r CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness to be the call of the States and Territories for
bills on leave, beginning with the Territory of
Dakotah.
BREECH-LOADING CANNON.
Mr. WATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill to provide for testing breech-loading
cannon; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
KANSAS DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution in reference to the claims
for losses and depredations sustained by the peo-
ple of Kansas; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to have the Army
appropriation bill made a special order for Wed-
nesday next.
It was so ordered.
PUNISHMENT FOR TREASON.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill for the punish-
ment of treason, and for the more effectual sup-
pression of rebellion; which was read a first and
second time, inferred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
RUFUS L. IIARYEY.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
granting a pension to Rufus L. rlarvcy was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was entered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 177) for the relief of Sylvester Crooks; when
the Speaker signed the same.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States for resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope my colleague will
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes.
ACCOUNTS OV STATES.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union from
the further consideration of a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes, "approved August5,1861,and
that the same be put upon its passage.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. It extends to the 30th of
July next the time for filing with the proper offi-
cer the accounts of States against the General
Government for expenses incurred in enrolling,
