1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
equipping, and transporting troops, and allows
the amount of such accounts to be set off against
the taxes to be paid by such States, with an
abatement of fifteen per cent.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I wish to call up the election case of the
State of California.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of privi-
lege during the pendency of the motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to give way to me for this purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have been very liberal
in giving way to gentlemen on all sides of the
House. I hope the House will now dispose of
this Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DAWES. There cannot be anything quite
so interesting to members, I think, as their right
to seats.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Members are all satisfied
with their seats. I insist on my motion to sus-
pend the rules.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 56, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, At nold, A?hley, Beaman, Bid-
die, Bingham, Blake. Campbell, Chamberhn, Clark,
Cutler, Davis, Dunlap, Edgerton,English,Fenton, Fessen-
den, Fianehot, Granger, Guiley, Hall, Hauling, llorton,
UiuMnns, Julian, Fra-ici* \V. Kellogg, William Kelln<j> ,
Lehman, Mooihead, An^on P. Motiill. Justin S Momll,
Noeil, Norton, Pattmi, Timothy G. Phejp^, Porter, Puce,
Jliehardson, Riddle, Edvvaid ii. Uollms Saigent. Shanks,
SlK'Ilab.uger. Shiel, John II. Steele, Steven■>, Ti .mhle,
Va!!andigham, Van Valkonbitigh, Venee, Wallace, Ward,
Wheeler, Wilson, IViudom, and Worcester—56.
NAYS—Me&sb. Allen, Ancona, Jo&eph Baily, Bakei,
Jacob B. Blair, Bufiinton, Calvert, Clements,Coltax, Fied-
enek A. Conkling. Ro&coe Conkling, Cox, Cravens, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Eliot, Gooch, Grider, Banohett, Har-
rison, Holman, Johnson, Knapp, Loomi-s, Lovejoy, Mc-
Pherson, Mallory, Mayuard, Menzies, Moms, Nixoii, No-
ble. Pike, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Robinson,
Sheffield, William G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Voorhees, Wad-worth, Chailos* W. Walton, Washbutne,
Wiekhffe, and Woodiuff—49.
So the rules were suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Walton, of Ver-
mont, was detained from the House by illness.
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Potter had
been called from the city on important public busi-
ness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The House, accotdingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Crisfield in the chair,) and resumed, as a
special order, the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 364) to aid in constructing a railroad and tele-
graph hue from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, with
a view to moving that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed till the second Monday in
December next, I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend that motion
by adding to it the words, " and report the bill
to the House."
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not amend-
able.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise for inform-
ation. I propound to the Chair this question: if
the committee rises without reporting the bill, will
a motion be then in order in the House to post-
pone it ?
The CHAIRMAN. That will be a question
for the House to decide.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Such a motion
would leave the lull ni committee, and the motion
to postpone would not be in order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with a view of testing the sense of the House on
the motion to postpone.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his motion that the committee rise?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I do not. On the con-
trary, I move that the committee rise and report
the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in order
while there is an amendment pending.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I move that
the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Colfax, and
Phelps of California, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 61.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to make the sev-
enth section conform to the amendments already
agreed to, I offer the following amendment:
Strike out the words " western boundary of Kansas to the
eastern," and insert in lieu thereof the words « one hun-
dred and second meridian of longitude aforesaid to the
western; " so that it will read:
And shall complete said raihoad and telegraph from the
one hundred and second meridian of longitude aforesaid to
the western boundary of Nevada Territory before the 1st
day of July, 1874.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the seventh
section by adding at the end of it as follows:
Provided, That in fixing the point of connection of the
mam track with the eastern connections it shall be fixed
at the most practicable pomf for the conduction of the
Iowa and Missouri branches, as hereinafter provided.
I will state that the amendment I have now pro-
posed has been submitted to the chairman of the
committeeon the Pacific railroad,and to the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] and that it has
their concurrence. So far as I am aware there is
no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the eighth
section, in the second line, by striking out after
the word " commence," in the sccond line, the
words et on the western boundary of Kansas or."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend in line
nine—before the word" boundary" strike out the
word if eastern " and insert the word " western,"
so that it will read, " to the western boundary of
the Territory of Nevada."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend in line ten,
by striking out after the word " the" the words
"Nevada railroad line across the Territory of
Nevada," and to iusertin place thereof the words,
"line of the Central Pacific Railroad Company
of California."
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as amended, would then read as
follows:
Sec. 8. Jhid he itfuithcr enacted, That the line of said
raihoad and telegraph-hall commence at the one hundred
and second paiallel of longitude west trorn Greenwich, at
the termination ol the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and West-
ern laihoad and telegraph line, as herein provided, to meet
and connect therewith as herein provided ; thence running
westeily upon the mo>i dstect, eential, and practicable
route, through the TeinUmes of the United States, to the
western boundary of the Tei ritory of Nevada, there to meet
and connect with the line of the Central Pacific laiiroad of
California.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend the ninth
section by inserting m the forty-ninth line, after
the word " California," as follows:
And any companies organized or to be oiganized under
the laws of the State of Minnesota, or Territories of Dako-
ta or SVehra^ica. are heieby authonzed to construct a rad-
road and telegraph line upon the^ame terms and conditions
in all respect* as are contained in this act for the construc-
tion of said lathoad and telegraph line firM mentioned, from
St. Paul, Minnesota, wetteily to the " Union Pacific rail -
road,'" east of the one bundled and sixth meridian of longi-
tude west from Gieemvieh.
Mr. STEVENS. That is inaugurating another
very long railroad. They have already a con-
nection with an Iowa road provided for in the bill,
to meet the main line somewhere 111 Nebraska
Territory. Now, if there are friends enough of
this bill who desire sincerely to accomplish its
passage, they must not clog it or load it with any
further incumbrances. I should be very glad to
see roads made at the proper time from anywhere
in the gentleman's district to anywhere he may
desire them to connect, but I think an amend-
ment at this time, such as that now offered by the
gentleman from Minnesota, would so load the bill ,
as to put it beyond the power of the friends of the I
bill to pass it. If we are to pass it, the road should
have as few branches as will accommodate the
general trade of the central route. At present, I
think we are not prepared to go any further, and
I hope the gentleman, who I know is a friend of
this bill, will not insist upon his amendment.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 propose to say a single
word in reply to my friend from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. Na debate is in order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to say but a single
word with the consent of the committee. I say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that there is no
provision made in the bill by which a connection
can be made from my own section of the country
to the main trunk of the road.
Mr. STEVENS. I said a connection with an
Iowa railroad.
Mr. ALDRICH. I understood the gentleman
to say Nebraska Territory.
Mr. STEVENS. I said the Iowa road was to
connect with the main line somewhere in Ne-
braska Territory.
Mr. ALDRICH. There is no provision in the
bill for any connection with the section of coun-
try from which I come. I hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to perfect section
nine, and make it conform with the amendments
which the committee have already adopted, I m©ve
to amend in line five, by striking out after the
word " to," the words " the western boundary
of Kansas or to,5' so as to make it read, " from
the Missouri river at Kansas City to the one hun-
dred and second meridian of longitude from Green*
wich."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the same
section in line seven, by inserting after the word
" Greenwich" the words " as herein provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the same
section in line ten, by striking out the words
" upon the western boundary of Kansas or."
Mr. BINGIIAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from California if this retains the road
within the limits of the boundaries of the State
of Kansas?
Mr. SARGENT. It makes it harmonious
throughout.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I propose to strike out in
lines fifteen and sixteen of the ninth section the
words, " western boundary of Kansas," and in-
sert in place thereof the words, " meridian of lon-
gitude aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the same
section further, by striking out in the nineteenth
line the words, " the western limits of the State
br
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend, in the
twenty-sixth line, by striking out the words " Sec-
retary of War," and inserting the word <{ Presi-
dent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out of the
ninth section, after the word " act,"in the thirty-
first line, to and including the word " Nevada,"
in the thirty-ninth line, as follows:
And the NevadaRailroad Company, a corporation created
hy the enactment of the Territorial Legislature ofNevada,
are hereby authorized to construct a railroad and telegraph
line, in conformity with their charter, across said Terri-
tory, upon the same terms and conditions, in all respects,
as are piovided in this act for the construction of the rail-
road and telegraph line fir^t mentioned, and to meet and
connect with the sameon the eastern boundary of Nevada.
The object of this amendment is to provide that
there shall be in all the Territories but one rail-
road company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move, in line forty-seven,
to strike out the word " last" and insert u first."
The last company named in the act was the Ne-
vada Company, which we have stricken out. The
word " first" should therefore be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the section
further by striking out the word " or" where it
occurs in the twenty-fourth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
