1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend the section
by striking out all after the word "act" in the
fifty-first line to the end of the section,as follows:
Provided, That any companies lie eaftcrtobe organized
by law by the States of Oregon and t>a!ifoima fortiiat pur-
pose, arc hereby authorized to contwruct within the limns
of their respective States a branch ailroad and telegraph
line or*the s-aid Central Pacific railroad and telegraph,con-
necting therewith at a point at or near Sacramento City,
and extending thence, by the way of llogue river and Urap-
quaand Willamette valleys, to or near Portland, in Oregon,
by the most direct and practicable route, upon the same
conditions and terms as are prescribed in this aet for the
coubtiuetlon of said Central Pacific railroad and telegraph :
Provided, That not more than eight thousand dollars per
mile shall be granted for the construction ofsaid branch.
This proviso is one simply authorizing the con-
struction of the Oregon branch of the road to Sac-
ramento City. This road I shall be glad to see
constructed at some subsequent time, but I do not
think we are prepared to build it now.
Tiie section, as amended, would then read as
follows:
Sec.9. Andheit further enucted, That the Leavenworth,
Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company, of Kansas, are
hereby authorized to construct a railroad and telegiaph line,
in conformity with their chartcr ironi said State, from the
Mi^ouri river, at Kansas City, to the one hundred and sec-
ond meridian of longitude west from Greenwich, as herein
provided, upon the same terms and conditions in all re-
spects as are provided in this, act for the construction of the
railroad and telegraph line first mentioned, and to meet and
connect with the same at the meridian of longitude afore-
said; and iu ease the general route or line ot road from the
Missouri river to the itocky mountains should bo so located
as to requne a departure northwaidly fiom the proposed
line of said Kansas railroad before it icaches the meridian
of longitude aforesaid, the location of s.ud Kansas, road
s«hall be made so as to conlottn thereto ; and '•aid railroad
through K.in-as shall he so located between Kansas City and
the one handled and M-cond meudi.in ot longitude, that the
several raihoads from St. Joseph and Iowa, herein authoi-
ized to connect with the >aine, can make the connection
within the limits prescribed m this act, without deviating
from the genetal direction of the whole line to the Pacific
coa^t. The route in Kansas to the one hundred and second
meridian of longitude to be subject to the appioval of the
Secretary of War of the United States. And said Kansas
company may proceed to build >-aid r.uhoad to the one hun-
dred and second meridian of longitude west fiom Gieen-
wich, npon such general route adopted, through any terri-
tory on which snd general location may he made, under the
condition* named in thn act. The Central Pacific Railroad
Company of California, a corporation existing under the
laws of the State o( Calil'oi ma, arc hereby amhoi ized to con-
tract a ladroad and telegraph line fiom the Pacific coast,
at or near San Fianciseo, or the navigable waters of the
Saciainento rivet, to the eastern boundary of California,
upon the same terms and conditions, in all respect*, as are
contained in thus act for the construction of said lailroad
and telegiaph line lii*t mentioned, and to meet and con-
nect with the fust mentioned rathoad and telegiaph line on
the eu.-tein boundary of California. Each of said compa-
nies shall tile then acceptance of th« conditions of this act
in the Uepaitment oi the Interior within six months after
tin- parage ot this act.
Mr. SHIEL. Any one,Mr. Chairman, look-
ing at the geography of the Pacific coast, must dis-
cover that the terminus of Sacramento City or San
Francisco is not the proper terminus for the main
trunk of a railroad to the Pacific. We have an
extent of sea-coast of some seven hundred miles
from Sacramento City to Portland, Oregon, en-
tirely unprotected—not a single national defense.
It is at tlio mercy of any foreign Government that
may involve us in war. And I do contend that
the considerations which should at the present
time urge upon this committee to pass this bill,
are of two-fold weight in favor of an extension of
the road to Portland, Oregon.
But there is another consideration springingup
within the last two or three years to which 1 de-
sire to call the attention of the committee. The
new mines which have been discovered in British
Columbia have attracted a large number of our
citizens from California, Oregon, and Washing-
ton Territory, and they are a different class of
people from those who were formerly residents
there. Occasions have already occurred when
there have been serious difficulties—at 4th of July
celebrations, and on other national holidays of
Americans, the chief factor of the Hudson Bay
Company has had to call out the military to aid
in quelling the disturbances. These difficulties
have already engendered a. very bitter and intense
feeling of dislike; and it is very probable, if these
things continue, that it will not be many years be-
foie we will be drawn into a great war with Eng-
land that will overwhelm all mere considerations
of the amount of money this will cost in view of
the importance and even the necessity of the con-
struction of this road.
The construction of the road will cost about five
millions of dollars. You have some seven hun-
dred miles of coast to defend; and with no iron-
clad steamers and no forts there, we are at the
mercy of any foreign Power, and especially at the
mercy of England. This defenseless portion of
the country demands the earnest consideration and
care of this Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the distance from
Portland to Saciamento ?
Mr. SHIEL. Seven hundred miles. There is
another consideration which I will urge upon the
attention of this House. By providing for the
construction of this road you will avoid the ne-
cessity of subsequent legislation. This road can-
not be commenced at once, for there is contem-
plated the organization of two companies by Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, which may take two or three
years before they can be put into successful op-
eration. The gentlemen who are anxious for the
passage of a Pacific railroad bill at this session—
and I confess that there is nobody more anxious
for it than 1 am—would, with amorc accurate and
extensive knowledge of that coast, I think, urge,
in order not to be inviduous and unjust, that the
western terminus of the road should not be either
at Sacramento or San Francisco, but that the road
should penetrate the Territory of Oregon.
It is not neccssary to add any further remarks.
I have called the attention of the committee to the
true important points.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Stevens's amendment was adopted.
Mr. JULIAN. As some question has been
raised as to the authority of the Leavenworth,
Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company to con-
struct this road through Kansas, I desire to have
the Clerk read the letter I hold in my hands from
Mr. Conway, who is still prevented by indispo-
sition from personally representing his constit-
uents on this floor.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, April 30,1862.
Dear Sir: I understand a question has been raised by
some members ot the Ilou-se as to the sufficiency of the aii-
thouty of the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western ltaihoad
Company to conduct through Kansas the several lines of
load which the bill of the special committee on the Pacific
railroad authorizes them to build.
Will you please say to the House forme that I am famil-
iar with the chartcr of that company and its amendments,
and that they tire ample to authorize the company to con-
struct the lines proposed, and are carcfully liamcd to pro-
tect the inlere&ts ot the stockholders and the people of the
State.
The company has spent much tune, labor, and money m
proem ing the light of way, making Mirveys and estimates,
and is now fully prepared to enter on the construction of
the load. It is composed of ami contiolled by many of
the best citizens of the State ; and my constituents greatly
desire that the construction of the lines through Kansas
shall be given to it, instead of being given to a corporation
created by the Pacific lailroad bill, and composed chiefly of
strangers.
I will add that the Legislature of Kansas, at its last ses-
sion, almost unanimously instructed me to suppoit a bill
giving the ughtto construct the Pacific road tlnough Kan-
sas to this company; and 1 feel that a compliance by the
House with the wishes of the Legislature in that respect is
due to the people of my State, and is necessary to the pro-
tection of their interests.
I am, very rcspectlully, vours,
M. F. CONWAY,
lion. Gforoe W. Julian, House of Representatives.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to strike
out the ninth section with all of the amendments
made thereto.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to the object which I have in view in mak-
ing that amendment to this bill. I am in favor of
the passage at this session of Congress, if it can
be done, of a proper and just bill for the construc-
tion of a railroad from the Missouii river to the
Pacific ocean. Whenever such a bill shall be pre-
sented, and on its face in good faith provide for the
construction of such a road, I will vote for it in
almostany shape; but when a bill declares, clearly
and distinctly, that the purpose is not to provide
for the construction of an entire and complete
Pacific railroad, but a road through California
and through Kansas, leaving the mountain por-
tion a separate and independent line of road, and
that bill is presented here, I cannot be expected
to vote for it. That is not the object which the
nation has in view. This bill provides, first, that
the mountain portion of the country shall be
spanned with a railroad, commencing on the west-
ern side of Kansas, and ending on the eastern
side of California. A charter isgranted and pro-
vision is made for the organization of a company;
and to that, sir, I have 110 objection. So far the
bill seems to contemplate the construction of a
Pacific railroad; but the section which I have
moved to strike out dissipates and and dispels the
illusion.
What is it? It proposes to build, separately
and independently, a line of road from the Mis-
souri river to the western boundary of Kansas,
and through that country the road can be built
for the bonus which the Government will bestow.
It also proposes to build, separately and independ-
ently, a road through the State of California to
the eastern boundary of that State; and with the
donation of $16,000 a mile and the land grant, that
lineof road may bebuilt. Mark you, these branches
are to be separate and distinct from the mainline of
the Pacific railroad, which may be known as the
mountain part of the work. On that part of the
road I expect that the Government will have to
bear the heaviest burden. But here is my objec-
tion: instead of making this a continuous line of
road from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
the bill provides for three separate and distinct
branches. Under the bill, and the large bonus
that it is proposed to give, the California and the
Kansas branches of the road may be built, but
there is no provision to prevent the work stop-
ping there. After the Kansas company has taken
the money of the Government and built the road
to the western boundary of that State, there is no
Eower in Congress or anywhere else under this
ill, to make them continue the work through the
mountainous district. .And the same thing is true
of the California branch of the road. The branch
roads at either end will take the $16,000 a mile
and build those branches, but there will be no
power to compel the connection of those branches
and make a complete Pacific railroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let me finish
what I have to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not see the necessity
of any more discussion on this amendment, which
the House, I think, understands very well. The
gentleman from Illinois says that he has a pet
scheme for the construction of a road from the
Missouri river to the ocean.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman stated that
he had a bill to offer for the construction of a Pa-
cific railroad, which he would offer at the proper
time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
is utterly mistaken. I said no such thing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield to the gentleman's
denial, but I was strongly under the impression
that he had made such a remark.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, that members would
give this subject the attention that its magnitude
and importance deserve. The gentleman from
Illinois rises in his place and says that this bill
provides for the construction of three roads. It
shows that the gentleman is laboring under a mis-
apprehension in regard to this measure. Perhaps
he has notdeemed itof sufficient importance togive
it that consideration to which I think it is entitled.
He is directly, and it may be well for his con-
stituents to understand it, the gentleman is directly
and pointedly opposing the interests of his own
great State by opposing this great measure. I
propose to state how he is opposing the interests
of Illinois. This bill d oes not provide for two or
three roads, but only one road, with two eastern
branches. If the gentleman will turn to the map
he will find that the great lines of railroad running
along the lake shores to the city of Chicago, in
his own State, require a northern branch, and it
is but right to give that great commerce a means
of transit to and from the Pacific; and if he will
turn his attention to this map still further, he will
find that the great lines centering at St. Louis
require an eastern branch to give them transit to
the Pacific. Those two branches will unite at a
point two hundred miles west of the Missouri
river, and from that point the bill provides for
only one road to the Pacific.
Now, in regard to the other point that the gen-
tleman made. These two eastern branches will
have a gratuity of $16,000 a mile only when the
road is completed and in running order, with loco-
motivesand all the other equipments. Those east-
ern branches can be constructed and equipped for
not less than §60,000 a mile. No responsible men
