2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, Tfimble, Trowbridge, Yari-Horn, Van Vaikenburgh,
Venee. Wall, Wallace, Washbwrne, Wheeler, Whalf:y,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—76.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Baker, Biadle, George
H. Browne, Bufflnton, Calvert, Cleraeiits, Cobb, Roscoe
Conkling, Corning, (-'ravens, Orisfield, Dawes, Delano,
Dunlap, Eliot, English, Fouke,Goodwin, Grider, Harding,
Johnson, Law, Menzies, Justin S. MorrlH, Norton, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Jolin S. Phelps, Porter, Alexander H. Rice,
Richardson, Sheffield, Shiei, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas,, Vallandigham, Yibbard, Wadswortli,
Walton, Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, VVickUile,
Wood, and Woodraflr—,47.
So the bill was passed.
Doring the cail,
Mr. VERREE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lehman, was detained in Philadelphia by illness.
Mr. MENZ1ES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Mallory, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. OLIN made a like statement in reference
to Mr. Hickman.
Mr. VAN VALICENBURGH stated that his
colleague, Mr. Diven, was absent because of ill-
ness.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said that if he had
been present yesterday when his name was called-,
he would have voted against the tax bill.
Mr. SPAULDING stated that his colleague,
Mr. Frank, was absent attending a sick soldier.
Mr. SEGAII stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called he would have
voted for the bill.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr, STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill whs passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SPAULDING, the title of the
bill was made to read as follows:
An net to authorize an additional issue of United
States Treasury notes, and for other purposes.
BANK IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported n bill to incorporate a bank
in the District of Columbia; and moved that it lie
made a special order for Saturday next.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, objected to
the special order.
The bill was rend a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, it
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered tobeprinted.
OATH OF Ol'FICJB.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the unanimous con-
scut of the House to take from the Speaker's table
House bill No. 371, to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes.
Mr. VALLANDIGI1AM. I object.
i'AMl'ULKT KDITION GIT TAX ACT, ETC.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reports! the following resolution:
Resotced, Thar fifty thousand copies of the acts of the
present Congress imposing direct, income, and other taxes,
be punted (or the Uouso in pumphlet form, with marginal
notee and a copious index.
Mr. OLIN. How many will that e-ivo to each
member?
Mr. WALTON. r] i'wo hundred andfiftycopies.
Mr. OLIN. "What would be the expense to
double the number?
Mr. WALTON. Seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend by making the
number seventy-five thousand copies.
Mr. EDW A.RDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by stnkingout" seven ty.fi ve thousand,"and
inserting " one hundred thousand." That will
I understand, increase the expense but little, and'
W  eiVmea? member five hundred copies.
Mi. I UELPb, of Missouri, I would inquire
of the gentleman from Vermont whether he did
not intend to embrace in that resolution the direct
tax bill passed at the extra session?
Mr. WALTON, Certainly-, and it does em-
brace it
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I thought it re-
ierred to bills passed at this session onlv
Mr. WALTON. No; but during thisCongress.
Xhe amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
M/. OLIN. ^ Is it in order to say a word?
1 he SPEAKER. The resolution is debatable.
Mr. OLIN. I intend to detain the House but
a moment. I think every man in the House, who
has a district in which this law is to have a prac-
tical operation, will foresee at once that it is almost
absolutely necessary for every business man in the
community to become acquainted with the provis-
ions of this bill. I have been importuned the pres-
ent session, during the consideration of this bill,
for copies of it. The community ought to be pos-
sessed of it. Many of its provisions are import-
ant and intricate; and I trust the House will agree
to the amendment. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WALTON moved to reconsider the voteby
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the regular order
of business.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The SPEAKER. The regular orderof business
is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 401) re-
lating to claims for the loss and destruction of
property belonging to loyal citizens, and damages
done thereto by the troops of the United States
during the present rebellion, on which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Sedgwick] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move, by the
consent of my colleague, that the consideration of
this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. FENTON. Is it the understanding thatit
shall be postponed and made the spccial order for
to-morrow?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. A single objec-
tion would defeat that. If it is postponed until
to-morrow the bill will retain its place.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I only yield to such a mo-
tion to postpone as will retain the bill in its place.
Mr. ARNOLD. I would ask the gentleman if
he makes the motion with the view of taking up
the special order?
Mr. FENTON. The special order will come
up after the morning hour.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE REGULAR ARMY.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of the House bill
(No. 217) to encourage enlistments in the regular
Army, and for other purposes, reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill was read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this bill until next
Saturday.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was about to
call the attention of the Committee on Military
Affairs to the first section of the bill. We have
recently, and during the absence of the chairman
of that committee, passed an act to encourage en-
listments in the volunteer service as well as in the
regular Army.
Again: I perceive that the President is calling
for additional troops,and has received additional
cavalry regiments, or at any rate has authorized
them to he raised. But this bill proposes a reduc-
tion of the present cavalry force in service. I de-
sire to in vite the attention of the committee to that
fact, for m the event of a campaign being made in
a particular direction during this war, we shall
need all the cavalry we have and prQbably more.
•Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will withdraw my
motion to postpone, and move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with leave to report at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
ENGINEER AND COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER announced the next bill in or-
t0 be the consideration of the bill (H.R.No.
o23) to promote the efficiency of the corps of en-
gineers, and of the commissary department, upon
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. JDunnI
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAICE. I desire to say that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McPherson,! who
is necessarily absent at this time, desires to be
heard upon this bill. I trust, therefore, the bill
will be postponed, or be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The bill was read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to allow me to make a motion?
Mr. DUNN. I will.
PACIFIC RAILKOAD BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote whereby the Senate amendments to House
bill No. 364, the Pacific railroad bill, were referred
to the select committee. I make the motion,and
wish it entered, for the purpose of keeping the
matter under the control of the House.
The motion was entered.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. I ask unani-
mous consent to record my vote upon the passage
of the Treasury note bill, being absent yesterday.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. I will state
that I should have voted against the bilL
ENGINEER AND COMMISSARY DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. DUNN. So far as this bill relates to the
organization of the engineer and topographical
corps, it is recommended very influentially from
different quarters; and I ask leave to have read
the following communication.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Camp near Cumberland, Vihginia,
May 15, 1862.
Gentlemen: The legislation in relation to the corps of
f have greatly tut. vuc uwu m uunjijj uju sieytr ut x ui jhuwu.
Tnese officers, with very insufficient numbers, have per-
formed laborious and highly important duties, which have
resulted in the bloodless reduction of the place—bloodless,
so far as the Army in general is concerned, but costly enough
101 them. Each corps has lost a valuable officer—one killed
and the other dangerously wounded—and this from a total
of only seventeen. They l\:ive fairly earned the favorable
consideration of Congiess.
Legislation is greatly needed to cffect three practical ob-
jects immediately:
1. To unite the corps of engineers and topographical en-
gineer^ and thus do away with a complicated and faulty
organization.
2. To provide a proper means for fi lling the numerous and
increasing vacancies—a matter which is? becoming embar-
rassing. My cngmeeroffioers have been greatly ovei worked,
and in fact ciippled, from the want of the young officeis
who, if the bill submitted last winter had become a law,
would now be actively engaged. These vacancies, about
thirty, cannot he properly tilled without legislation.
To give the lank—at least temporary—which is de-
manded by every principle of equity and expediency. X
have a battalion of three companies of regular engineer
troops. It is commanded by a captain, an officer of four-
teen years,' invaluable experience, who may well feel ag-
giieved at not having even the rank to which his actual
command would entitle him in any regiment of the line.
Each of these companies is commanded by a lieutenant
upon whom the same relative injustice is inflicted This
is all the moie galling to the officers of these two cozps be-
cause they are habitually and necessarily refused permis-
sion to accept the command of volunteer regiments, on the
giound that their professional services cannot be spared
I therefore earnestly hope that a bill providm* tor these
three needs of the service may very speedily become a law.
1 he necessity for it is injuriously-felt eveiy day. The hili
submitted by these corps last winter had, and still has, mv
full approval; but if Congress is unwilling to increase so
largely the permanent rank, the provisions for temporary
rank duiing the war, added as an amendment to the bill
reported by the Military Committee of the Senate, will
provide for the immediate and pressing needs of the ser-
VICe* GEORGE B. MoOLEIXAN,
,r_„ „ „ . Major General Commanding.
fion. H. Wilson, Chan man Military Committee,
tt u r  r  ™ United States Senate.
Hon. r. 1. 1>lair, Chairman Military Committee,
House of Representatives.
Washington, January 27, 1862.
1 haye ?xaiP!ned with care the remarks and
project of a law submitted by the committee from the coips
rlcUllgin' J"3 • corps of topographical engineers, in
reference to increasing the efficiency of their branch of
l?V7^y8ClvJ£c- i.c« dially approve the views pre-
■ cnted by them. The efficiency of the engineer service will
be much increased by the union of these* two corps. The
great value of the services of engineer officers is felt m
every expeditionary and Army corps, while the important
luncttons exorcised by them lequire that they should be
invested with commensurate rank.
I therefore earnestly recommend that the provision ior
increase ot rank in the proposed organization be adopted, aa
the w-i for the temporary rank to bo conferred during
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, youi obedient
servant,
~ , GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,
Major General Commanding United States Jlrmy.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of JVar.
