2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
vert, Frederick A. Conkllng, Cravens, Crisfield, Delaplaine,
Hall, Harding, Hanison, Hohnan, Johnson, Law, Lazear,
Justin S. Morrill,Morris,Norton, William G. Steele, Fran-
cis Thomas, and Chilton A. White—Si*
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truiy enrolled an act (S. No. 343)
to provide for additional medical officers of the
volunteer service; when the Speaker signed the
same.
SHIP CANAL.
The morning hour having now expired, the
House resumed the consideration of the bill of
the House (No. 288) to construct a ship canal for
the passage of armed and naval vessels fiom the
Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other purposes, postponed until this day, and
upon winch Mr. Blaih, of Missouri, was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will allow mo tu move to postpone this
bill until next week. The printed substitute bus
only just been laid upon our tables, and we have
had no time to examine it.
Mr. WASimmim. The substitute is very
simple.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not understand .
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to move to post-
pone this bill until Monday next. It will then be
the special order for that day.
Mr, IjLAIR, of Missouri. Well, let it be made
the special order from day to dayuntil disposed of.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. The bill has been post-
poned once,and T hope we shall consider it to-day.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to allowing the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
make thiu'motion I wish first, however, to offer
an nniemlmrnt which I desire to have printed.
The SPEA KEH. Does the gentleman offer it
osjui amendment to the amendment which he
oifered heretoft>re?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do. I ask that it
be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to make'his motion.
Mr. STEVKNiS. t move that the bill be post-
poned until Monday next, and he made the special
order for thai dnv.
Mr, VA LLAN DIG HAM, 1 object to making
it a^bpecial older, i.s it a special order now?
1 he SPEAKER. it was made the special order
for to-day.
Mr. V A L L A N D1G11A M. I object to its being
made the special order for any other day.
The SPEAKER. The gentU ;man fiom Penn-
sylvania moves to postpone the special order until
Monday next. The special order cannot be ex-
tended beyond that day except by unanimous
consent.
'file motion to postpone until Monday next was
agreed to.
RECORDING OF TOTES.
Mr. WRIGHT. In consequence of a severe
injury which 1 lecrived a week ago, I was unable
to bo pi=ewent in the Hou.se. i therefore ask the
unanimous consent of the House to lecord my
vote on the confiscation bill, the emancipation
bill, ana the tax bill.
There no objection,
Mr. WiUGIIT. 1 vote " no" on the confis-
cation and emancipation bills, and ",iy"0ii the
tax bill.
Mi. I'TSBIEtl. 1 ask unanimous consent to re-
cord my vote on the Treasury note bill, as I was
absent finm the House on account of sickness.
There bt-ing do objection,
Mr. P1SHER voted "ay."
Mr. \ ALLA NDIGHA M. f would be glad to
have the same pi mle " on the Treasury note bill,
lhere being no ohieetion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM voted " no."
Mr. F. A. CONKLING made a similar request.
There being no objection,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING voted " ay."
Mr. COVODE asked leave to have his vote re-
corded on the Pacific railroad bin, he'having been
absent on the special committee on the conduct of
the war when the vote was taken.
There being no objection,
Mr. COVODE voted " ay."
Mr. FRANK asked leave to have his vote
recorded on the Treasury note bill.
There being no objection,
Mr. FRANK voted "ay."
Mr. RICE, of Maine, asked leave to have his
vote recorded on the Pacific railroad bill.
There being no objection,
Mr. RICE, of Maine, voted "ay."
Mr. EDWARDS. I was absent, in attendance
on a sick friend, when the bill to establish diplo-
matic relations with Hayti pasjed. I desire to
have my vote recorded.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to have the vote
on that bill changed, the Journal having been al-
ready printed.
Mr. STILES. I ask leave to have my vote
recorded on the confiscation bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. STILES stated that he would have voted
" no."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in the
same connection, that the Clerk informs him that
the Journal, containing the vote on the passage of
the confiscation bill, has gone to the printer. It
is therefore too late to record any additional votes
on that bill.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the consent of the House
to have taken from the Speaker's table House bill
No. 371, to prescribe an oath of office, and for
other purposes, with the Senate amendments
thereto.
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I move to go to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
bills were taken fronuhe Speaker's table, and dis-
posed of as indicated below:
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
An act (II. R.No. 260) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for'fulfillmg treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes "for the year
ending Juno 30, 18C3, with Senate amendments
thereto.
Mr. ALDIUCH. I move that the House insist
on its disagreeing votes to the Senate's amend-
ments, and agree to the committee of conference
asked by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
KlfiOIlGANIZATION OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
An act (S. No. 171) to reorganize the Navy De-
partmentof the United States, with House amend-
ments thereto, in which thcSenate non-concurred.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the House
| insist on its amendments, and ask a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Subsequently the Speaker appointed Messrs.
Sedgwick, Mooriiead, and Cravens the mana-
gers on the part of the House.
POLYGAMY.
An act (H. R. No. 391) to punish the prac-
tice of polygamy in the Territories of the United
Slates and other places, and disapproving and an-
nulling curtain nets of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Utah, with Senate amendments
thereto.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say, J
m reference to the objection made by the gentle- 1
mail from Missouri (Mr. Phelps] last week, to i
one of the piovisions of tins b.ll, that I understand ;
the Roman Catholic church at Santa Fe has prop- i
erty exceeding $.50,000 in amount, but that it is pro- j
tected undei treaty ^stipulations. His objection, j
therefore, is not valid. I now move the previous '
question on concurring with the Senate amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
Tliat every person having a husband or wife living, who
shall marry any other person, whether mairied or single, in
a Temtoiy of The United States, or other place over which
the United Stateshavecxclusive jurisdiction,shall, cxcept
in the eases specified m the proviso to tins section, be ad-
judged guilty of bigamy, and, upon conviction thereof, shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding $500, and by imprison-
ment lor a teim not exceeding five years Provided, never-
theless, That this section shall not extend to any person by
reason of any former marriage, whose husband or wife by
such mauiage shall have been absent for five successive
yeais without being known to such person within that time
to be living; nor to any person by reason of any former mar-
riage which shall have been dissolved by the decree of a
competent court; nor to anyper^on by leason of any former
marriage which shall have been annulled or pronounced
void by the sentence 01 decree of a competent court on the
ground 01 the nullity of the marriage eontiact.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following or-
dinance of the piovisional government ofthe State of Des-
eret, so-called, namely : "An ordinance incojporating the
Chuich of Jesus Chu&t of Latter Day Saints," passed Feb-
ruaiy 8, 1851, and adopted, reeiracted. and made valid by
the Governor and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Utah by an act passed Januaiy.19,1855, entitled " An act
m relation to the compilation and revision ofthe laws and
resolutions in force m Utah Temtory, their publication,
and du-u ibution," and all other acts and parts of acts hereto-
fore passed by said Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah, which establish,support, maintain, shield, or coun-
tenance polygamy, be, and the same hereby are, di&ap-
ptoved and annulled. Provided, That this act shall be so
limited and constiued as not to affect or interfere with the
light of pioperty legally acquit ed under the ordinance here-
toloie mentioned, noi with the right u to worship God ac-
cording to the dictates of conscience," but only to annul all
nets and laws which establish, maintain, piotect, or coun-
tenance the pi actiee of polygamy, evasively called spiritual
mairiage,however disguised bylegal or ecclesiastical solem-
nities, sacraments, ceicmonics, consccrations, or other con-
tuvances.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for any corporation or association, for religious or
chautable puiposes, to acquire or hold real estate m any
Territory of the United States duiing the existence of the
territorial government of a greater value than $50,000; and
all real estate acquired or held by any such coiporation oi
association contiaiy to the provisions of this act shall be
forfeited and escheat to the United States : Provided, That
existing vested rights in real estate shall not be impaired
by the piovision* of this section.
Amend the title, so as to make it read :
An act to punish and prevent the practice of polygamy in
the Teriitoiies of the United States and other places, and
disapproving and annulling certain acta of the Legislative
Assembly ofthe Territory of Utah.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to rceonsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY OF THE DISTRICT.
An act (H. R. No. 425) to incorporate the Guard-
ian Society to Reform Juvenile Offenders in the
District of Columbia, with Senate amendments
thereto.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
OATH OF OFFICE.
An act (H. R. No. 371) to prescribe an oath of
office, and for other purposes, with Senate amend-
ments thereto.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House non-
concur in thp Senate amendments, and ask a com-
mittee of conference; and on that I demand the
previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
House concur in the Senate amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
called the previous question on his motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit that it is
not in order to move to non-concur in all the amend-
ments at once.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to x
a separate vote on each of the amendments.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now move that
the House concur in the first amendment.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending on the motion of the gentleman from
Iowa.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman's
motion was not in order, his call for the previous
question on it would fail.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's call for the
previous question was in order; and when the
