1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
of Nevada, the principle upon which the commit-
tee are now legislating being to authorize the main
company to construct the line through the Ter-
ritories, and State companies the road through the
States. In order to make the bill harmonize with
the amendments already adopted, I move to strike
out ail after the word " the, in line twenty-one,
down to "hereby," in line line thirty-two, as
follows:
Eastern boundary of Nevada Territory before it is com-
pleted across said Territory by tho Nevada company, said
first-named company is hereby authorized to continue on
in constructing the same across Nevada Territory, and to
continue on the same through California, if the Central
Pacific Railroad Company nf California shall not have com-
pleted the same in California upon the terms mentioned in
this act, until said roads shall meet and connect, and the
whole line of said railroad and telegraph is completed; and
the said Nevada Railroad Company, and the Central Pacific
llailroad Company of California, after completing their re-
spective roads across said State and Territory, are.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Western boundary of California before it is completed
across said State by the Central Pacific Railroad Company
of California, said first-named company is hereby author-
ized to continue in constructing the same through Califor-
nia, upon the terms mentioned iu this act, until said roads
shall meet and connect, and the whole line of said railroad
and telegraph is completed, and the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company of California, after completing that road
across said State, is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the twelfth section, as follows:
Sec. 12. JlwL be it further cnacted, That whenever the
route of said railroad shall cross the boundary of any State
or Territory, or said meridian of longitude, the two com-
panies meeting or uniting there shall agree upon its loca-
tion at that point, with icfercnce to the most direct and
practicable through route, the companies named in each
State and Territory to locate the load acioss the same be-
tween the points so agreed upon. The track upon the en-
tire line of railroad s*hall be of uniform width, to be agreed
upon by said companies, so that, when completed, caiscan
be run from the Missouri river to the Pacific coast; the
grades and curves shall not exceed the maximum grades and
curves of tho Baltimoio and Ohio lailroad ; the whole line
of said laihoad and telegiaph shall he operated and used
for all puiposes of communication, travel, and transposi-
tion, so far as the public and Govern men t me concerned, as 
one connected, continuouslme; and the companies heiein
named in Mi.ssom i, Iowa, Kansas, Nevada, and California,
filing their as*cnt to the piovisons of this act, shall receive
and tiansport all iron jail?, chairs, spikes, ties, timber,and
all materials leqmred for constructing and furnWilng said
lir^t-mentioned line between the western boundary of Kan-
f-a.M (or one handled and second meridian of longitude) and
enjoin boundary of Nevada Teiritory, whenever the same
is lequued by said fnsr-named company, at co>t, ovci that
poition of the loads of «.aid companies*constructed under
tho provisions of this act.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to insert, after tho
word " route," inline six,the words, "and in ease
of a difference between them as to said location,
the President of the United States shall determine
said location."
The amendment was agreed to. 1
Mr. SARGENT. I move to insert, after the
word " upon,"in the eighth line, the words," ex-
cept as herein provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the word
"Nevada," in the eighteenth line.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. SARGENT. 1 move to strike out the
words " western boundary of Kansas or," in the
twenty-second line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
word "eastern," m the twenty-third line, and to
insert " western" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to offer a substitute
for the fourteenth section of the bill. I will state
that it has been submitted to the special commit-
tee who prepared this bill, and they concur in it.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That the saul Union Pacific Railroad Company is hereby
authorized and requited to construct a single line of rail-
road and telcgiapli from a point on the western boundary
ot the State of Iowa, we^teilv upon the most dnectand
piacticablc route,so as to fotm a connection with the line
ot said company at some point not furthci weM; than the
one hundred and second meridian of longitude afotesud
from the point ot commencement upon the western bound-
ary of the State of Iowa, upon the same terms and condi-
tions ni all lf-pects a& are contained m this actfoi the con-
struction ot -an1railroad ami telegraph first mentioned; and
1,'nion Pacific Railroad Company shall complete two
hundred imlo* ol tin' load <iu.i telegraph under the, section
pto\ Med for in two yoaid a fun film* their as-em to Uie con-
dition*- of this act, as bv the terms of this act iequ;rud. and ' j
at the rate of one bundled mile- per yem theroattcr until |i
the whole i^ t umploted . Proiided. That a iailuie upon the '<\
pail of said company to nnke -.aid connection in the time j
aioie-atd.and to nedotm the obligations imposed upon said li
company by this section, and to operate said road in the
same manner as the main line shall be operated, shall for-
feit to the Government of the United States all the rights,
privileges, and franchises granted to and conferred upon
said company by this act.
Mr. SARGENT. That amendment is entirely
satisfactory to the select committee. We think
that its terms are just and reasonable. It meets
with the hearty concurrence of the committee,
and I hope it will be adopted-.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. In order to test a
principle, I move to amend, by adding to the six-
teenth section, as follows:
The business of all the roads named in this act for the
construction of which lands are herein granted and an is-
sue of bonds authorized, shall be consolidated so as to make
a common dividend, profit, and expense account, and the
gross annual receipts of all of said roads shall be divided
between all of said companies in proportion to the length
of road owned by each, whether the companies who build
them shall be consolidated or not, and whether such roads
lie within the limits of a State or of the territory of the Uni-
ted States: Provided, That the consent ol the respective
States within whose limits any of said roads are situated
shall first be obtained: And provided further, That no lands
shall be granted or bonds issued as aforesaid to any com-
pany for the construction of any such road within the lim-
its of a State, until such State shall have given its consent
to the provisions of this act.
I stated the other day, Mr. Chairman, that the
provisions of this sixteenth section can never be
practically carried into effect. The companies
that arc authorized to build the extremes of these
roads within the limits of States never can con-
solidate with the new company now created, with-
out merging all their present rights and privileges.
This bill does not provide that those companies
shall have another organization for building out-
side of their own States westward. The bill does
not create any company that can consolidate, with
companies within the limits of the several States.
Now, I am satisfied that this road will never be
built by a company that shall only own the line
within the limits of the Territories of the United
States. The same grants are provided to be given
to the companies on the two extremes of Califor-
nia and Kansas, and, perhaps, also to the com-
panies in Iowa. My amendment provides that
the companies shall be consolidated, so as to make
a common expense, dividend, and profitaccount,
and that the gross proceeds of the whole line of
road shall be divided among the companies in pro-
portion to their lengths of road. I have so far
compromised with the opinions of the select com-
mittee as to yield to its views; and all that I de-
sire now is that these companies shall make a com-
mon stock, so far as the annual productive receipts
of the road are concerned. This grant of $20,000
a mile will build a great many sections of road
within the limits of States, only to tempt the in-
terior and central company to its ruin. We want
to have a road built that will be practicable and
profitable. I think that those companies which
take hold of the road at either extreme should have
no greater profits than those which risk their cap-
ital m building the central portion. I think that
that risk will never be incurred, and that the Pa-
cific railroad will fall still-born under the present
provisions of this act. I think that the amend-
ment which I offer is nothing more than reason-
able. It meets the views of that large class of gen-
tlemen who want to have one company. It obviates
all objections on the ground of State sovereignty,
and makes practicable the consolidation which is
intended to be provided for in the sixteenth sec-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With very great respect
to the gentleman from Indiana, I cannot see the
force of his objection. I want to call his attention
to the fact that the point which he makes here
seems tome to be "point no point." All the
great railroads in the country running from New
Vork and other points westward, are but a com-
bination of different companies, and they manage
to divide the profits and to fix the rates of trans-
portation without any difficulty whatever. So
that I have,against thegentleman'stheory,to set
up the practice of the country.
There seems to be no difficulty whatever in the
practical operation of a system of railroads run-
ning half through the continent. I think it is a
little too early m the day for us to undertake to
say to the Iowa branch and to the Missouri branch
that they must divide their profits with the main
line. I want to leave that matter to be decided
by practical experience, ffit be hereafter found
to be the interest of these roads to consolidate and
form but one company, the section provides that
they shall have the right to do so, on filing the
terms with the Secretary of the Interior. But
until we have a little more experience on the sub-
ject I want to leave these roads to be governed by
the practice and experience of the country.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would like the
gentleman to answer this question: whether he
believes that, under the provisions of the six-
teenth section, the Iowa and Kansas and Califor-
nia companies can consolidate with the Pacific
Railroad Company without mergingall their rights
under their present charters ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not see that that is at
all necessary. I think that the Kansas and Iowa
companies can, on fair terms and conditions, unite
with the main company, and preserve all their
rights under their present charters. They are no"t
obliged to unite; but they can do so on terms that
are fair and mutually satisfactory.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it not a fact that by the
adoption of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] the Iowa railroad
companies are dispensed with, and that the Union
company is to build the road all the way through
from Nevada to Iowa?
Mr. WILSON. Yes.
Mr. STEVENS. So I understood it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then my amend-
ment would be referable to California and Kansas;
and I ask why should not California and Kansas
have the same advantages as Iowa has ?
The question was taken on Mr. White's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the fourteenth sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done ex-
cept by general consent.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that consent will be
given.
Mr. STEVENS. I reserve the right to object
till I hear it read.
The amendmentwas read, as follows.
At the end of the fouiteenth section, add :
And whenever there shall bo a line of railroad completed
through Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City, or a point oppo-
site the same on the Missouri river, then said corpoiation
shall construct a bianch road from Sioux City, to connect
with said main line within three hundred miles of the Mis-
souri river, and it is hereby authorized to construct the
same upon the same teims and conditions as are provided
in this act for the construction of the mam line aforesaid :
Piovidcd, That no ni' ic than $7,500 in bonds per mile shall
be issued for the constiuctionofsaid branch road : And pro-
vided further, That if said corpoiation shall fail to con-
struct the branches provided for in this section it shall for-
feit the privileges granted by this act.
Mr. ALDRICH. I simply desire to state that
this amendment was agreed upon by the special
committee, and that I had intended to offer it at
the end of the fourteenth section; but had my at-
tention called elsewhere at the proper time for
offering it. I trust it will meet the unanimous
concurrence of the committee.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the seven-
teenth section by striking out the following pro-
viso:
Piovided, Tnat any company not m default on their por-
tion of said road, in any &ub>tantial or material respect,
shall not bo liable, for the failure to peiform on othei por-
tions thereof, to any forfeiture or penalty under this section.
And inserting in lieu thereof the words:
Provided, That if a lond from the Missouri river to the
city of Saciamento is not completed on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1876, the entne road or roads built tinder the pjovis-
10ns ot this act shall be forfeited to the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I have presented my views be-
fore, and do not now wish to repeat, them at length.
The purpose of my amendment is to secure the
building of the road. There are many who sup-
pose that this bill, as now arranged, will not se-
cure that purpose. I do not myself believe that
it will. 1 do not believe that it is the purpose of
the bill to do it. I do not suppose that the special
committee anticipates that a road will ever be con-
structed under this bill; but it is anticipated that
eight or ten thousand dollars a mile will be got for
forty miles of the road that is already built".
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes.
Mr. SARGENT. I say distinctly as one of
the committee, that I think—and I believe such is
