mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
EXECUTORS Of LEWIS WARRINGTON, ETC.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of the
executors of Lewis Warrington and others; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be en-
grossed , and read a third time ;and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
RICHARD IRVIN.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, also
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of
Richard Irvin, trustee of the Mechanics' Bank,
New York; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
c. j. jisnkins and company.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee,also
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of C.
J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, assignees of John
W. McKinney; which was read a'first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
DEPUTY COLLECTOR.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Comjnittee on
Commerce, reported a bill to authorize fhe Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a deputy collector
of customs at Clmicoteugue Island, Virginia;
which was road a first and second time.
The bill was read through,
Mf. WASHDURNli. I have a letter fiom the
Secretary of the Treasury recommending the pas-
sage of this bill, which I will have read ii'any gen-
tleman desires it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I should
like to hear it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, June 17,1862.
Sir ; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of tho 16th Instant, Inclosing a petition Tor making
Uhlneotengue Island, Virginia, a port of cutis', and a draft
of a bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to ap-
point a deputy collector to reside on said ishuiti wiio shall
grunt enrollments and licenses to vessels.
I inclose, lor your consideration, a draft of a bill author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to nppointitdcutny col-
lector to reside on Chincoteague Island, and to exercise
mieh powers, under the revenue laws, as he, the Secretary
of the Treasury, may prescribe. The nature of the poweia
cnnlerred upon tin- deputy collector under this bill would
oe authority to ihsue marine papers to vessels and to collect
duties. This bill, it is presumed, will accommodate to the
luiiest extent the lum-hauls and masters of vessels doine
bminoss at (Jhhicotnigur Inland.
I tun, very ruspectluliv, vour obedient servant
s. p. CHASK,
Secretary of Ike Treasury.
linn. E. B. Washhuknk, Chairman of Commit tee on Com-
merce, House of Representatives.
The lull way ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr, WASflJiURNB moveu to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRANCH MINT IN NEVADA.
Mi. WASHBURNE moved that the Commit-
tee on Commercgjbe discharged from the further
consideration of a bill to establish a branch mint
ill the rerritory of Nevada, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
i'ort ok entry at jsvansville, indiana.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commctce, submitted an adverse report on the
petition of (he citizens of Evansville, Indiana, to
constitute that place a port of entry; which was
law upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
POUTS OF ENTRY IX REBELLIOUS STATES, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the same commit-
tee, made adverse reports in the following cases-
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be'
printed:
A bill (fl, R, No. 3) to repeal all of the laws
creating ports of entry in the rebellious States.
Petition of William B. Coyle and joint resolu-
tions of the Legislative Assembly of Washington
Territory in relation to the lumber interests.
PROTECTION OP HARBORS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, reported
a bill to preserve and protect for national defense
the harbors of Provincetown, Massachusetts, and
Erie, Pennsylvania; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OP VESSELS* NAMES.
Mr. ELIOT,from the same committee,reported
a bill changing the name of the steamboat Char-
lotte Vanderbiltto William F.Russell; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and befhg engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD, from the same committee, reported
a bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the name of the steamer Coatzacoalcos
to America; which was read a first and second
time, otdered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, itwasaccordingly read
the third time, ana passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NIXON, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
laid upon the table,and ordered to be printed:
The memorial of Thomas Clyde, to change the
name of the steamer M. S. Perry; and
The memorial of Philip Fitzpatiick, to change
the name of the schooner Sarah Jane.
Mr. NIXON, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill No. 242, to change the name of
the American-built schooner Tom Dyer to that
of Dolphin; which was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. NIXON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NIXON, from the same committee, reported
batik Senate bill No. 243, to change the name of
the American-built schooner Curtis Mann to that
of Supply; which was ordered to a third read
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. NIXON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LUMBER INTERESTS.
Mr. WASHBUI#fE. At the suggestion of a
gentleman from Washington Territory, I move
to take from the Speaker's table the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislative Assembly of that Terri-
tory in relation to the lumber interests, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
ABOLITION OP PORTS OF ENTRY.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the same committee,
reported a bill to abolish certain ports of delivery
m the Mississippi valley; which was read aiirst
and second time.
The bill abolishes the ports of delivery of Han-
nibal. Missouii; Hickman and Columbus; Ken-
tucky; Chattanooga and Knoxville, Tennessee;
luscumbia, Alabama; and Shreveport, Louis-
iana. *
Mr. MAYNA RD. I move to strike out" Knox-
ville. It is the metropolitan point of an area of
counti y extending two hundred miles each way.
It is a place of sufficient importance to allow it to
remain a port of delivery, which it has been for
many years,
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The Secretary of the
/e,af.ui'y!ecom mended the abolition of these ports
of delivery . The reason which led to the estab-
lishment ofthese ports of delivery was this: there
were railroads to be constructed in the vicinity of
those places, and it was deemed convenient to
have the railroad iron, instead of being delivered
at New Orleans, delivered at one or other of these
places in the valley of the Mississippi. But, sir,
this reason does not any longer exist. And for
the years 1859 and 1860 no business was done,
and no fees of any consequence were collected at
any of these places. Nothing was done by the
collectors of the ports except to receive their sal-
aries. It seems to me therefore proper that the
bill should pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say in regard to the
expenses of the office that they are very small,
not exceeding $200 a year.
The gentleman is right in saying that the ob-
ject of establishing that point as a port of entry'
was to facilitate the construction of the system of
railroads of that State. The importance of that
system of railroads has been developed to some
extent during the present war. That system re-
mains incomplete, but it is still in process of com-
pletion. The labor is going on actively upon two
of the roads which propose a connection between
the northwest and southeast Atlantic border, and
I presume they will be completed as soon as the
war is brought to a close and we get possession
of that country.
The reasons which originated the policy, oper-
ate at present as vigorously as they did at the
beginning, and will, I think, after this war is
over operate more strongly than they did ori-
ginally, from the fact that that portion of the
country, as we all know, has been subjected to a
degree of hardship and rigor that has not fallen
upon other portions of the country, inasmuch as
it has received the support of neither of the two
Governments, the Federal orthatof the southern
confederacy, and has been the theater of active
hostilities between the two. I hope,atthis time,
the gentleman will interpose no objection, but let
Knoxville be stricken out.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, or of
the gentleman who reported this bill, from what
foreign port a vessel can sail with a package of
merchandise to the city of Knoxville ? A port of
entry is one at which goods may be received di-
rectly from Europe.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It is not a port of entry,
but a port of delivery.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Articles imported in bulk
from abroad are to be delivered at the port of de-
livery. Now, I want to know by what body of
water goods can reach Knoxville from abroad?
If there is any such body of water I shall vote for
the bill; if there is none I shall vote against it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I supposed that every gen-
tleman familiar with the geography of that coun-
try was aware of the fact that Knoxville, though
certainly not on tide water, is upon the water of
the Holston river, navigable by steamboats ofcon-
siderable size during perhaps three fourths of the
year.
^ Mr. SHEFFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion, but first I desire to say that the gentleman
has urged no reason which, itseems to me, ought
to satisfy the House why this place should not
be retained. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was not agreed
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman who reported this bill whether
there is not authority already given to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to abolish many of these
ports of delivery?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I think not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have sent for a
volume of the statutes in order to find the law. 1
am satisfied that he possesses that power now
wherever he believes there is no necessity for main-
taining them.
I recollect well that several of these ports of de-
livery were established because they were in the
vicinity of some railroad then being constructed,
and they were needed for the purpose of having
the iron, which the companies imported from
abroad, delivered at that particular point, which
was thus made a port of entry merely for the
accommodation of the railroad company.
