1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
from taking his seat in this body, his credentials
being in due form, and lie being a citizen thirty
yean* old, and nine years an inhabitant of the
State from which he comes. The second is,
whether, if the Senate has this power, the facts
before us are sufficient to justify us in exercising
it in the case of Mr. Stark. Have the Senate the
power preliminary to inquire^into the fitness of
the applicant who presents himself and declares
his readiness to take the oath of office? Have we,
for any cause, aside from those expressly men-
tioned in the Constitution which are called quali-
fications, but which are really restrictions, the
power to say to a person who thus presents him-
self here, " you shall not take the oath of office;
you shall not. occupy a seat among us; you shall
not participate in the votes and other proceedings
of tins body?" It seems to me, sir, that to hold
the negative of this proposition is most extraor-
dinary. I cannot reconcile myself to it. I cannot
say that because A B presents himself at the door
of this Senate with credentials in his hand, which
are simply m due form, he has the right in and
of himself, thus armed with his formal credentials,
to insist upon taking his seat here and voting with
us and participating in our deliberations.
Are we thus powerless? Are we thus stripped
of all authority to exclude from our deliberations
a person who comes here for no other purpose
than to assist in destroying the Government it-
self which we are sworn to support? Are we ne-
cessarily, by the Constitution and by our duties,
to say to such an applicant, " it is your right so
to do, and we are concluded absolutely by the ex-
hibition of youi credentials with the seal of your
State affixed to them ?" If we are thus concludcd,
certain consequences of a very grave nature must
necessarily follow. If I understand correctly the
argument of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] of my friend from New York, [Mr. Har-
ris,] and of several other gentlemen who have
spoken on this point, we arc, according to them, j
absolutely concluded from taking any exception i
to such an applicant, unless it be on the score of j
his so-called qualifications. If we are, I insist i
that a State government now within the limits of |
what is callcd the southern confederacy may send 1
here a traitor, may send even Jefferson Davis to j
this Chamber with the broad seal of the State of I
Mississippi upon his credentials, and we are pre- |
eluded from taking any step in reference to that j
man until he lias taken his seat in the Senate and
has sworn to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr President, the Senate is an organized body.
It is in its character unceasing, and in the con-
templation of its framers, was to endure as an
organized body forever. Itneverceasesitsorgan-
ization or its functions; it, therefore, in contem-
plation of the Constitution, at all times, without
mteimission, has whatever powers properly be-
long to vl legislative body, and may exercise them
as occasion shall require. The question now is,
whether we have not the right to exclude from !
our body a person who is a notorious traitor, and j
as to whom we have the best ground to believe j
that if he offers himself for admission into this j
body, it is merely for the. purpose of acting as a j
spy; merely fur the purpose of aiding and assist- >
ing, so far as is in his power, m destroying and ;
overthrowing, not only the body itself, but the !
entire fabric of the Government of the United i
States. May we not keep such a man as this out j
of the Senate ? If he came without credentials, and
presented himself at our door, and asked to bead- i
mittedas a spectator of our deliberations, and an- !
nounced at the same time that he came here for
the purpose of acting the part of a spy of the in-
surrection, and consequently for the purpose of
overthrowing this Government and destroying this
legislative body, is there a gentleman here who
would liesitate'for one moment to say we have the
power to exclude the wretch ? We have the power
to drive him fiom our midst; we have the power
to shut our door m his face; and how do we de-
rive the power in the case which I put> Is there
anything in the Constitution of the United States
which authorizes the Senate thus to close the door
upon an intruder if he were but a mere private in-
truder? Nothing,sir; not one single word. The
Constitution is totally silent upon that subject.
1 usk gentlemen also, how docs the Senate dc-
live the power to punish a person not a member
of this body as for a contempt? That we possess
this power will be conceded by every one. Why
do we possess it? How do we possess it? Not
by the express terms of the Constitution; but
we possess it as one of those necessarily implied
powers which are indispensable to the preserva-
tion of the body m which we are serving as mem-
bers. It is the power of self-preservation, not ne-
cessary to be granted by the Constitution—a power
incident alike to couits of justice and to legislative
bodies, without which it is impossible for the body
to preserve itself. This principle has been too
often recognized to be enlarged upon now.
I have said, sir, that neither House of Congress
has any express power in the Constitution to pun-
ish any person not a member of either body; and
still both Houses possess the power. The Con-
stitution declares that
"Each House may determine the rules of its own pro-
ceedings, punish lis members lor disonleily behavior, and,
with tlie concmrfiice of two third*, expel a membei."
That power of punishing expressly granted is
simply applicable by its terms to the members of
each body, but is not applicable to strangers to
those bodies. There has been upon the standing
rules of the Senate an order which has existed
since 1798, declaring that
" No motion shall be deemed in oider to admit any per-
son or persons whatever within the doors of the Senate
Cliambei lo present any petition, meinonal, or address, or
t^ hear any such lead."
The Senate at its origin declared to the country
and to the world that no person, not, of course, a
member of the body, should be allowed within the
Hall of the House for the purpose of presenting
any petition to either House. They are excluded;
they ever have been excluded, and very properly;
and why are they excluded? What is the object
and purpose of this rule? To preserve order in
the body, to protect its proceedings, and to enable
it to do the duty which each member has sworn
to do; and that is, to support the Constitution of
the United States by assisting in carrying on the
Government.
We have standing rules also at the present time,
excluding the public from this floor; and I sup-
pose as a matter of course, if a stranger should
find his way upon this floor, contrary to the rules
of the Senate, it would be competent for the Sen-
ate to proceed to punish him as for a contempt of
its authority. How do we derive the power? As
I said before, from the necessity of protecting our
proceedings, from the necessity of being free in
our deliberations, the necessity of being uninter-
rupted, of being secure fiom violence; for, if we
have no power thus to defend ourselves, we might
at any time be interrupted in our proceedings, and
all the proceedings of the Senate might suddenly
and effectually be brought to an end. Unless we
have the power, then at any time a squad of reb-
els may organize themselves in the streets of this
city, match up into the Capitol, force their way
into the Senate Chamber, seize the Vice Presi-
dent, drag him from his chair, and expel all the
members of the Senate from theirseats; thus dis-
organizing and dispersing the body. Are we so
helpless that we cannot guaid against such an in-
cident? Are we so#enurely powerless and de-
fenseless.as the Senator from Wisconsin seems to
intimate that we are? He told us the other day,
in very emphatic terms, that the Senate had no
rij^lit of seU-defense, that they had no power to
defend themselves, and seemed to speak in terms
of ridicule of the proposition that it was a neces-
sary incidental power to the very existence Of the
Senate.
The question of the authority of the House of
Representatives to punish for a contempt of its
authority has long since been settled; and 1 beg
to call the attention of the Senate to a single pas-
sage from a judgment of the Supreme Court, to
be found in 6 Wheaton's Repoits, and which case
arose in the following manner: a person not a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives had committed
acontemptofthe authority of the House. He was
seized, by a warrant fi orn the Speaker, and placed
m the custody of the marshal, and was restrained
of his liberty for a considerable time; but finally,
after having been reprimanded by the Speaker of
the Honse, was liberated. After tl*at, he brought
his suit in tiespassagamstthe marshal,for the pur-
pose of procuring damages for false imprisonment^
and theie the question arose distinctly as to the
power of the House of Representatives to punish
strangers for contempt of its authority; and the
Supreme Court, tQ which the case was removed*
used the folowing emphatic and expressive lan-
guage. They say, and say unanimously:
"That 'the safety of the people is the supreme law,'
not only comports with, but is indispensable to, the exer-<
cise of those powers in theirpublic functionaries without
which that safety cannot be guarded. On this principle it
is that courts of justice are universally acknowledged to be
vested,by theirvery creation, with power to impose silence,
respect, ami decorum in their presence, and submission to
their lawful mandates, and, as a eoroilaty to this proposi-
tion, to preseive themselves and their officers fiom the ap-
proach and insults of pollution.
" It is tiue that the courts of justice of the United States
are vested, by express statute provision, with power,to,fine
and imprison for contempts; but it does not follow from
this cncumstance that they would not have exercised that
power without the aid of the statute or not, in cases, if such
should occur, to which such statute provision may not ex-
tend; on the contrary, it is a legislative assertion of this
light as incidental to a grant of judicial power, and can
only be considered either as an instance of abundant cau-
tion, or a legislative declaration that the power of punish-
ing tor contempt shall not extend beyond its known and
acknowledged limits of fine and imprisonment."—fVhea-
ton's Repoits, vol. 6, pp. 227,228.
Now, sir, I have asked Senators to show me
any distinction, in point of principle, between the
case of the stranger, who comes here and attempts
to intrude himself upon this body,announcing his
purpose to be that of a spy to aid the rebellion,
or any other wicked and mischievous cause, de-
structive of the Government itself, and the case of
a man, or a set of men, who shall thrust them-
selves in here, and by their noise and confusion
and uproar render it impossible for the Senate to
proceed with their deliberations. Is not the for-
mer case which I put one of greater atrocity, far,
than the latter? Is it not more important to this
body, more important to the Government of the
United States, that the secret spy, who comes in
here with a dagger concealed under his vesture,
for the purpose of giving the genius of free gov-
ernment a stab, a more dangerous intruder, far,
than the rowdy who comes here filled with liquor
and interrupts our proceeding by means of noise
and other disturbances? If we might expel the
private intruder who came upon such a wicked
mission, I ask you, sir, I ask every Senator here,
upon what principle is it that he will venture to
say that the formality of mere credentials in the
pocket of the intruder is a perfect justification for
him to come into this Senate, take his seat here,
vote with us, act with us, with the same purpose
in his heart? It is that question which I desire
may be answered, if there|>e any gentlem&n here
who is prepared to answer it. No, sir; you and
I, and the rest of us, on taking our seats in this
body, took upon ourselves, each of us,a solemn
oath that we would support the Constitution of
the United States.
That, sir, is what we have sworn to; and when
we took that oath we intended by it this: that wc
would, to the best of our judgment and ability,
not only uphold the Constitution and all the func-
tionaries acting under the Constitution inthe just
and legal discharge of their duties and their trusts
0,1 the present time, and for the present time, but
that we would endeavor, so far as depends upon us,
to continue them in the use of those functions forall
time to come. In other words, we swore to sup-
port, that is, to uphold, to continue in operation
and efficiency for all time to come the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and to obey all and each
of its requirements; and I beg to say to the gen-
tleman from New York that when I speak of loy-
alty to the United States of America I have no
mental reservation. I take the word "support"
the Constitution of the United States as answering
the question which he has so pointedly put. To
support the Constitution is a very simple thing.
The meaning of the word is plain. The Senator
from New York cannot misunderstand it. No
other Senator, no citizen of the United States, can
misunderstand it. When called upon to support
the Constitution of the United States, and swear-
ing to support that Constitution, 1 mean to con-
tinue all the functions of the Government that are
created by the Constitution of the United States
for all time to come; I mean that it is our duty to
use all our powers to establish and maintain the
administration of justice by the couits of the Uni-
ted States in eveiy place wheie the jurisdiction of
the United States extends under the Constitution;
to collect the revenue ot the United States within
the limits and jurisdiction of the United States;
and to do all and every act in all and every
within the proper limits of that jurisdiction which
