1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had reached the Pacific coast and the ears of Mr.
Stark within the limits of February, 1861.
But again, I ask the Senator from New York
"whether his mode of treating this witness, his
mode of assailing- his credit, is perfectly on the
square? Is it perfectly worthy of the character of
a learned judge, or a calm and considerate coun-
sel? "Why, sir, that gentleman knows as well as
I, as well as we all know, that there is nothing
which a witness is so liable to forget as a mere
date. A witness will remember the main fact
winch he has observed for a great length of time;
and even at the end of forty or fifty years a man
with a good memory will be enabled to detail
the occurrence which he witnessed, while at the
same time it would be totally out of his power to
recollect the particular date at which it occurred.
We arc not talking about the mere date; we are
talking about the fact whether or not this man
Stark did make this declaration substantially as
the witness has said that he did. The Senator
from New York did not see fit to respond to my
second question which 1 addressed to him; and
that was, whether he had any ground to doubt the
substantia! truth of the statements contained in all
these affidavits. He has not even yet answered
that question. He admits that they are authentic;
he admits that they are all genuine; and he does
not deny, for 1 undertake to say that he dare not
deny, and therefore will not deny, the substantial
truth of the averments contained in these papers.
But T must pass on, sir. So much for Mr. Hull.
Mr. John M. Breck swears—
v> Tliat lie is a citizen of the county and State aforesaid,
and that lie is pei&onally acquainted with llenjamin Staik,
the bame place ; that ju^t alter the reception of the news
of the reverse to the national army at Bail Run, the affi-
ant being at the time standing at the entiance to the Bank
.Exchange, in the city ot Portland, county and State afoio-
saul, did then and there distinctly heai arid see the said
Benjamin Staik, the piesent Senator fiom tins State to the
Congress of the United States, drink a toa^t, in companj
with a well-known secessionist, to the following eileet,
viz: ' Bemnegaid' or c beau legaul.' This affiant furthei
says, that he cannot certain!) -n_v that the r-aid Staik alluded
theieby to the notations icbel of" that name, hut-well was
Ins undoist.inding, nevet having previously heaid the said
Staik u:->e the latter pinase."
Mr. A. M. Starr testifies—
"That he is a le&ident of the eitv of Portland, in said
county and State ; that he is peisonally acquainted with
Benjamin Staik, of said city, and has been acquainted with
said Staik foi the last ten \eaispast; that he ha* heard said
Stark, withm the last two weeks, say thattheie was no Uni-
ted States Government; that he heard said Stai k say at the
time the Piesulent lir&t called for volunteeis, that Jim Uni-
ted States Government could not suppoit an aimy oi thirty
thousand men in the Held tor fix months; that the people
in the loyal States would not Uicfeup the Administration
in tiying to put down this icbellion."
Oh, how mistaken he was, sir! Little did that
unfortunate man, unfortunate in his esfminte of
the feeling of the loyal people of this country—
little, quite too little, did lie know of the strength
of that spirit of loyalty and liberty which, under
God, is destined to restore this glorious Union,
and to bring those vile miscreants who have at-
tempted to destroy it to justice.
Again, we luue the affidavit uf thirty persons
attached to one and the same paper, and sworn to
before tho same magistrate. It is as follows:
" The imder-hrued, each being first duly sworn, say that
they ar*  personally acquainted u ith Benjamin Stark, of the
city of Puitland, county and State afoiesaid, and that he is
well known and genei ally reputed to be an open and avowed
fnend to the southern confederacy as against the Union,
and believe that he siiouid not be allowed to take his seat
in the United States Senate by the appointment he has le-
eeivi'd Imm Governor YVhittakei, Governor oi (Jiegun,and
should be aires'ed a.i <ni.n a* he airives m Washington city
as a traitor and a spy."
The magistrate who administered the oath to
these thirty witnesses himself certifies as follows:
"I do certify that the peisons whose names an* <-ub- 1
scnbcd to the annexed p.ipei and athdavit weio all duly i
sworn by me, a legal justice ot the peace in and tor said !
county, ami that I am personally acquainted with each and |
every one of them, and that they aie all men of truth and j
veracity, and that I subscube to the facts bet forth in the I
annexed athdavit.1'
All of them are cettificd.by this magistrate to
be men of truth and veracity. Mr. A. W. Sweet,
another witness, in a sepaiate affidavit, swears:
" That he is personally acquainted with Benjamin Stark, ,
and knows him to be an avowed li lend or the xnuhern eon- :
ledfiac}'; that he know- this liom poi-onal conveisat.ou ,
with said Stark, and that his language is full and explicit ,
and a4- tiaitoious as 1 evei heard any one uttei. and without I
condition." j
This i.s sworn to anil subscribed before Simiuel i
E. Barr. Then again Mr. Barr, the magistrate,
himself makes an affidavit; which is as follows:
Pei&onally appeared before me, the undersigned, a notary
public of the .State of Ojcgon, Samuel E. Rarr,wliois known
to me to be one of the justices of the peace in and for said
county, and being hv me first duly sworn, says that he is
personally acquainted with Benjamin Stark, and each of the
parties who have made their affidavits before him, and that
he knows them each to be "trustworthy and reliable men,
good and loyal to the country, and of unimpeachable vera-
city, and that the facts stated by them are true, as hp verily
believes. SAMUEL E. BARR.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this, the loth day of
r November, anno Domini 1861.
!> S,J A. W. SWEET, Notary Public.
There is a solemn indorsement. Will the Sen-
ator from New York treat this as unworthy of
attention? Will my friend from Wisconsin treat
this affidavit as unworthy of any attention ? No,
sir; neither of them will. Were this the case of
a charge of treason against the President of the
United States, and affidavits as formally and sol-
emnly sworn to asare these, pregnant with charges
of the crime, to be presented to a proper judge, and
upon that showing a warrant for his arrest should
be asked, 1 undertake to say, if that judge was my
learned friend from New York, he would not hes-
itate one moment in issuing his warrant for the
arrest of the President of the United States or the
Chief Justice of the United States, or any other
person within the limits of the United States, high
or low. It then has some weight, has it not?
Again, Peter Smith swears:
" That he is a resident of the county and State aforesaid,
and that he is personally acquainted with Benjamin Staik,
of the city of Portland, Oregon; and that affiant has had
some conversation with said Stark in reference to the right
of secession of the southern States"—
I desire attention to this—
" and tho said Staik argued and maintained that any State
had the right to secede from the test of the Union,and that
a county or precinct or town had the light to secede; that
there wete no constitutional giounds to prohibit them, and
no constitutional i ight tocoeice them into submission ; and
affiant Umber saith not."
Then follows a certificate, under the seal of the
circuit court for the county of Multnomah, in Ore-
gon, by which these various affidavits, and the sig-
natures of the magistrates are authenticated in the
usual form.
Now, sir, as I said before, Mr. Stark has had
an opportunity to read every one of these papers
which I have read, and to answer them. The
committee treated him with courtesy and kind-
ness. They placed these papers in his hands.
He was allowed to peruse them. He did peruse
them. He says himself, in the letter which he
addressed to the chairman of that committee:
" It is due to myself, however, that I should state that
I have examined all the papers referred to by the commit-
tee, and that 1 find them, without a single exception, to
emanate from my bitterest political opponent^."
lie docs not dispute the genuineness of a single
one of these papers; he admits their genuineness;
but he proceeds:
" While I cannot undertake to recall all that I may have
said in private convocations dining the past twelve months
of earnest and often heated discussions of public affairs, I
do most solemnly declaie that m a forum competent to try
and determine the issue, [ am able to prove the allegations
against my loyalty to be utterly unfounded."
The Senator from New York insists that this
is a very sufficient answer, on the part of Mr.
Stark, to the various allegations made against
him by these witnesses. Here are fifty-one wit-
nesses, all of them respectable, reliable, and vera-
cious persons, living and residing in the city of
Portland, and all of them concurring in the gen-
eral statement that this man is at heart and in
principle disloyal to tho Government of the Uni-
ted States; that he holds that Government in con-
tempt; that he is strongly, fervently attached to
the insurrectionary government established at the
South; and when he is shown the papers and his
particular attention is called to each one of these
charges made specifically, time and place being
given in each instance, what does he say? He
docs not deny the fact; he does not deny that he
said so in one of these cases; but he comes in and
declares this, evasively: that, in u proper forum
he can disprove all that is said against Ins loyalty.
Will the Senator from New York inform the Sen-
ate what, in his judgment, Mr. Stark means by
the woid loyalty3 i have given, so far as I
could, my idea of loyalty; that it means and in-
tends simply to support the Constitution of the
United States m all us functions, at all times, and
in all places, fervently, cordially, earnestly, as a
dutiful son would actin defenseof his own mother,
never for a moment yielding an inch of ground,"
so far as that Constitution is concerned. -By dis-
loyalty, I understand to be implied the reverse of
what I state to be loyalty—a disposition to attack
and overthrow and break down the Constitution
of the United States; to defeat its operations at-
some time, in some places, and, perhaps* in all
places; to overthrow and overturn the Grovera-.
ment; to disorganize it; to get rid of iu That is
what I understand to be loyalty. I see no mys-
tery in it. It is as simple as A B C, to my-un-
derstanding. .
Now, sir, I insist that if this man entertains the
views which these witnesses concur in swearing
he does entertain and has expressed, he is not a
fit person to take a seat in this Senate; for 1 hold
that any person, here or elsewhere, who entertains
the doctrine that one of the States of the United
States may lawfully and constitutionally secede,
in other words, withdraw from the United States,
is at heart a traitor. It is against this sophism,
this false doctrine which has been so long taught
and promulgated by the South Carolina school of
politicians, with Mr. Calhoun at their head—it is
against this doctrine, this fatal poison, this virus,
which has been corrupting the southern blood for
thirty years past, and even longer, that this glori-
ous war is now urged. Sir, we have been told
that even the Gospel on some occasions has been
best propagated at the cannon's mouth; and 1
believe the time has come to disprove that sophis-
try by the use of the cannon and the bayonet, and
that military power must prevent the further fatal
and mischievous effects of such a doctrine, for
they are now carrying it out in practice.
At the time many of the declarations which Mr.
Stark made in Oregon were uttered, he must have
been fully acquainted with the fact of the organi-
zation of the southern rebellion; he must have
read the inaugural address of Jefferson Davis to
the insurrectionary congress, and he must have
known the meaning and purpose of this extiact
from that famous inaugural. On the 18th of Feb-
ruary, 1861, Mr. Davis, addressing his rebel crew,
used the following language:
" For purposes of defense the confederate States may, un-
der ordinary circumstance®, rely mainly upon their militia;
but it is deemed advisable,m the present conditionof affairs,
that there should be a well-instructed, disciplined army, more
numerous than would be usually required on a pcace establish-
ment. I also suggest that for the protection of our haihora
and commerce on the high sens, a navy adapted to those
objects will be required."
Mr. Stark, at the time hemade these declarations,
knew perfectly well that a civil war was raging
within the limits of the United States; that Jeffer-
son Davis and his rebel congrcss had raised a
force of half a million of men, and that the United
States of America had also raised a tremendous
force for the purpose of putting down that rebel-
lious military force. I ask you, sir, what sort of
loyalty is that which, at such a time, and under
such circumstances, stands up in the public streets
and declares that it is in favor of a southern con-
federacy; that it is ready to go South, and fight
for the South? I cannot consent to permit such
a man as this to take a seat in this body. "While
I see my own neighbors and friends and country-
men hurrying away to the field of strife for the
purpose of upholding forever this glorious Con-
stitution of ours; while 1 see the mother taking
leave of her only son, and bidding him God-speed,
with his Bible m his pocket, to fight the battles of
constitutional liberty, and* to uphold the old and
time-honored flag; when I see the entire loyal pop-
ulation of the United States rushing witft unex-
am pled alacrity to the field of slaughter, and facing
death even at the cannon's mouth in defense of
this instrument, 1 will never cover myself, as a
United States Senator, with the shame and dis-
honor of suffering a traitor to take his seat by the
side of me in this Senate, so help me God. [Man-
ifestations of applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to move an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. lt'is to strike out all of the amendment
after the words " United States," in the following
words:
Ts not entitled to take the constitutional oath of office
without a pi evious investigation into the truth of the chaige.
And m heu thereof to insert:
But the evidence in the case is not sufficient to preclude
the said Benjamin Staik fiom taking the oath pi escribed by
