2912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25.
Representatives, but in the next Congress will be
entitled to three or four Representatives; yet, if its
Legislature fails to meet, and divide the State into
three or four congressional districts, that State
will fail to have some of the Representatives to
which it may be entitled. It may be impossible
for her Legislature, under the circumstances, to
meet and redistrict the State, and have an election
before the next Congress. Would it not, there-
fore, be advisable to permit the people to do what
they can now do under the laws? At the con-
gressional election held in the State of Missouri
in 1852, the people of that State elected but five
Representatives to Congress,though by theappor-
tionment of representation the State was entitled
to seven Representatives. But before the Thirty-
Third Congress assembled the Legislature of the
State provided by law for the election of two more
Representatives. At the time the regular con-
gressional election was held, there were but five
districts in the State, and the people could elect but
five Representatives until further legislation by the
State Legislature was had. I ask is this legisla-
tion necessary ? Is it right ? Is itexpedient,then,
to pass this bill, if it is intended to deal with the
States which are disposed to return to the Union in
a kind manner?
^Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman has
given a reason which, of all others, should con-
trol the House in the passage of tins bill. I tliinlt
we should only have men coming here represent-
ing districts, so far as the districts become loyal,
and so far as the men in a loyal district may be
able to express themselves in loyalty to the
Union; but I do not desire to see a full delegation
sent up here by a very small portion of a State.
I do not want to give the power to a single dis-
trict, or even a part of a district, to send a delega-
tion here for a whole State. I would not say to
the five hundred voters in the district of Accomac,
who cast their votes for tile distinguished member
from Viiginia, [Mr. Segar,] that they shall have
the power to meet together and on a general ticket
send a full delegation here for the State of Vir-
ginia. 1 am anxious that the voters in that dis-
trict shall have an opportunity to express them-
selves in the absence of an armed occupation on
the part of the rebels, that they shall select their
own Representative, and he shall come here and
represent them, and I will throw no obstacle in
his way. But 1 have no desire to have the other
districts filled up by the votes in that, district; and
therefore I want the House to declare that Repre-
sentatives shall be elected by single districts. As
fast tin u. district becomes loyal—as fast as any
considerable number get together and choose a
loyal Representative, so that we may fairly con-
sider him the Representative of the loyal votes—
1 am willing to go with the gentleman from Mis-
souri; but I do not go with him to the extent that
any number, however few, may meet in any State
and elect a full delegation of Representatives for
that State.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The argument of
the gentleman from Massachusetts is easily an-
swered, Jf the people in any one of the States
now in rebellion which may become loyal and sub-
mit to the authority of the United States, desire
to send a Representative hero, this bill will j#e-
vent them from doing so. It will for a time dis-
franchise the people of the States now in rebel-
lion, if they shall return%o their loyalty, because
it requires their Legislatures to meet and provide
fonedistrictingflie States. A portion of the State
may be loyal, and yet the Legislature cannot as-
Hemble.
Why not permit the people of the loyal con-
gressional districts as now organized to elect their
Representatives ? The laws of all the States, ex-
cept of California, require the Representatives to
be elected by single districts. The case which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
supposes cannot occur until those laws shall be
changed. No State authorizes its Representatives,
except California, to be elected by general ticket.
Let the people elect so soon as a distnct becomes
loyal, aw ihe districts are now organized.
1 he argument of the getilleman proceeds upon
an assumption of facts which do not exist, and he
is endeavoring to defeat the very object he pro-
fesses to desire to accomplish. Let us take for in-
stancer'the State of Arkansas. There are but two
congressional districts in that State; I believe a
majority of the people of the northern district of
Arkansas are loyal; and yet, by the action of the
constituted authorities of the State, all the people
of that State are placed in rebellion to the Gov-
ernment. As soon as the authority of the United
States shall be maintained in that northern dis-
trict, the peoplemay assembleand send their Rep-
resentative here, and yet, by the bill under con-
sideration, the State is required to be divided into
three or four districts before an election can be
held, and that requires the convening of the State
Legislature. I have briefly given some of my
objections to this bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr.'LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now redeem the
promise I made to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
I'he motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the adoption of the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose the House adjourn
now, what will be the first business in the morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. This will be the unfinished
business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
rPhe motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 59, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alrtricli, Alley, Asliley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Uciunnn, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Bialte, George,
II. Browne, Bnflinton, Campbell, Cliamberhn, Clark. Col-
fax, Oovode. Cutler, Davis, Duell, Dunn, Edgerion, Eliot,
Fexscnde n, Pranchot, Piauk, Goodwin,Gianger, Hanchett,
Hooper, Hutching, Kelley, Francis W. Kellro>e, Loveioy,
Trowbridge, Vorree, Wadswortli, Wallace, Walton, Wash-
burne, Wilson, and Windom—09.
NAYd-Mcs.br!>. Buily, Jacob B. Blair, William G.
Brown, Calvert, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Frederick A.
C'onkling, lt"-coe Conkling, Cravens, Cristield, Dawes
Delano, flunlap, Edwards, English, Fenton, Gooeh, Gri-
der, Hale, Holman, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Lazear, May-
naid, iMenzies, Morris, Noble, Nugen, Pendleton, John S.
Phelps, James S.Rollin*, Smith, John IS. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin P. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Vall.indighani, Vnorhees, Ward,Webster. Chilton A. White.
Wicklifle, and Wood—46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill.was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. Is that motion
debatable'
The SPEAKER. It is not,.as the previous
question upon the passage of the bill has been
called.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Itwould bedebata-
ble but for the call of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. Itwould.
Mi*. HOLMAN moved thatthe House adjourn,
and upon that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main quesiion ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS'ofMissouri, demanded the yeas
ami nays upon the passage of the biil.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative-—yeas 69, nays 3G; as follows;
1J-IAS—Messrs. Aidrich, Alley, Ashlev,Babbitt, Bakei
Baxter, Deainai}, Bingham, Samuel S. Bliur, Ktake, Geoige
H. Browne, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlm, Olark, Col-
fax, I- redcrick A. Conkl in?, Covode, Cutler, Davis. Dawes I
Delano, Duel], Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Fcnton,' !
Fessenden, Fudier, Franchot, Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, i
Granger. Hale, Hanchett, Hooper, Ilutchins, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Loomis, Lov«joy, Low. Mitchell, Moor-
head, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Tunothy G. Phelps, Porter,
Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Sargent, Sheffield, Sherman,
Spaulding, Stevens. Stratton, Benjamin F.Thomas.Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Veriee, Wallace, Walton, Washburne,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Baily, Riddle, Fr.incis P. Blair, Jacob
B. Blan, William G. Brown, Ca-scv, Clements, Cobb, Cra-
vens, Duulap, Grider, Holman, Johnson, Knapp, Lazear,
Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Nugen, Pendleton, John
S. Phelps, James S. Ilollins, Smith, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Francis Thomas, Vnllandisham,
Voorhees, Wadsvvorth, Waul, YVeb&tei, Chilton A. White.
Wickliffe, and Wood—36.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BAKER stated that Mr. White, of Indi-
ana, had been called home in consequence of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I was out of my
seat when the vote was taken upon concurring in
the amendments of the Senate to the Pacific rail-
road bill. I ask the unanimous consent to record
my vote.
No objection being made, Mr. Rollins, of Mis-
souri, recorded his vole in the affirmative.
GENERAL McKINSTRY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretai y of War be directed to com-
municate to the House all the proceedings of tho courts of
inquiry and of courts-martial in the case ofMckinstry, on
file m his Department.
PRINTING OF PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. SARGENT moved that five thousand ex-
tra copies of the Pacific railroad bill be printed for
the use of the House; which motion was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
And then, on motion of Mr. VALLANDIG-
HAM (at five o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
' IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 25, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.Sunderland.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented two petitions of mer-
chants, traders, and citizens of New York, pray-
ing for the passage of a general uniform bankrupt
Jaw; which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions from
merchants, traders, and citizens of New York,
praying for the passage of a general, uniform
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK presented the memorial of A. G.
Benson, praying for the passage of a bill to pro-
tect citizens of the United States who may dis-
cover deposits of guano; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the petition of
Marcus Spring, praying that the name of the
schooner Sally McGee may be changed to that of
Ocean Queen; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
i-^rA j^P^^ITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a communica-
tion from the Second Auditor of the Treasury
transmitting copies of accounts which had been
received at that office from persons charged or in-
trusted with the disbursement of moneys, goods,
or effects of any kind, for the benefit of Indians,
froni July 1, I860, to June 30, 1861, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 274) to pro-
vide a temporary governmentfor the Territory of
Lanniwa, in the Indian territory, have insti%cted
me to report it back, and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the mat-
ter lie over until the next session of
It was so (jfdered.
