THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
porate in such an indefinite and vague way a set
of men without our knowing something about who
they are and where they live.
Mr. MORRILL. I would say in reply to the
suggestions of the Senator from New Hampshire,
that the personal fitness of these persons for the
place was somewhat considered by the committee;
in other words, that the committee adopted these
names upon the idea that they were suitable per-
sons to be corporators in this bill. But the ques-
tion of personal fitness is not a very important
consideration. If the Senator will examine the
bill in connection with the powers conferred upon
these corporators, he will see that they do not con-
stitute the corporation; their powers all cease as
soon as the corporation is organized. All the
powers conferred upon the corporators arc simply
to advertise, to open books of subscription, and
to receive the subscriptions and call the first meet-
ing for the choice of directors. When that has
been performed, the whole powers of the corpora-
tion vest in the directors, so that before money is
expended, before any of the essential powers of
the corporation are to be exercised, they arc vested
absolutely in a board of directors.
Mr. COLLAMER. These men are mere com-
missioners then ?
Mr. MORRILL. That is substantially true,
so that I think the objection of the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire perhaps is not very
important. If, however, there is any person's
name here who is unfit, on suggestion he will be
stricken out, I dare say. It does not occur to me
that the objection is a very important one. There
are one or two of them to which I will call the
attention of the Senate by and by.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that 1 shall insist
on this objection, but there is more in it than my
friend from Maine thinks. These corporators
have very important powers conferred upon them
in reference to the organization of the company,
and the subscription to the stock, and, in point of
fact, they will control it, and they and their friends
will be the company. It has been so in other
cases, and it will be so here. The objection 1
have to it is, simply that it is loose and indefinite.
But, sir, I do not wish to thow obstructions in the
way. If the committee are satisfied that they have
described sufficiently these individuals, I shall not
interpose the objection.
Mi. GRIMES. I did not intend to say any-
thing about these coipoiations, and I should not
do so but for the remark of my colleague on the
committee that the fitness of the peisons named
in the House bill had been considered by the com-
mittee. I am unwilling that it should be under-
stood that I have examined into the fitness of
these persons. I do not know the reputation, I
do not know the place of residence of some of
them; and I for one, tis a member of the committee,
did not agree to their names being: placed here.
As I look upon it, I think that when I, as a mem-
ber of the committee, or when I, as a member of
this body,or when this body itself consents to the
incorporation of the names of any individuals in
an act of this kind, it says to every person who
is willing or anxious to embark his capital in the
enterprise and to the whole world, " these are rep-
utable, honest men; if you put your money into
their keeping, they will take good care of it until
such time as under the provisions of this act you
are authorized to act for yourself." Wow, looking
at my duty in that regard, I have thought from
the tunc this bill was intioduced up to the present
moment that it was my duty to inquire patiicu-
larly into the character of the proposed corpora-
tors; and hence it was that in the bill which I
originally introduced 1 selected as commissioners
men of this city who weic known to everybody,
and if their reputations were bad it would imme-
diately be known to the members of the Senate,
and their names would be stricken out.
Now, sir, I do notknow.it depends somewhat
upon circumstances, whether these men are to be
mere commissioners or not. It depends very much
upon hoiv you shall amend this bill before we get
through with it, 1 understand that a proposition
is to be incorporated into the bill, or will be pro-
posed, to require twenty percent, of the subscrip-
tions to be paid m. That money, of course, will
be paid into the hands of these men. Now am I
called upon to say that all of these men, or that
even a majority of them, are the right men to hold
that money and to dispose of it? I cannot, be-
cause they are residents of remote States, of whom
I know nothing, of whom indeed I have heard
but very little, and of some of them not so favor-
ably as I would desire.
Mr. CLARK. I think the remark that these
men are to be commissioners) is calculated to give
the Senate a wrong idea. They are declared here,
in the very first section of the bill, to be a body
corporate. It can only be by limitation after-
wards that they are to be considered commis-
sioners. They may be so; but you start with a
body corporate, and they are to have control of
the corporation.
Mr. MORRILL. What I meant to say was,
that while these persons are corporators, and so
represent the corporation in the outstart, they
have no powers beyond the power to organize the
corporation. That is all; and if Senators will ex-
amine this bill, they will find that all their powers
are exhausted and they cease to exist as corpo-
rators as soon as the corporation is in a condition
to proceed with the work of the corporation. Spe-
cifically they are authorized to open books of
subscription; they are authorized to administer
an oath to subscribers that they are bona fide sub-
scribers. The subscription being full, they are
authorized to call the first meeting for the choice
of directors. The directors being elected, their
powers cease, and the whole powerofthe corpora-
tion is in the board ofdirectors. Thatis the whole
thing; and when the Senator from Vermont said
they were simply commissioners, I accepted the
designation. They are simply to set this cor-
poration in motion; they are not to exercise the
powers that are granted to the corporation. All
these powers are confided to seven directors, to be
chosen, not by the corporators, but by the stock-
holders. Therefore, I submit that the persons
named as corporators are somewhat immaterial,
although I am the last man who would desire to
have any improper persons here as corporators.
There arc none of them personally known to me,
except casually; and when I said that the ques-
tion of their personal fitness was the subject of
consideration, I meant nothing more than that,
from the slight acquaintance the committee had
with them, beyond what I will state hereafter,
there was no question of personal unfitness in re-
gard to them.
Mr. GRIMES. We did not know anything
about it.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, yes; the committee knew
most of these corporators. There is Richard Wal-
lach.
Mr. GRIMES. Hasbrouck; who is he?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know. William A.
Darling is one of the most reputable men in New
York; and I might go on to specify, but I do not
feel called upon to specify in regard to the per-
sons. AH I mean to say in regard to this point
is, that it seems to me no objection lies against
these persons on the score of the power they are
supposed to exercise, for it is nominal, and all
ceases the moment your corporation is organized.
Mr. I'OMEROY. I agree with the Senator
from Maine that as the bill now stands these cor-
porators arc not directors; but there is a propo-
sition to make the corporators directors, and the
bill, as it came from the House of Representatives,
did make them directors for one year; and before
this bill shall have passed the Senate that provis-
ion may be in it, and hence it is a matter of some
importance who the corporators are. It occurs
to me that this bill when it passed the Senate some
time ago, had but a few corporators in it—I think
seven citizens of the District. That commended
itself to the Senate, and it passed without debate,
it came back fiom the House of Representatives
with some thirteen, and a large share of them I
do not know, but a majority non-residents of the
District. Wow, the committee have run it up to
twenty-six, and if it stays in this body and the
other much longer, I think it will embrace half a
hundred, for every time the bill moves it doubles
its corporators. That very fact convinces me that
there is something in the corporators ; that there
is some importance attached to who the corpora-
tors are. I know nothing about these men; but
the fact that they increase in number and change
every time the bill moves, and the fact that I see
men running after this committee inquiring where
they live and when they are going to meet, con-
vinces me that there is some interest attached to
this question of who the corporators are, and I
believe there is. It occurs to me—with a great
deal of deference I make the suggestion—that the
committee had better return to their original prop-
osition, and, I do not care who you select, give
us seven residents of this District, and have them
commissioners simply; but the idea of having
twenty-six men scattered over half the States in
the Union, to be in the first instance corporators
of a road along Pennsylvania avenue in the city
of Washington, strikes me as very strange. In
the first place it is an unwieldy*body; yon are
likely never to get them together. It will retard
the progress of the work of organizing the com-
pany to have these men scattered all over crea-
tion; and then the fact that they have been selected
with so much care convinces me that there is some-
thing in it that I do not understand. I would sug-
gest that the chairman of the committee himself
move to amend so as to give us the original bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say a word of expla-
nation in regard to these corporators. As unim-
portant as they are, I am fearful that some im-
portance will be attached to them to obstruct the
passage of this bill. It is true the Senate passed
a bill in which there were some six or seven cor-
porators, I believe principally residents of this
city. I think it was a good bill. It went to the
House of Representatives, and the House struck
out all the bill except the enacting clause, and sent
back to the Senate another bill—the one now be-
fore us. It was referred by the Senate to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. The question
was whether we would send back the Senate bill
to the House of Representatives, and so get inter-
locked between the two Houses, or whether we
would make the most of this bill, with the view
of-getting some act under which we could build
the road, and thus avoid a controversy between the
two branches. With this view, the committee
concluded to take the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives, take no exception to
their corporators any further than we found they
were objectionable, take their bill so far as we
could, amend it so as to be fair to the public in-
terests, insert such names as any member of the
committee saw fit to suggest as suitable men, upon
the idea that the number of corporators was im-
material to a great extent, and thus avoid the dif-
ficulty of getting interlocked between the two
Houses, and that accounts for the number of these
corporators.
Now, I say to the Senator from Kansas if he
is disposed to legislate with the view of getting a
road, he had better accept this bill. The commit-
tee had no object in the world in putting in or ac-
cepting these corporators in preference to the cor-
poratois sent to the House of Representatives in
the Senate bill, than simply to accommodate the
matter between the two branches and get the road
built. With that view, all these amendments to
the House bill were proposed. I thinktheHouse
bill, as sent to the Senate, was very nearly a close
corporation, shutting out all except the corpora-
tors named. The committee have amended it, or
have attempted to amend it, at any rate, so as to
be fair to the public and to open it to a fair com-
petition. I think the provisions of the bill, as
amended, will be foui'id so.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to ask the Senator a
question, if he will allow me.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. If the committee have sim-
ply in view the object of building the road, why
was it necessary to double the corporators? Will
doubling the number of corporators facilitate the
building of the road?
Mr. MORRILL. I have endeavored to explain
that, Mr. President. The object was to get rid
of the difficulty of a conflict between the two
branches. We accepted the corporators as sent
from the House of Representatives, adding only
such names as any gentleman saw fit to suggest.
Mr. POMEROY. The point with me is sim-
ply this: why add any?
j Mr. MORRII.L. They were added simply
I because their names were proposed. I hardly
j think that an inference of an ulterior purpose
| should be drawn from it. If the Senator will ex-
■ amine the bill, he will see that no injurious con-
. sequences can come from it.
j Mr. SHERMAN. A bill for building a railroad
i in the Distiict of Columbia is one that everybody
j is in favor of, and I believe the Senate is anxious
1 to get a good bill. The bill we passed at an early
