992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
the Constitution, and that he therefore be permitted to take
tlve^oath and his seat as a member of the Senate from the
State of Oregon.^
I ask for the yeas and nays upon that amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, X shall oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate but a very few-
minutes. I have no purpose of making a speech
at all. But I was absent last week when the main
discussion on this subject occurred, and had not
the benefit of hearing it. There is one question
about it I have not heard suggested, that gives me
some trouble, and which I should like to have
solved if I could before I vote. I will state very
briefly my own view of the subject, occupying
but a very few minutes indeed, not intending to
go at all into the question of the loyalty or the dis-
loyalty of the gentleman who presents himself
here, claiming a seat as a Senator from the State
of Oregon. Upon the question that is now pend-
ing before the Senate, I do not think it appropriate
to go into a consideration of the evidences of loy-
alty or disloyalty. The question that presents
itself to ray mina is this: whether, in voting for
the resolution of amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that resolution can be
adopted by a majority vote, or whether it will
require the sanction of a two-thirds vote to adopt
it, or not. The Constitution provides that
" Tlie Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from eucli State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof, for six years.
" No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained
the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the
United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an in-
habitant ot that State for which he shall be chosen.
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of ith own members."
Now, these provisions are all to be taken and
considered together. What is necessary to con-
stitute a person a member of the Senate of the
United States? It is necessary that he shall bo
elected by the Legislature, or appointed, when a
vacancy occurs during the recess of the Legis-
lature, by the Governor of the State; and it is
necessary that he shall possess the qualifications
indicated by the constitutional provision. If he
does not possess them, his election or appoint-
ment will be void—will be a nullity. Eut if he
does possess them, and if lie iselected or appointed,
and accepts, then I apprehend he is a member of
the Senate of the United States, even in advance
of having taken the oath required by the Consti-
tution to support the Constitution of the United
States. I suppose he is, when elected, possessing
the constitutional qualifications, a member of the
Senate, even in advance of having taken the oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
provided he accepts of his election or appoint-
ment, as in this case the Senator seems to have
done. He has indicated his purpose of accept-
ance by appearing and presenting his credentials,
and offering to enter upon the discharge of his
functions as a Senator.
There is another provision of the Constitution,
the fifth section of the first article, that
"Eaeh House shall be the judgeoftheeleetions,returns,
and qualifications of its own members."
Taken in connection with the other two, the
first one I read providing for his election, the
second one I read designating the qualifications,
and this third one declaring that the Senate shall
be the judge of that election and of those qualifi-
cations, and if he has been elccted and possesses
these qualifications and accepts, he is a member
of the Senate even in advance of taking the oath;
and then the question arises whether we can in-
terpose and prevent his exercising the functions
of a Senator by less than a two-thirds vote. He
is a member of the Senate. I do not know that
it matters, when this question comes before us,
whether it is before he lias taken his oath or after-
wards; but whether it comes at one time or the
other, it is, in my judgment, a proceeding for the
expulsion of a Senator, requiring a two-thiids
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN". With the consent of my
friend from Illinois, I can give him one or two
examples that I have found since I spoke yester-
day. Baron Roths.-,laid occupied a seat in Par-
Jiament eleven years without being sworn. He
could not vote; but still he was recognized as a
member of Parliament, and was protected, and
had all the rights of a member of Parliament; and
so with a Jew by the name of Solomon, who kept
a seat for two years, and was recognized as a
member of Parliament; but as he could not take
the oath required by law he was not allowed to
vote, Another thing: the House of Representa-
tives at this very session expelled two members
from the House of Representatives who had never
been here and had never taken the oath, and had
never occupied seats as members of the House.
I think it has been settled, therefore, by every
kind of authority, by the example of Parliament
in the House of Commons, and by the example
of the House of Representatives, that a man is a
member even before he has taken the oath of
office.
Mr. BROWNING. The other provision of
the Constitution upon which I intended submit-
ting a remark is this clause that
"Each House may determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the eoncuirence of two thirds, expel a member."
Is Mr. Stark a member of the Senate? In my
judgment, he is a member of the Senate even in
advance of taking the oath, and he may be ex-
pelled. I apprehend he could be expelled before
he was admitted upon the floor; but to do it it
requires a two-thirds vote of this Senate. I do
not know what the sense of the Senate is, and I
do not know how it is to be determined; whether
the amended resolution offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts is to become the authoritative
act of this body, by the sanction of a majority
vote only, or whether it is to require two thirds
for it. I have already said that, in my opinion,
wo might proceed to the consideration of the ques-
tion, and to the expulsion of the Senator, if the
causes for his expulsion be sufficient, even in ad-
vance of his being admitted upon the floor. But,
in my opinion, it would be the more regular way,
and the juster way, to admit him upon the floor,
that he might have an opportunity for defense.
I express no opinion as to how my own vote
would, be on the evidence before us. I know there
is no man in this Chamber who is more determin-
ately opposed to any taint of treason upon this
floor than I am. I express no opinion upon the
evidence. If the evidence should satisfy me of
the disloyalty of the Senator from Oregon, I would
not hesitate one instant to record my vote for his
expulsion. But, sir, I want to proceed properly
and regularly, and in accordance with the provis-
ions of the Constitution in doing it. I wish to
afford him, as, in my opinion, he is a memberof
the Senate, the privilege that ought to be afforded
to every accused man—the privilege of self-de-
fense. Let us hear what he lias to say. Let us
have the evidence on both sides, and when we
have had it on both sides, we shall certainly be
better prepared to form opinions by which we can
stand hereafter, as well as now, than we are pre-
pared at this moment to do.
One thing more, sir, and I shall not longer de-
tain the Senate. The precedent, in my opinion,
is fraught with immense danger, of the Senate un-
dertaking by a bare majority vote to disfranchise
sovereign States. They send here, as the repre-
sentative of the sovereign State, their Senator,
possessing the qualifications prescribed by the
Constitution, and elected in conformity with all
constitutional and le«ral provisions. He accepts it.
It makes him a Senator. Then what does the Sen-
ate undertake to do ? Why, sir, look at what may
happen in times of high party excitement The
case which I am about to suppose is perhaps im-
probable; the piobabilities are, no doubt, that it
never would occur, yet it might occur, and I am
notdisposed to make a precedent that would make
such an occurrence even possible. Hereafter in
times of high party excitement, when the Senate
is pretty nearly equally divided, when there are
vacancies of one party and a majority of another
party upon the floor, when they are desiring to
perpetuate their power and to keep from their
midst all who differ with them in political senti-
ment, Senators of opposite politics are sent here,
and what do they do ? By a majority vote they
prevent them from taking their scats in the Cham-
ber, whereas if they were admitted upon the floor
they could not expel them, because, while they
woie a majority, they were not two thirds. They
could furnish no two-thirds vots to the expulsion
of a Senator, but by a majonty vote they could
deny him admission upon the floor. The prac-
tice is one that is capable of immense abuse, im-
mense wrong; and one which it is within the range
of possible things might at some time or other l3e
used for the worst purposes of tyranny. I am not
willing to aid in establishing such a precedent.
I think, sir, we ought to admit the member
upon the floor. If this is a proceeding for his ex-
pulsion, as I think it is, before the question of his
expulsion is acted upon we ought to admit him
and hear what his defense against the charge is. I
believe that is all that I desire to say. If the ques-
tion is now put, as I have already said, without
intending to indicate how I shall vote on the ques-
tion when it comes here, of expulsion, after I have
heard the evidence and the defense, I shall at pres-
ent vote against the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. I submit, as a modification of
the amendment to the amendment, to which I ask
the assent of the Senator from Kentucky, that
these words may be added to the amendment he
has submitted:
Until such time satisfactory evidence can be procured
of the tiuth or falsehood of such charges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky adopt that as part of his amend-
ment?
Mr. DAVIS. I do, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky as proposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
will again be read as modified.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that all the different
propositions will be read, beginning with the prop-
osition of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
first read the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr SUMNER. If the Chair will excuse me,
it would be better to begin with the original res-
olution reported by the committee; then my prop-
osition of amendment; and then the propositions
of the two Senators afterwards.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
so readr
The Secretary. The resolution reported by
the committee, is as follows:
Resolved^ That Benjamin Stark, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator ot that State by the Governor thereof, is entitled
to take the constitutional oath of office.
It is proposed by Mr. Sumner to amend that
resolution by striking out all after the word
"thereof,"in the following words, " is entitled to
take the constitutional oath of office," and to in-
sert in lieu thereof:
And now charged withHisloyalty by the affidavit5? of many
citizens of Oregon, and also by a letter addie&sed to the
Secrctaiy of State, and signed by many citizens of Oregon,
some of whom hold public trusts under the United States,
is not entitled to take the constitutional oath of office with-
out a previous investigation into the truth of the charge.
It is proposed by Mr. Davis to amend the
amendment submitted by Mr. Sumner, by strik-
ing out all after the words " United States," in
the following words:
Is not entitled to take the constitutional oath of office with-
out a ptcvious investigation into the truth of the chaige.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
But the evidence in the case is not sufficient to pteclude
the said Benjamin Stark from taking the oath presenbed by
the Constitution; and that he, therefore, he permitted to
take the oath and his scat as a member of the Senate from
the State of Oregon until such timeassati&fautoiy evidence
can be procured of the truth or falsehood of such charges.
Mr. HARRIS. A further amendment, per-
haps, is not m order now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, at this
stage.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to state that it is the
wish of Mr. Stark that the resolution reported by
the committee should be amended so as to refer
back the papers and evidence to the Judiciary
Committed, that they may inquire and report upon
the truth of the case. I wish, therefore, at his
instance, to offer at the proper time this amend-
ment, to be added to the resolution reported by
the committee:
And that the credentials and the papers relating to his
loyalty be recommitted to the committee, with instructions
to mqtiiieand report upnn the chaiges made m such papers.
| The proposition is to swear him in, and then
I refer the papers back. Then the resolution rc-
: ported by the committee is, that he is entitled to
| take the constitutional oath of office, and the pa-
j pers in the case shall be referred back to them,
i Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, we shall under-
