THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDING-S OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2p Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 2G, 1862.
New Series No. 183.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 245) for the
removal and consolidation of certain Indian tribes,
regarding the matter as of great importance, but
theie not being sufficient time to act on it at the
present session of Congress, ask that that also
lie over until the next session#of Congress.
It was 550 ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the same committee,
to whom was referred a petition of citizens of New
York, praying for the passage of laws for the
protection and improvement of the Indians, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
fie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution on the subject of extend-
ing the jurisdiction of the State of Kansas over
the Indian territory, asked to be discharged from
its fuither consideration; which was agreed to. '
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions from the Legislature of
Kansas, in favor of the passage of an act to se-
cure the early completion of a railroad from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, the ratifica-
tion of the treaty lately made with the Pottawat-
omie Indian nation, and a grant to that State of
five million acres of the public lands to aid in the
construction of railroads, asked to be discharged
from their farther consideration, the subject-mat-
ter of the treaty having been acted upon.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas
in favor of an appropriation to extend the lines of
the public surveys over the unsurveyod portion of
the State, and the extinguishment of Indian titles
to lands in that State, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
442) to establish a land district in the Territory of
Nevada, and for other purposes, have instructed
me to report the same hack and recommend its
passage. It is a subjectof some public interest to
the people of thatTerritory, and ought to be acted
on very soon. I therefoie ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to its present consideration?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I object to it. I
Want to offer a resolution.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 355)
for increasing the revenue by reservation and sale
of town sites on public lands, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. CARLILE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 360)
to grant the proceeds of the sales of certain public
lands to aid in the construction of a northern Pa-
cific railroad, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 478) for the relief of certain of the crew of
the ship Nightingale, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the memorial of F.
E. Hassler, praying for a revision of the laws
feinting to landlord and tenant m the District of
Columbia, ask to be discharged from its further
consideration. I will remark that the committee
have had that matter under consideration, and
gave it an elaborate investigation in the early part
of the session, and think no change in the law is
necessary.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
INDTAN AGENT IN COLORADO.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Allans, to whom was referred the bill (H.R. No.
515) to provide for the appointment of an Indian
agent in Colorado Territory, have had the same
under consideration, and report it back without
amendment. This is a bill which has passed the
183
House of Representatives, and which has been
recommended by the Department, and if there be
no objection, I should like to have it passed at the
present time.
By unanimous conspnt the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the President to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, or during Us
recess, and until the end of its next session after
such appointment, an agent for the Grand River
and Wintah bands of Indians, in the Territory of
Colorado, at a salary of $1,500 per annum.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WYANDOTTE INDIANS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
314) for the relief of the Wyandotte Indians, agree-
ably to certain treaty stipulations, and who have
once reported the bill to the Senate with a report
which has already been printed, having had the
same bill recommitted to them, now beg leave to
say that they have had it under consideration and
see no reason to modify the recommendation of
their former report, which is that the bill pass
with an amendment. It is a mutter of some im-
portance to the Wyandotte Indians, and I can
state in a single moment what it is; and if it be
the pleasure of the Senate, I should like to have
it passed now. It seems that by a treaty with the
Wyandotte Indians we agreed to pay them a sum
of about one hundred thousand dollars. The per-
sons who then had charge of the Indian depart-
ment, instead of paying them that sum in money,
insisted that the Indians should take the bonds of
certain States, which at that time weie depreci-
ated. The Indians received them under protest,
objecting to their reception at the time, but they
were forced upon them by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. They have petitioned for relief.
The committee, on examining the matter, were
satisfied that the Government, by virtue of its
treaty, was bound to make good the difference be-
tween the amount of money which it was obliged
to pay the Indians and the value of the bonds at
the time, which they were forced to take. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the Depart-
ment, on computing that amount, first stated that
the difference was some thirty-foui thousand dol-
lars, and a bill was introduced to pay that sum;
but the matter has been very carefully examined
by the Indian Committee, and reexamined and re-
opened from the beginning, and the computation
made, and on the evidence wc find, and have so
reported, that there is only $9,000, or about that
sum, which should be paid. The Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Lane,] who introduced the bill, is
now in his seat, and if there is no objection on the
part of the Senate, I should like to have the bill
taken up and the amendment acted upon.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill must lie over.
WILLTAM B. DODD AND OTHERS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to postpone all
prior orders, with a view to take up the bill (II.
R. No. 521) for the relief of William B. Dodd and
others.
Mr. HALE. I hope no private bill will be
taken up until we have disposed of a public bill
which has been long before the Senate, and which
it is absolutely necessary to pass, or do something
with. I refer to the bill repealing the act for the
suppression of fraudulent contracts. We must
either repeal that act or pass an appropriation for
an infinite number.of clerks. I think public bills
ought to take precedence of private ones at this
sta^e of the session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota
to postpone all prior orders and to proceed to the
consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am satisfied, when the
Senator from New Hampshire understands this
bill, he will not object to it.
Mr. HALE. I have not said a word or a syl-
lable against the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON, it can be disposed of in
a very few minutes, and is so manifestly just that
I am satisfied the Senator from New Hampshire
will not oppose it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 521) for the relief of William
B. Dodd and others. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay out of the appropriation to
complete the road from Mendotato the Big Sioux
river, contained in the act approved March 3,1855,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1856, and for other purposes," into the
hands of Horace Austin, of St. Peter, Minnesota,
who is hereby appointed a commissioner to dis-
pose of the same, the sum of $3,270, the same
having been estimated for in the appropriation,
and being for completing a part of the road, to be
paid out by him as follows, to wit: the commis-
sionershall give notice to all persons havingclaims
against William B. Dodd for labor or materials
furnished in the construction of the road, by pub-
lication m a newspaper of general circulation in
the neighborhood wheie the road is situated, for
ninety days, and by posting written or printed no-
tices in three public places in each county through
which the road passes, to present and prove their
claims within tife ninety days; and all such claims,
so piesented and proved within the time limited,
he shall pay to the parties respectively, and the
residue, after the liquidation of such claims, and
the payment of the expenses of this commission,
he shall pay to William B. Dodd.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal the
act passed at the present session of Congress to
organize an Agricultural Department.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 93) in relation to contracts with the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TEN EYCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 94) to change the name of the
schooner Sally McGee to that of Ocean Queen;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
CLERK OF TIIE PACIFIC RAILROAD COMMITTEE.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am authorized by the
committee on the Pacific railroad to report a res-
olution; and I ask that it be considered now:
Rcsolced, That there be paid to the cleik of the special
committee on the Pacific railroad six dollars per iliem, to
commence trom the fiist Monday of December last, until
the 24th of Jtme instant, out oi the contingent fund.
The resolution was read a first and second time.
Mr. HALE. 1 think it ought to be referred to
the Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the gentleman who has been acting as
clerk to the committee desires to leave the city on
his way to California to take the next steamer. I
think there can be no objection to it. The com-
mittee are unanimously m favor of it.
Mr. HALE. 1 have not a word to say against
it; but I think it is an evil example to allow a se-
lect committee without leave to employ a clerk,
and then on their motion to pay him during the
whole session.
Mr. McDOUGALL. He was employed by-
leave of the Senate. I introduced the resolution.
Mr. HALE. "When was the leave granted?
Mr. McDOUGALL. At the commencement
of the fission.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution be re-
