994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to suggest an
amendment of a single word, so that the resolu-
tion shall contain what is said in the report, that
there may be no mistake on the question whether
this vote of the Senate shall in any way be res
judicata and a bar to any subsequent proceeding.
The report of the committee is, that " without
expressing any opinion as to the effect of the pa-
pers before them upon any subsequent proceed-
ings in the case5'—that is stated in the report but
• not mentioned in the resolution. I desire to add
at the end of the resolution the words, " without
prejudice to any subsequent proceedings in the
case." Then we shall know that this decision is
not to be taken as res judicata in any subsequent
proceeding.
Mr. HALE, t hope the amendment will not
be adopted. If we are going to put that part of
the report in, I hope the whole will go in. If this
proceeding means anything, it means what the
resolution says, and it is the resolution the com-
mittee have imported, and I hopr it will not be
amended by putting into it any part of the report.
We can all judge what it means for ourselves.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 1G.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read as amended.
The Secretary read, sis follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark of Oregon, appointed a
Senator of that State by the Governor thereof, is entitled to
take the constitutional oath ot office, without piejudiee to
any further proceedings in the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin has proposed the amendment just adopted,
in order that no one shall be precluded by the ac-
tion which is now to be taken by thoSenate. Every
one will judge of that for himself. In my opinion,
this resolution, if it passes, is the end of the ease.
In my opinion, wc do pass upon the case by this
resolution; and if the testimony cannot keep a man
out, it cannot expel him afterwards; that is to suy,
the same testimony cannot be used to expel him
afterwards, if it cannot be used to keep linn out.
A majority of th$ Senate have, however, decided
that no matter though a man comes here covered
all over with infamy, they will not look at a charge
of treason or any thing else against him, hut they
will admit him to his seat, though the testimony
against him comes sworn to by, I behove, some
fifty witnesses. Now, sir, although the Senator
from Wisconsin and other Senators may say that
they will swear in this applicant and vote to turn
him out afterwards, I am bound by no such action
of the Senate and shall be controlled by no such
action of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. 1 appeal to this Senate of law-
yers if, this proceeding being had here, it is not,
in point of law and morals both, a bar tp any fur-
ther proceeding? Here is a complaint made, and
evidence submitted before a tribunal having the
constitutional power to pass upon it. They do
pass upon it, and say that it is not sufficient to
exclude him. Then I say that, by every princi-
ple of morality,as I understand, it is a bartoauy
further proceeding; and you may resolve as much
as you please what it is not to be a prejudice to,
I shall feel bound myself, as a member of this
tribunal, by its decision, against any further pro-
ceeding.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to ask my colleague
a question, if he will have the kindness to give me
his attention for a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I ask my colleague whether,
in his opinion, the proceeding m which we arc
now engaged, is a proceeding for the expulsion
of a member of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most unquestionably not.
You cannot expel n man before he is here, any
more than you can empty water out of a bottle
before you have got it in. One is just as absurd
as the other.
Mr. BROWNING. Then, if this is not a pro-
ceeding for expulsion, I should like to know how
it can bar the Senate hereafter from entering upon j
a proceeding for expulsion. That is what I want
to know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall be very happy to
answer the Senator. It does not bar you if you
wish to go over the testimony again; but if the
testimony is sufficient to expel a man from our
presence, I ask, in the name of common sense,
of which the Senator from New York spoke yes-
terday, is it not sufficient to keep him out? If
you say it will not keep him out, in my judgment
it is an absurdity to say it will turn him out.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot answer the question of
ethics submitted to the Senate by the Senator from
New Hampshire; but in point of law, I under-
stand him to assume, as well as in point of morals,
the Senate will be barred by this vote, which ad-
mits the representative from Oregon to a seat on
this floor, from entertaining a motion to expel
him upon proofs subsequently obtained by the
action of the Senate.
Mr. HALEr I did not say anything of that
kind; I never thought of such a thing.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I do not know but that I
have misapprehended the point of the objection
made by the Senator from New Hampshire. I
did understand him to say, that in morals and in
law we should be debarred by this vote from any
subsequent proceedings against the representative
from Oregon. I have only to refer the Senate to
a case which I cited the other day, a case which
arose many years ago, when two Senators were
sent up here, there being but one vacancy in the
Senate from the State of Rhode Island. It was
the opinion of a portion of the Senate that no one
should be admitted, until the Senate had inquired
and determined which was the legitimate repre-
sentative; but it was the decision of the Senate
that the first one returned should be allowed to fill
the vacancy,and he was admitted to his seat; and
then the whole question, with the credentials of
both representatives, was referred to the appro-
priate committee to inquire which had the best
right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlie question is
upon the adoption of the resolution reported by
the Judicifry Committee, as it has been amended
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, CoHamcr,
Cowan, DavH, Fessenden, Foster, "Hams, Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, Kennedy, Latham, McDougall, Nesnrith,
Peaice, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman, Simmons, Ten
Eyek, Thomson, WiHey, and WiUon of Missouri—26.
NAYS—Mefsrs. Chandlct, Clark, Dixon,Doolittle, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howard. King, Lane; of Indiana,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wiimot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19.
So the resolution was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT administered to Mr.
Stark the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and he took his seat in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 233) to establish an additional judi-
cial district in the State of New York, and in rela-
tion to the courts of the United States in said
State;
A hill (No. 258) to regulate the time of holding
the courts of the United States for the district of
Kentucky, and for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 260) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1863.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 20th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 156) making appropriations
for the construction, pi enervation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense,
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862; and
An act (H. R. No. 286) making an appropria-
tion to illuminate the public buildings.
And that on the 25th instant he had approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 2U9) making additional ap-
propnations for the support of the Army for the
year ending 30th June, 1862; and
An act (H. R. No. 240) to authorize the issue
of United States notes and for the redemption or
funding thereof and for funding the floating debt
of the United States.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
# The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S. No.
212) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue certificates of indebtedness to public credit-
ors; which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 154)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the followi^ report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes oi
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. 11. No.
154) making appiopriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending the 30th of
June, 186-2, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to reeommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows :
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agieeinent to the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth,
sixteenth, and eighteenth amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the Senat«, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: strike out of said amend-
ment, in line three, the words " one thousand," and insert
in hnu thereof "five hundred."
That the Senate concur m the amendment of the House
to the thirteenth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to the Senate's seventeenth amendment, with the follow-
ing amendment^ • stuke out, in lines one and two of said
amendment, the words " ui the expenditures of," and insert
the words " of appropriation for repairs of the Capitol made
byand add, at the end of said House amendment, the
following:
" To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay
for the purchase and lepan of plate, and repair of gas fit-
tings for the President's House, $2,613."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
twentv-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with the following amendments: in line throe, of
said amendment, strike out the word "sell," and insert
" lease;" and in line six, after the word " notice," insert
"thereof;" and strike out in lines six and seven, the fol-
lowing woids : " of the time, place, and terms of sale," and
insert m line ten, after the word " authorized," u to use it
for the sick and wounded soldiers of the United States oi."
JAMES ALFRED PEARCE,
J. li. DOOLITTLE),
DANIEL CLARK,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS!
E. P. WALTON,
CHARLES R. TRAfN,
Managers on the fart of the House.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Iowa took
some interest in the last amendment named in tho
report, and I will state, for his information, that
the House of Representatives were unwilling to
make sale of the Butlington marine hospital, and
although there was a provision in the bill author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to lease that
property, they thought it advisable to amend the
amendment, which, on his motion, the Senate
adopted, so as not merely to authorize the leasing
of it, but also to authorize its use for the sick and
wounded soldiers of the United States, or for
other public purposes, if there are any other ex-
planations which any member of the Senate de-
sires, 1 shall checrfuily'give them.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment that I pro-
posed authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
to close that hospital entirely.
Mr. PEARCE. Authorized him to sell it.
Mr. GRIMES. It gave him the alternative
either to sell it or close it.
Mr. PEARCE. He has that authority under
this amendment. He is authorized not to sell it,
but to lease it, or to close it up and discharge the
officers, or to employ it as a hospital for sick and
wounded soldiery.
Mr, GRIMES. That is very satisfactory tome.
The report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
obedience to law, the returns of the militia of the
United States, and of their arms, accouterments,
i and ammunition for the year 1861; which was
