1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate some bills from the House
of Representatives for the purpose of reference. "
The bill (No. 260) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1863, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (No. 233) to establish an additional
judicial district in the State of New York, and in
relation to the courts of the United States in said
State, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (No. 258) to regulate the time of hold-
ing the courts of the United States for the district
of Kentucky, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to consider and pass that bill now. It is
importantthatitshould be passed promptly; there
will not be one word of debate about it. There
is another bill pending touching the Federal courts
in Kentucky, but this by no means interferes with
that. The courtis now in session, and the judge
is very anxious that the bill should be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be con-
sidered now. I am anxious to take up another
bill, and this should be examined.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot now be considered, and it
will be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SLAVERY IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 108) for the lelease of ceitdin persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia, with a view of assigning a time for its con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that Wednesday
next be assigned for the consideration of this bill,
and that it be made the special order for that day
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF TIIE ARMY.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
now before it, as in Committee of the Whole, the
biil (S. No. 188) to increase the efficiency of the
medical department of the Army, the question
pending beins on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,J to insert the words
" or of the volunteer medical corps in the service
of the United States," in the fourth section of the
amendment of the Committee on Military Aflaiis.
On this question, the Senator from Maine [Air.
Fessenden] is entitled to the floor; he was ad dress-
ing the Senate when the Chair interrupted him at
one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have forgotten where I
was at that time, and not only forgotten that, but
where I want to be, in reference to that question,
[laughter.] I believe, however, that I was say-
ing something upon the argument suggested by
gentlemen who opposed the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, that it might demoralize the
corps; and I think 1 was observing that if so, wo
had been following a rule which, if correct, would
have been likely to demoralize the whole Army,
because, with reference to the body of the Army,
the line itself, men have been taken not only from
out of place in the line but from civil lift; to rank
those who wtre in the service. I think there is
nothing in that argument, because after all the true
rule comes back for consideration, and that is the
exceeding importance of getting the right men
wherever they may be found, whether in the Army
or the volunteer force, to take these positions.
That I think can best be done by enlarging the
circle.
I think on another ground that it is unwise to
confine these appointments to the surgeons now
in the Army, if we so confine them, these high
grades will be filled in all probability by the old-
est men in the service. That wili not follow ne-
cessdiil)-, but in all probability the same rule of
demoralization will apply; for if you confine the
selection to that corps, and you do not want to go
outside of it, the argument will be much stronger
to go according to age and standing m the service;
and if that were disregarded, the effect, in my
judgment, would be much worse than to go out-
side of the particular corps.
In reference to many of these gentlemen who
have been for a long period of years in the service,
and who are, perhaps, very excellent surgeons, it
must be conceded that they have not had the ex-
perience during the period they have been in ser-
vice that men who have been in large practice
outside have had. It must be remembered that
our Army was very small, and the surgeons who
have been long in service in that Army have had
very little opportunity for any extended practice.
Their places are given them for life, and they
have not had the ordinary inducements to keep
up with the learning of the day, and certainly have
not had the opportunities of practice and expeii-
ence and observation that men have had who have
had a large practice outside, in the hospitals and in
other particular. You would get, therefore, in
nsy judgment, a less experienced set of men to
place at the head, if you confine the selection to
the Army surgeons. Our hospital service in the
regular Army has been very limited, exceedingly
so. We have had heretofore nothing like a mili-
tary hospital that I know of, anywhere. Their
practice has been confined to the soldiers, and the
number of soldieis has been very small, not gen-
erally more than one company, or one or two
companies together at one place, as my friend
from Iowa suggests. I have said that the Army
surgeons, having their places for life, had less
inducement to improvement, and they have had
fewer opportunities to improve, than surgeons
m civil life. Then how could they make so good
surgeons as those who have been educated out-
side, who have had access to hospitals, who have
had large piactice, and are, therefore, necessaiily
much more competent for the services that are
required of them at the present timer In my
judgment, that would necessnrily be the effect.
The argument has been used by the Senator
from Illinois [Air. Browning] and by some oth-
ers, that the gentlemen who have gone into the
volunteer service as brigade surgeons, for in-
stance, men of eminence many of them, do not
desire this position. Why should they not do-
sire it? If it is to be a temporary matter, (and I
trust it may be; otherwise, I should agree with
my friend from Iowa and vote against this bill,)
if it is to last just so long as the war lasts, they
have entered for the war, they mean to serve dur-
ing the war, they do not mean to leave their field
of action until the necessity for their presence no
longer exists; and why should it be assumed, for
it is a mere assumption, that these gentlemen will
not like these positions of high trust and honor?
It is the meie&t assumption in the world. Is any
Senator here authorized to speak for this body of
surgeons? Is he authorized to.say that the men
most eminent and best qualified for these places,
do not desire them, or will not take them, and
that they will be left to be hustled for by men
who would be unfit or who would seek them from
unworthy motives? I think that is doing injus-
tice. I happen to know one surgeon; I cannot
answer positively for him; but I can state what
he is. Pie w^s educated in my State, and stood
among the very first men in the profession in it.
Ho went South on account of the health of one
of his family, f<nd he went out of practice to a
very considoi able extent for two or three years;
but he studied while he was theie the diseases of
the South, particularly in his own neighborhood.
When the rebellion broke out, he was driven
away from the State where he then icsided, and
lost what propei ty he had there. 1 recommended
him foi appointment as a bugade surgeon. lie
came heie and went before the bomd. After the
examination which was had was gone through
with, that same day,contraiy to their usual cus-
tom, such were his eminent qualifications, that
they reported him at once, and leconimended his
immediate appointment, and next day he icceived
his commission and went into service simply on
account of his eminent fitness, which was ex-
hibited to everybody who made the examination,
He was not in practice when he went there; he
had not been for two or three yeais. What has
! he to return to ? I have not heard from him since;
! but is there any reason why a gentleman of that
| position, of that eminence, of that ability, should
not be willing to take a post under this bill, if it
was offered to him; and is there any reason why
he should not accept and receive it just as well
as an Army surgeon, if it is to be only a tempo-
rary matter? I see no reason. I suppose the same
reasoning applicable to him is applicable toa great
many others, for I presume he is not a single in-
stance. Therefore I say, if you want good offi-
cers enlarge your circle. If you want the best
men you can get—and you do want them, or else
the bill ought not to pass at all—do not confine
the selection to a little knot of mentmany of whom
have not had the experience they should have had
for the last fifteen or twenty years they have been
in the Army, but enlarge it, throw it open to the
distinguished gentlemen who have volunteered
and are in the service, and are perfectly compe-
tent and able to render the very best service in
the line of their profession. I am in favor of the
amendment for these reasons, and hope it will be
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. The objection that is urged
against going out of the circle of Army surgeons
is mainly on the ground that it is doing injustice
to that corps of the Army by taking persons, as it
is said, from civil life and placing them over their
heads. It is compared to the case of taking civil-
ians and making them military officers, which,it
is said, is unjust to the officers of the Army, be-
cause they, entering the service as it is presumed
for life, and becoming acquainted with their pro-
fession, are entitled to the promotion which may
come to them, and ought not, under such circum-
stances, to be kept in junior positions by placing1
over their heads men from civil life to positions
above them. There is force in that objection as
applied to military officers, and I should not or-
dinarily be prepared to confirm appointments from
civil life in the military service of the country over
those who were in the service and whose promo-
tion was thus delayed by such acticrti. But, sir,
the position of military officers as compared with
civilians, and the position of Army surgeons as
compared with those who are not Army surgeons
is not analogous; for while it requires, unques-
tionably, particular education, particular knowl-
edge, particular training to make a man a good
officer in the Army, to fit him to command troops,
which does not belong to a civilian in ordinary
life, it docs notby any means follow thatan Army
surgeon requires or attains knowledge which does
not belong to other men in the profession in civil
life. The Army surgeon, itis true, is called upon
to prescribe for " the ills which flesh is heir to"
as they affect soldiers, as a general thing; but their
diseases are like the diseases of other men. There
is nothing to distinguish the diseases of "soldiers,
particularly from the diseases of men in other
walks of life. The cases of surgery in the Army
are like cases of surgery in common life. A man
who is well fitted as a physician and surgeon in
common life, is well fitted for an Army surgeon;
and, as has been well remarked, those surgeons
in common life who have had a wide and exten-
sive practice have seen much more practice than
our most experienced Army surgeons who have
devoted themselves to theirprofessioninthe Army.
They arc accustomed to treat and to see the treat-
ment of disease on a much larger scale than those
who are connected with the Army as surgeons,
and there is no reason why they should be ex-
cluded. I shall not take up the time of the Senate
upon the question; but it seems to me that there
is no reason for lestnctmg the appointments in
this bill to the surgeons of the Army proper.
Mr. RICE. I am not going to enter upon a dis-
cussion of this matter now, but I wish to call the
attention of Senators to one fact. Since the form-
ation of this Government it has been a gi;eat prin-
ciple, controlling every Administration and every
Congress, to keep politics out of the Army. If
this amendment, however, prevails, the appoint-
ments to be made will be more oi less through
political influence. To show how careful Con-
gress has been heretofore m regard to this matter,
I may state that any medical officer of the proper
age can come before a medical board, and if he
passes the examination, he is put down upon the
list, and he is entitled to the very first vacancy that
occurs, and there is no politics about it. Every
effort has been made heretofore to prevent politics
from enteung into the Army, and if there ever
was a time when it should be kept out, that time
is the present. If you open the medical corps in
