J862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2915
siantially the very thing that is required to be done
by the law which is sought to be repealed. If the
Senator from Pennsylvania will listen to me one
moment, I will state to him what I understand to
be the regulation and the law on the subject.
Whenever anything is to be supplied to that De-
partment and a contract is closed, the contract is
reduced to writing; the original contract is copied;
a copy is retained in the Navy Department, and
the original sent to the Fourth Auditor, who has
the auditing of all the Navy accounts; and there
the original contract can be found. There is a law
of Congress which requires the Navy Department
to cause a statement annually of every contract
that is entered into by that Department with any
individual to be published with the annual returns
of the Department. Nor is that all: the law goes
on and requires them to publish all the offers to
contract, every proposal that is made. I hold in
my hand a report of the Secretary of the Navy
showing: every proposition that has been made by
any citizen to contract with that Department, so
that you know exactly the date, the amount pro-
posed to be contracted, the value which is to be
contracted 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him if he refers to the fifth section of the act
of 1308?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I think it was subse-
quent to that.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to see the law.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will see in every
annual report of the Secretary of the Navy such a
statement as this made: a tabular statement of all
the contracts and of all the offers to contract. Now,
what does the law, which is sought to be repealed
by the bill introduced by the Senator from New
Hampshire, require? That the Secretary shall not
only make a tabular statement of these contracts
and a tabular statement of all the propositions to
contract, but thatall these contracts shall be writ-
ion out verbatim, and shall be handed over to this
Bureau of Returns. This is only piling Pelion upon
Ossa. It is only requiring to be done every thirty
days what is already required to be done by a
law of Congress in the annual report of the Sec-
retary. The Secretary tells us that it will cost in
his Department $12,500 to perform this duty, and
asks us to make an appropriation to that extent
in order to meet these additional expenses.
Now, sir, if it would be a chcck upon frauds, I
think there is no man in this body who would be
more anxious to allow the law to stand than I
would; but I cannot conceive that it will be of the
slightest advantage to theGovernment. The truth
is, the frauds are not perpetrated in the contract.
They are perpetrated in the execution of the con-
tract, not in the contract. Nobody is going to dis-
cover any very palpable, gross frauds in the writ-
ing itself; but it is in the method and manner of
its execution, and that depends on whether it shall
be honestly or dishonestly construed and carried
out; it depends upon the honor and honesty of
the man who is to see that it is executed.
But, Mr. President, I ought to say in reply to
the suggestion that was made the other day, that
the chiefs of the Departments, or any of the sub-
ordinates of the Departments, were seeking the re-
peal of this law, that the Senator who made that
statement isaltogether mistaken. The Secretary
of the Navy has not proposed that this law should
be repealed. He has merely sent a communica-
tion to the Senate asking that an appropriation
shall be made to carry the law into effect. When
that letter came before the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and they were thoroughly informed as to
what was already required of that Department, and
wiiat would he required under this new law, they
thought it #ould be more advisable to repeal the
law, so far as it related to the Navy Depai tment,
and save $12,500, than it would be to appropriate
that amount, and authorize the employment of ten
or twelve additional clerks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. I do not think the provisions
as .stated by the Senator from Iowa, now existing
m the laws, will remedy the mischief. That mis-
chief was, that it was difficult to see copies of con-
tracts made by the Government; and hence the
Government itself, the contracting officers, and the
public at large, were always more or less labor-
ing under a delusion as to the true character of
the contracts. Persons who were disappointed in
obtainingcontracts went abroad through the coun-
try and misrepresented matters, and caused a great
deal of excitement, clamor, and even scandal,
which really had no foundation. It was.the ob-
ject of the Committee on the Judiciary, who pre-
pared this law originally, to establish this office of
returns, and to make a place where anybody de-
siring to know the truth in relation to Govern-
ment contracts could go and procure that informa-
tion; see the copy of thccontractgratis; or, if they
desired to have an additional copy themselves, it
could be made there, and they were to pay for it.
Now, as to the additional amount of writing
which it.would require to be done, I take it it
would be very small after all that has been said
about it. A copy of the contract actually made
was all the copy that was required to be filed in
this ReturnsOffice,and all additional papers such
as bids, proposals, and advertisements for bids
and proposals, were to go there en masse; they
themselves were to go, not copies of them; and
therefore copies would not have to be made. It
would be very easy at the time the Departments
of the officers are making those contracts, to have
blank forms which could be filled up readily on
the instant, and have all the contracts duplicated.
It seems, however, that the Navy Department
would have to provide a triplicate because they
send the original to the Auditor and keep a copy
for themselves at the office; that is all right enough;
and then they would require a third copy to go to
the Returns Office. In ninety-nine out of every
one hundred of the contracts made by these De-
partments they might be all printed with the ex-
ception of a very small amount of writing, because
I suppose most of the language of these contracts
is merely formal, and I presume, in ninety-nine
out of every one hundred of the contracts made
by the Government, there need not be in hand-
writing more than twenty words in each contract.
All the rest might be done through a printed form
and with but little more labor than is now required.
Still, I think there is great force in the objection
that by the terms of the law which is sought to
be repealed here, they would be obliged to expose
contracts not lit for the eye of the public, and
therefore I propose an amendment which excepts
those contracts from the law, and it will give the
Departments enlarged discretion in that behalf. If
they think it is not proper to send a contract to
the Returns Officc, they will retain it, and there is
an end of it.
I am satisfied further, Mr. President, that we
never will check frauds on the Government, and
what is quite as great a mischief, the imputation
of fraud, unless some such expedient as this is
resorted to. It is not enough that we correct the
actual frauds on the Government, but it is most
important that we keep the Government from be-
ing charged with frauds. How is it now? Half
a dozen men are disappointed in gettinga contract,
and they immediately go abroad throughout the
country everywhere, and assert a false statement
of the actual contract made, misrepresent it, set
everybody together by the ears as to the enormity
of the transaction. Well, when you examine it,
what is it? It is perfectly fair and right and hon-
est, and all this has been merely the imagination ;
of the disappointed person who would have liked
to engage in the contract.
We thought that by means of this office all this
might be prevented, because if a man should then
tepresent anything about a fraudulent contract,
the listener would have a right to say to him,
" have you got a copy of it; have you been to the ^
Returns Office and seen the contract; seen that it
was made as represented, and if it was so mon-
strous as is alleged; have you got a copy of it?"
These are obvious questions, questions that I ,j
think would be asked by all prudent people, and
if they wcie not answered satisfuctouly, the tale \>
would fall to the ground, as it ought, and I am
satisfied that nine out of every ten of the stories *
that are in circulation, and of the charges that are '<
made, are utterly groundless and without any ;
foundation; but there is no way of ascertaining it j
now, and people are wandering about m a mist,
and harboring suspicions, when they have no |
means of ascertaining whether they are well j
founded or not. If the law which we have passed
shall be carried into operation, I think it will re-*>
lieve the country of that mischief, affoid to all peo-
ple the ^neans of detecting at any time if a fraud
has really been committed, or what is almost of
equal value-r-detecting if anybody is misrepre-
senting Government officers, and alleging fraud
when none has been committed.
Mr. TEN EYGK. I am in favor of repealing
this law. It is precisely the same bill which was
enacted into a law at our last session, and which
we repealed upon five minutes' notice, having the
facts stated to us from the Quartermaster General
of the operation of that bill, and the utter imprac-
ticability of it. It has been said that we reversed
our action last summer very hastily and unrea-
sonably under the influence or dictation of the
Quartermaster General; but I do not think so.
The same bill was introduced before the Judiciary
Committee at this present session, and it hung"
there for a long while for the reasons that have
been stated. We desired to get some information
from the Departments as to the practicability of
the measure. It has been stated that the War
Department did not respond to applications made
to it on the part of the committee as readily as the
committee supposed it ought to have done. It has
been stated, also, that the Navy Department failed
to respond; but it was subsequently ascertained
that they never had been asked for their opinion
upon the subject.
The bill which was passed had a majority of
the Judiciary Committee in its favor. It was re-
ported to the Senate and passed when I had no
knowledge of it; passed without the notice of the
Senate; passed in the regular order of business
without any attention being called to it, and with-
out any examination or investigation. I am op-
posed to that bill, because, at the same time that I
profess to be as much opposed to fraud and the
perpetration of fraud, and to be as anxious for its
disclosure and punishment as any other man, I
believe that bill isperfectlyimpiacticable,and that
it will hamper the conduct of the Army and the
management of the war. I believe that bill will
be violated a hundred times every day while it re-
mains a statute of the United Stales. As I under-
stand the bill, an army moving cannot procure
supplies to sustain and support it without having
a contract made, reduced to writing, arid recorded
in this Returns Office.
Mr. HALE. And sworn to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. And besides it must be sworn
to befoie a magistrate. It will be necessary to take
a corps of magistrates along with a moving col-
umn, and a scrivener also, to draw up contracts
and have them sworn to, before a wagon load of
hay can be taken as forage for the Army. It is
very proper to have important contracts returned
to an office and recorded, so that anybody may see
them; but it is utterly impracticable for an Army
constituted as ours is, now moving down, I was
about to say, into an enemy's country, but cer-
tainly into a rebellious country, to procure sup-
plies and subsistence without violating that statute
every time they make a purchase or make a con-
tract, and you might as well disband the Army and
send them back across the Potomac, as to under-
take to hamper them and tic them up by that bill,
under the idea that we are about to prevent the
perpetration of great frauds. At least, that is my
view of it, and that is the reason which influenced
me m voting to overturn my action on this bill last
session, when the facts were brought to my no-
tice, and that has been the leasoti which has pre-
vailed with me ever since in differing, which I
unfortunately did, from my colleagues on the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I was opposed
to the repeal of this law when the lepealmg bill
was first introduced. I understand the subject a
little better now than I did then, and \ am satisfied
that the law which is proposed to be repealed, as
it is executed, does not do the least good under
the sun. The Senator from Iowa touched upon
the leal mischief in matteis of this kind: it is not
in the making of contracts so much as in the ex-
ecution of contracts, though it is in the makingof
contracts to some extent. For example^ the quar-
termaster's department advertises for a contract
for the delivery of two or five thousand mules,
three years old. There are not that many mules
three yeais old in the country, and they cannot
be got in the country. ' There is not one mule in
ten that is three years old that can be bought.
Mules, as a general rule, are sold in lots or heids
after they arc two years old. The quartermas-
ter's department advertises for a contract for the
