dm
THE COMxKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
this, way- to_ the influence of politics, if you make
that a political institution, for that will be the ic-
sult of this movement, the next step will be to
open the various other corps of the Army to the
same influence. 1 think it is wrong; 1 think it
will establish a dangerous precedent; and if this
amendment shall be adopted, 1 think not twenty-
. four months will pass before the provision will
be repealed.
Mr. POSTER. In connection with the remarks
of the Senator from Minnesota, I will say that I
do not believe there is a brigade surgeon, a sur-
geon, or an assistant surgeon of volunteers who
was appointed on account of his politics, I do
not believe there is one in the service.
Mr. RICE. I did not say so. I do not think
so myself. I am speaking m regard to these life
offices.
Mr. FOSTER. Then if the selection is to be
made from men who were themselves appointed
without reference to politics, and is entirely con-
fined to that class of men, I ask what reason is
there for making the charge that politics will now
be a test of merit in the appointment of these
officers.
Mr. RICE. Because it is a test of merit now
in regard to every office outside of the Army and
Navy, and always has been.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator at the same time
admits what I have asserted, that not a single man
connected with the medical corps of the volunteer
forces has been appointed on account of political
considerations.
Mr. RICE. I say I do not know it to be so. I
do not consider this a political war. 1 trust that
every Union man has so far lost sight of politics
on this great question as not to let such matters
interfere with his judgment.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment which I
propose to offer, to limit the operation of this bill
to the continuance of tiie present rebellion; and
then all that objection will be obviated, and we
shall come back to the old organization.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 had supposed, until this
objection was made, that this bill was understood
to be confined to this war, and that the appoint-
ments we were now to make were to be made with
reference to that. It was, therefore, among other
reasons, that I urged the enlarge ment of the circle
outside of the Army surgeons, for here the service
is to be performed more out of the Army proper
than in it. Why, upon the principles claimed by
the Senator from Minnesota, he should insist upon
having this service performed by surgeons within
the Army, 1 am at a loss to understand. The
scrvice is to be perfoi nied mainly in the volunteer
corps, because they constitute really the bulk of
the Army. The Army proper is but a drop in
the bucket compared with the whole force of the
country. The whole force is over six hundred
thousand men ; the Army proper is between twen-
ty and thirty thousand—I do riot know the pre-
cise number; certainly less than thirty thousand,
perhaps not more than twenty thousand.
Mr. RICE. About twenty thousand.
Mr. FOSTER. Now, to iimit the selection of
suigeons to the surgeons of an army of twenty
thousand men, when the service is really to be
rendered to six hundred thousand men, is to me
incomprehensible.
Mr. NESMlTH. I believe the present bill does
not contemplate interfering in any way with the
surgeons of the volunteer corps. This bill, I* ap-
prehend, looks to a permanent increase of the
medical foi*ce of the Army, and it is only a corre-
sponding increase of the medical force with the in-
crease of the regular Army winch was made at the
last session of Congress. It provides for the ap-
pointment of ten additional surgeons and ten as-
sistant surgeons. There is nothing in the bill
which will exclude civil appointments fiom the
Army. The only point is that they go in at the
foot and come up by regular gradation, instead of
being taken from civil life and placed over those
who arc already in the Army, and who have had
experience. I do not apprehend that this bill con-
templates any application to the volunteer force.
I think it is intended as a permanent tiling for the
regular Army, as established on its present basis
and with its present numbers.
The bill also provides foreight medical inspect-
ors. Now, whatever the qualifications of a phy-
sician may be in civil life, however eminent he
may be, there are certain questions and certain
duties connected with the office of inspector which
he is not likely to acquire in civil practice. There
are a great many sanitary questions with which
physicians in civil life are not always familiar.
There are a great many questions arising, identi-
fied with the routine of the military service, which
make it necessat y that the surgeon should have
some knowledge of the regulations and of the
usages in the military department in order to make
him a competent inspector.
The Senator from Iowa suggested this morning
that the wishes and feelings of the soldiers should
be consulted upon this matter, and that for that
reason persons should be appointed to these po-
sitions from civil life. He said that men preferred
to be doctored by their own neighbors or those
whom they had known and with whom they were
best acquainted. I apprehend that that whole idea
is. based upon a fallacy, and is not calculated to
recommend itself, at least to the military organi-
zation of the Army, in any way. To carry out
that idea, every soldier must be permitted to take
his own doctor into the Army with him. I know
that in private life, it is very convenient for a man
to select his own physician; but tiie thing is im-
possible and impracticable in the military service.
The soldier must submit to discipline, and the
Government must make piovision for his care in
sickness and in health. The system of medicine,
as practiced in our Army now, is deducted from
scientific experiments, from all the light and intel-
ligence of the age, and from all that has been shed
upon it by former ages. It is supposed to be the
very best. I myself very much doubt whether
the Senator from Iowa, with all Ins knowledge—
enlightened as J admit he is—would to-day be
qualified to select for himself the best physician
in the countiy; and 1 apprehend that if he was
sick he would be about as likely to fare well—to
be treated or to have his disease well treated—by
a physician who was selected for him by the Gov-
ernment as by one whom he had selected for him-
self.
There have been various propositions submitted
to the committee, and, as I stated before, almost
every person who has adopted any particular the-
ory upon medical science desires to interpolate
it into the Army, and have it adopted. We have
had homoeopathic physicians before us; and we
had persons representing' all the varieties of prac-
tice that are in use. The o her day theie was a
spiritualist who desired to come before the com-
mittee, m order to organize a corps of spiritual
rappers to draw wagons out of the mud; [laugh-
ter;] and he said that when they were not engaged
in that, they could be consulted as dairvoyancers.
lie said there were a great many spiritualists in
the Army, and that that class of persons ought to
be piovided for by the selection of mediums.
Mr. CLARK. Did you not hear them?
Mr. NESMlTH. No; we did not listen.
Mr. CLARK. I would have taken anything
to get the wagons out of the mud.
Mr. NESMlTH. This gentleman proposed to
use clairvoyance in treating diseases, and also sug-
gested that the clairvoyancers might be employed
as spiritual rappers to remove wagons out of the
mud.
Mr. CLARK. Did they want to bring it here ?
Mr. NESAUTH. I believe tlnjy did not ask
for any particular rank, hut they wanted rank and
pay both,and no doubt they would take high rank.
People desire to introduce all sorts of conflicting
theories and systems of medical practice into the
Army, and I think if the tastes and notions and
prejudices and predilections of every soldier were
to be consulted in establishing the corps of medi-
cal officers for the service of the Army, it would
be a'>out as sensible to introduce clairvoyancers,
spiritual rappers, homceopathists, and practicers
of all other systems of medicine that are known
at the present day, in order to gratify the caprice
of every soldier who may happen to be in the
Army.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to make a speech,
but I shall vote for thisamendment; and arteritis
adopted or rejected either, I shall move to strike
out ail of the section after the word " selection "
Accotduig to the suggestion which 1 made the
j other day, I want to give soldiers the benefit of
the best medical ad wee in the country, and I do
not believe it is to be found in the Army surgeons
or the volunteer surgeons. 1 want to throw the
door wide open.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Oregon did
not exactly apprehend the drift of the few remaiks
I made this morning. 1 say that it is the duty of
a statesman to consult not only the reason of the
people, but sometimes their pivjudi* es. Now, it
is a fact that a large portion of the volunteer forces,
whether right or wrong—1 think, in a great many
instances, wrongfully—have a prejudice against
your regular Army suigeons. Taking that as the
basis upon which to act, I say that if there was no
other reason for it, it is right to leave the door
open, so that physicians who belong to and are of
the volunteer service may be put in if the Presi-
dent sees fit, and the board of examination that he
constitutes shall decide that they are competent.
I propose that such men may be put in, and come
upon an equality, at least, with these gentlemen
against whom soldiers have improperly, I admit,
in a great many instances, strong prejudices.
Mr. NESMlTH. I am willing to humor the
prejudices of the soldiers so far as the thing is
convenient; but the Senator must see the incon-
venience of the thing. No one medical officer
can be selected, even if he be selected from the
volunteer service, with whom all the soldiers are
acquainted; his reputation must naturally be con-
fined to his own neighborhood. While he may
be very eminent there, and well known in his'own
vicinity, the moment he steps out of his secluded •
village in some part of the country, the whole
Army know nothing about him. After he obtains
his position in the Army lie ceases to be a volun-
teer officer, and becomes a regular officer. The
prejudice to which the Senator fiom Iowa refers
has never been made known to the committee*, no
remonstrance was made to the committee against
Army surgeons. These objections all come from
civil life—from individuals who are anxious to
develop theirown theories and have them adopted
by the country generally. They are anxious to
make the Military Committee and Congtess a sort
of advertising institution for their own notions
upon the subject of medical science. The objec-
tions do not come from the Army. Any pander-
ing to the prejudices of the volunteers would only
satisfy a few of them. If you select a medical
officer from the volunteer surgeons and make him
an inspector, his reputation must naturally be
known only to a small numbei of the volunteers,
who are selected fiom various portions of the
country. The moment he is selected and placed
in one of these positions as inspector he ceases to
be a volunteer officer, the " hail fellow well met"
that had prescribed for their little diseases in a
country village; he is then an officer of the regular
Army and becomes identified with it. He is en-
tirely unknown to the great body of the volunteer
forces; and upon the theory of the Senator from
Iowa, he fails to accomplish the purpose for which
he was selected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident 
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator f.ora
Massachusetts peunit me to make an inquiry of
him or some other member of the Military Com-
mittee. I desire to know whether the adoption of
this bill displaces any of the surgeons in the vol-
unteer service, or at all interferes with them, or
prevents the appointment of surgeons from civil
life in the volunteer service:1 If it does, ! shall not
vote for it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Itdoes not.
Mr. GRIMES. Itdoes not displace anybody,
either in the regular or volunteer seivice.
Mr. NESMlTH. On the contrary it opens the
door.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts a question. Is there
anything in the laws or regulations now as they
exist, which would pi event the appointment of
a homoeopathic physician as a surgeon in the
Army?
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. I think there
is nothing in the laws upon the subject; but that
class of physicians has sprung up within a few
years, and the old organization is not willing to
admit them.
Mr. COWAN. What 1 wish to know is,
; whether there is anything forbidding the appoint-
; ment of a physician from that particular school.
Mr. WILSON,<>f Massachusetts. I think there
is nothing tn the law on tiie subject; but the two
modes of practice being quite different, the ques-
tions which a board would submit to an applicant
