2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,.
delivery of two thousand mules. Gentlemen of
the first intelligence and respectability, largely
engaged in that trade, go and tell the officers that
tfie mules ore not to be had, they are not in ex-
istence; and being; men of common honesty they
refuse to deliver mules of that description. The
quartermaster or his agent, nevertheless, persists
in letting contracts for mules to be three years old,
and those contracts are executed by the delivery
of mules from twenty to thirty months old. Many
of them are under two years'. 11 is a very com-
mon occurrence. In the course of the last six or
eight months, I have no doubt that contracts for
mulea of three years of ago have been executed,
in three fourths of all the cases of such contracts,
by mules two years old and many mules under
two years old. Where is the difficulty ? It is in
theexecutionofthecontract. A faithless inspector
of the stock is procured, and he is purchased up,
literally bought and sold as the mules arc, by the
contractor who makes his contract to deliver the
mules.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask whether the inspector is not really the con-
tractor? He ii the person who accepts deliveiy
of the two year old mules, when the contract ic-
quires that they shall he three years old. The
hill that we have passed is for the very purpose
of protecting the Government against such things.
Mr. DAVIS. The inspector is not the con-
tractor; he has nothina; to do with the contract.
A contracts with the Government to deliver two
thousand three your old mules; B is appointed
inspector, and A buys up B, gives linn so much
money to puna Ins stock that are under aire and
under the standard, mid lie passes the stock. Thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of dollars have
in that way been plundered from the Government.
If gentlemen want to reform these abuses, they
must have honest inspectors. I could name in-
spectors that I am inlbimi'd,and infoimed by gen-
tlemen whose word I believe, have been literally
bought and sold by men who have contracted to
deliver mules to the Government. 1 do not know
any here in this city, but I do in Cincinnati. A
county-matt of mine sent mo a letter to this i fleet:
that he knew that mules had been contracted to be
delivered to the Governmental three years old,
uttd that the contracts had been filled by mules
that were from eighteen to twenty months old.
CONFISCATION 01? REBEL PROPERTY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the d.iy supersedes thisanil all other hills.
The special order is the. bill (II. R. No. 471) to
confiscate the property of rebels for payment of
the expenses of the present rebellion, and for other
purposes. To that lull the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ci.akk] has moved an amend-
ment in the form ofa substitute. fJoth the original
bill and tin' substitute bein^ open to amendment
by way of perfecting them, the question is on the
amendment moved by the Senator from Ohio to
the. original or House hill, in the fifth hue of the
seventh section to strike out the words " ninety
days,"niid insert "one year."
Mr. WADE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Scnute to take up a bill for Ihe purpose of
making it a special oider. I mk that the lull for
the admission of West Viiginia into the Union
be taken up and made the special order for Mon-
day twelve o'clock.
Fhe PRlCSlDIilNT pro tempore. That ran be
done now only by unanimous consent. Does any
Senator object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object
Mr. HALE. I move that the further consid-
eration of the special order bo postponed until the
bill which we have had under discussion be dis-
posed of.
Mr. CLARK. I hope not, unless thai can be
got through in a very short time. The Senator
from Illinois [Air. Browning] is desirous of beii)«-
heard this morning on the sperm! order. °
Ihe 1 llliiSiDIiiNTpro tempore, I'he cpiestion
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr, GRIMES. We must either make an ap-
propriation to carry into effect the law that we
have enacted, or else we must pass this bill. Let
us have a test vote; there is no necessity for fur- >
ther argument. If the Senate chooses to indicate '
its disposition not to pass the bill of the Senator I
from New Hampshire, the Committee on Naval I
Affairs, as desired by the Secretary of the Navy,
will introduce an appropriation to assist in carry-
ing out the law as it now stands. All we wantis
to know whether it is to stand or not. I lake it
that nobody wishes to argue the question any
longer.
Mr. COWAN. Tf that bill is not gone through
with now, I think that perhaps by to-morrow we
shall have an opportunity of effecting such amend-
ments to it as will relieve the Departments from
any difficulty and save the act which it is proposed
to repeal. 1 was not exactly prepared to make
the amendments to-day, but 1 think a little further
time will give me full opportunity.
Mr. HALE. I beg to suggesrthat to-morrow,
by a vote of the Senate, we are to act as members
of the court of impeachments, which will probably
take several days; and besides that, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs have a meeting to-morrow
morning, and if the Senate insists on not passing1
this bill, we must report an appropriation.
Mr. COWAN. The court does not sit until
one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I think it altogether better
to I«■ t this bill go over, and see if provisions can-
not he framed to obviate the objections to the bill
which has been passed. This naked bill, to repeal
the act which was passed someday sago, manifestly
cannot pass without consideiable discussion. *1
am prepared to meet, and, as 1 think, successfully
refute, theaigumeutof the Senatorfrom New Jer-
sey a.s to the necessity of a mngistrate going along
with the Army; there i« no such thing required
under the law we have passed.
Air. TEN J3YCK. That was suggested to me;
1 did not originate it.
Mr. TRU.Y1 BULL. It was suggested in one of
the papers we have received, and I want to com-
pare that paper with the law. It is very easy for
officers who do not wish to discharge their duty :
under a law to find objections to it. " But, sir, I do
not propose toarguathe question now. I merely
meant to suggest that if the law which we have
passed to prevent fraud and imposition upon the
Government is inconvenient in its execution, or
impracticable, let us perfect it; let the suggestion
be made wherein it cannotbe executed,and let us
alter it and make it efficient, and practicable, and
not repeal it in this hasty way. The Senator from
Pennsylvania has turned attention to it, and says
thatby to-morrow he \v ill be prepared with amend-
ments to obviate this objection. It seems to me
that ih altogether the better course, and therefore
I trust the special order of,the day, the business
regulai ly before the Senate, which is of very great
importance, will not be postponed for the purpose
of going on with this lepealmg bill. We shall lose
u great deal of time, lam sure, m attempting to go
on wiih it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to postpone the present consideration of the
special order, and to continue the consideration
of Senate bill No. 350.
The motion was not agreed to.
messagi3 fkom the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ltheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
Viousejiad passed the following bills and joint
iesolu!ions>; in w Inch the concurrence of the Sen-
ate wa-s i equt Nted:
A bill (No. J67) to authorize an additional issue
of United Mutey notes, and tor other purposes;
A bill (Nil. 5*25) in relation to the election of
Representatives to Congress by single districts;
A bill (No. *540) making appropriations for the
payment of the bounty authorized by the sixth
section of an act entitled 1,4 An act to authorize the
employment of "volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 1661, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 545) to authorize the Secretary of
the Fit-usury to appoint a deputy collector of the
customs at Chmeoteague island, in the State of
Vi rginiu;
A lull (No. 547) changing the name of the steam-
boat Charlotte Vandorlfilt to that of William F.
Russell;
A bill (No. 548) authorizing the Secretary of
the Tivdsury to change the name of the steamship
Coaizacoalcos to America;
A bill (No. 549) to abolish certain ports of de-
livery in the Mississippi valley;
A bill (No. 550) to further provide for the col-
lection of the revenue upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers,andforother
purposes;
A bill (No. 551) to equalize and establish the
compensation of the collectors of the customs
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers;
A joint resolution (No. 87) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Dennis Cronans;
A joint resolution (No. 88) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of T.
S. J.Johnson;
A joint resolution (No. 89) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of ex-
ecutor of Lewis Wamngton and others;
A joint resolution (No. 90) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims m the case of Abra-
ham King, administrator of John Mandeville;
Ajoint resolution (No. 91) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Com t of Claims in the case of Rich-
ard Irvm, trustee of the Mechanics' Bank of New
York; and
Ajoint resolution (No. 92) to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of C.
J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, assignees of John
McKmnie.
The message also announced that the House of
Rept escntdtives had passed the following bills of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 242) to change the name ofthe Amer-
ican built schooner Tom Dyer to that of Dolphin;
and
A bill (No. 243) changing the name of the Amer-
ican builtschoonerCurtis Mann to thatofSuonlv.
The messageaiso announced that the House had
further insisted upon its disagreement to certain
amendments of ihe Senate to the bill (II. R. No.
260) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1863, in-
sisted on by the Senate,and upon itsamendments
to certain other amendments of the Senate to said
bill disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the fur-
ther conference asked by the ►Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes ofthe two Houses thereon, and bad
appointed Mr. Cyrus Alduicii of Minnesota, Mr.
Thomas M. Edwards of New Hampshire, and
Mr. Aaron A. Sargent of California, managers
at the same on its pait.
The message also announced that the House oi
Representatives had disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 371) to pre-
scribe an oath of office, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon,and had appointed Mr. James
F. Wilson of Iowa, Mr. John A. Bingham of
Ohio, and Air. John S. Phelps of Missouri, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had insisted upon its third and
fourth amendments to the bill ofthe Senate (No.
171) to reorganize the Navy Department ot the
United States, disagreed to by the Senate, and
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the fourteenth amendment of the House to the
said bill, and asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr, Charles J3. Sedgwick of New York,
Mr. James K. Moorhead of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. James A. Cravens of Indiana, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agieed to the amend ments
of the Senate to the following bills of the House:
A bill (No. 364) to ajd m constructing a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Mis^huri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 391) to punish and prevent
the practice of polygamy in the Teuitories of the
United States and other places, and d isapproving-
and annulling cr-rtam acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah; and
A bill (H. R. No. 425) to incorporate theGuard-
ian Society to Reform Juvenile Offenders in the
District of Columbia.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed on
