1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2917
enrolled bill (S. No. 343) to provide additional
medical officers of the volunteer service; and it
was signed by the President pro tempore.
NAVY DEPARTMENT REORGANIZATION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 171) to reorganize the Navy Department
of the United States, insisted on by the House,
and its amendment to the fourteenth amendment
of the House to said bill.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Resolved, That the. Senale insist upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the House of Repiesentntive=>fo the
said bill, and upon its amendment to the fourteenth amend-
ment of the House thereto, and a<(ree to the conference
asked by the House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That, the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Latham.
ADDITIONAL MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A day or
two ago we passed a very important bill in regard
to the medical department. The bill lias passed
both Houses and is now enrolled and will 2:0 to
the President. The bill was amended in the House
of Representatives; but there is an error in theen-
rolled lull, and our object, is to introduce a bill
with the correction, and have it passed through
immediately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to
introduce a bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No.370) to provide for ad-
ditional medical officers'of the volunteer service;
which was read three times, and passed. It pro-
vides that there shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, forty surgeonsand one hundred and twenty
assistant surgeons of volunteers, who shall have
the rank, pay, and emoluments ofofficeis of cor-
responding grades in the regular Army; but no
one is to be appointed to any position under the
act unless he shall previously have been exam-
ined by a board of medical officers, to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War; and vacancies
in the giade of surgeon arc to be filled by selec-
tion from the grade of assistant surgeon, on the
ground of merit only. The act is to continue in
force only during the existence of the present re-
bellion. Brigade surgeons aie to be known and
designated as surgeons of volunteers, and to be
attached to the general medical staff under the di-
rection of the Surgeon General. Instead of one
assistant surgeon, as provided by the act of July
22, 1861, each regiment of volunteeis in the ser-
vice of the United States is to have two assistant
suigcons.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 187) to authorize an additional issue
of United States notes, and for other purposes—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 525) in relation to the election of
Representatives to Congress by single districts—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 545) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to appoint a deputy collector of the
customs at Chmcoteague island, in the State of
Viigima—to the Committee on Commerce,
A bill-(No.547) changing the nameof the steam-
boat Chailotte Vanderbilt to that of William P.
Russell—fo the Committee on Commerce.
A hill (No. 548) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of the steamship
Coatzacoaicos to America—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 549) to abolish certain ports of de-
livery 111 the Mississippi valley—to the Commit-
tee 011 Commerce.
A bill (No. 550) to further provide for the col-
lection of the revenue upon the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 551) to equalize and establish the
compensation of the collectors of the customs
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers—to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (No. 87) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Dennis Cronans—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 88) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of T. S.J. Johnson—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 89) to confirm the ad-
verse/decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of executor of Lewis Wan ington and others—to
the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 90) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Coutt of Claims in the case
of Abraham King, administrator of John Mande-
ville—to the Committee 011 Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 91) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Richard Irvin, trustee of the Mechanics' Bank
of New York—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 92) to confitm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims 111 the case
of C. J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, assignees of
John McKmnie—to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (No. 540) making appropriations for
the pay men t of the bounty a ui hoi ized by the sixth
section of an act entitled l< An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting public property," approved
July 22, 1861, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title and ordered to lie on the table,
Mr. Sherman giving notice that he would call it
up to-morrow morning.
emancipation in missouri.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following communication:
St. Louis, June 21,1861.
Sir : By direction of the convention ot the State ot Mis-
souri I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of resolu-
tions adopted by that body, in 1 espouse to a joint resolu-
tion ofCongiess upon the subject of emancipation.
I have the honor to be >oui obedient ■servant,
fl. R GAMBLE.
Hon. President of the Senate of United Stales.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask that the resolu-
tions be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Wheieas, the Congress of the United States, upon the
special recommendation of the Pre.-ub.nt, has at it> present
session adopted 11 joint resolution in the lolinwing woids,
to wit: " Resolved, That the United States, oinjht to eo. p-
erate with any State which may adopt a giadual abolish-
ment ot blaveiy, giving 10 sucli State aid, 1,0 be iu-ed m it&
discretion, tocompensato for the inconvenience.public and
private, produced by mk-Ii change 01 system
Be it thoefoie resolved, 1. That in thy opinion of tins
convention tho piopo-itton contained in the said joint reso-
lution, adopted by Congiess, and appioved A. D. ibG3, i  en-
titled, as well fiotn its eminent somen a& liom its mtuusic
impoitance, to dehbeiatc and lespcctful con^ideiation.
Resolved, 2. That while a majority of this convention have
not lelt authorized to take action with respect to the giave
and delicate questions of private right and public policy
presented by said resolution, yet this body de-lies to recog-
nize the liberality therein displayed by the Government of
the United States, and to express it-s profound appreciation
thereof.
Resolved, 3. That the Governor be, and he is heieby, re-
quested to transmit piopeily authenticated copies of the
loiegomg resolution- to the Picsldent of the United States
and tho Presiding OHicuia of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives.
The above resolutions were adopted by the Missouri State
convention on the 14th day ot June, 1662.
AIKMAN WELCH,
Vice President of Convention.
Attest: Samuel A. Lowe,
Secretary of Convention.
Office Secretary of State,
City ot JefuvRson, Mi-sourx.
I, Mnrdecai Oliver, Secretary of State, do heichy certify
that the foregoing is a true and perlect copy of the pream-
ble and resolutions, the originals ot winch aie now 011 file
in tin-? office.
In testimony whereof [ have hereunto set mv hand and
r affixed the seal of otfice. Done at office tins 38th
i> S-J day of June, A. I). 186*2. M. OLIVER,
Secretary oj State.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the resolu-
tions were ordered to bo printed.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. II. No.
471) to confiscate the property of rebels for the
payment of the expenses of the present rebellion,
and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on tho amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to
the fifth line of the seventh section of the original
bill, to strike out the words u ninety days," and
insert " one year."
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Ohio told
me that he would withdraw that amendment, and
would not ask action upon it until the vote was
taken upon the substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent of the Senate only can it be withdrawn,
the mover not being present. If there be no ob-
jection, the amendment will be regarded as with-
drawn. No objection being interposed the amend-
ment is withdrawn. Another amendment was
moved by the Senator from Ohio to strike out in
the same section certain words, and insert other
words, which have been read.
Mr. CLARK. I understood h is intimation to
be as to both hisamendments, because he gave this
reason, that he would not attempt to amend the'
bill until the question had been taken on the sub-
stitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being interposed, the other amendment will be
regarded as withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems tome that the
amendments open the whole subject, and that there
is 110 necessity for withdrawing them until the Sen-
ator from Ohio is here. However, I shall not
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments of the Senator from Ohio being withdrawn,
the question recurs on the amendment offered by
the Senator from New Hampshire as a substitute
for the whole bill.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, we are in
the midst of a war for the suppoit of the Consti-
tution. If there had been no departure from its
principles, no violation of its provisions, there
would have been no war. If all the citizensof the
United States would return to their allegiance to
the Constitution,and submit to its requirements,
the war would at once cease. It could not be pro-
longed an hour. We are in arms against the rebels
because they are in arms against the Constitution.
They are struggling to overthrow it, we to main-
tain and uphold it. This is the theory of war.
The practice should conform to the theory. If it
does not we are fighting in vain. We should keep
the rcestablishmi'iit of the authority of the Con-
stitution and the Government over all the States of
ihe Union steadily before us as the great central
object of our efforts. We cannot succeed unless
we, ourselves, keep within the limits of the Con-
stitution , ami respect and submit to its authority.
When we put aside its provisions, break over its
restraints, and go outside of its limits, we become
co-workers with rebels and traitors in their work
of destruction. If, in the progiess of the war,
the Constitution falls, whether by the act of the
rebels, by our act, or by the joint action of both,
I repeat that the people will have fought and bled
in vain, and have expended theirtreasure in vain.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
in his discussion of the bill under consideiation,
has given expression to such novel and extraor-
dinary views, and has announced, as undeniable
law, principles of such dangerous tendency, and
which, if carried into legislation, will be so fatally
mischievous in their consequences, that I cannot
permit them to go the country, and into the per-
manent records of its history without my earnest
protest against them, in however feeble terms that
protest may be made.
The Senator has truly stated the ends we have
in view, "national unity under the Constitution of
the United States." These ends cannot be attained
by the measures he proposes. If it be conceded
that they would secure " national unity," they
would fail of the other end, to secure it ** under
the Constitution of the United States," for they
would themselves overthrow that Constitution.
TheSenator struggles with difficulties which could
not beset him if his only object was " national uni-
ty under the Constitution of the United States."
This object can be easily reached if we forbear
infringing any provision of the Constitution, or
going outside of it.
But there is another object which cannot be
reached without going " outside of the Constitu-
tion," and assuming and exercising powers not
granted by it; and I presume that I do the Sena-
tor no injustice in supposing him to be more earn-
estly in pursuitof this object than any other. If not,
whence the necessity of quitting the Constitution
and exploring the history of the world, from the
time " when Ahab took the vineyaid of Naboth,
and David gave away the goods of one of the co^ 
federates of Absalom;" through all the barbarisms
of intervening ages, for sources from which Con-
