1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
presented to the Senate. Were it now pressed to
a vote, my name would be recorded in its favor.
But, sir, 1 cannot be insensible to what has passed
in this Senate; nor to what is constantly before
our eyes. We have already on our tables more
than a dozen different bills or amendments that
have been printed. Every morning there isanew
batch. This morning, the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. DoolittleJ leminds me, there are more.
Some of these proceed from Senators who are not
supposed to be very friendly to the principle of
the bill introduced by the Senator from Illinois;
but some of them unquestionably proceed from
other Senators whose loyalty to that principle can-
not be drawn into doubt. There., for instance, is
my own colleague, who this morning offered an
amendment very important in its character, and
going into many details.
Is the Senate ready to vote on all these propo-
sitions, in all their details, one after the other, so
that it may reach tli-e final vote on the bill of the
Senator from Illinois? I have my doubts if the
Senate is ready. At any rate, it seems to me that
it is a bad economy of time to undertake here to
examine and judge all these multifarious proposi-
tions, some of them embracing many sections, in
order to reach that result which I believe a ma-
jority of the Senate is ready to adopt. Owing to
the rigidity of parliamentary rules, it is impossi-
ble to bring the Senate always at the proper mo-
ment to vote on a desired amendment. There may
be an amendment to an amendment, but nothing
beyond. In the familiarity of the committee-room
there can bo no obstructions or delays on this
account. That is the natural place for this con-
sideration of details. If the question was directly
between two rival propositions, or if the number
of propositions was more within the bounds of
ordinary business, all this would be unnecessary.
Sir, the Senator from Ohio says that if this mo-
tion pievails, and these bills are referred to a se-
lect committee, the whole question of confiscation
is lost. I do not agree u ith him. I say the whole
question is saved. 1 believe that at this moment
such are ihe embarrassments by which we are sur-
rounded, sueh Is the maze into which we have
been led by these various propositions, that we
need a commiitee to hold the clue which shall ex-
tricate us. The old parliamentary rule is that a
committee supplies ears and eyes and hands to
the Senate. Surely there never was an occasion
when such a committee was more needed than
now, when we have all these muilifaiious prop-
ositions which need to be carefully revised, col-
la ted, considered, and brought into a constitutional
unit, or, if I may so say, changing the figure,
passed through an alembic, in order to be fused
into one complete bill on which we can all har-
monize. And this I believe can only be accom-
plished by adopting the motion of the Senator
from New Hampshire.
On a former occasion I voted against the pro-
posed reference, and I am satisfied with that vote.
But the circumstances have changed since. What
1 would not do then, I am ready to do now.
JMr. CLARK. I did not propose to say any-
thing upon this question, and I do not "now pro-
pose to speak at any length upon it; butarcmaik
or two of the Senator from Ohio makes it neces-
sary that I should say a word in my own defense,
if I am put upon trial. I understand the Senator
to say that the motion is the renunciation of the
principle of confiscation.
Mr. WADE. I say it will result in that. 1 do
not say that is the motive.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand the Senator
to say that I have that motive, because 1 have
uttered nothing, I think I have done nothing, that
should lead him to make such n statement. I
desire to say, in the presence of the Senate, that
upon no measure, since I have occupied a scat
here, have I bestowed so much careful thought.
Ihe Senate will bear me witness that I have said
nothing aboulit,butday and night, upon all occa-
sions, jt has been the subject of intense thought.
I have never been so embarrassed between my
inclination and the constant hedges that seemed
to be about me. 1 have deMredt, and I desire novv,
to pass an efficient confiscation bill, but I desire
to do that in a way which shall beaccoidmg to
the Constitution of my country, if I can. I have
not abandoned the idea that 1 can do so; T will not
abandon that idea without a further effort; and I
am not so ready to give up as the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio. When we cannot do it in the
Senate, I am ready to try a committee, and to
strive there, and to see if something cannot be
done which shall be efficient for the purpose. I
agree with the honorable Senator that the time that
has been spent here has not been wasted; and it is
a singular standard of measure that my colleague
has set up here, for the consideration you shall
give to a bill, when, he says, so many speeches
have been made, so many days have been spent
upon it. Truly, the Senate will agree that never
was there such an argument'and such a subject
before Congress and before the country as now;
and if we spent twice the days, and if we made twice
the speeches, and those speeches result in a good
bill, I think my colleague will agree with me that
they have been well spent, and that we have done
good service to the country. Then, why despair?
Here arc different measures before us, and almost
every measure has some good in it. There are
some things good in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer;] so of the
amendmentof the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man;] so of the bill of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull;] so of the other propositions,
particularly that of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.] You cannot have them all
at the same time betore the Senate; and I found
myself in this difficulty practically this morning:
here was the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont pending; the Senator from Massachusetts
moved to amend that, and that shut off all other
amendments. I like some things in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts; I could
have adopted a portion of it; but a portion of it 1
dislike. I could not make a motion to cut off a
portion and take the rest. I was put in the posi-
tion of being obliged to take the whole or none—
to vote for it or to vote against it. I did not desiie
to do it. What was the only resource? In the
first place, to ask him, as I did in one or two in-
stances, to accept a modification, and to propose
another which he was not quite ready to accept;
or to take a committee that should consider the
whole matter. The cornmuiee is not limited by
one amendment to an amendment, but it may take
the whole biilsand the whole amendments; it may
pick out of this one what is good, and outof that
one what is good, and so of the third and fourth,
and reject the bad, and make up a good bill for the
country.
Now, I do not despair, let me say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] If we finally fail
and cannot agree, then, like good servants, we
shall have done everything that was demanded of
us, and I think shall stand acquitted by the coun-
try. It is with that earnest desire to do some-
thing in tin* position that I have made this motion,
and with no unfriendly spirit to the measure.
Mr. TEN EYCK. A remark which fell fiom
the Senator from Ohio also makes it desirable for
me, in my own vindication, to sayawoid. I un-
derstood him to state that a few days since we
had a test vote on this vri y question, that the vote
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
to refer the bill from the Judiciary Committee and
all kindred subjects to a select committee of seven,
was a test vote upon an efficient or stringent con-
fiscation bill. I presume the Senator fiom Ohio,
in speaking of an efficient bill, alludes to the bill
as it came from the committee originally, which
included the confiscation of a 11 pi operty ofall rebels
and the liberation of the slaves of all rebels. In
all frankness, I desire to say that 1 do not consider
the vote I gave four or five days ago against ic-
fernng these measures to a special committee, as
being a test vote to bind me.
Mr. WADE. I perceive that I was misunder-
stood by the Senator. I did not suppose it was
a test vote on any particular bill, but I did think
it was a test on the part of those earnestly believ-
ing that they could enact an efficient bill, indicat-
ing that they would do it in open Senate, reject-
ing such amendments and adopting such as they
thought best, but they would not refer it to a com-
mittee.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is to avoid a misappre-
hension that might arise from my vote under the
declaration of the Senator fromOhio, so far as
myself and my constituents arc concerned, that I
de.sire here, to-day, to say in a few words what I
have to say. I wish still fuithcrto be filink,and
say that although I, as a member of the Judiciary
Committee, agiced in the ropoit of the bill from
that committee, I did not feel myself bound as by a
test vote on the occasion when I voted against re-
ferring the measure to a select committee; nor do
I feel myself bound to stand to every letter, sylla-
ble, or provision of that bill. I am in favor of a
confiscation bill; 1 always have been. 1 hope I
may not violate any confidence when I say that,
although I was not the originator of the bill, as
reported by the Senator from Illinois, without my
vote in the committee no such bill could have
been reported to the Senate. For reasons which
it is improper for me to state, there was a difficulty
about reporting a confiscation bill; and as 1 was
in favor of punishing rebels without discrimina-
tion, as I was in favor of putting down rebellion,
and in favor of affording every opportunity of
affecting that object and securing that measure,
although I did not deem myself committed to
every provision, as I said before, of that bill, I
did not feel myself at liberty to take such a posi-
tion as would prevent the matter being brought
before the Senate—a matter new and important
in its character, which might, by the wisdom and
the reflection and the meditation and the sug-
gestions of a body, composed, as it is understood
by the country the Senate is, of wise, judicious,
calm, and discreet men, be matured and passed by
this body in such a shape as would effect the ob-
jects we all have so much in view, and that are so
dear at heart.
1 voted against the reference the other day, and
I shall vote against the reference again to-day,
not because I am in favor of a very extreme, rad-
ical, or stringent confiscation bill, but because I
believe by keeping the matter before the Senate,
now that wo understand it, now that it has been
talked threadbare and bald, we can here and now
do our duty in lelation to this matter, and answer
the requirements of the country in this particular
better than by letting it slip through our fingers
and go there to be buried or postponed in the
chamber of a special commitiee. I do not know
if I were to talk over it a month—and I believe I
have not said anything before—that I could make
myself better understood or explain my position
more fully than 1 have do-ne, and having come to
that conclusion, I resume my seat.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I voted on
the question of reference before, and I shall now,
simply with a view to dispatch the public busi-
ness. I thought at the stage of ihe measure when
the motion was made before, that a reference
would only bring the question back in the shape
of three or four bills to the Senate, and we should
have the whole debate to go over again. I believe
now, from the intimations that are made on vari-
ous sides, that if it is referred to a committee a bill
may be agreed upon that will meet with the assent
of a majority of the Senate, and I think that a
most desirable consummation. I shall therefore
vote for the reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I shall not
vote to refer the bill, and I regret that the motion
has been made and that it now comes from and is
sustained by friends of the measure. I do not
feel like contending with my own friends, or at
any rate being obstinate in regard to the course
that shall be adopted by the Senate. I hope that
we may be able, notwithstanding the reference of
these measuies to a committee, to pass a bill that
will have some life and some vitality in it, and
that will accomplish something. It will be a vei y
easy matter to pass a bill in this body, as the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has indicated, if the friends
of confiscation, those who want to accomplish
something, are willing to dilute the bill down till
it means nothing, and those opposed to it will
vote for it. When those opposed to confiscation
vote for it, you may have a unanimous vote. I
think that will be the tendency of a reference of
the bill. I think, in the effort to be harmonious,
the harmony is to be brought about by giving up
anything that is in any of the bills that has vital-
ity and efficiency in it.
Constitutional objectionsare made to these bills.
They are the chief questions which have been ar-
gued here. Is it supposed by my friend from New
Hampshire, who is kindly disposed to these bills,
that a committee of five will settle the constitu-
tional opinions of fifty Senators? How "is it to
help the other forty-five Senators when five have
unanimously agreed? Senators tell us they do
not know how to vote on the amendments, that
they ate embarrassed by them. Will they be
