1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ferent subject now proposes to withdraw from the
proper reference this bill, and refer it to a commit-
tee which has no just right to consider the subject-
matter. I move the previous question on the mo-
tion of reference.
Mr. ARNOLD. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will permit me to reply to the
charge of usurpation.
Mr. DELAInO. If the gentleman will renew
the previous question.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will do so.
Mr. DELANO. Am I to understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the time consumed by gentlemen on
this subject of an armory is to be deducted from
the time which I had intended to consume on the
contested-election ease from Virginia?
Mr. ARNOLD. I have nothing to do with
that.
Mr. DELANO. The Speaker is aware that
several gentlemen appealed to me to yield inform-
ally for them to present certain matters to the
House. Among other things was the bill pro-
posed by the gentleman from the Chicago district,
which 1 supposed would not occupy a moment's
time. It seems thatthdt was a matter of more gen-
eral interest than was anticipated. The question
is, whether the time consumed shall be deducted
from the time which I was otherwise entitled to
on the subject of the Virginia contested-election
case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that as this
subject came in by unanimous conscnt of the
House, it will not come out of the gentleman's
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is different from
the decision which the Speaker made when 1
wanted to have the bill read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was then on the floor, and had a right
to occupy an hour on this question if he chose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 did not understand
that to be the ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's presump-
tions are not the decisions of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I presume the Chair
always decides right.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, in July last a
committee was raised by the House, on the motion
of a gentleman from Pennsylvania, which was
charged with the subject of the establishment of
a national armory. At the opening of the present
session of Congress the President thought proper
to call the attention of the House to the condition
of lake defenses. Our relations with Great Brit-
ain at that time were such as, in the opinion of the
President, required Congress to give its attention
to these defenses. It was known to every gentle-
man on this floor residing near the northern lakes,
that they had been unfairly stripped of arms, their
fortifications being left without a single gun. So
much of the President's message as related to that
subject was referred to the select committee. After
that committee had been organized by the Chair,
it put itself into communication with the Secretary
of War and the general commanding the Army.
Important measures were recommended by the
Secretary of War, by the chief of the Topograph-
ical Bureau, and by the Commanding Geneicil of
the Army—among others, to provide means for
arming, not only the fortifications now existing
on the lakes, but arming the mercantile marine on
the lakes.
The fact was developed in the investigations of
the committee that the American merchant marine
on the laicos amounted to twelve hundred vessels,
while the Canadian was only about three hundred.
The fact was also brought to light that there were
some fifteen thousand sailors engaged m Amer-
ican vessels on the lakes, while our Canadian
neighbors had only three or four thousand. But
this preponderance was without avail unless there
were meansof arming themerchant marine. The
committee deemed it its duty to report the neces-
sity of establishing somewhere in the vicinity of
the lakes the meansof manufacturing ordnance,
in order to put the lake coasts jn a condition of
defense; and it recommended the establishment of
a depot of arms on Lakes Michigan, Erie, and
Ontario, and instructed mc to piepare a bill for
that purpose. I have just introduced, in accord-
ance with their suggestion, a bill providing for
the establishment of a national foundery and for
naval depots. .Now, sii, f ask simply for the
reference of that bill to the committee which has
charge of that subject. The gentleman from
Massachusetts objects because he is a member of
a committee which has charge of, not a national
foundery, but a national armory.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to say a word just at this point. The gentle-
man intimates that I object to the reference of this
bill to his committee, although the subject of a
national foundery has been committed to the com-
mittee on lake defenses, while it has not been
referred to the special committee on the estab-
lishment of a national armory. Now, if the gen-
tleman from Illinois insists that that is the true
version of the authority committed to each of these
special committees, I would refer him to the action
of the House to show what is the scope of the
authority given to the special committee on the
establishment of a national armoryupon this sub-
ject. Sir, there have not only been referred to
that committee various bills and various proposi-
tions relating to a national armory, but quite as
many bills and propositions, if not more, relating
to the establishment of a national foundery.
It has been ruled in committee—if I may be
allowed to refer to what has been done in com-
mittee—that it was witlmi the scope of their in-
quiry as well to consider the subject in relation to
a national foundery as a national armory.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 am aware that sundry bills
and petitions of the character indicated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts have been referred
to that committee. I am aware, also, that the
original resolution of the House constituting that
committee, did not name a national foundery at
all, but related specifically to the establishment of
a national aimory.
But, sir, I do not deem the action of the House
which is proposed at this time of as much im-
portance as the gentleman from Massachusetts
seems to regard it. The subject of lake defenses,
the subject of the defenses of the northern frontier,
embraced in so much of the President's message
as was referred to the special committee upon that
subject, did speak of propositions to provide arms
and' ordnance for the defense of the northern fron-
tier; and I need not surely detain the House by
showing that to defend the northern frontier re-
quires ordnance, and the provision of that ord-
nance is necessarily connectcd with that subject.
I have no controversy with the committee on
the establishment of a national armory as to who
shall report this measure; none at all. If they
are prepared to report a provision for the estab-
lishment of a national foundery, which will enable
us to arm the forts and vessels upon the northern
lakes, if it shall be necessary to arm them, it is
immaterial to me whether that proposition comes
from that committee or from the committee on
lake defenses. But I ask the gentleman to listen
to the suggestion I made, that while this bill relates
to the subject of a national foundery, of which
the committee on the establishment of a national
armory has taken cognizance, it also relates to
another matter with which they have no possible
connection, to wit: the establishment of naval
depots. Why, then, does the gentleman insist
upon the reference to the national armory com-
mittee of a proposition to establish naval depots.
If that committee will report in favor of the estab-
lishment of such a national foundery, I have no
doubt the committee on lake defenses will forbear
to take any action upon that subject. I care not
through the medium of what committee this sub-
ject comes before the House. I simply now de-
sire that the committee on lake defenses, which
have given to that subject a very careful consid-
eration, who have taken the advice of the War
Departmentupon thesubject,should have referred
to trhem a bill which has been presented to the
House in accordance with their suggestion. I
submit that the mere question of form, whetfier
this bill shall bo referred to one committee or the
other, can in no manner interfere with the action
of that committee, and I trust that there will be no
more controversy on the subject, it is a matter of
ordinary courtesy, that the member introducing
the bill may have it referred to the committee
which he desires; and especially as the other com-
mittee, which seeks to obtain possession of it, have
no possible jurisdiction over one of the subjects
embraced in the bill.
Mr. SPAULDlNGr. IV the gentleman will al-
low me for a moment, J wish to state thatitseems
to me this is so plain ac&se that it does not admit
of any very great debate. The guns on the north-
ern frontier have all been taken off to the Missis-
sippi. There is not a gun at one of the northern
forts, and it is absolutely necessary that some
guns should be cast for that purpose. And why
the gentleman from Massachusetts should oppose
so plain a proposition as this, I cannot under-
stand. The establishment of a national foundery
at Chicago is absolutely necessary.
Mr. OLIN. Will my colleague yield to me for
a moment ?
Mr. SPAULDING. Not now. The question
now is not upon the merits of the bill. This is
the mere ordinary form of having the bill referred
and printed. When it is reported, and pioperly
before the House, the discussion of its merits may
then be properly gone into; but now it is a mere
matter of courtesy that the bill, which has been
introduced by the gentleman from Illinois, should
be printed and referred to the committee indicated
by him. I do not see why the gentleman from
Massachusetts should object to that.
Mr. ARNOLD. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 trust
that, without further debate, this bill will be re-
ferred to the committee I have named. I regret
that a mere matter about the reference of the bill,
not at all involvingits merits, merely involving
the question of what committee shall actupon the
subject, should have excited so much controversy
here. Now, sir, 1 will not longer occupy the
time of the House, butcall the previous question.
Mr. NOELL and Mr. OLIN rose.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, and yield to the gentle-
man from Missouri.
Mr. NOELL. As a member of the special
committee on lake defenses, I desire to say a single
word.
Mr. OLIN. I object to the gentleman from
Illinois yielding the iloor, unless he yields uncon-
ditionally.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot yield, unless he yields uncon-
ditionally.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Missouri, if he will renew the
call for the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. I will.
Mr. OLIN. I risk to a question of order. My
p^gtis, that two gentlemen cannot bargain for the
how on the condition that one or the other shall
cltll the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes no
such bargain. He understands the gentleman
from Illinois to have yielded the floor uncondi-
tionally.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to make this suggestion
to the House. I understand the question before
us to be as to the propriety of referring this mat-
ter to one committee or the other. Now, the com-
mittee on lake and river defenses were intrusted
with, and did inquire into, not merely the matter
of fortifications alone, but so far as the defenses
of the northern lakes and rivers are involved, they
have a perfect right to consider the question of the
establishment of armories or founderies in connec-
tion with the subject of fortifications. It was a
legitimate subject for the consideration of this com-
mittee. %
Mr. DELANO, In orderthat the House may
understand precisely what power was given to the
committee, I desire to read the report, as it is given
in the Globe, upon the original reference of this
matter. It is most distinctly stated. It was then
attempted to embrace both subjects, in the refer-
ence to the same committee; but that reference
was not only ruled out by the Chair, but the rul-
ing was acquiesced in by the House. Now, 1 ask
the Clerk to read the report of that proceeding.
Mr. NOELL. I understand that this commit-
tee was raised by a resolution of the House. That
resolution, defines the power of the committee,
which is to take into consideration the subject of
the defenses of the northern lakes and rivers.
Mr. DELANO. Do I understand that the gen-
tleman declines to yield for the purpose of having
this report read ?
Mr. NOELL. I do, for the reason that it has
nothing whatever to do with the power of the
committee. The question referred was the ques-
tion of the defenses of lakes and riveis—not the
question of fortifications simply; but they have
equally high authority to consider the question of
the establishment of founderies and armories at
