1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
convenient distances from the points where the
fortifications are to be erected, which are essen-
tially necessary to these defenses.
I desire to say this much upon this question. I
do not understand that this reference has anything
to do with the power of the committee. We were
intrusted by the House with the duty of consid-
ering the whole question of lake and river defenses.
We had the right, therefore, to consider the ques-
tion of armory and foundery establishments; and
we have it from the highest authority in the coun-
try on the subject to say that the establishment
of manufactories of arms, at convenient distances
from the points of defense, was indispensably
essential. I renew, as I promised I would, the
' demand for the previous question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope that I will be per-
mitted to say a word.
Mr. OL1N. I have had the floor, and I object
to any family arrangement about the floor. I want
all to have a fair chance to speak on this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. There is so much confusion
in the House that it is really difficult to tell what
is before it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question oil the
pending motions of reference.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make an explana-
tion on this question.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid upon the table.
Mr. SPAULDING. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is misap-
prehension on this question, and 1 ask to make an
explanation.
The SPEAKER,. Debate is not in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to say a few
words in explanation.
Objection was made.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevexs's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
SIEkANCTlION B. WOOLSEY".
Mr. P. A. CONKLING, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to place the name oflUc-
lancthon hi. Woolsey on the active service list of
the Navy; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referied to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 212) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue certifi-
cates of indebtedness to public creditors; when the
Speaker signed the same.
CIVIL AI>MtOI>HIATIONT HILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to submit a report from
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses on House bill No.
154, making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June,1863, and additional appropriations
for the year ending the 30th of June, lriG2. I ask
that the Clerk read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the (li«r>grcohi£i vote^of
tho uvo Houses on thp fimondinenN to tho hill (II. K. No.
I'A) making .tppiopuattons toi s umhy civil fcxppn&rs of the
Government tor tin1 vear en<l: £ Ukj 30th June, 1SG3, and
additional -ippropi mtimn Tor tin* year ondmij the Mtli June,
18S3 iiavuiir met, aftM full and irec conference have asreed
to iceoimneiid. and do recommend, to their icapective
lioiii-vO- as follow^:
That tho lluti-o of Ueprf^ontatiws recede Itom their dt*-
asiietMnent to the fifth, Mxth. seventh, uichth, ninth, tenth,
sixteenth, and eighteenth amendment* of the Senate, and
a^tce to iho -aim1. ,
That the flouse recede ftotri th^iv disagreement to the
eleventh Amendment ol the Senate, and ncrree to the same
with an amendment, a* follow- : riii ike out ot --aid amend-
ment, in line thteo, the word- " on<" thousand,'* and insert J
111 lien theieof  ' five hundred." 1
That the Senate eomnu in tho amendment of the iioufee j
to the thnicenih amendment ot the Senate. I
T'taf tho Senate eoneui in the amendment oi tho ljon^e j
to the Senate'- seventeenth amendment, with the lollow- ■
imj amendments: Sti ike out, in linos one and two of said :
amendment, the wot.U '* in the e\p"mliHiri> ot," and in-
sert the words " of appiopnanon for repairs of the Capitol
made by;" and add, at the end ot &«ud Hou-e amendment,
the following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay
for the put chase and repair of plate and repair of gas fittings
for the Piesident's House, $2,613.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
tvventy-fir^t amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with the following amendments: In line three, of
said amendment, stiike out the word "sell,*' and insert
" leaseand m line six, alter the word " notice,r insert
" theieof;5' and strike out, in lines six and seven, the fol-
lowing words: " ot the time, place, and termsof saleand
insert in line ten, after the word "authouzed,"the follow-
ing words: a to use it for the sick and wounded soldiers of
the United States," &c.
JAMES ALFRED PEARCE,
J, II. DOOLITTLE,
DANIEL CLARK,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
THADDEUS STEVENS,
E. i\ WALTON.
CHARLES It. TRAIN",
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do notpropose to make any
speech on that report of the committee of confer-
ence. I think that it explains itself. I demand, j
therefore, the previous question on its adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report wa^idopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill to provide for the appointment of additional
clerks m the office of the Assistant Treasurer in
New York, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time by its title, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
NULLIFICATION, ETC.
Mr. WR.1GTIT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution:
lie solved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of ,:lnmira in Congress assembled, That tlie
pioclaniiiticm ol Andicw Jackson nn tin- ..uliiect of nullifi-
cation ho limited together with the Farewell Address of
Georjc Washington, lbr dKtnbutioii.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the reso-
lution so that it will also provide forthe printing of
the Declaration of Independence for distribution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHCURNE. I object to putting that
resolution on its passage at this time.
Mr. WRIGHT. I only ask that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not object to that;
and I submit the motion that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER. The question now before the
House is the unfinished business yesterday, being
the report of the Committee of Elections on the
case of Hon. Chailes II. Upton, claiming to rep-
resent the seventh congressional district of Vir-
ginia, on which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dei.ano] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask my colleague to yield the
floor to me for a momenton a question ofprivilege.
Mr. DELANO. I will do so with pleasure.
Objection was made.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I do not regret
the time that has been consumed in disposing of
a subject of such considerable interest to my con-
stituency—the reference of this question of the
establishment of a national armory 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see what
that has to do with the question before the House,
of whether the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Upton] is entitled to represent the seventh con-
gressional district of that State or not.
° Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I am as much
convinced of that as yourself; but I am not aware
that anything has as yet been said by me to show
that I have been wandering from the question
before the House. I had not finished the sentence
I svas in the act of uttering.
1 will, theiefore, repeat. The time which has
been consumed upon the question of reference
lias been well spent, upon a subject which, though
it concerns a matter of considerable interest to my
constituents, falls far short in impoitanee of that
which now comes before the House. The ques-
tion now is, whether Charles H. Upton, who has
been sitting with us from the 4th of July last up
to the present time, and has been acting as a mem-
berupon this floor, and as amember of one of the
principal committees of this House—whether he
shall, under the judgment and decision of this
House, longer be permitted to retain his position
here, or shall be ousted from the seat he has so long
occupied. You will now see, sir, the force of my
suggestion. Iwasglad that there was a little delay
upon a collateral matter, so that the seats of mem-
bers might be filled before we were called upon fur-
therto hear and acton the questionofMr. Upton's
election. It was with the deepest regret that I
saw yesterday, when the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Riddle,] the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sedgwick,] were appealing to the House in
behalf of my friend from Virginia, and in favor of
his retaining his seat from the seventh congres-
sional district of that State, that there was not at
any time during that discussion a quorum of this
House present, intent on the business of hearing
and determining that important judicial question.
That is the reason, if you desire to know, why I
was content to see informal matters brought be-
fore the House until the House was full, and all
of the members were present, prepared to enter
upon these thehighestof the legislative functions,
relating to this question of privilege now pending
before it.
I desire, though I confess I do it hopelessly,
that every member of this House may be able to
say, before casting his vote on this question, that
he has not only read the report of the Committee
of Elections, but every syllable of testimony upon
which that report is founded. Unless I can be
satisfied that gentlemen will, on a vital question
like this, refrain from their customary listlessness
and give their attention to the business before
them. I despair of justice being done; and I appeal
most earnestly to members of this House, before
recording tlieir votes, to take pains to understand
from the beginning to the end not only the report
of this committee, but also the twenty pages of
printed testimony taken in the case, it is a rea-
sonable request, considering that the proposition
is nothing less than to oust a member from his
seat m this House, which he has been occupying
since the 4th of July last.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as testing tho reasonable-
ness of this desire, I would like to put the ques-
tion to gentlemen on all sides of this House—I
care not what their former political associations
have been; I care not what their prejudices are,
or what their opinion as to any future policy may
be—I would like to inquire of every member,
whether or not he has given that careful reading
to the twelve pages of this committee's report,
and the twenty pages of testimony which accom-
panies that report, which is essential to a correct
understanding of the case? I do hope, if they have
not given that time to the subject, if they have not
been able to sacrifice that much of their patience
and attention, they will not consider that they
have any right to lift up their hands or their voice
when sitting in judgment, and pronouncing upon
the right of my friend to a seat here. And in the
few remarks 1 have to make, it will be my chief
desire to bring to the attention of members those
parts of the evidence which may have failed to
meet with their peisonal perusal, in order that
they may understand precisely what it is which
is now in controversy. And that brings me at
once to the inquiry as to what force or what con-
clusiveness ought to be attached to this unanimous
report of the Committee of Elections. I may say
that no member of this House can respect each
and every member of that committee—-the gentle-
man who reported the adverse resolution not less
than the chairman of the committee, who is my
colleague upon this floor—more than I do; and
if there is any committee of the House to whose
judgment I would be willing to submit my own
and^be bound thereby, I would certainly defer to
none more readily than to the Committee of Elec-
tions. But, while malting this concession to the
committee, I must call attention to the limited
state of the question pending before the House,
and insist that the real question is one merely as
to the application of a principle, and not in tho
slightest degree involving any matter of fact.
1 probably should not have found myself ad-
