1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
dressing the House at the present time had it not
been that three or four weeks ago I unexpectedly
had ray attention called to the proof-sheets of the
report of this committee. I know that unwittingly
the chairman of the Committee of Elections, my
colleague, [Mr. Dawes,] in the heat of argument
at that time upon this matter, let slip from his lips
a suggestion that the gentleman from Virginia
[M r. Upton] had been getting me to come here to
defend his case. But, sir, I take it I have no need
of exculpating myself from any such impeach-
ment as this. I should be the last man whom the
gentleman from Virginia, or any other man hav-
ing a contested seat in this House, would apply
to for aid in any such exigency. But the gentle-
man who made this report [Mr. Worcester]
knows very well that it was by the merest acci-
dent that my attention was called to the proof-
sheets as they were in his own hands for revision,
and that at the very time of reading it over I ex-
pressed at least this much of surprise—and I de-
sire just at this point to call the attention of the
House to it—that I thought the question of prin-
ciple involved here as grave in importance as any
--upon which this House could be called on to act,
and I certainly intimated, upon my hasty reading
of their report, that 1 thought the committee ought
to have come manfully up to the issue of princi-
ple involved, while, in reality, acting too timidly,
as 1 thought, they had shunned the important is-
sue by finding the facts against the sitting member,
and that upon an issue of fact merely" they had
concluded to advise the House to turn him out of
his scat. But, Mr. Speaker, I am entirely satis-
fied, after conversation with various membeis of
the committee, that they do not wish the House
to consider the question upon any such narrow and
technical ground as that intimated; but that they
desire the House to come directly and squarely up
to the question of principle which I consider in-
volved in the report, overlooking, if there is any
room for technicality, every question of form
which may be supposed to divert from the force
of the sitting member's case; and that they assume,
at least for the purposes of tliis_case, that the sit-
ting member has ten votes duly "given and as duly
certified to the House as the circumstances of the
times would permit. It is upon this assumption
of fact that I desire to consider my friend's case.
Mr. WORCESTER. Will the gentleman al-
low me to put him right in one respect? Some-
thing was said ill the course of debate yesterday
of an admission by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections, of certain certified votes said to
have been cast for the sitting member. As the
organ of the committee who made this report, I
would say that neither the committee nor the
chairman of the committee is authorized, nor is
it competent for them, to make any such admis-
sion. This, we understand, is a contested elec-
tion, and not only the rights of the contestant are
in issue, but the rights of the people of the district
from which he comes.
Mr. DELANO. I certainly was not expecting
this rctraction or recantation at this stage of the
proceeding.
Mr. WORCESTER. It is no retraction.
Mr. DELANO. Throe weeks ago, when my
friend, [Mr. Upton,] immediately afier the report
came in, had ascertained that the committee were
really not satisfied that any votes were cast and
certified to in that district, I did, in the warmth
of my friendship for the gentleman from Virginia,
as well as from a desire of justice, volunteer to
statu to the House my reasons for thinking that
it was most reasonable that lie should be permit-
ted to fmnish further evidence of the fact con-
troverted, because it seemed to me that the com-
mittee, in their report had, as if to avoid testing
before the House the principle involved, found
the fact against him, and thus cut him off from
ever reaching or presenting to the House the naked
question whether a majority could by force dis-
franchise a minority, however small.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague will allow me,
perhaps it is due to the committee as well as to
myself that I should make a statement here. I
find that I was reported in the Congressional Globe
as not only saying that I would myself admit that
ten men voted for the incumbent precisely as he
claimed they did; but I am further reported as
having said that the committee would admit it. I
may have said so; I am inclined to think, however
that I did not I had certainly no right to speak
for the committee in that matter. I did say for
myself—and I propose to repeat it, if it be found
proper for me to say anything to-day—that I was
ready to admit that ten men voted for the incum-
bent on that day .just in the manner in which he
claims that they voted for him, and in no other
way. That was all I intended to admit myself,
or to state at that time, and it is due to the com-
mittee that I should make this statement. This
is my own admission, and upon that ground I
propose myself to submit some remarks to the
House hereafter.
Mr. DELANO. Now, I think, after what has
fallen from the chairman of the committee, if we
will foi a moment listen to the record of the debate
as given in the Globe, wc shall see at what disad-
vantage the committee has taken my friend here,
if they do not permit him to consider as established
what he then proposed to establish, namely, the
fact of his having the votes upon which he now
rests his claim. One would suppose from the
admission then made, and from the admission
which my colleague now makes, somewhat more
narrowly, that no one of the committee would dis-
pute that the claimant had these ten votes. Having
rested on the admission^Jiat the committee would
not contest these votes, the House will see his
embarrassment if the committee now rise up and
impeach the existence of these very votes. I ask
that the remarks of my colleague at that time may
be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" One word more, and 1 will leave this matter for the de-
cision of the iimi.-c. [amnotfroing tohaveany woidswith
tlio gentleman from Virginia a:- to whether lie asked us to
tell him liovv to conduct Ins case or not. He has conducted
his case as he has seen fit toeonducl it.andtlie committee
have come to a conclusion upon it. There is not a paitieie
of dispute about the facts The gentleman docs not claim
hut ten votes. The committee aic willing to admit that ten
men went and voteii tin iiim at Iiall'sCioss Roads, exactly
ay he says they did. They do not entcttam a doubtot tiiat.
Tile committee were unanimous in tins mattei. They do
not entertain a doubt that ten men voted for the gentleman
there."
Mr. DELANO. With that admission, what
occasion was there for my friend further to insist
upon summoning these ten men before the com-
mittee?
Mr. DAWES. Why docs not my colleague
state the fact that this incumbent never at any lime
asked to summon either the whole ten, or any one
of them; and that lie never asked the opportunity of
proving that they voted for him? That was not
what he asked. It was in a discussion between
my colleague and myself that I made the state-
ment, according to my recollection, as I have re-
peated it this morning, and which I had no right
to state for any member of the committee. But
the incumbent nevcrat any time asked this House
to permit him to produce any single one of these
men who lie claimed voted for him that day.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot, let the matter drop
here. I ask the House what was the purpose of
the incumbentin appealing to the House for a par-
tial reopening of the case before the committee, if
it was not to relieve from all doubt that which
their report had brought into doubt? It matters
very little how one member of the House or an-
other member of the House proposed to relieve
the matter of that doubt. My friend proposed to
do it by summoning one or two of the sworn offi-
cers of the election. I proposed to do it by sum-
moning every man who cast a vote on that day.
It was practicable to determine the matter either
way. Now, when the sitting member was pro-
posing one method of relieving the House of this
doubt, and I was proposing another method, my
colleague [Mr. Dawes] came in and pledged him-
self for the committee, that there was not a par-
ticle of doubt that the ten votes were cast; but that
the committee were unanimous and never would
question the fact here. I ask them with what face
it can now be argued to the House that ten votes
were not duly given for the sitting member by
voters of that district? If it is the determination
of the committee, after having misled the sitting
member into the belief that he would have the
benefit of ten ceitified votes, to base their oppo-
sition to him upon the ground that he received no
votes, then I appeal to the House, in all fairness,
to reopen the case and give hiin the chance which
he then asked the House to give him.
But, sir, I do not believe that any one will seri-
ously fake the ground, even upon this report, that
the sitting member did not receive the votes often
good and loyal Virginians; and, after these various
admissions,! shall, in the discussion of this ques-
tion, take it to be conceded as true that in that
dark contest of disloyalty, he was backed by at
least ten loyal voters of the seventh congressional
district of Virginia. And this brings me to the
point from which I proposed starting. It was not
the question of fact whether he received ten votes.
I did not suppose that any member of this House
would doubt that for a moment. It is conceded
that he received these votes. It is conceded that
he made every effort to get before the people of the
seventh congressional district; that he appealed
to one gentleman of his acquaintance of distinction
and public note to become a candidate and that he
declined; that he then appealed to another gentle-
man and that he declined; and that having been
abandoned and betrayed first by one and then by
another, at the last moment he concluded, for the
credit of his district, that he would stand himself
as a candidate; and the only question before the
House I take to be whether, after having done all
this and having received his ten votes, we are to
sanction the doctrine of the committee that a man
with but ten votes in a district otherwise thor-
oughly disloyal shall not hold a seat on this floor,
but that his district must go unrepresented.
Mr. LEHMAN. I would ask the gentleman
whether there is any evidence showing that any-
body disputed the fact that ten men voted for Mr.
Upton for Congress at that poll?
Mr. DELANO. No man disputed the fact. It
never has been disputed from that day to this; in-
deed there was no man who had the courage in
that district to come into the field to dispute that
or any other act of any loyal man there until the
district was under the protection of Federal bay-
ontts after this election had taken place. And
that is precisely what challenges my admiration
for my friend here, that when the whole district
was disloyal, when men looked to their families
and their property, and deemed it more prudent
to forego the privilege of being represented m the
Federal Congress than to bring themselves to the
halter or their property to confiscation, my friend
took his life in his hand and marched bravely up
to the demands of the times. He saw his prop-
erty flanked by rebel pickets on the one side and
by Federal pickets on the other, and there he stood
reeved that nothing in that crisis should deter
hiiTfrom announcing himself as a candidate in
the customary manner, and to ask of those who
had the courage to vote, their suffrages in his be-
half. That is precisely the way it stood. There
was no question about his election made by any-
body, and probably for the very reason that no
one had courage to make any or to call in ques-
tion the validity of his election, because Federal
bayonets had not at that time begun to inspire
confidence in the gentleman's competitor. My
friend was fighting single-handed, without support.
Everybody else was succumbing to the rebel
domination and rebel ordinances.
The gentleman who is here representing the
seventh district was determined to stand up and
to disregard those ordinances; he was determined,
in spite of every influence brought to bear against
him, to make his stand upon the ancient consti-
tution and the ancient laws of Vn^nia, as though
there had never been any attempt to repeal them.
But, sir, the point I was considering was, how
far the judgment, of the committee in a case like
this—the ten votes being conceded—is to be de-
ferred to; and whether the House, merely because
the report is unanimous, are to concur in their
report.
If it is conceded that there were ten votes for
the sitting member, then the House, without any
report, can readily see whether or not it was right
or possible for the timid voters of the seventh
district to vacate their rights and abandon their
privileges, and thus to disfranchise a respectable
or even a very small minority. Here is where I
take issue with the committee. Was it competent
for the majority, I do not carc how large, of the
voters of that district, by actual force or submis-
sion to force, to disfranchise the minority, I do
nut care how small? I say, clearly not. In order
to show the House how thecommittoe reason their
case, I read a brief paragraph from their report:
"It appears, tlicn, troni the facts that wc lia\e cited fiom
the history ot the times, and fiom the toicgning evidence
that the autiionti.es which had usurped ami then had con-
trol of the civtl goy.'tmiiciit and nnfitaiy lorccso! tile State
had, for the time being, set at defiance and annulled the
