1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
all gentlemen in the Senate who are in favor of
confiscation, if they will answer me, do you be-
lieve that under the Constitution of the United
States, under which we act and exist, we have a
right to pass such a bill as that? If we have not,
we have no right to pass a confiscation bill prop-
erly so called.
Another act passed by the same Legislature
provides, after naming a list of persons—whether
the same as the other I do not know—that they,
shall—
" Be attainted and adjudged guilty of high treason against
this State, and they are hereby attainted and judged guilty
of the same accordingly."
There is a bill of attainder, and the other which
I have just read is a bill of confiscation. In the
course of the remarks made by the Senator from
Michigan, these examplesof the colonies are cited
to us as proper for us to consider and to follow.
I would ask gentlemen to read such a bill of con-
fiscation and attainder as this, and then I would
ask them, do you believe we have the power to
follow examples of that kind ? Can anyman be-
lieve it? If such be attainder—and I say every-
thing depends on your definition—if that is attain-
der, I wish gentlemen distinctly to understand
that 1 am utterly opposed to it, and I am opposed
to it because the Constitution of the United States
utterly forbids it.
I will remark further, that all the bills that are
offered here, propose only to work the forfeiture
of the property of those who shall " hereafter"
commit an act of rebellion. The bill of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois is that way. Why
is it that that is put in? In the bill of attainder
which I have just read they do not provide that a
man shall be thereafter guilty of the crime. Con-
fiscation was made of their real estate and of all
theircstatc that they had held for three years past;
and the Legislature declared they were already
guilty. Why is it asserted in all these bills that
if a person shall hereafter, or after the passage of
this act, be guilty of the crime, the punishment
shall follow? Why are they put that way? Sim-
ply and singly and for nothing else but tins: they
concede upon the very face of them that it is a
punishment; they know that you could not make
a law according to our Constitution which was
ex post facto. What do you mean by that? To
define the punishment for the offense aftei it is
committed; that is what is ex post facto. They do
not attempt to create what they call confiscation,
or anything of that kind, in relation to acts com-
muted in the past, because they will not pass an
cx post facto law.
What is the reason that Senators are so tender
on that point? Why is it that you will regard
that provision of the Constitution forbidding you
to pass an e.r post facto law, but you will utterly
disregard all those provision5? of the Constitution
that declare that a man shall not be deprived of
his property without due process of law; that he
shall not be visited with punishmeutcxceptupon
indictment, trial, and conviction; and that he shall
not be twice punished for the same offense ? Why
overlook all these prohibitions of the Constitution ?
Why be so tender and careful about the provision
in regard to cx post facto laws, and utterly regaul-
less of all the others? It seems to me the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio comes always to this
conclusion, that if he cannot have what he calls a
confiscation bill exceptaccoiding to the Constitu-
tion, lie cannot have anything effective. Ianswei
that if he requires anything to be done contrary
to the Constitution, he mustgo without an effect-
ive law. it is not my fault. Me says he does
not disregaid (he Constitution at ail. But, sir,
when that Constitution forbids the punishing of
people without conviction, how is it that you will
confiscate their property—as you call it confisca-
tion—without conviction ? How can you do it?
Mr. WADE. If that is all we can do, and
tnore is a. law now punishing treason, I would
a?k the Senator what more he expects to do by
bringing in a bill here ?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not behove that a
question put by that honorable Senator in that
* way to me could ever be put if there had been a
candid reading of my bill, or any candid hearing
of my remarks. 1 cannot believe it. 0
Mr. WADE. Then why does notthe Senator
answer ii ?
Mr. COLLAMER, The gentleman, I remem-
ber, the other day u^kid me a question,and went
away and would not hear the answer, and did not
hear it. Perhaps the question now put is of the
same character..
I was remarking that the very forms of all these
bills all imply that what they are doing is matter of
punishment; because, as I have said, they all pro-
vide that it shall be applied .only to those who
shall be thereafter guilty. So far I do not find
any fault with them. That is according to the
Constitution. That is not my complaint of them.
But I ask why it is that the other provisions of the
Constitution are disregarded while this one is so
respectfully regarded? The present punishment
of treason by the law of Congress under the Con-
stitution is the punishment of death. I believe it
is best for the country that there should be some
other mode of dealing with these peopie provided,
because I do not believe that any such sentence
as that could ever be executed upon but a small
number. I do not know that it will ever reach
any. I do not think my brethren around me here
are of opinion that it will reach any. 1 think it
will reach some unless they get out of the coun-
try; but I think it is probable they will expatriate
themselves. If that law is so practically inopera-
tive, as all gentlemen around me concede it is, if
that is to produce no effect and punish nobody,
as most gentlemen say, certainly it is hardly worth
while to be leaning on that as a corrective which
we all say will never be administered.
Now, I come pretty near answering the Sena-
tor's last question to me, when he asked why I
would provide other law. Because I would pro-
vide some law that I could execute and that might
have effect. The present law would have none;
and hence it is that I introduced a bill by way of
amendment, providing that the punishment of
treason should be death or fine and imprisonment,
in the discretion of the couit, believing that this
last partmight be effective. If I understand hon-
orable Senators in their argument—for I shall not
misicpresent them intentionally—they seem to
suppose that that mode of providing for taking
property by fining them and thus disposing of
their property would be utterly ineffective.
It is said that the reason why it would be inef-
fective is because judgment could not be obtained.
Is not that very strange, very extraordinary,after
the remarks we have heard from the honorable
Senator ftom Ohio? He has said that the people
of the South arc writing to him fiom day to day
to have a law made for the punishment of the peo-
ple who have raised this rebellion, and led the
people of the South into all their troubles. He is
receiving them constantly, and yet are we to be
told in the very next breath that when we have
taken possession of that country and reestab-
lished the laws and the Government, we cannot
get a jury who will convict them ? Could we not
obtain a jury from those men who are writing
here and pressing gentlemen, who are of conse-
quence enough to be pressed, to have a law made
that shall punish those people, ns they know the
present law will never be executed? They are ask-
ing exactly for the very law I offer, a law that
can practically punish those in rebellion. Do you
believe there will be any difficulty in administer-
ing that law tluough juries of loyal men who are
importuning us for it? The moment you take
possession of the country and of this propeity,
under the bill of the Senator from Illinois, the
moment you can take property in that way and
sell it, you can administer justice according to
law, and call in as jutors the loyal men who have
been ridden over roughshod by these people; and
certainly there are plenty ofloyal men there. It
is a curious thing that we should be told that this
very bill, that can be made practically effective,
would be good for nothing because the loyal peo-
ple who want it, who desire it, and who would j
constitute juries, would notconvict. Itis absurd, i
utterly absurd, it is altogether the most effect- I
ive bill. j
When I ask gentlemen to tell us why it is that j
wc should not take this propeity legally, consti- !
tutionaliy,and upon conviction, they immediately !
get up a long declamation filled up with the ut- '
most eloquence, describing the barbarities, the !
horrors, and the outrages of this rebellion. In- :
stead of explaining and telling us why and how >
the thing can be done constitutionally, that' is the |
answer we get; and when we desire to do the !
thing effectively, and in a constitutional way, we \
are told it-is not good for anything. I believe I I
understand, but I cannot fully appreciate the can-
dor of arguments made in that way.
The honorable Senator from Illinois occupied
considerable time to-day in finding fault with my
bill; and in some features he thinks it is a more
extreme measure .than his own. I wonder he
should complain of me for that. I should think
in that he would, at least, find ground for com-
mendation; but no, that will not do; that will not
answer. The Senator finds in my bill that it is
provided that the President, by his proper offi-
cers, shall take possession of all these people's
property for the purpose of sequesteiing it to
meet the fine which will be levied upon them,
and he asks, "there, do you not take the prop-
erty?" So I do; but it is a mere sequestration.
"Well, but you order some of it that is perish-
able to be sold. If there is a quantity of sweet
potatoes there, you must let them perish." Cer-
tainly, not at all. I provide for the disposing of
such property, and putting the proceeds in the
%T •easury. " But that is not what is required;
that is nothing but sequestration. The moment
you bring a man to trial, if he is acquitted, you
return him that with his other property." As a
matter of course. Now, is it a fair and candid
mode of treating the bill to say it does not mean
that, when itis declared expressly it is a mere act
of sequestration to meet the final judgment which
is to be rendered against him ? And yet he says
we are to pocket the money and mean to keep it,
even though the man is innocent!
I am perfectly willing to agree to certain amend-
ments if gentlemen desire them, and I believe one
Senator has shown me an amendment that I am
willing to adopt. If gentlemen say that we should
not leave any discretion to the President, but he
should seize the property of them all when he
gets possession of tha country, if it is to wait
until judicial trial, I care nothing about it. I am
perfectly willing that he should take anything
from those supposed to be engaged in the rebel-
lion to wait until trial; but 1 want it ultimately
disposed of according to the Constitution and the
laws under it. If, after being notified that their
property will be seized and sequestered, they will
not submit, but go off and remain away, I am
perfectly willing there should be a provision that
that should be considered as an abandonment of
that property forever. After due proclamations
and notice given by the courts, it should be so.
When gentlemen say my bill leaves too much to
the President whether he will seize this pronerty
for the purpose of meeting the offense, and it
should be made imperative upon him to seize it
all, I say they can make it so if gentlemen prefer
it. If they think it is better to go into these States
and get possession, and seize the property of all
men supposed to be in the rebellion before you
offer them conditions of amnesty, and that your
offer of conditions of amnesty will be more effect-
ive after the seizure than before, I have no objec-
tion to gentlemen making it so. Perhaps it may
be so; I have doubts about it. It is a mere prac-
tical question, whether it would be better to offer
them amnesty if they come m and take the oath
of allegiance and submit to the laws, and if they
do not come in, then seize their property, or
whether it is better to seize their property first
and then offer them amnesty, and if they come
| in, let them have it back again. I am perfectly
| willing to have it whatever way gentlemen think
| the most effective. If they believe the last the
most effective, let them make it so.
I have now occupied all the time I desire in re-
lation to this question. I can merely say that the
only confiscation which Congress can pass must
be by way of punishment for offenses thereafter
committed, and it must be upon trial and convic-
tion; because so I believe the Constitution to be.
At the same time I believe that the bill which I
have presented would be effective for that purpose,
I mean constitutionally. The seizing and holding
of the property, and trying and convicting the men
and selling their property by way of meeting their
fines, I believe would be the most effective way,
and I believe it is the only constitutional way. I
have said thus much merely in relation to that part
of the bill with which the gentleman from Illinois
has found fault to-day. I ought to say, however,
that I am for confiscation, that is, a legal and con-
stitutional one; no other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Vermont if he knows anybody
