1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
that is for any other confiscation except that which
is legal and constitutional?
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean, as I understand it.
Mr. TliTJM BULL. I do not think there is any-
thing peculiar in the Senator's position in being
for constitutional confiscation, unless he meant to
make the inference that somebody was for uncon-
stitutional confiscation.
Mr. COLLAMER. We lenow how that mat-
ter is, especially among lawyers. Onesays, " you
arc against confiscation, because you provide trial,
and that will not do; I am for a confiscation bill,
and mine is constitutional." The other man says,
" I think confiscation can only be by way of pun-
ishment upon conviction, and I think that is the
only one that would be constitutional." They
both claim to be constitutional; but each man in
speaking of them thinks according to his own
views. All of us do that. I do not say that the
course taken by gentlemen in relation to their bills
is, in their estimation, unconstitutional. They
must be their own judges of that; but I take it they *
mustletother people be their own judgesof their
course; for, I take it, differences of opinion must
be indulged in in bodies like this, and courtesy of
treatment in relation to those opinions. But it was
in relation to the point that my bill could not be
effective in the way I proposed that 1 desired to
make my rema.ks.
In relation to the reference of this whole subject
to a select committee, I have only this to say about
it: I have now thrown my plan before the body,
and presented my views in relation to it. I do
not expect that I am infallible. I expect the body
to decide it, and I expect to abide by their de-
cision. If they desire to have it commuted to a
committee with other men's propositions, I have
no objection. I am not afra'd to commit my prop-
osition with the others, and having them all com-
pared. I do notshtink from it. 1 do not partic-
ulatly court it. I think, with the Senator fiom
Ohio, we shall probably entertain our own views
after all; but it may be worth the experiment; it
may be worth the trial. I voted for the reference
to a committee the other day. I am willing that |
they should try it now. I am no way tenacious j
about it. I have no very great confidence in it; ;
but I think it is worth a trial. That is all I can
say of it. I should be myself entirely willing and
desirous of obtaining the opinions of men about it.
But I have this to say: if that committee is to be
composed of the men who have offered pioposi-
tions, the prospect of any coincidence of opinion
on the subject will not be very bright. I do not
think if the subject were committed to the honor-
able Senator from Illinois and myself now, we
should ever be likely to agree. In the fore part
of the session 1 thought we might agree; and I
cannot but say that I believed then that if full con-
ference had been had m relation to the principles
of it, we might have come to something. It is too
late now. Though I do not presume to dictate,
and hardly attempt to advise—certainly not at all
in such a body as this—still it would be, m my
estimation, rather desirable, if this committee is
to be raised, that it should be composed of men
who are not committed upon the subject, if that
could be done. 11 may be difficult to do that. Still,
that is not a duty that falls within my circle. That
belongs rather to the Chair, to the appointing
power, and not to me. I have merelv this to say:
] am willing that my pioposition shall be consid-
ered with that <if other Senators, and receive the
fate it meuts; and that is all.
Mr. FESSEjN'DEN. Afew words which passed
betvveen my Aiend from Illinois and myself the
other day, pet haps render it nicessarvthat I should
exnlain to the Senate and to the country, so far
as the country may be interested in anything I do,
precisely my position upon this question. Or-
dinarily a man owes an apology for talking too
much or for talking at all in such a body as this.
Pci haps on this occasion, as there has been so
wide and general a debate, if I owe any apology
at all to the Senate and to the counti v, n is for not
expiessnig my opinions upon a measure of so
much importance. 1 have only to say that up to
the present peiiod I have had no opportunity to
so digest my own thoughts upon the subject as
to n nder it, in my judgment, proper that 1 should
addiess the Sen ite. 1 have been engaged, as all
luy btethivn here know, upon other matters; and
since the debate came up, for the last four weeks
very nearly, I have been constantly occupied,
days, and many times nights, upon another sub-
ject—the tax bill, which I present this afternoon—
to such a degree that I have not been in the Sen-
ate Chamber when this matter has been in discus-
sion but a very few moments during the whole of
it. I should not presume, then, under such a state
of facts, to address the Senate at all, except merely
for the purpose of a personal explanation. I re-
gret exceedingly that I have not had an oppor-
tunity to listen, or, at any rate, if not to listen to
read what has doubtless been a very instructive
and illuminating debate on this subject. Such
opinions as I may have are somewhat unformed,
too imperfect to arrive ataconclusion before I am
called upon to vote definitely. I say this in excuse
for myself. A man, perhaps, is bound to know
everything tha t is passing m the body of which he is
a member, and to be prepared to vote and act, and
even to express his opinions upon every subject;
but with my limited capacity for understanding
and for labor, I have been absolutely physically
unable to give my attention to any subject except
that which has been committed to the charge of
the committee of which I am a member. To a
certain extent I am now rid of that.
I will only say, therefore, sir, that when my
friend from Illinois the other day chose here in the
Senate to point me out to the country—a man who
had not said a word on this subject from begin-
ning to end; who had not been here to listen to
tlie debate; who had not committed himself, so to
speak, upon it in any point whatever—as one who
was opposed to confiscation, and whose vote he
did not hope to get for any bill for confiscation,
I was utterly astonished. I did not know upon
what ground such an inference could be made,
and such a statement could be put forth to the coun-
try, singling me out here as I accidentally sat in
my chair for a moment, having been called in by a
messengertovote upon a question upon which the
yeas and nays were ordered. I therefore inquired
of my friend what ground he had for making that
asseition, and he gave as a reason that I had had
the temerity—that was not his language, but it j
seemed to be his idea—to vote to commit this sub- |
ject as it stood before the Senate. I did not think .
m doing that I was committing any very great :
offense against parliamentary proceeding, or com-
mitting myself upon one side or the other, to or
ngainst any bill which had been offered before the
Senate.
But, sir, there were certain things that I did
know, and that ray friend knew as well. Hekncw J
that I had considered this bill as the most im- j
portant measure that had been brought before the j
[ country, or one which might be the most import-
' ant in its results of any measure that had been
i brought before Congress since I had been a mem-
i ber of it. 1 could not help knowing that it was
j one which in its details occasioned a very great
I difference of opinion, both as to the constitutional
! questions involved and as to the expediency of
i the measures proposed. I could not help know-
! ing—for in the morning hour I found them on my
| table—that there were many projects before the
I Senate, many amendments, many ideas put in
' writing, of many members of the Senate. I could
i not help knowing that there had been a wide and
J extended debate upon the subject. I could not
| help knowing, further, that opposite opinions were
entertained by my own friends, by my own po-
litical friends upon this side of the Senate, and by
' men equally eminent and equally entitled to my
i very gieat respect foi their opinions. All these
facts were before mc, and under these facts—being
j called into the Senate from my committee-room
i to vote on the question of reference to a commit-
I tee—I voted for that reference: and for that I was
i designated by my honorable friend—in no unkind
!! spirit I know, because I know he is incapable of
[' it—as amember of the Senate whose vote he could
!' not hope to obtain for any confiscation bill what-
! ever.
| My fiiend knew another thing, and that was,
i' that early in the session I had given the opinion
1 very decidedly and strongly, that we never should
; come to a conclusion which would be satisfactory
ji to our friends and oui.selves upon the subject, upon
\\ which we could unite, until it had been examined
i by a committee, and another committee appointed
' to examine the measure itself as brough^forward
by the Committee on the Judiciary. I hat had
been my opinion. That opinion was expressed
freely, but it was not followed. I did not choose
to bring it forward here. But, sir, have not results
shown this day that the opinion I then expressed
was a correct opinion ? Gentlemen may answer
for themselves. This debate has gone on and it
has come precisely to the point that I foresaw it
would come to, that in the Senate there was this
multitude of different propositions, arising from
the different opinions entertained by gentlemen;
and finding that state of facts, I did not stop to in-
quire who made the motion to refer. To me it is
a matter of perfect indifference who makes it.
Acting amongst Senators, I do not regard any-
body as a friend or an enemy of a measure. There
may be those that approve and those that disap-
prove, those that are for one particular mode of
action and those that are for another. But that
men on this floor who happen to entertain differ-
ent opinions upon a great, an exceedingly great
question, one that involves consequences so im-
portant and upon which we ought to act as Sen-
ators—old men almost—at any rate men who are
considered to have arrived at years of reasonable
discretion, and to be calm, thoughtful, and free
from prejudice, able to look at questions in the
light of the Constitution, whatever may be their
sentiments and feelings—that we Senators, a con-
servative body, made up of thoughtful men, should
be able to look at questions calmly, deliberately,
with an endeavor to get at the truth, to find out first
what we may do, and next what it is expedient
for us to do—in a body made up of such men, I
thought, with all these different propositions be-
fore us, nobody was to be designated as an enemy
of a measure or a friend of a measure. We are
all of us friends to good so^nd legislation, and the
only thing is, how can we accomplish it and do
what the good of the country requires, and, if we
entertain different opinions, how can we come to-
gether upon a common ground, having something
yielded on the one side, perhaps, and something
upon another, of that opinion, and after all come
to the conclusion of the great majority, which is
very likely to be right on the subject.
That is the view that I entertain with regard to
the mode of legislation upon such a bill as this,
and upon all bills; and I confess I feel a little rest-
ive when I am singled out by anybody and pointed
at as an enemy of a particular principle, simply
because I am in favor of having that ptinciple fur-
ther investigated. I feel a little restive, too, when
upon a mere motion of proceeding, a mere matter
of detail, a mode of accomplishing a purpose, a
Senator can rise in his place and say, " according
as gentlemen vote upon this subject, I shall de-
nominate them friends or enemies; I consider this
matter a test question, and everybody who, on
this mere matter of proceeding, votes contrary to
my notion, I shall consider as opposed to the
whole measure altogether." I do not hold myself
subject to any such imputation, if imputation it
be;' and I deny the right of any man to make a
test vote upon anything except the measure itself
when it comes to be acted upon. No man has a
right to say it is a test vote or call upon anybody
else to rise and say it is not a test vote. In my
judgment it docs not belong to the rights of any
Senator to say what is or what is not the result
of the vote m reference to that matter.
I am m favor of confiscating the property of
rebels,and have been from thebeginning,and have
so stated. I am in favor of doing it under the Con-
stitution and of not violating the Constitution in
doing it, and of doing it to just that extent, and no
further, that I judge the good of this country re-
quires that we should go in doing so. That is as
far as I go, and for that I will go. Why, sir, after
' the adjournment of the Senate on Friday last
! and it was the first time I bad an opportunity to
S look at them from my very multifarious engage-
j ments—I took these differentbiJls, read them o\er
I carefully once, ail of them but one for the fust
j time, and there is not one of them that is not acon-
j fiscatiou bill, and a strong confiscation bill. The
i only question that arises in them or that can be
' raised in them by gentlemen on one side or an-
j other—and I am expressing no opinion about that
• is, what is confiscation under the Constitution
j and according to it, and what is confiscation against
1 and in violation of it? I do not express my opin-
| ion upon that subject now. There is no occasion
j that I should do so.
; But I ask gentlemen, suppose I am opposed to
' confiscation* what then? 1 have a right to be, and
i no man has a right to call me to account for it.
