1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2923
which it does not possess. The Senator has a
work for Congress to perform which it cannot do
within the Constitution, hence his anxiety to
prove it right to go outside of it. Even the Army
cannot pursue an enemy outside of the Constitu-
tion; that is, it can do nothing in such pursuit which
is in violation of the Constitution. Our "Gov-
ernment is bound by a written Constitution, and
nothing can be done which is not in conformity
with the Constitution" by any department of the
Government. No one of them, executive, legisla-
tive, or judicial, can go outside of it to grasp powers
not granted by it. Nor is it necessary that they
should. Every powernecessarytodefense,protec-
tion, and preservation is in the Government under
the Constitution. All the powers of war are in the
Government under the Constitution. All belliger-
ent rights are ours under the Constitution, includ-.
ingevery prerogative of capture, "confiscation, re-
quisition, or liberation known in war;"allof which
may be asserted by this Government under the
Constitution. Every law of nations, with its priv-
ileges, protections, and restraints, is ours under
the Constitution; and it is not true that any emerg-
ency has arisen, or can arise, imposing a neces-
sity to pursue any object outside of the Constitu-
tion. This is the com pletest and grandest and best
adjusted scheme of government that was ever de-
vised by the wisdom and patriotism of man. Let
us hold it fast to the sure foundations on which
its great builders placed it. So long as the differ-
ent departments of Government are held to their
proper orbits, there is no power which can by
possibility become necessary for the suppression
of the rebellion, the condign punishment of trea-
son, and the reestablishment of the authority of
the Government wherever it has been displaced,
that may not be asserted by the Government
within the Constitution. It is only where one de-
partment invades the prerogatives of another that
it becomes necessary for it to go outside of the
Constitution.
The Senator wishes to accomplish an object
which is nowfully within the constitutional power
of the Executive. Am I wrong in supposing that
he distrusts the Executive, and fears the power
will not be pushed to the extremity which he de-
sires? Hence, he ciaims the power for Congress.
ButCongress cannotassumeand exerciseit within
the Constitution, therefore he is driven to claim
the right for Congress to go outside of the Con-
stitution to reach this particular end.
I again bring together paragraphs from different
parts of his speech that their strong antagonisms
may be seen at a glance, that it may be perceived
at once how utterly irreconcilable they are. He
puts the question of slavery thus :
"Congress has no power under the Constitution over
slavery in the States." * * * "But there is another
power without which, 1 fear, the end will escape us. It is
that of confiscation and liberation, and this power is just
as constitutional as the other two." * * * *
" Jn declaring the slaves free, you will at once do more
than In any other way, whether* to conquer, to pacify, to
punish, or to bless." *******
"By the old rights of war, still prevalent in Africa, free-
men weie made slaves; but by the lights of war which 1
ask you to declare slaves will be made freemen.''
Is it unjust to the Senator to suppose that, as
he approaches this discussion, slavery casts its
dark shadow before him, and obscures the light
in which he would otherwise read and interpret
the powers of Congress? Is it unjust to conclude
that he hates slavery more than he loves the Con-
stitution, and that to reach and throttle the one lie
is willing to march over the prostrate form of the
other? Am 1 mistaken in concluding that he has
reached that state of mind which leads him to pre-
fer that slavery and the Constitution shall die to-
gether rather than that both shall live ?
Sir, my repugnance to this " relic of barbarism"
is not less than that of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. I do not hate slavery less. It
would be ungracious to say that I love the Con-
stitution more; but 1 will say that my veneration
for the one transcends my hostility to the other;
and that opposed, as every sentimentand instinct
of my natuic is, to the institution of slavery, and
willing as I am to wound it, I yet confess myself
afraid to strike it through the Constitution, or to
pursue it outside of the Constitution, to wound it
there. Why, Mr. President, this impatience to
fly from the "ills we have to those we know not
of?"
In the legitimate and constitutional prosecution
of the war the fetters are falling from the slaves
TIT
of the South faster than we can provide homes,
the means of subsistence, and the means of intel-
lectual and moral culture for the helpless, desti-
tute, and, in many cases, degraded freed men and
their families. Already they are beginning to press
heavily upon the white population of some local-
ities, and heavily upon the bounty of the Govern-
ment. Who, sir, will dare to estimate the conse-
quences, moral, political, social, and economical,
of precipitating, in one day, as the Senator pro-
poses, four millions of this population upon the
white communities of these States? Who can
contemplate them without a shudder? Who has
the reckless hardihood to venture upon such a so-
lution of this stupendous and oppressive problem
of human slavery ?
Before adopting the proposition of the Senator,
one of two things should be resolved upon. We
must either overcome all the repugnances of na-
ture; rase out from our hearts all the sentiments
of delicacy and propriety which we have supposed
instinctive; roll back the strong current of thought
and feeling and habit and education, and admit
the negroes to a full, free, and unqualified social
equality, or we must separate them from among
us, and place them where their country, constitu-
tion, laws, customs, society, shall all be their own,
and where there shall be a perfect and unrestricted
community of legal, political, and social rights.
The first of these can never be done. Heaven
has decrced against it; and as easily would the
leopard change his spots, or the Ethiopian his
skin, as we the firm, strong instincts of our na-
ture. The second, then, is the only alternative;
and I look with hope to the coming of the day
wh^n the bright vision of universal emancipation
shall be realized; when freedom shall rule the spa-
cious world from clime to clime; when civilization
and the arts shall penetrate every desert, rido'upon
every wave, and culture every shore; and when
the bond shall go free, and build up for themselves
a republic bright and glorious as our own, and press
on ward with us, side by side, in noble emulation for
the universal diffusion of human culture and hap-
piness. But the accomplishment of this requires
time and wise caution. It cannot be done in a
day. We must make haste slowly. The attempt
to do it in a day will prove fatal to it forever. It
would be one of those rash and extreme measures
which would inevitably defeat its own ends. The
power of slavery on this continent is already
broken. Its scepter has departed; its dominion
is overthrown; it can never regain its lost politi-
cal, social, and economical importance. It has
reached the point wheie <c the public mind rests
in the belief that it is in process of final extinc-
tion. " The question of expansion is conclusively
settled against it, and henceforward it will be a
" Scoipion girt with fire,
In circle narrowing as it glows."
Let us be patient, and let us be just, and the
storm that now beats upon us will soon have spent
its force; the clouds which now so gloomily over-
hang us will soon be scattered, and calm and sun-
shine again overspread and bless the entire land.
Let us stand by the Constitution and fulfill its
pledge to " guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government, and to protect
each of them against invasion," " and domestic
violence." Let us notbc seduced " outside of the
Constitution" by any temptation, however strong,
and thus admit before the nations that it has failed
in the purpose of its creation, and that we can no
longer govern in accordance with its provisions
and requirements. The Senator's proposition is
not to defend, maintain, and uphold the Govern-
ment we have; but to rend its pillais asunder, and
reconstruct another from its ruins. In what does
thisf differ from the effort of our revolted and re-
bellious people hnt in the means proposed for its
accomplishment?
Admitting that in a " government bound by a
written Constitution nothing can be done which
is not in conformity with the Constitution," the
Senator insists that we shall go outside of the Con-
stitution to make his wishes accomplished facts.
Admitting that " no person shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law,"which means without presentmentorother
judicial proceeding, he yet urges upon us, by a
simple act of legislation, to sweep millions of prop-
erty from those over whom, as citizens, we claim
and exercise jurisdiction.
Admitting that " no attainder of treason shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture, except
during the life of the person attainted," he yet
asserts that" there is nothing m the Constitution
to forbid an absolute forfeiture" for treason, and
urges that Congress shall at once proceed to con-
fiscate all the property, both real and personal, of
certain classes'of citizens of the United States, and
that forever.
Admitting that " the reason for proceedings in
rem is" " that the thing is, in a certain sense an
offender, or at least has cooperated with the of-
fender, as in the case of a ship in the slave trade,"
he yet maintains that proceedings in rem may be
instituted against all the property of rebels, where
ever found, simply because it is their property,
without any reference whatever to the uses to
which the property has been applied.
Admitting that persons captured in battle " may
be detained as prisoners till the close of the war,
unless previously released by exchange or clem-
ency," he yet contends that all pi isoners taken by
our armies may instantly be handed over to the
civil authorities, to be pursued and punished as
criminals.
Admitting that" Congress has no power under
the Constitution over slavery in the States," he
yet labors to prove the possession of the power
by Congress, and presses upon us to use it, of
declaring free all the slaves in all the States of the
Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I must correct the Senator.
My speech was with icgard to the rebel States,
not in regaid to all the Status of the Union. I
made no allusion to any State that was not in re-
bellion.
Mr. BROWNING. Admitting that "Congress
has no power under the Constitution over slavery
in the States," the Senator yetlabors to prove the
possession of the power by Congress, and presses
upon us to use it, of declaring ftee till the slaves
in all the rebel States of this Union, as he now
says.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will do me the
justice to say that I place it on the rights of war.
Mr. BROWNING. I do not care to hear
another speech at present. I care not on what
power he places, it. I deny and 1 defy, though I
do not like to use that word, any man to point to
one single word or letter in the Constitution which
confers upon Congress any power to do any act in
the exigency of war which it cannot do in times
of peace. There, sir, is where the heresy lies^ I
give the Senator's own woids, and while I desire
to treat lum with every possible ivspcct, and have
yielded to him repeatedly—a thing the Senator
rarely does for the accommodation of anybody—
I feel it incumbent upon me, as an American citi-
zen, to say nothing of my position as a Senator,
to enter my most earnest protest against this dan-
gerous and revolutionary heresy that the powers
of Congress are enlarged and amplified by a state
of war. It overthrows the Government and ac-
complishes here in this Chamber what the rebels
have not accomplished,and never can accomplish.
Such, sir, are the extremities to which the Sen-
ator is diiven, the inconsistencies in which he is
involved, by his effort to compass an object which,
in my humble judgment, is not only unconstitu-
tional but which, if successful, will be fatal to the
integrity of the Government itself, and change its
entire character. Is it uncharitable to say that
another object seems to lie much nearer the gen-
tleman's heart than the crushing out of the rebel-
lion and the reestablishment of the authority of
the Government in all the States?
I avow my objectto be, with all the terrible en-
ginery of war, to crush down and trample out, at
once and forever, this wicked and diabolical re-
bellion; then to pursue and blast its leadeis and
fomentors with the severest punishments that can
be visited upon this most malignant and unpar-
donable treason, and to win back the hearts of the
deluded masses to the good old Government
which protected them thiough all the past, and
which they cannot, even now, remember without
a tear of gratitude and a sigh of regiet, and from
the shelter of which they were ciuclly enticed
away to be exposed to the pelting of the pitiless
storm of treason and rebellion which hns wasted
their fortunes, desolated their homes, murdered
their families, embittered their lives, and dark-
ened all their future. I wish to win them back;
and, as the strongest possible inducement to re-
turn, I wish them to be fully assured that when
