1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
forces shall not be permitted to leave the State, but ehall be
delivered up to the Government of the Union; and those
who refuse to do so will be guilty of treason, and be justly
dealt with as traitors.
Treason against the United States consists as well m
adhering to its enemies and giving them aid" ad in levying
war. , . . .
If it be asked, what are those to do who m their con-
sciences cannot vote to separate Viittfuia nom the United
States, the answer is simple and plain: honor and duty
alike require that they should not vote on the question j and
if thev retain such opinions, they must leave the State.
None can doubt or question the tiuth of what I have
written and none can vote against the ordinance of seces-
sion who do not thereby (whether ignorantly or otherwise)
vote to place himself and his State in the position 1 have
indicated. J- M. MASON.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, there is one
other document to which I shall ask the attention
of the House. It is the manifesto of the gentle-
man now occupying the seat here, published when
he declared himself a candidate for Congress, after
he had solicited two other prominent gentlemen
in the district to become candidates, and failed to
prevail on them. I desire to have that address
read, to show the position occupied by Mr. Up-
ton, and after that X do not care to trouble the
House longer.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Palls Church, Fairfax County, Mar/15, 1861.
On Friday last I visited Alexandria, and placed ihe sub-
joined announcement in the hands of the editor of the
Gazette, who promised to publish the same if X would omit
the portion contained in biacketa. I consented to tbid
change, but the promise ha& not been kept:
To the voters of the seventh congressional district:
i hereby offer myself as a candidate lor cleciion to Rep-
resent you in the next (Tluuy-Scventh) Congies* of the
United States, upon the ba^is of the maintenance ol the
Union. [The recent convention at Richmond, called with-
out authority, and usurping all authority, has undertaken
to set asidu the supreme law of the laud in lmeienco to
elections to Congress.—Acts 1852-33, chap. 3, see. 7, p. 1]
As, therefore, in mof-t of the precincts thioughout tlie dis-
trict no poll will be opened for mcmbeis of Congre&s, f call
upon Union men to open side polls, and pre^oive the evi-
dence of the wishes ot the people, a eopv of which may he
transmitted to me, at Falls* Church, Fairfax county, or to
ilon. John VV. Forney, Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, at Washington. CHARLES II. UPTON.
At Alexandria I witnessed the first fruits of the revolution
now in progress; the wharves vveie without shipping, many
of the stores were eloped, and the streets, excepting a lew
persons in regimentals, were almost deseited ; the silence
of the ancient borough, where the immoital Washington
once voted and woishlppcd, was almost oppressive, and it
was with a sad heart that I looked upon nil this. The lead-
ing spirits of this revolution talk about a Lincoln's Govern-
ment—the Noith invading the South—a mercenaiy aimy
menacing Virginiabut all this is the language of bitter
partisans. The Noith has never yet invaded the South—
tlie foot of no aimed soldier of the Union has yet pie.wd
tlie soil of Viiginiu, nor has the evicting Admim.stiation
done aught hut defend the ling and propeity ot the nation,
cut a path to its hcieagured capital, and blockade the ports
which refused to pay'duties at the custom-nouses ot the
Union. This is what has been done, and thi* i> the whole
of it; and for thus pei forming his sworn duty, the President
of the United States 1ms been accused of "invading the
South,'"1 and Jeff Davis, whose supporters have all the while
led the way in aggression, now talks of Ck accepting " the
the war which is made I The siege of Fort Sumter must
be blotted from history before the woild will "accept*' this
reversal of truth. Everybody knowa where,and hywlmm,
this political saturnalia was begun; the gloiy and shame of it
belongs to South Carolina, who*e public men openly avow
that they have long nought an oppotmnity tooveithiowthc
Government established by Washington and Jefferson and
their compeers.
The question whether Virginia will join the alliance
formed by the Gulf .States, lor this puipo-o, instill before
the people. The Richmond convention did nor dare to take
it from them; yet we are toid that all aie ftaitoi  who do not
indorse tlie ordinance of secession,5'as u is called, passed
by tiiat convention. How is this? Did this convention,
among their secret acts, abolish the Vugima bill of rights,
the magna cliaita ot Virginia liberty? if not, here is the
second clause of that glonou5 njftmment: " 77iat all power
is vested in, and consequently derived jrcm, the pcoplr; that
magistrates are their trustees and servants, and at all times
amenablelo them.'''' This convention, then, i= still amenable
to, the people, and the M-Yty-odd thousand Union majority
which walked its election may hold it to account. The
people have still one oppoitunity left (God giant that it may
not be the la^t) to redeem theii hentagc, and restoie the
imperiled Union. The effoit to deprive the people nt'their
deliberate vote by clamor and threats, to put down free-
dom of speech and the press by denouncing the speedy
infliction ot the penalties of treason upon ail who dare to
question the wisdom and authority of the convention, if it
succeeds, will make the ejection of Thursday liexta mock-
ery- Union men of Virginia! hieak the silence you have
kept too long; come forth in your full strength, and show
the world that Richmond is not all of Viigima; and, if vou
cannot out-votc the tioops which are now quartered upon
you and eating out your substance, at least .-how a moral
strength in your numbers which will serve to make those
who for a time hold your destinies in their hands, pause
before they finally determine that Virginia, now the geo-
graphical center of this great nation, shall he handed over
to the new-fangled confederacy, to become their outposts,
their fence, and shield fiom danger, that they may sow and
reap in safety, while our crops are trampled down and
waited by armies and their cainp-foliowers; that their wives
and children may sleep in security at their homes, while
ou>s are scattered and flying from then dwellings.
My political creed, the* same which IIen«-j <jj]rty believed,
teaches me that my fust obedience is due. not to Massa-
chusetts, where I was born—not to Vngima, which holds
all iny earthly possessions, and where 1 have lived, with
the exception of two brief intervals, for the lasttwenty five
years—neither to tlie State of my nativity nor to the State
of my adoption, but to the United States ot America; and
the Government under which we live, instead of a bless-ing,
will be a torment, a psiplexity, and a curse to the citizen,
until the pestilent heresy of State sovereignty is rooted out
of the land. Look at the condition, fellow-citizens, in which
wc are likely to be placed aftei the troops have fifed and
drummed and bayoneted us out of the Union. If we ad-
here to the flag of our country, we commit treason against
the confederate States; if we go ovei to the confederate
States, we commit treason against the United States; and
thus the two governments have each a halter ready for our
necks. Wo might as well go hang ourselves at once, and
save them both all further trouble about our miserable car-
casses. For my&elf, I shall take on no new allegiance,
tiain after no new banner. That I have lived under I will
die undei; and in thi.- connection, I saj , a? Luther did at
the Diet of Woims, "God help me—I ran do no other-
wise." CHARLES II. UPTON.
Mr. HARRISON". Mr. Speaker, time spent
in the careful and thorough examination of this
case is not, in my judgment, time misspent, for it
involves an important principle, and it may have
much, certahly something, to do with the restora-
tion of the Union in its pristine integrity, vigor,
and glory. I shall occupy the attention of the
House only a short time, because I think this is
one of those cases which eithercommends itself to
the favor or disfavor of the mind capable of com-
prehending it, upon the very statement of it. There
are some propositions so reasonable and others so
absurd that the mere statement either proves or
disproves them. I think this is one of them.
The chief objection urged against the right of
the sitting member to a seat in this House, as I
understand it, is that, in consequence of the dis-
turbed political condition of tlie congressional dis-
trict which lie claims to represent at the time the
election was held, the majority of the voters did
not or could not exercise the elective franchise.
Mr. WORCESTER. If my colleague will allow
me to interrupt him, I will say that the report is
based upon no such view. The report does not
find that the sitting member is not elected for the
reason that the seventh congressional district of
Virginia was m a disturbed condition. It merely
expresses a doubt whether the condition was such
as to make this election valid; that is all.
Mr. HARRISON. With all deference t.5 my
colleague, I understand that one of the chief points
made by the Committee of Elections against the
right of the sitting member to retain his seat to be
this: that, in the seventh congressional district of
Virginia, at the time prescribed by the law of the
State for'the election of members of Congress, last
May, the condition of that district was such as to
prevent the electors of the district from voting for
a member of Congress. But if I have misunder-
stood the committee in that regard, no member
who heard the discussion of this case yesterday
has forgotten that that objection was urged, and
very ably urged, by the learned gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield,] and,in my hum-
ble judgment, it is the only point of objection
which is entitled to much consideration in the in-
vestigation of the case.
Now, sir, I repeat that to my mind the only ob-
jection against the right of the siuing member to
retain his seat in this House which is entitled to
serious examination is, that in consequence of the
disturbed political condition of the congressional
district which he claims to represent, at the time
the election was held, a majority of the voters did
not or could not exercise the elective franchise.
In order to test the soundness of this objection
it is necessary to ascertain the cause of the alleged j
disturbed condition of the district in question, and j
to view the true nature of it. I will endeavor to J
very briefly state what I understand these to have :
been.
Shortly prior to the election under which the
incumbent claims to retain his seat, a treasonable
conspiracy against the Government of the United
States culminated in open rebellion. Many parties
to this conspiracy and rebellion were citizens of f
the district in which the election now alleged to j
have been invalid was held. There were, conse- ;
quently, at that time two classes of citizens in that j
district—loyal citizens and traitors. It appeals j
from tlie report of the Committee ofJE!e<tio s :
which is now under consideration that the latter j
class was probably the most numerous. A part I
of the infamous scheme of the conspirators was
to prevent, if possible, an election of members of
Congress from the district in which this election
was held, as well as in other congressional dis-
tricts where the conspirators supposed there was
any hope of successful rebellion.
To that end, in the month of April last, these
conspirators, through the instrumentality of fraud
and the power of the mob*brought to bear upon
the State convention assembled in Richmond, suc-
ceeded in passing an ordinance, which, among
other things, assumed to ordain that there never
should be in the State of Virginia another elec-
tion for members of the Congress of the United
States. But, sir, that ordinance, as every mem-
ber of this House, I trust, will admit, was, when
it was adopted, and still is, an absolute nullity.
It never had any legal or constitutional operation
or force. It is absolutely void. Nothing can be
claimed from it to affect the rights of any loyal
citizen of the State of Virginia, or of any State in
the Union.
Now, sir, the loyal citizens of the seventh con-
gressional district of Virginia were desirous of
frustrating that part of the scheme of the conspir-
ators to which I have alluded, by which it was
sought to prevent the election of members of Con-
gress from that State. To accomplish that end,
it was necessary for those loyal citizens to hold
an election for a member of Congress at the time
prescribed by the laws of Virginia. 1 giant that
they could not hold an election on any other day,
because notwithstanding the-ordinance of seces-
sion of Virginia, to which 1 have referred, under-
took to abrogate the law prescribing the time and
manner of holding elections for members of Con-
gress in that State, that law was nevertheless in
ifulifoice. Such an election was held. Uut it is
said that all the loyal citizens of the district did
not vote, because they dare not from fear of vio-
lence.
.By whom was this violence threatened ? By men
who had committed treason against the Govern-
ment of the United States and were in rebellion
against its lawful authority. Neither those who
voted at that election nor the member elected by
them were parties to the means employed to de-
bar any of the loyal electors from attending the
polls. On the contrary, they did all they could
do to avoid such duress.
Now, I confess where an election is held, al-
though it may be holden at the time and place,
and in the manner piescribed by law, yet if either
the successful candidate or his supporters, by
means of fiaud or violence,"prevent the electors
of the district from fairly exorcising their right to
vote, the election is void. But, sir, that is hy no
means this case. I understand the propositionm
dispute to be this: wherever any portion of the
loyal electors of a congressional district in good
faith hold an election at the time, and substantially
in the manner prescribed by the law for the holding
of such an election, shall their will be deflated,
and the loyal citizens and inhabitants of the dis-
trict be deprived of representation in Congress,
from the fact that traitots in the district did not
vote, or because some of the loyal citizens of the
district may have been prevented fi orn exercising
the elective franchise by the fraud or force of per-
sons in rebellion against the Government.
Now, sii, I take it that no gentleman who has
given any attention to the subject will assert that
the simple fact that a very small number of the
electors in a congressional district may vote on
the day appointed for the holding of elections for
members of Congress will invalidate an election.
If in the seventh congressional district of Ohio,
at the election next October, very few of the
electors should vote for a member of Congress,
all the others lefraining, and not being prevented
from voting, I suppose no gentleman will claim
that the citizen elected by those who actually
voted, however small in number, would not be
entitled to his seat in this House. But the gen-
tleman who sits before me, [Mr. Dawes,] and
who will probably close the argument in tins case,
may say that that is not the point of objection.
Pie will probably urge that the real point of ob-
jection m this case is, that the disturbed condition
'of the district which the incumbentclaims to rep-
lesent actually debarred many electors who de-
sired to do so fiom voting at the election.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have been some-
what troubled to ariive at a satisfactory conclu-
