1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
the expensps of this war, and then not touch the
property of the traitors who have occasioned all
this, which, in my judgment, is within our reach.
I think that a mistake is made in this motion
to refer; but the motion to refer to-day does not
come from an opponent of confiscation, but from
a friend, and several friends around me think it
best to have it referred, I differ from them. Their
judgment may be, and very likely is, better than
mine; but if they thought as I do, we would vote
down this motion to refer. If those in the Sen-
ate who 1 believe are for confiscation had rallied
and voted together, I believe we could have had
a vote before this hour on the mam proposition,
instead of wasting this whole day upon this mo-
tion. We have accomplished nothing to-day. I
know not whether we shad get a vote upon the
question of reference. But, sir, I do not know
how it is that five or seven members of the body
Will be able to settle the Constitution for the forty
or forty-five others who are not upon that com-
mittee. I do not know whatlight even my friend
from Maine will get from the consultations of this
committee, unless he should be one of them, as I
hope ho may be. He may, if he is one of them,
satisfy himself, and by turning his attention to
these matters, which, it seems, he has not been
able hitherto to examine, he may satisfy the Sen-
ate.
Sir, I will conclude what little I have to say—
and 1 should not have said anything except as
called for by the remarks of the Senator from
Matne—by expressing my gratification in learn-
ing that he is for a confiscation bill just as far as
the limits of the Constitution will allow him to
go; and beyond that I would certainly not ask him
to go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
of explanation. Something that was dropped by
my friend from Illinois leads me to the suspicion
that he infers from what I said that I designated
certain gentlemen as wishing to go beyond the
constitutional limits, in opposition to those who
were not disposed to do so. I meant to convey
no such idea. All I intended to say, and I suspect
all I did say, for I believe it must arise rather
from the suspicion of my friend than otherwise,
was that here were a number of bills; I perceived
on one side, with regard to some of them, several
gentlemen had constitutional scruples with ref-
erence to the biils which they did not approve,
and to which they proposed amendments; but
they were willing to go as far as, in their judg-
ment, the limits of the Constitution would allow.
Far be it from me to suppose that any member of
the Senate, more paiucularly my honorable fiiend 1
from Illinois, fui whom I have the highest regard
and lespect always, would go one mn^le inch be-
yond what he supposed the Constitution allowed
him to go. I have that sort of respect for every
member of the Senate, that I do not suppose such
a thing possible in any case. Still, we may differ
upon that subject, and we do differ, and 1 believe
that something is due to the scruples of men who
are not quite so broad m their views of that instru-
ment as others, and that it is important and use-
ful in all cases, if we can do it, to find a common
ground which we can all stand upon without vio-
lating the sciuples of anybody. That is simply
the idea I meant to convey.
As to the suggestion that I should not he likely
to get any light from the deliberations of five men
unless I was one of them, I suppose that was a
sort of hit which my friend intended to be a little
sharp on me. All 1 have to say about that is, that
really I do think that even if I am not one of them,
the deliberations of five of our respected fellows
in this Hall, looking at The subject conscientiously
and with a desire to come to the truth, could en-
lighten me, moie especially as I have had no op-
portunity to pnhght'Mi myself. If my friend would
allow me to reply m the same sort of spirit, but
good-naturedly, I should not hope that any de-
liberation of anybody would enlighten him.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. The indi-
cations arc that the motion made by the Senator
from New Hampshire to commit this bill to a
special committee will receive the support of the
Senate. I suggest to the Senator who proposed
to make it a committee of seven, that he make the
committee to consist of nine members. We have
a large bieadth of country, and men who have
expressed various opinions and who entertain va-
rious opinions here, and if the committee were
raised to nine it would broaden the base of action.
If you could get a body of that size to agree to a
proposition substantially, it would strengthen it
in the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to any par-
ticular number. I made the motion for a commit-
tee of five, in the first instance, and afterwards
modified it to seven. If it is now thought advisa-
ble to have nine, I have no objection to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the motion, so that the committee shall
consist of nine members.
Mr. CLARIC. 1 accept that modification, if it
is desired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion be-
fore the Senate is that this bill, with all the accom-
panying propositions of amendment, be commit-
ted to a special committee of nine members.
Mr. COWAN. I merely wish to utter a single
wo id of explanation. I have been alluded to very
freely during the debate all this afternoon; and I
should not have thought fit to say anything about
it were it not that when the report of it goes out
to the country it will go out, as they have gone
universally, misrepresenting me. Why I am so
much alluded to at all times and upon all occa-
sions, 1 cannot for the life of me conceive. The
phrase has become so pat upon the tongue that it
repeats it as H were a trick, that I am" the u en-
emy of all confiscation." I do not object to the
word "enemy." Gentlemen may use " enemy,"
or " opponent," or what they choose, provided
that the fact, when asserted, is true. Why, sir, \
I esteem myself the very Ajux Telamon of effect- !
ive confiscation. [Laughter.] I think myself—|
and I have a right to entertain a high opinion of !
myself as well as other gentlemen—that I am the
especial apostle of a great confiscation, and an
effective one. I have said over and over again
that your legislative confiscation here was a mere
brulihnfiUmcn, which amounted to nothing. Mine
would 
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I dispute that honor with him. I think I am the
best confiscation man in this body. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. I yield to the gentleman'sage
only. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, 1 have said over and over again that
I was perfectly willing that the President, with
his aim}' of seven hundred thousand men, should
go on and apply that force to the rebellion, to take,
seize, and confiscate everything which he and his
generals m their judgment thought proper. Itwas j
Their judgment I submitted to; but I was not a
general, (although, perhaps, I might be quite as
good a general as some of the parlor heroes who
know so much about the war, and the best way !
to put down the rebellion)—I therefore left it to !
the judgment of the generals to do everything, no
matter what, which would tend to put down the
rebellion. If that is not confiscation enough, I
do not know what gentlemen want. They do not
expect to confiscate property until it is taken. I
I say, go and take it; take all you can. I have
advised that we ought not to talk quite so much
about it until itwas taken. I thought we were
making rather extensive prepaiations to cook the
hare before we caught it. Go, then, and take this j
property, and after it is taken, if you want to con-
fiscate it in the real sense of the word, that is, get
it into the Treasury, enact such a law as will get
it there. This we are competent to do. We are
competent to dispose of the plunder, the booty,
the prize; but we cannot take it; no law will take
it. It must be taken by force, if it belongs to an
enemy.
Gentlemen seem to find so much fault with this
opinion of mine, that because I gave the Presi-
dent full, ample authority to meet this rebellion
and put it down, I was chargcd with not under-
standing the true spirit of our institutions, and
making a despot of the President. I am very free
to confess I do not understand that, and do not !
know any reason why that should be so. Arc j
gentlemen fearful that the President will hurt the ,
rebels with his despotic authority ? If I have j
heard any complaint at all, it is that he is not des- .
potic enough, that the force is not applied with j
sufficient rapidity, with sufficient vigor to make i
it effective. I have not thrown a straw in the way j
of the application of that force. < J
Therefore I make these remarks simply in or-
der that when the, report of this day's proceedings j
goes abroad, it may not appear that 1 sat by and !
' i
allowed the assertion to go sub silentio that I was
opposed to, and. an enemy of all confiscation,
simply because it is not true. I have not quar-
reled with any other man's plan at all. I think I
have done that which in my judgment would do
more to take and seize the property of rebels iand
put it into the fisc or coffer of the nation and make
it a fund for the purpose of indemnifying the-
country than any of those who have offered bills
for that purpose. I have done it in a way that no
man can doubt the constitutionality of it. No-
body can say that the bill that I have offered is
liable to a constitutional objection. I have not
heard anybody say so. It go'es as far as to out-
law the rebel, and to outlaw him according to a
process which has existed and been handed down
to us from our ancestors, for thousands of years,
a pait of the learning of the law books which is
so distasteful to some gentlemen on this floor that
a man is likely to be tabooed if he refers to it.
I do not know why that should be so. I do not
know why a lawyer, and a very good lawyer,
should entertain that opinion. 1 do not know
either that it is necessary it should be uttered, in
order to do what? To ingratiate a man's self with
the mob, to teach our people to have disrespect for
a learned profession; one which stands by their
rights, one to which they appeal in all cases of
trouble and difficulty; one which {venture to say
is as true to its trusts at all times as any in the
country. I do not know any reason why these
sneers should be thrown at that profession. I
think it would be a great deal better for every one
of us if we were to consult our books oftener, and
I think the spectacle which we have been witness-
ing here in this Senate for some time is one of the
best evidences of that fact. If, when we began
this business, we had sat down carefully to exam- *
ine and see what power we had under the Con-
stitution, how we were limited and restrained by
it, perhaps we should have been saved much of the
mortification which has resulted from a premature
attempt to adjust a scheme and exercise a power
which all must agree is by no means as clear as
some think it is.
We have been told, too, that the people will
feel sad and sorry when they find that there is no
measure of confiscation such as is contemplated
here to go forth to gratify them. Mr. President,
I do not know how it is as to the people who are
spoken of, but I know as to the people of my own
State, and I can say to the Senate that the people
there with whom I have conversed have sense
enough to know that confiscation has never been
a fit and proper remedy for the purpose of recon-
ciling a rebellion, and bringing back people who
are temporarily hostile to reunite with each other,
and live as heretofore, fellow-citizens under the
same Government.
Mr. HALE. Then why go for it?
Mr. COWAN. I go for it as a measure of war.
I leave it m the hands of the commander of the
Army, and of the Army itself. That is not le-
gislative confiscation, but a very different thing.
This confiscation is to be done by the Legislature;
and you decide here that these people are guilty,
and you decide what punishment they shall suf-
fer, and you deny them all the right of trial. To
that I object. When the President, with the war
power in* his hand—the force of the nation—seizes
upon the property of the rebel, he takes him in
the fact; no trial is needed, and I am willing that
it shall be so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion to refer?
Mr. CLARK. I hope we shall comc to a vote
now.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were oidered ;and being taken,resulted—yeas
24,'nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Drowning Chirk, Collamcr,
Cow an, I>avi«, Doohtiie, Fessenden, Foot. Fo^tcu, Hauls,
I-Iendctoon, Howe, Kennedy, McDou^all, Morrill. Powell,
Saulsbuiv, Simmon*. Stark, Sumner, Willcy, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—24.
NAYS Mcs-m.-*. Chandler, Dixon. Grimes, Tlnle, Harlan,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane or' Kansas, Pomeroy, Sher-
man^ Ten EycJc, Trumbull, Wade, aud Wright—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is agreed to; and the bill, with the accompanying
propositions of amendment, is referred to a select
committee of nine; but the proposition does not
embrace the mode of appointing that committee.
Seveial Senators. Let it be appointed by the
Chair.
