1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005*
sion on that proposition. It is an important ques-
tion; and, m my judgment, sir, the case that is
now before us can be "decided without committing
the House on tlmt precise legal question. I pre-
fer, therefor.*, on this occasion, not to discuss that
question. i therefore submit, that in order to oust
a member of i his House from his seat, when chosen
under the chcumstanoes under winch the sitting
membei was oiocted, it should appear to the House
that the loyal voters of that district who could not
at'end the flection, or a majority of them, object
to his continued occupancy of the seat, in conse-
quence of the fact that they were not allowed to
vote. The sitting member was duly admitted to
liis seat at the opening of the present Congress.
The demand now is that he be ousted. In order
to justify the House in turning him out of the
body, it seems to me that it should satisfactorily
be made known to the House that at least a con-
siderable number of the loyal voters of the seven tli
congiessional district of Virginia, who did not
vote when he was elected, insist that he shall be
ousted in consequence of their inability to vote.
Their silence may justly be regaided as an ac-
quiescence in the result of the election and of the
action of the Mouse at the special session admit-
ting him to his seat.
Mr. WORCESTER. I would inform the gen-
tleman that we have that very expression from the
people of that district. At an election held in the
city of Alexandria in the month of October last,
the contestant of this seat was elected by fifteen
times the number of votes that were cast for the
incumbent, or even that lie claims were cast for
him.
xVlr. HARRISON. I am aware, sir, from what
"has passed during the consideration of this ease,
that there was a pretended election held last Octo-
ber m this congressional district, but 1 did not sup-
pose that my learned friend and colleague would
claim that that election amounted fo anything
more than the vote by which the oiuinance of
secession passed the convention at Richmond.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio will
permit me to inform him that that election was
held under the same proclamation of Governor
Pierpont, and according to the same torm,and in
every manner just like the one winch the gentle-
man voted for the other day, with oniy this dif-
fcunce: that, at the one he voted for the other
day,only twenty-five votes were cast, while at this,
one hundred and thirty-eight votes were cast.
Mi. HARRISON. Although the provisional
government of the State of Vn^inia may have
been recognized by this House, and although the
other day, acting upon a principle settled by the
Supreme Couitof theUnited States in the Rhode
Island case, that all departments of the Govern-
ment were bound to leco^nize the State and Ex-
ecutive of the State which the President of the
United States recognized, I did vole as lie has
suggested, yet I did not suppose that the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections [Mi . 13awls]
would claim that ?m election held before the pro-
visional government was created and went into
operation, would be in the slightest degi«'e affected.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman must know that
I claim no such tiling as that. The gentleman
staled that there were no poisons m the district
who intimated an objection, and it was in response
to that statement that I stated to the House that,
according to the forms he himself had recognized
valid, men had taken objection to the number of
fifteen times as many as supported the incumbent.
Mr. HARRISON. I was not sure that I was
right, and I am glad tlu t the gentleman from
Massachusetts has explicitly stated his position.
This party, then, is treated as a contestant, lie
is claimed to have been elected 1a«t fall, and, to
some extent, his claim is r< cognized by the Com-
mittee of Elections. It seems to me, in order to
justify the House in turning the sitting membei
out of* the body, whatever it might be inclined to
do, and whatever might be its duty, it the ques-
tion wcic now an original one, itsnouhl be satis-
factorily made known to the House that the loyal
voters of the seventh congressional district of Vn-
gima will not be fairly and faithfully represented
by the member who was cho.sen at the <iictt<>n
last May. I do not call in question the loyalty
or chaiaoter of those who voted at the pr«.tended
election last October j but 1 do not know w iseth'T
they are true loyal citizens of the State ot Vn-
ginia or not.
Mr. WORCESTER. If my colleague will
peimit me, I will say to him that we have their
certificates to show that they voted for a member
of this Congiess, if that is any evidence of their
loyalty.
Mr. HARRISON. I am glad to be assured that
there are mure than ten loyal men in the seventh
congressional distiictof Virginia. But, sir, my
point is this: that the loyal citizens of the seventh
congressional district of Virginia have not pre-
setted a memorial to this House asking the House
to oust the sitting member from a seat in this Hall.
The gentleman before me [Mr. Dawes] sug-
gests that those who voted last fall have sent a
memorial in the shape of the person who claims
to have been elected last fall. Well, I have no
doubt that that gentleman has made due profert
of himself before the committee; but he has not
been presented in person to the House, as all
memorials are required to be.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly my friend is mis-
taken there. He has made profert of himself to
the House, and has made profert of one hundred
and thirty votes in the House here, and the House
referred him to the committee, and lie is a con-
testant of this man whose case is now before the
House; and the title of the printed paper which
the gentleman lias before him, and front which he
derives his notes, indicates that fact.
* Mr. HARRISON. The Committee of Elec-
tions, as I understand, have not reported in favor
of the claim of thatgentleman. They have treated
it as being not entitled to the consideration of the
House.
Mr. DAWES. Why does my friend make the
statement that the committee have treated that
claim as not deserving the consideration of the
House? Dors not the gentleman know that the
ieason the two repoits are not joined together is,
that they resnltfrom two distinct and independent
elections, and cannot be joined together?
Mr. HARRISON. I was not aware why they
were not joined together.
Mt. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman that
that is the reason.
Mr. HARRISON. 1 understand it to be a fact,
ihoui;h not fully advised m Kgard to it, that the
Connniuee of Elections do not consider that the
gentleman who claims to contest the seat of the
sitting membei has a valid claim.
Mr" DAWES. I submit that my friend is en-
tirely unposted in this matter.
Mr. HARRISON. Perhaps I am.
Mr. DAWES. Then I regret that my fuend
should undei take to say to the House that which
he confesses himself he knows nothing about.
Mr. HARRISON. I made the statemcntpartly
because, upon the principle oil which thereportof
the committee in the Sugar case was piedicated, I
did not think they would report to the House that
a man who i eeeived only the number of votes which
my fiiend says this gentleman received lastfall, is
entitled to a seat m 'this liousc. I supposed they
would apply to all future cases the principle which
governed them in that case,
i Now,sir,thequestionstill recurs,notwithstand-
I in  the ingenious method my fnend has resorted
to in order to dispose of the point, as to whethei
all pn sumptions shall not operate in favor of the
sitting' member retainmg his seat. Now, it seems
to me t hat ,p i vin^ him the benefit of such presump-
tions, neii her the fact that an election was held
last October, not the fact that the sitting member
did not receive a majority of the votes of that
concessional district'at the time of his election,
should cause us to oust hiiu fiom his scat.
A few suggestions, in conclusion, upon the gen-
eial proposiiiun to which I have alluded m the
opening. Suppose that m the seventh congres-
sional d^tnet of Vitgima, when this election was
held last May, there wen- only ten loyal citizens,
and they assembled and m good faith voted tor a
Ij membr r of Congress, and all" the remaining voters
p of the district, in consequence of being engaged in
j! a treasonable conspiiacy to overthrow the national
!' Governnif nt, absented themselves from the polls,
|; I submit that die person < hosen by these ten loyal
j1 citizens w<.uld be the choice of all the citizens of
I that district entitled, under the Constitution, to
: elect a m^mb^r of Congress fiom that district,
j' Hence, 1 do n-_ t see how"this House could refuse
to admit a person coming here with such a vote,
j; Probably the gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Ii DAWF.s]"in his closing argument may satisfy me
upon that point, and if he does, I shall vote in
conformity with his report. It must be borne in"
mind that representation is not founded upon the
number of voters in a given congressional district;
but the Constitution founds representation upon
population.
Mr. WORCESTER. My colleague will allow
me to interrupt him once more. I will state to
my colleague that the evidence m this case shows
that there were seventy-nine Union men who.voted
on that day at the polls at Ball's Cross Roads.
Mr. HARRISON. I suppose my colleague
will not claim that the sixty-nine, because they
declined to vote for a member of Congress, would
have any right now to object, and to claim the
benefit of having failed to discharge their duty by
voting for a member of Congress.
Mr. WORCESTER. I would state that the
transcript which we have here of the poll-book at
Ball's Cross Roads does not purport to be a per-
fect transcript, and we cannot tell, and there is
no evidence before the House or before the com-
mittee to show, for whom those seventy-ninemen
voted, or whether or not they voted at all.
Mr. HARRISON. That is a new fact to me.
Mr. WORCESTER. I presume it is, as I see
the gentleman does not understand the whole case
yet.
Mr. HARRISON. I repeat that is a new point,
and I confess I am not sufficiently familiar with
the facts in regard to it, as the committee in their
report have not disclosed them, to enable me to
discuss it. I read the whole report very carefully
last night and tried to understand every fact bear-
ing upon this case; yet I may have failed to clearly
comprehend the statements and positions of the
committee. But I reassert that the seventy-nine
electois who voted at this poll were,according to
the law of the State of Virginia, in the discharge
of their duty as citizens of the United States and
of that State, and ought to have voted for a mem-
ber of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says he is «ot
fully posted, and therefore he will excuse me if I
tiy to post him a little. The evidence before the
committee was that there was an armed band of
soldicts, eighteen in number,*at that poll, who
kept every man within their power from voting;
that these ten succeeded clandestinely in slipping
in their votes into a side box.
Mr. HARRISON. It seems there were ten
courageous Union citizens there,and thatalthough
an attempt was made by violence to prevent these
loyal men from exercising the greatest privilege
of an American citizen—the elective franchise—
they had courage enough to do it. I regret ex-
ceedingly that the other sixty-nine had not the
same courage.
Mr. UPTON. The voting was not clandestine.
The law of Virginia requires that the vote shall
be xvett tocc.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Virginia
will not deny, in the presence of nine members of
the committee, that lie himself stated before the
committee that these ten men watched theiroppor-
tuinty and voted when the soldiers did not know it.
Mr. UPTON. Was that clandestine ?
Mr. DELA NO. Allow me to read a paragraph
from the evidence.
Mr. HARRISON. I have no doubt that if I
shall ever see this debate m print, I shall be in
the same condition as to my remarks that my ven-
erable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe]
was the other day in reading his speech upon the
conduct of the war. They will be so interpolated
with the observations of others that I shall hardly
be able to recognize them. However, I yield again
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DELANO. As to this point, whether there
was intimidation enough, I call the attention of
the House to a portion of the evidence, which I
imagine has not been very generally distributed.
I refer to the testimony of Richard Southern,
which is as follows:
"Question. Were there armed men present belonging to
the annv of Vuyiuia, uidedvoimg to ptovent the opening
of the polls ? ,
jhiswer. Thcie were armed men. but thry did not pre-
vent the opf-ninjz ot the polK Then- wa  one otiieer name
into tiie loom, and looked upon the poll-hook and wiw votir
nuinc [Mr I'ptonV] -ipon the maojui foi membei of-Oon-
pre-f, and 1 he.ud him say t:iat if lie could g<t a sight of
Upton ' lie be d d it he bhould ever take a seat n  Con-
gi 5 ''
Mr. HARRISON. Probably, Mr. Speaker,if
