1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the rebel who uttered that threat had known what
would have been the possible fate in this House
of the member from the seventh congressional dis-
trict of Virginia, he would not have been so anx-
ious to prevent him from taking his seat by the
infliction of violence upon him.
So far from the manner in which these ten loyal
and valorous men succeeded in voting for a true
Union man to represent them in the Congress of
the United States being any objection to their votes
being counted, and their voice being heard with
respect, it entitles them to be treated with the ut-
most consideration and respect. Sir, the constit-
uents of the gentleman from Massachusetts can
assemble in their respective precincts, and be fully
Protected in the exercise of the elective franchise,
n Virginia when, acccording to the law of that
State, members of Congress were to be elected last
May, whoever chose to undertake to exercise that
privilege, had to do it by encountering great risks.
My views of this case require mo to give the
gentleman from Virginia the benefit of all reason-
able presumptions. Giving him the benefitof those
presumptions, and as he has been admitted to a
seat upon this floor, and as I do not think the gen-
tleman who undertakes to contest his seat, by vir-
tue of an election held several months after that
at which the sitting member was elected, is enti-
tled to make such a contest—unless the gentleman
who will close this debate shall convince me that
I am wrong in the premises upon which I predi-
cate my conclusion—I shall cast my vote, not to
admit the gentleman from Virginia, but that he
shall retain the seat he already occupies. Not a
single congressional district in the United States,
in which there are a sufficient number of loyal
voters to choose a true Union member of Con-
gress; and who exercise that choice at the time
and substantially in the manner prescribed bylaw,
shall, by any vote of mine, go unrepresented in
this House.
Mr. LOOMIS. The Speaker, it was not my
intention to say a single word upon this case until
after the discussion commenced yesterday, and I
had seen the Committee of Elections, of which I
am an humble member, somewhat roundly abused
by several gentlemen. A persistent effort has been
made by some gentlemen who have spoken in
favor of Mr. Upton, to make it appear that the
Committee of Elections occupy the position (to-
ward him) of prosecutors or persecutors. This
was the idea introduced by the gentloman from
Ohio, [Mr. Riddle,] who so unmercifully riddled
our poor report. [Laughter.] IIo says that we
have conducted the case as we would an action for
assault and battery in court, and all sorts of com-
Elamts are made of the committee. On the one
and it is said that the committee should have
taken the position ofdignified and impartial judges,
hearing and deciding upon the evidence before
them. On the other hand, it is said that they
ought never to have occupied such a position, but
that they ought to have acted as lawyers in be-
half of Sir. Upton, and rendered him assistance
in the preparation and presentation of his case.
It is complained that the committee found certain
facts to have been proved as true, which Mr.
Upton had taken great pains to establish before
the committee, and omittod to find other facts of
which there was not a particle of evidence. In
short the committee arc blamed for all that is not
proved in this case, as well as for all that has been
Droved here. It is impossible to please some of
Mr. Upton's friends in this matter.
ENJIOLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Ciifs, reported as truly enrolled a bill (II.
R. No. 104) fixing the number of the House of
Representatives from and after the 3d March,
1863; when the Speaker signed the same.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. LOOM IS. As I was about remarking, it
has been impossible for the committee to please
Mr. Upton's friends in this matter. We are blamed,
whatever we do; and blamed for not doing directly
contrary and opposite things. We are in the pre-
cise condition, us. it seems to me, of the sinner as
represented by Lorenzo Dow under the doctrine
of Calvinism, as he termed it:
" You shall and you .shan't, you will and you won't,
"You'll be damned ifjoudo, you'll be damned if you
don't ''
Mr. DUNN. I call the gentleman to order.
He must not attack Calvinism on this floor.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOOMIS. I was only quoting Lorenzo
Dow. But, sir, I will not dwell upon these com-
plaints against the committee. Suffice it to say
that there is not one word of truth in the assertion
that there has been the least unfairness or unkind-
ness on the part of the Committee of Elections
towards Mr. Upton.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Riddle] ad-
duced one argument yesterday which, if true, puts
an end to all inquiry in this case. It is a plea in
bar, so to speak. He says that as Mr. Upton was
sworn in on the first day of this session as a mem-
ber, and has taken his seat here, it is too late to
make any inquiry into the legality of his election,
and it is impossible to unseat him except by a two-
thirds vote on a resolution for his expulsion. I
had always supposed that the Constitution, in
article first and section fifth, gave this House full
power to decide, at all times, on the qualifications,
election, and return of its own members, and that
they have that power after a member has been
sworn in as such as well as before. If the doc-
trine of the gentleman be true, the Committee of
Elections will have little to do, for it will be im-
possible, in any case, to unseat a member here and
give the seat to a contestant. The Constitution
makes no difference, whether there be a contest-
ant or not.
Butperhaps the gentleman meantto putitupon
the ground of res adjudicata, inasmuch as an ob-
jection was made to Mr. Upton and he was after-
wards sworn in. That objection was made in this
way: a resolution was introduced proposing that
the oath should be administered to all who had
been enrolled by the Clerk as members, with the
exception of five gentlemen named in the resolu-
tion, among whom was the name of Mr. Upton.
That resolution was laid upon the table, and that
was the whole of the action of the House in the
matter. How can the gentleman call that a de-
cision on the part of the House of any question
concerning the regularity of the election of Mr.
Upton? ltisabsurd. The House merely allowed
the gentleman to take the oath as being prima facie
a duly elected member, and by a resolution sub-
sequently passed the case was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The plea in bar, therefore, being disposed of,
let us proceed for a moment to the merits of the
cause. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sedgwick] insists upon it that Mr. Upton's case
is just as strong as that of either of the gentlemen
from Virginia who were admitted at the extra
session in July last, and that it is precisely anal-
ogous with their cases. I cannot agree with him.
1 claim that they are no more alike than a horse
chestnut and achestnut horse. In the cases of the
other gentlemen from Virginia, the law of Vir-
ginia was complied with. In Mr. Upton's case
it was not. In the former eases the people were
not under duress of the rebel authorities, and had
an opportunity to vote throughout the districts.
In the latter they had no such opportunity.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Did either of the gentle-
men, admitted as Representatives from Virginia,
have a certificate from the Governor of the State
that he was duly elected ?
Mr. LOOMIS. I do not know that either had
the certificate of tiieGovernot; but the returns
were generally made to the sheriff, as required by
law.
Mr. SEDGWICK. And by the sheriff to the
Governor, or by the sheriff here?
Mr. LOOMIS. The sheriffs' certificates, I
suppose, were here. It was so stated.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Are you sure there were
any such returns ?
Mr. LOOMIS. I am sure that it was so stated.
There was novel y full investigation of those cases,
I admit; but the gentleman cannot deny my posi-
tion that in the case of those gentlemen the peo-
ple were allowed to express their choice at the bal-
lot-box; there was not such a condition of things
in the districts as prevented it. In those cases the
people did generally vote, but in this case they did
not. Mr. Carlile, one of the gentlemen referred
to, stated upon this floor that he had received a
laiger majouty of the votes of his district than
any man who was ever elected from the State of
Virginia. But Mr. Upton, on the other hand, le-
ceived a smaller number of votes than any man
ever received for any ofllce, unless I must except
Rev. Marble Nash Taylor, provisional Governor
of North Carolina, who received only four votes,
as I am told.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mf. Riddle,] after
he had disentangled himself from the technicality
of his special plea in bar, seemed, for the time,
fairly to revel in his new-born freedom, and then
he was for cleaving through broad seals and all
forms of law, and even whole stacks of statutes,
so that he might get at a true expression of the
real will of the people.
Well, I am willing to go with the gentleman and
inquire what is the will of the people of the sev-
enth congressional district of Virginia. The will
of the people is, of course, to be ascertained in
some of the forms prescribed by law. What evi-
dence is there that Charles H. Upton, on the 23d
of May last, received any vote for Congress? The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Riddle] answered this
question in his speech by asking another of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections. " What
evidence, pray," said he, "is there that he did
not receive any votes?" And he holds the commit-
tee responsible to show in all cases the evidence
where there is a want of evidence. Mr. Upton
comes here without any proclamation from any
Governor certifying that he had the highest or any
number of votes, without a certificate from any
sheriff or other officer, without even aslatemznt
from any person that he had the highest, or any
number of votes for Representative from that dis-
trict. The whole case rests on those papers that
have been referred to—the papers at Ball's Cross
Roads. I will not take up the time of the House
by going into the details of these papers.
Mr. DELANO. I would inquire of the gen- .
t!ei$jan from Connecticut what Governor should,
in his judgment, have verified the result of that
election by the broad seal of the State ?
Mr. LOOMIS. I do not claim that the procla-
mation of the Governor could have been obtained
by Mr. Upton.
Mr. DELANO. Then the argument falls.
Mr. LOOMIS. The argument does not fall;
because I will show, before I sit down, that Mr.
Upton did not get the best evidence of which his
case was susceptible.
Mr. WORCESTER. I ask my colleague
whether Governor Pierpont had not been inau-
gurated before the 4th of July ?
Mr. LOOMIS. I believe he had been, but will
not be positive on that point. I suppose it was
competent for the gentleman to have submitted
his papers to Governor Pierpont and received his
certificate as soon as he was recognized here as
the legal Governor of the State of Virginia. It is
not necessary that the Governor who happens to
be in office at the time of the election should issue
the certificate of election.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he bel ieves that the sitting member could
have obtained the signature of Governor Letcher,
then Governor of Virginia.
Mr. LOOMIS. I do not suppose he could have
obtained the certificate of Governor Letcher; but
he might have obtained that ofGovernor Pierpont.
I do not however claim that this omission is fatal
to the claims of Mr. Upton.
Mr. DAWES. Let me ask my colleague if he
understands anybodyin the House to claim that
whether a man is elected to Congress or not de-
pends on the certificate of a Governor.
Mr. DELANO. I do not; and for that reason
I did not take the force of the gentleman's argu-
ment—the argument that the sitting member had
not the certificate of either Governor of Virginia.
If there was any force in that argument, then my
question would be pertinent.
Mr. LOOMIS. 1 repeat that I do not consider
the omission of the Governor's certificate as fata!
to Mr. Upton. All that we have here is whatpur-
poits to be a simple tally list, not the original tally
list itself, but a transcript of a part of it only,
which somebody made. We know not by whom
it was made, and in this all the evidence of the
votes for Upton consists of straight marks made
opposite the names of ten different voters, under
the name at the top of Charles H. Upton, forCon-
gress. There is one mark opposite the name of
a voter, under the column headed "George W.
Brent," for Congress. That is the whole'of it.
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Delano] says that Mr. Upton complied with the
law just as far as it was possible for him to have
