19G<3
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If such be the
pleasure of the Senate, the Chair will perform
that duty. [" Agreed."]
TOE TAX BILL...
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill (H.
R. No. 312) to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, with divers and sundry amendments;
and I aslc that the bill and amendments be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill and
amendments will be printed, as a matter of course,
under the rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As one of the members
of the Committee on Finance, I desire to say that
the committee were not unanimous in their ap-
proval of the measure as it is now reported in sub-
stance the same as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. 1 li-ave in my hands a substitute for
the bill as reported, which 1 propose to offer. I
may say that I voted that the chairman mightre-
port the bill as he has done; but with the under-
standing at the same time that 1 should offer my
substitute in the Senate. I now present a meas-
ure which I ask the Senate to have printed, which
embodies, in substance, the views of the Board of
Trade of Boston—represented here by very able
men, who understand the subject of finance prob-
ably as well as Senators—the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York, and the Board of Trade of
Philadelphia, and representing the best opinion
that 1 have been able to gather. 1 will say now
that I think the measure I present will yield the
Government as much revenue as the bill of the
House of Representatives, as reported from the
committee by its majority. As the question is a
grave one—I think one of the gravest that has come
before the country—I desire that the substitute 1
now submit may be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California offers a paper embodying the
views of the minority of the Committee on Fi-
nance, whoso report has just been presented upon
that bill, and moves that that be received and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that three thousand
extra copies of the bill, with the accompanying
amendments as reported by the committee, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
goes to the Committee on Printing under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there may be unani-
mous consent to act upon it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the motion will be entertained. No
objection being made, the Senate unanimously
agree to the motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say that, although
I believe there was a general concurrence of the
committee that tilts bill should be reported, 1 for
one was not exactly in favor of all its provisions,
and 1 think I can say for several others that they
were not; but I shall not speak for anybody but
myself. When the proper time comes, I intend
to move some lmportuntamcndments,and 1 shall
try to get them printed to-morrow if I can. I
merely wish to say this, so that ihe printing of
this bill entire as reported shall notgo to the coun-
try as the exact expression of a majority of the
Committee on Finance, although they all assent
to its being printed, and they were anxious to
get it before the Senate. It has been a long while
in their hands.
EXECUTIVE SKSSION.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some lime spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May G, 18G;2. I
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OllUKll OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the special order assigned for this
day, being the bill to grant pensions.
Mr. DAWES. 1 tide to a question of privi-
lege. I propose to take up the election cases to-
day, .and call the attention of the House to them,
and dispose of them if possible, if it is agreeable
to the House. It is suggested, however, that the
morning hour be devoted to the call of commit-
tees. Is that the business in order if I do not call
up the election cases?
The SPEAKER. The bill to grant pensions,
reported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
was assigned as a special order for to-day, and at
two o'clock the vote is to be taken upon the Pa-
cific railroad bill.
PUNISHMENT OF FRAUDS.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
punish frauds on the Treasury; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a joint resolution from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and I desire
its consideration now.
Tin,* SPEAKER. There are already two mat-
ters before the House. The regular order of busi-
ness is the special order.
Mr. DUELL. I observe that the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Goodwin,] who has charge of
the pension bill, is not now in the House.
The SPEAKER. That does not prevent the
House from acting on the bill.
Mr. DUELL. I suppose that by unanimous
consent my report can be received.
Mr. DAWES. I believe I shall have to inter-
vene. 1 call up the report of the Committee of
Elections on the memorial ofF. F. Lowe, pray-
ing for admission to a scat in this House as a
Representative from the State of California.
Mr, LOVEJOY. Is there not a special order
this morning?
The SPEAKER. Not that overrides a ques-
tion of privilege.
31J3BEL BARBAltlTIKS.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allow me to make a report from the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the folio wing resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That die re bo printed for tlie use of Hie mem-
bers of this House, fifty ihuusaud copies of the lepoit of
the joint coiiMiiittce on the conduct of the war, submitted
to the Senate on Via 30tli of April last, in re-ponse to the
resolution of the Senate directing the committee to collect
evidence with regard to the baibarous treatment by the
jebels at Manassas of the remains of officets and soldiers
of the United States killed in battle there.
LAKE DEFENSES.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, from
the special committee on lake defenses, reported
a bill to establish additional defenses on the north-
ern lakes ; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the special committee, and orderd
to be printed.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE HUMPHREYS.
Mr. DAWES resumed the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me to ask the House to
take up and pass a resolution reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee about a month since, and or-
dered to be printed together with the testimony,
in the matter of the impeachment of West H.
Humphreys, judge of the district courtof the Uni-
ted States in Tennessee. I make the request at
the instance of one of the Representatives from
Tennessee, who thinks it very important for the
administration of justice in that State-that the
matter should be disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman indicate
about how long it will take?
Mr. BINGHAM. It will not take any time at
all. The evidence has been printed and has been
before the House for a month, and it leaves no
loom for doubt at all upon the subject.
Mi. DAWES. I yield, then.
The resolution reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee was read, as follows:
Resolved, That We-t II. Humphreys, judge of the district
court of the United States for the Severn! districts of Ten-
nessee, be impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is there a report in this
case ? I do not like to vote upon such a resolution
unless I know the grounds.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let the report be read. It
is very brief.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiclaiy, to whom was referred
by the House a resolution of inquiry into the alleged official
misconduct of West Ii. Humphreys, a judge of the United
States district co irt lor the several district* in the State of
Tennessee, respectfully report:
That by the letter of Hon. Edward Bates, Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, of date 25llr February, 3882, it ap-
pears that West II. Humphieys was commissioned United
States disuiet judge for the thiee distucts of the State of
Tennessee on the 26th day of March, 18o3; that he still
holds and has not lesigned said commission.
Your committee fnither report that by the testimony of
Hon. Horace Maynard, Mr. Trigg, and Mr. Lellyett, all
citizens of the State of Tennessee, who, by oider of the
House, were duly examined upon oath before said com-
mittee, it is made to appear to the committee that said West
II. Humphieys, in a public meeting held in the city of Nash-
ville, in said State, on the 29th Decembei, 1660, in a dis-
cussion then and theie held, declared in favor of secession,
and letused, when interrogated, to declare-South Carolina
subject to tlie laws of the United States. It also appears
by said testimony that said Humphieys, about that time,
published aitieles in the newspapers, at Nashville, in which
"he took strong gioundin favor of secession." (See testi-
mony of Mr. JLeltyett.)
It further appears, upon said testimony, that said West
II. Humphreys has neglected his duties as United States
distiict judge witinn said State ever since the adoption of
the ordinance ofscce^sion by the Legislature, in May, 1861;
that he refused to hold his court because he considered the
authority of the United States obsolete in Tennessee, and
that since that time he has officiated as judge for the icbel
confedeiacy in that State, and lias held citizens of the
United States to answer before him, as such rebel judge,
for disloyalty to said rebel confederacy; has advised a citi-
zen so charged and brought before him to forswear his al-
legiance to the United States by taking the oath ofallegianee.
to the self-styled "southern confedeiacy," and upon icfusal
so to do, said judge has required of «ueh citizen a bond in
a large  um, conditioned that lie would leave said State, tlie
place of his> residence, within forty d«ij<, pursuant to an act
known as an u alien act," passed by the rebePcongress of
said confederacy.
It further appears by paid testimony, that said West H.
Humphreys has within said State, as such judge for said
southern confedeiacy, enteitained pioceedings under the
treasonable acts of the congress thereof for the confiscation
of the propei ty of loyal citizens ol the United States to the
use of said confederacy, and in aid of the lebelhon now
prosecuted by the same against the United States.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am satisfied now. I
have heard enough.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, if any mem-
ber desires any further statement to be made, and
the House will give me permission, I will state
such facts as are within my knowledge.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
gentleman will make his statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Without going into details,
I will state that this is the case of a Federal judge
who has retained his commission under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, but who was an
early, original, active secessionist, and has re-
ceived and acted upon a commission as judge
under the self-styled confederate government.
Acting under that commission, so far as I know,
he has had little occasion to adjudicate private
rights, but has been engaged mainly in the adju-
dication of political questions, in confiscating'the
property of non-residents and of Union citizens,
and trying persons charged with disloyalty to the
confederate government. When the Federal troops
arrived m the city of Nashville, he hastened away
with great speed. It is a case, so far as these facts
are concerned, beyond all controversy, and it calls
for the intervention of the Government to remove
him and place a loyal man in his seat.
I will say to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wickliffe,] that it was under his administration
that his own judge, Mr. Monroe, went through
the solemn form of renouncing his allegiance to
the Government of the United States, and declar-
ing his intention to become a citizen of the con-
federate States.
The resolution reported by the Committee on
Judiciary was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. The report having been
adopted, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, Thai a committee of two be appointed to goto
the Senate, and at the bar thereof, in the name ot tlie House
of Representatives and of all the people ot the United States,
to impeach West H. Ilumphrejs, judge of the distuetcourt
ot the United States foi theseveiul districts oi Tennessee,
of high ci lines and misdemeanors, and to acquaint the Sen-
ate that the House ot Repiesentativcs will in due time ex-
hibit p.iiticular articles of impeachment against him and
make good the same, and that the committee do demand
that the Senate take oider for the appearance of said VVfst
II. Humphreys to answer said impeachment.
