2928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25.
mortal feuds, which in certain conjunctures, spread acon-
fiaemtmn through a whole nation, or through a veiy large
propoutoii of it, proceeding either from weighty cau.es ot
discontent. given by the Government, or from the contagion
of feoine violent popular paioxy&m; they do not lull within
any oidinary rulo> of calculation. Whmtiicv ihitcn
thty commonly oloun' rto kevolutios and dismember-
mi nts ok lmi'trg. ' No ibuii of government can always
either avoid or oontiol them. It Is in vain 10 hope to guard
against events too mighty for human foresight or precaution,
and it would be idle to object to a Government because it
could not per!'oim impossibilities."
Lot the people of the United States ponder those
words of prophetic wisdom, and remember that if
t\m empire is to be saved from dismemberment,
it is to be done by defending and maintaining the
Constitution. While they are confident and hope-
ful, let them not be rash and thoughtless and incon-
siderate. Let them not foiget that they, too, owe
a duty to the Constitution, and are subject to its
authority as well as they who are leagued in hos-
tile combination for its destruction. In their zeal
for us defense against traitors in arms, let them
not forget us restraints nor its requirements; and
lot them remember that it has other enemies than
those who take up arms for its overthrow.
The resolution which 1 haveolFered affirms the
doctrine that the Union is indissoluble otherwise
than by successful revolution; that every-State is
Htill, as such, a portion of the United States; that
no legislation can sever the connection of the States
with the Union, and that the armed rebels are at war
with the Federal Government. This is the doc-
trine of the inaugural address of the President.
Upon this doctrine the people have united m sup-
pressing the rebellion. It is the doctnne upon
which alone the Federal Union can be preserved,
it tondeis needless ull questions of lestoialion or
reconstruction, it recognizes war as the icmedy
for our national troubles; and when the war shall
be over, and the authority of the General Govern-
ment reestablished within all our boundaries, it
will give assuiance to the world that the Federal
Union has been preseived.
Mr. HALF. 1 did not think I should say a
word upon these confiscation bills, and 1 have not
thus fur, though they have been long before the
Senate and have long occupied their uttention,and
I propose to say but a few words now. But, sir,
a doctrine lnvs been advanced on this floor again
and again,and i eiterated and promulgated, which
to my mind, is more fatal in us character, more
destructive of the Government, more at war with
every principle of the Constitution, than secession
itself. H is ihe doctrine that would concentrate
ull llie executu e power of the nation—when I say
executive power, i speak of it in us broadest sense,
Us power of activity, its eneigy, its power to be
&nmeihiii£ and do something—in the President of
the United Stales, negativing and denying to Con-
ess any power at ail. If tliatdoe.tnne prevails,
your Constitution is gone, the dream of your
falheis is over, the idea ofa tepubhehas vanished
like the clouds of the morning before the rising
gloi ley of the son, a practical despotism lias stolen
m upon us while our guardians have slept, the
Constitution is perverted, and we are but a mon-
archy, having u name to Uve while we are in fact
dead,
I confess, sir, that if that is to be the Constitu-
tion we are to have left when the war is over, it is
a iftatierof indifference to me whether the Federal
or the confederate States prevail, for either of thtfm
will have but an iron despotism. Against tins
doctrine, I wish to enter my serious and energetic
jHutest heie and now, where it is promulgated,
and to deflate that tu my solemn judgment, it is
one of the most fatal and dangerous dogmas that
have ciept into the philosophy of modern times.
"When: do these men get it? Where do they find
tins theory that is to subvert eveiything that has
been sained by the blood of the past? in this, as
1 undeistand them:
"The J'leMdcnr ^hall be Oomtnander-iu Chief of the
Army and \a\y oi the United Suae-* and of the militia of the
et<wnl States when called into the actual seivicu of the
Uitaed Stat*
What does that mean 5 It means that instead
of leaving it to the en price of Congress, or of any
of he i pnw *'i, the I iMiuei s ot tile ('oust u u I ion named
the man w h<> should be that oflieer, and that isulL
They <r,n j him a name, they^ue him an office; !
but they gate no powei over it. That power is
to be u:gu'ated by what' That did not create a
supreme power, and I can find no part of the
Consutution iefei ring to any such supreme power ;
except one which confers it on another branch of
the Government, and leaves the President out en-
tirely.
Agaimit is provided that " the judicial power
of the United States shall be vested in one Supreme
Court." Will not the same argument apply, and
may ir. not be said that you must not make any
law touching their jurisdiction, because the Con-
stitution vests the judicial power in the Supreme
Court? God help us when that comes to be the
law. But, sir, there is just as much foundation
for it, and more too, as there is for that dogma
which proclaims that all the war-making power,
or all the power of carrying on war, is vested in
the President; and yet, notwithstanding this dec-
laration that the judicial power shall be vested in
the Supreme Court, Congress, from the very day
of the institution of the court up to the present
day, have passed acts defining, limiting, restrain-
ing, and enlarging the powers of the Supreme
Court, and nobody ever dreamed that we were vio-
lating any principle of the Constitution in so doing.
No, sir, there is no such thing as supreme power
in war or peace granted to the President of the
United States. There is a supreme power in this
Government, and there must be, and where is it?
There is only one place that I know of in which
the Constitution speaks of it: " This Constitution
and ihe laws of the United States which shall be
made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made
or which shall be made under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme" power. The
frameis of the Constitution were wise men. They
did not mean to confer any supreme power upon
the Supreme Court of the United States; they did
not mean to confer it anywhere except upon the
representatives of the great popular mass of the
nation; and when they come together, the repre-
sentatives from the East and the West, from the
Noi til and the South, from the whole land; when
that united, energetic voice of the nation is gath-
ered in the only way in which it can be gathered—
in a representative assembly, limited, created,
measuted,and restrained by law—there the fathers
of the Constitution said should rest the supreme
power, ami everybody else and everything should
be subject to u. The idea that on the election of
a President they were creating a power which
should laugh at or defy the power of Congress,
which was the supieme power, never entered their
heads. AN on earth that they did was to say what
office he should have, and they left the powers,
duties, and responsibilities of that office in a great
nnn\suie and in a great degree to be conferred and
controlled by Cougtess.
I grant there arc some express powers confcned
upon the President which we cannot interfere with;
but they are measured. He shall have power to
grant reprieves and paidons for offenses. They
put that in, and I am sorry for it. If I weie to
make a constitution, I would have nothing of that
sort m it. I believe that the power of pardoning
belongs to Him that can see the heart, and nobody
else, and that in a Government of law a pardoning
power should not exist. But, sir, I will not find
fault with it; it is there, and while it is there, a
part of the Constitution, it must be obeyed. That
is a power, I grant you, that is directly conferred
upon the President of the United States. It may
be that there are some others; 1 have not looked
into that particularly; but the idea, because the
Constitution names him to be the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army of the United States it confers
supreme power on him, is to my mind a perfect
frio de se of the Constitution. The idea that we
are living under a Government of checks and bal-
ances vantshes the moment you entertain this idea
in your head, and it seems to me—I speak with
all deference, because I know I am surrounded by
I was «oing to say older, but I am getting almost
too old for that, but vastly better lawyers than
myself 
Mr. DIXON. I suppose the Senator attributes
no such language to me in anything I said.
Mr. HALE. I am endeavoring to speak the
truth, and I want to say, as the apostle said, "no
prophecy of thy Scuptuie is of any private mtei-
pretatton." I do not mean to apply it to anybody,
but I have heard it again and again. I was much
pleased with'the Senator's speech, with the spiut
and temper of it. I think it would have been a
better speech if he had given us more of his own
language and fewer quotations. I like that part
which was his own better than the quotations, I
do not wish to say anything but what 1 mean, and
when I say I was pleased with his speech, I mean
its ability, its temper, and its disposition; it was
everything we could expect from a patriot and a
Christian.
Now, sir, in regard to this matter, if gentlemen
will allow me, [ think that a great deal of the error
that has crept into the Senate on this subject has
arisen outof this, to my mind, most fatal mistake;
and assuming such entirely incorrect premises, it
is but natural that gentlemen should come to in-
correct conclusions. I have not exhausted the
books. I trust more to the instinctive sense with
which I read the Constitution than any disserta-
tions ofanyblack-letterlawyersof ancientormod-
prn times; and I am free to say I am not one of
those who feel bound, because a set of gentlemen
with wigs and black gowns on, for five hundred
years made fools of themselves, that I am to be a
fool in following them ever after. I will give as
much respect to the opinions of wise and learned
men as anybody; but this doctrine of precedents
to be continually followed and never to be im-
proved, is one that is calculatcd to bind up our
energies and restrict and retard our progress.
It was my fortune, the other day, to utter a
sentiment which I know the voice of authority in
the legal profession is against, which probably
the opinions of the majority of this Senate are
against; but it is an opinion which I entertain
more strongly the longer I think of it; it is in re-
lation to the power of Congress to confiscate the
property of traitors. It is said we cannot go be-
yond the life of the person attainted; we can only
take his life estate. Now, sir, I have too much
respect for the wisdom of our forefathers who
made this Constitution to believe they took it into
their heads to provide that Congiess, or the Gov-
ernment, or the court, or the judiciary might, con-
fiscate a man's estate for about four days. The
common practice of the English, from whom it is
said we got our precedents, was that the traitor
after he was convicted wasgenerally hung in about
four days, and that was the general time when
the Constitution was formed. Would our fathers
have provided that we might have the almighty
power of confiscating the estates of traitggjjs for
about four days? No, sir; they meant no such
nonsense. They spoke in plain, good English,
that this power should not extend beyond the life
of the traitor; by which they meant that every-
thing he owned in his own right might be taken;
but if there were any estates that were to be cre-
ated after him that took their origin in or through
him, such as estates for life, or remainders, or
estates tail, they should not be confiscated, you
should not touch the heir in his right, but the
estate which the traitor owned and which was his
mi^ht be taken. That, I believe, is the common
sense of it, and T am willing to stand with my
constituents and the world with what reputation
I shall get for good sense, and put that against
what I shall lose as a lawyer in making such a
declaration.
Having said this much, hoping that I have not
thrown out a text for anybody else to make a
speech upon, I resume my seat.
Mr. WADE. I have had my say on this ques-
tion already, and I did not intend to say another
word on the subject. I know very well there is
a very deep feeling in the community on the sub-
ject of confiscation. I am perfectly persuaded that
the people everywhere, so far as I have had any
communication with them, expect, and have long
expected, a vigorous effective bill on the subject
of the confiscation of the property of rebels. 1
have heard m almost every letter I have received
a manifestation of the impatience of those whom I
represent that we have not, before this time, per-
fected and passed a bill which would take the prop-
erty of the rebels and appropriate it to defray in
some measure the expenses of this most unjust
war. I know very well that I should never be
excused by the people if I should sit here silently
and hear it announced that there was no powerm
Congress by which the property of rebels could
be taken and subjected to pay the expenses of this
war. That, however, would be but a very poor
leason for me to give, provided the Constitution
of the country was against it. If the great charter
of our liberties, the Constitution of the United
States, has proclaimed in thunder tones that, al-
though one third of the people are in rebellion,
have risen to overturn the institutions of our
