1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
to one striking feature of this debate, which also
exhibited itself in the other debate a few days
ago—that is, the persistency with which members
feel justified in dwelling on the character and opin-
ions of the incumbent.
Mr. Speaker, it has been our endeavor, in dis-
cussing the qualifications and rights of members
upon this floor, to make ourselves at least believe,
if we do not our peers here, that we judge each
one of those cases upon its merits, withoutregard
to the opinions, political or otherwise, of the in-
cumbent or contestant. In strong jror'ty times,
however much we have striven to come to this con-
clusion, poor human nature has frequently found
itself unable to stand up straight, and clothed in
the semblance of justice herself, with eyes blinded
to all political opinion, decide upon cach of these
casesas it arose upon its merits alone. However
much we have flattered ourselves that we have
been able to do this, I must say that during my
experience here I have too frequently been pain-
fully conscious that we have not been entirely able
to divest ourselves of those influences. But until
the present time, I have never known men make
an ostentatious exhibition of the fact that the
grounds on which they felt constrained to vote
that a man has'a right to a seat here were the
political opinions he was supposed to entertain.
My learned and distinguished friendfrom Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] yesterday in the very fine argu-
ment which he addressed to the House, paid a trib-
ute to the private worth and personal esteem of this
incumbent, which did honor to his own personal
feelings and to his own literary attainments, but
he will allow me to say in all kindness, that after
having taken on his biow the ermine of justice,
while sitting in the character of judge to tiy this
case, he should have omitted to tell us how much
he was the personal friend of the party whose
rights he was to try.
And so with my friend and colleague [Mr. De-
lano] this morning; much as I agree with all he
said about the personal character and worth of
this incumbent, he will allow me to say that I have
struggled against all such influences in making up
the judgment I am to renderupon this case—with
what success it does not become me to say. Yet
I account myself no moroajudgein this case than
every one of my peers upon this door; but I ac-
count it my dut)7, so far as in me lies, to shut my
eyes to the question, whether the incumbent or
the contestant for the seat entertains opinions
more agreeable and harmonious with those I en-
tertain than a gentleman whosaught the seat here
a few days since, and who I felt it incumbent upon
me to Nay I did not think was elected.
I said 1 desired to discuss this question stripped
of technicalities, and to look at the nuked facts.
Now, sir, the naked facts are, I doubt not, that
ten men, on the 23d of May, le^nl voters of the
seventh congressional district of Virginia, did de-
posit their ballots in a ballot-box for this incum-
bent. I admit that; I believe it to be true. Hut,
Mr. Speaker, the gentlemen who have advocated
his claim to his seat upon this ground haveallset
out with the assertion that his claim rested entirely
upon ten legal votes.
I ask what is meant by ten legal votes? Do
gentlemen desire to stand upon that proposition,
or do they desire, as every one has done, the mo-
ment after making the assertion to depart from it,
and say the condition of things was such in the
district that they could not comply with the law ?
Which is the proposition gentlemen desire to stand
upon ?
I piopose, as a member of this House, to dis-
cuss both propositions. I believe every gentle- j
man who has advocated the claim of the im um- j
bent, vvith the exception of my friend from Ohio, j
[Mr. Harrison,] lias started out with the prop- J
osuion that lie ha«s ten legal votes, and then im- j
mediately departed from his adherence to that :
proposition, and undertaken to say that, in the ]
condition of things in that district, a strict com- j
pliance with the law was impossible, and that it j
should not be required of the incumbent. j
Now, I understand ten legal votes to mean not j
only that the votes were cast on the legal day— j
because if that is not done anybody may be elected i
—but something more n necessary than that they ■
should have been cast on the legal day to make i
them legal votes. It is not enough to say that
they were legal voters; for, if that is all that is ji
necessary, they could express their opinions in i!
any way or manner whatever, and the forms of
law would be of no avail. Legal votes I under-
stand to be votes cast by legal voters in conformity
to law; that is, in the form and manner required
by law. That I understand to be legal voting.
But I am not going to stop with saying that if
this man has not ten legal votes he ought not to
retain his seat. I am starting out with the prop-
osition assumed by all who have advocated the
claims of the incumbent, that he has ten legal
votes, and asking the House to look into the facts.
I agree with all parties that it is our duty some-
times to look beyond the question whethera man's
vote has been cast in conformity with law or not,
but I want first to settle the question whether these
ten votes were legal votes or not.
Now, let my friends look into these papers, and
they will see that ten men, on the legal day—if I
may use the expression—deposited their votes for
the incumbent in a ballot-box. I am ready to pre-
sume that they were legal voters, and therefore I
state the proposition as I admit it, that ten legal
voters, on the day by law required, deposited their
votes for Mr. Upton in a ballot-box.
Mr. UPTON. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has several times repeated, and I did not like
to interrupt him, that those votes were deposited
in a ballot-box. That is not the method of voting
in Virginia. They keep a poll-book, and record
the names of the voters.
Mr. DAWES. I stand corrected. I believe-that
is the law, although the first time the gentleman
has informed me of the fact is at this moment.
Ten men then, viva voce, cast their votes for this
man, and so far it is in conformity to law. But
yet it is not in conformity to law, for there was
no poll opened to begin with, according to law.
There was no swoin judge or inspector to receive
these votes, and therefore it is precisely the same
lfthe voters rose up in the preseneeof the Speaker
of this House and gave their votes, or if they rose
up in the presence of the gentleman from Virginia
himself, or anybody else. There was no poll
opened tor member of Congress, according to the
provisions of law; no man sworn to receive votes
for member of Congress, according to the provi-
sions of law; it was precisely this, and no more,
that ten men, before an irresponsible person, not
required by law, not authorized by law, gave their
votes viva voce for this man. The law of Virginia
is just as plain upon this point as any other; it re-
quires that itshail be done before sworn inspectors
and judges—sworn to receive votes for member of
Congress, in a particular manner, with the oath set
out m words in the statute.
That was departed from. Then the law requires
that these men who take these votes, being sworn
officeis, shall eeitify to them—certify the number
and the persons for whom the votes were given.
If you will look to the 19th page of this docu-
ment, you will see that there is not a particle of
evidence that the law was complied with in this
respect. These men acting as judges and inspect-
ors of this election took the oath to receive votes
{or other officers, but not for members of Congress.
That is what they say. They did not vote them-
selves, and they took care, in view of the pains and
penalties of treason that hung over them, not to
put their necks into such a halter. They did not
vote themselves, and they did not certify that any-
body else voted. There is no record to bo found
"under heaven or among men" that a single man
cast his vote there. Two ot those men have been
upon the stand as witnesses, and they have sworn
to about everything else that could come into the
heads ot the contestant or the incumbent, but the)*"
have not testified that even a single vote was cast
for member of Congress there. Why is it—let me
ask in all respect—that members of this House
start out and say that ten legal votes weie cast
for this man, when the papers show conclusively
that not one legal vote was cast for him—-not a
vote ?
• That, sir, is a fact that nobody controverts the
moment he attempts to argue the case. With the
exception of my friend from Ohio, [Air. Harri-
son,] there has not been an argument for the claims
of the incumbent that has not, the moment it com-
menced, admitted that the law has not been com-
plied with. Then should we depart from the law?
Do we over depart fiom the law and give seats to
members upon this floor? Certainly wo do. Cer-
tainly it is our bounden duty on occasions to dis- :
regard the fact that forms of Jaw have not been i
complied with by voters, so that—and this is the
essence of it—the voice of the voters of the district
may be heard; so that the voice of the voters of the
district shall.have effect; so that if the electors of
the district have striven to give effect to their voices
they shall not be thwarted in that purpose by mere
shells of forms which do not contain the real sub-
stance. Is that the fact here? That is the perti-
nent inquiry.
Our first duty is to see whether this election con-
forms to law. Having seen that it does not con-
form to the law, and no one claims that it does
conform to law, our next duty is to inquire into
the circumstances of the case, and see whether we
can find in those circumstances any arguments
which will justify us in putting aside the require-
ments of the law; and if we do, it is our duty to
give effect to such an election. There is no diffi-
culty in finding abstract pi-inciples which ought
to govern these cases. It is their application in
extreme eases that makes the task difficult.
Now, sir, we find in looking into this case that
there were but ten men who voted for the incum-
bent. Not being bound by law, and not having
the form of law in their selection, we search for
reasons to give effect to the voice of those voters.
We look into the nature and circumstances of the
election to see whether it is of such a character as
will justify us in laying aside the forms of law.
The first question is, whether there were only
ten men in the district? Why were there only ten
men there ? In the candid argument of my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Harrison] he put that legitimate
question. What is the reason there were only ten
men there? Is there any doubt as to the facts why
there were only ten men ? There is none. All of
the gentlemen who have argued in favor of this
vote have volunteered the testimony to show that
the district was in the aimed occupation of hostile
forces. The fact was, gentlemen say, thateven the
personal safety of the incumbent was put m peril.
Gentlemen have said handsome things about the
bravery of the incumbent and the bravery of these
ten men. I commend as much as my friend from
Ohio the bravery of the incumbent and of these
ten men. They imperiled their lives, my friend
fiom Ohio says. I admit that.
I want honestly and fairly to address myself to
the argument of the gentleman from Ohio. It de-
serves attention because of its candor. This whole
case deserves the closest consideiation—certainly
whatever a man like myself can give it. The gen-
tleman admits that if these ten men cast their votes
on any other day the election would be void and
without effect. Why? Because the law of Vir-
ginia had fixed that day, as it had fixed the man-
ner of the election. It had as much prescribed the
manner as the day. It had as much prescribed the
men in whose presence these votes should be cast
and the manner of receiving them and the judicial
functions they were to exorcise as the day. And
I ask my friend, in all sincerity, why he is dis-
posed to dispense with one provision of the law
and still insist on the other?
My friend says further, that he admits if this
man's vote—say there were ten—were, by leason
of any fraud or violence on the part of the friends
of the incumbent, the only ones that were allowed
to be cast, that would destroy the whole transac-
tion, because a man shall not be permitted to take
advantage of his own wrong. That is belittling
this case. It would simply be in effect that the
incumbent was the only paity in this case. This
whole House and the country are interested in
i this question. It cannot with any justice be car-
1 ried down to and behind what is the interest or
what is the personal right of this incumbent. The
number of his votes is reduced to ten—to the in-
significant number of ten. It is true that he shall
not take advantage of any fraud or violence com-
mitted in the disti ict; it is true that neither he nor
any one else should take that advantage. It is that
seat which it is our duty to protect against fraud
and violence from whatever source it comes. It
must be protected by our votes, and not left open
to fraud and violence.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to say, if the gen-
tleman will permit me, that I did not intend to
apply the legal principle which I stated simply as
operating to the benefit of the sitting member.
Probably I indistinctly stated it; but the idea that
I meant to put forth was this: that where an elec-
tion is hold, and, by fraud or force, a person is
imposed upon those who have the right to elect
