SIONAE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, .D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d. Session-.
FRIDAY, JUNE ,27, 1862.
New Series*..;.No. 184.
country, to rob, kill, murder us,yetourhands are
tied, and we have no power toreach either their
Fersons or their property, I mast submit to it, for
have sworn that I will maintain the Constitution.
But, sir, there is nothing in the Constitution that
savors of any such pusillanimous and slavish doc-
trine as this; nor should I have arisen now except
to repel the inference thatl had stood here assent-
ing to the miserable slavish doctrines that I have
heard upon this floor to-day. I could never just-
ify it to the people I represent, that I had sat silent
while I heard it runs: in my ears from morning
until night that the President of the United States
was by some mysterious power invested with
despotic authority to trample upon the rights of
the people and the rights of Congress, and that
there was no barrier betwixt him and utter des-
potism the moment you declare war. I ask of
Senators who preach this miserable, slavish doc-
trine, where they get it. They cannot find it in
the English law from which we derived some of
our ideas; and much less do they find it in that
Constitution which our fathers erected as a bar-
rier against despotism.
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him to whom his interrogatory is ad-
dressed ?
Mr. WADE. To the Senator from Illinois
especially, and to the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BROWNING. The only answer I have
to make is, that all that the Senator from Illinois
has said will be in the public records of the coun-
try, and the public can see, and will know, that
not one word that is attributed to him has been
uttered. That is all the reply I have to make.
Mr. WADE. The world will know the Sena-
tor's utterances and mine now, and hereafter we
shall stand by the record we make. If 1 have un-
derstood the Senator's argument,it has been here
by the hour, yea, three hours in length, little else
than to show that whenever war is declared the
Presidentis a despotic chief, without the restraint
of Congress, or indeed any other restraint. Ho
lays no limitation upon his power.
Mr. BROWNING. I only wish to say that I
am in no sense responsible for the Senator's un-
derstanding, or want of understanding.
Mr. WADE. No, sir; nor for your own.
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir; I hold myself
responsible for my own.
Mr. WADE. Iam not going to bandy epithets
with that Senator or anybody else; but 1 do not
wonder that the hideous doctrines which he has
proclaimed on this floor startle him when they
are recapitulated. It is what American ears have
not been accustomed to hear, that there is some-
where in our institutions a possibility that there
maybe a magistrate armed with a power tfeat there
is no authority to cheek or control. The Senator
says that I overstate his remarks. I do not quote
his words; I cannot remember what he said; but
I think thatlgatheredthesenseofallthathesaid.
I ask him to state to me now where do you place
any limitation upon the power of your Chief Ma-
gistrate the moment we are involved in war. The
Senator utterly denied that there was any power
in Congress to control him.
Mr. BROWNING. The Senator asks me a
question. I apprehend he desires an answer.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; i should like to hear it.
Mr. BROWNING. I will give an answer with
a great deal of pleasure. I stated and 1 reiterate
that the President is under the constraints.of the
Constitution and the restraints of the Constitu-
tion. So is Congress. Congress has no more
power to undertake to control thePresidentin the
discharge of the duties that are devolved upon him
by the Constitution, to control him in the exer-
cise of the authority with which the Constitution
has clothed him, than he has to undertake to con-
trol Congress in the discharge of its duty. He is
independent in his sphere of Congress, and Con-
gress is independent of him in its sphere.
Mr. WADE. That is a mere platitude that a
child would not deny. The question is where are
the bnundaiies between these powers.
Mr. BROWNING. In the Constitution.
184
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, in the Constitution; but
where in the Constitution do you find that the
President of the United States may confiscate prop-
erty and thatCongress cannot regulate that power?
Everybody consents to what you say about keep-
ing each of the divisions of the Government in its
proper sphere; but the question is, where do you
find their respective powers? The Senator has
contended that the moment war is declared the
President has no limit, that Congress loses its
power to interpose,and so says the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator entirely
misunderstood me.
Mr. WADE. I hope I did.
Mr. DIXON. I intended to express no such
opinion, and I am perfectly astonished that the
Senator could have so misunderstood me, or that
the Senator from New Hampshire should have
so misunderstood me if he did. If the Senator
from Ohio will allow me, I will state what I in-
tended to say when he is through, or now, as he
prefers.
Mr. WADE. Take your choice about it. I
am glad to hear the Senator at any time.
Mr. DIXON. I intended to lay down this prop-
osition, that we are now at war in the constitu-
tional sense; that the traitors have levied war
against the Government. Treason consists in
levying war. If it is not war, it is not treason.
If it is not treason, I will not claim that it is war.
If they are traitors, they are*at war. Otherwise
by the Constitution they are not traitors, for trea-
son against the General Government consists only
in levying war against it. Then we are at war;
war exists. The President by the Constitution
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army in time of
war as well as in time of peace. I do not claim
that he.is commander more now than he is in time
of peace, of the regular Army. He has a right to
go to-day to Richmond and take command of the
Army. He may lead that Army in battle in the
attack upon Richmond, and if he finds it necessary
he may liberate every slave in Richmond, he may
take any man's property in Richmond, he may
burn every house in Richmond.
That is what 1 claim. The Senator misunder-
stands me entirely. I claim that the President,
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army in time of
war, may exercise these powers against public
enemies. That is the ground I take. Now, can
Congress do it? That is another question. I said
very little about that. I did throw out the sug-
gestion that the power of Congress to legislate as
a Legislature was not increased by war. Perhaps
some powers spring to life in time of war which
Congress may be vested with. Upon that I would
not express an opinion withoutfurthcrreflection;
but I had not reference particularly to the powers
of Congress; I was speaking of the power of the
President as Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
I do not know that General McClellan has not the
same power to-day, if he is commander, if the Pres-
ident allows him to be the commander-in-chief. It
is claimed that General Hunter had power to issue
an order, inherent in himself as commander-in-
chief of the district committed to him, and I have
heard it claimed that his proclamation was good,
notwithstanding the President had countermanded
it. That has been claimed. I do not say what
my opinion is in regard to it; but for me to be held
up here by the Senator from Ohio as asserting a
slavish doctrine because I cjaim that the President
as Commander-in-Chief may seize the property,
confiscate if you please, liberate the property of
traitors in arms, is to me, I must confess perfectly
astonishing, and I can only account for it on the
supposition that the Senator entirely misunder-
stood me.
Mr. WADE. I do not like to say that I fear
the Senator did not understand himself. Now he
says he did not touch upon the power of Congress
to confiscate property, but thought the President
had the power as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. The other question he says he did not see
fit to touch upon. That is very much like the play
of Hamlet, without Hamlet in rt.
Mr. DIXON. I said very little about confisca^
tion. ■ *
Mr. WADE. But that was the very gist oftfte
subject-matter you were speaking about. Can it
be that the Senator made a long speech and never'
touched the question under consideration? Thg
question was the power of Congress to pass this
confiscation bill, and the Senator says he was
chary of that; he did not speak upon that subject.
It was the very subject he should have spoken
upon.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator had been present
when ^commenced, he would have known that I
apologized to thcSenate for making a speech that
was, perhaps, not entirely cognate to the bill un-
der consideration.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, I must
take Senators according to their speech, as I un-
derstand it. I am very happy to see that the Sen-
ator does deny the slavish doctrine that I was dis-
posed to impute to him, or to any other Senator
who will rise here in Congress and surrender the
power that he has received from the people under
the Constitution as being their guardian here in
the Senate of the United States—a power which
he has no more right to surrender than he has to
usurp powers not bestowed upon him. The Con-
stitution has defined our limits, and he is as reck-
less of his duty under the Constitution, and of the
oath he has taken, who will tamely surrender it to
another department of the Government, as is he
who would arrogate to himself powers that the
Constitution has not bestowed upon him. I do
not like the idea that of those who sit here that
gentleman is the most conservative who will give
up the most. Sir, I have rights upon this floor;
the people whom 1 represent have rights upon
this floor; they claim them through me as their
advocate, and my arm shall fall off before I sur-
render one jot or tittle of that power which they
have conferred upon me and made it my duty to
assert on this floor. Therefore, sir, I cannot hear
with complacency the doctrine urged that Con-
gress has no power to regulate these rights of war,
that the moment war is declared, if I have under-
stood these gentlemen, the moment we are in-
volved in war, Congress loses all power to regu-
late the rights of war, and they are devolved by
the Constitution, ipso facto, in all their length,
breadth, and depth, upon the Chief Magistrate ot
the nation, and we cannot modify or control them.
That is the gist of the whole argument of the gen-
tlemen. A little reflection would have taughtthose
gentlemen that there is no such thing in the
Constitution; and if they had reflected upon that
glorious old stock from which they sprung, they
would have known that so slavish and despotica
doctrine was never promulgated by our fathers;
yea, they would have felt in their bones, in their
Anglo-Saxon blood, that such a construction ot
the Constitution could not be true.
The Senator from Illinois has been arguing here
from hour to hour that the President has all power
in war, and we none; and he says now that he only
argued to preserve the just limitation of powers
between the different departments of the Govern-
ment. Sir, I concede that every tyro in jurispru-
dence knows that in all limited Governments the
powers are guarded by a threefold division—the
executive, the legislative, and. the judicial—and
that they ought to be kept separate and apart. No
lengthened argument is required in the Senate of
the United States to admonish gentlemen that such
is the Constitution of our country, and that it is
proper to maintain these powers, each one entire,
each without encroachment upon the other. No
lengthened speech need be made upon that. Now,
sir, what are these powers ? That is the question.
( Gentlemen argue here, as I said before—and
1 that is why I rise to repel what I call a slavish
doctrine, which is unworthy the American Sen-
ate—that the President of the United States, the
moment that we are involved in a war, is a des-
potic magistrate, and is subject to no control fiom
any quarter. Sir, the representatives of the peo-
ple, the Congress of the United States, are the
safe depository of power in all these cases, to
