1010
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
mere fact that thin man was admitted to the soat
and took the oath of office made him conclusively
the owner in fee-simple of that soat, and that we
could not exclude him except by expulsion. If
I had any idea that any member of the House,
except the distinguished gentleman from Ohio,
had made that discovery or maintained that doc-
trine, I should attempt to refute it. It would very
much embarrass the Committee of Elections, be-
cause in every contested case one man is outside
the House and the other man inside, and if the
man inside has an indefeasible right, the man out-
side is, of course, if I may use the expression,
"agoner." [Laughter.] If that is the rule which
is to prevail in such cases, it is time that the com-
mittee understood it from the House, and I pray
a vote of the House on some resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio expressive of that doctrine.
The beautiful, delicate, chaste figure of speech
with which the gentleman closed Ins remarks of
yesterday touching the report of the committee of
course 1 have nothing to do with. I shall notdis-
turb him in it. We are sometimes accused of using
far-fetched figures of speech; but it is due to the
gentleman from Ohio to say that that criticism will
not apply to him, for he seemed perfectly at home
with this figure of speech to which he seemed to
have clung with a great deal of relish and delight.
And with that, I will pass over the gentleman's
remarks, if he will pardon me.
Now, Mr. Speaker, stripped of all technicalities,
the-f<icts of the case are, that ten men, on the legal
day, did cast their votes for the incumbent, but
not according to law, and that force and violence
prevented anybody else in the district from exer-
cising the elective franchise. This man, then, can-
not claim to have been elected according to law;
but he claims that we shall give effect to the voice
of the people. And how docs he propose to doit?
He proposes to stifle the voice of the people. He
claims that we shall not speak under the forms of
law, but rise above them, and protect the sacred
right of representation. And how does lie pro-
pose that we shall do it? By enacting here by our
votes that there shall be no representation. Sir, I
cannot think that this House will make a prece-
dent here, in the face of the fifty or more districts
unrepresented in this House, that the first man
who reaches here from an unrepresented district
with a subscription paper in his pocket can take
his seat and close the door against all comeis. If
so, I think we had bcitei slop talking about en-
couraging the Union sentiment in these districts.
Sir, like my colleague, [Mr. Delano,] I, as one
of tin1 Representatives from Massachusetts, have
no hope that we shall ever see this Union again
as it was before, unless f see Representatives com-
ing here under the sanctions otlow, and baptized
in the assurance of the choice of the free electors
of their districts. If any other member of this
House, desires to give men seats upon this floor
by any other title than that, 1 cannot vote with
him. I vote to sustain this rcpoit of the Com-
mittee of Elections, because, in so doing, I vote
a declaration here to the people of this district,
and of all others, that whenever the fetters fall
from their hands, they shall have a right to choose
the men who shall occupy seats here as their Rep-
resentatives. I now move the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on that. I should like to address the
House about thirty minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I would be veiyglad to with-
draw it, but the aigument in this case has been
very much extended. I waited to see if any other
gentleman desired the floor before I took it. I have
submitted these remaiks, and I must insist on
the previous question, according to my agreement
with thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Worcester,]
who has charge of the case.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
The question was first taken on Mr. Riddle's
amendment to the resolution reported fiom the
Committee of Elections, to strike out the word
" not," so that it would read that Mr. Upton is
entitled to his seat.
Mr. RIDDLE demanded the yeas and navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Mossis. Aldrich, Ainoul, Joseph Batly, Rinnham
Francis P. Blair, Jacob II. Rlan,William G. Biown,Camp'
bell, CoilaXj Crfcveub, Oritteiulen, Culler, Davis, Delarft),
Due'I, Fesspwlen, Fisher, Frank, Goodwin, Gianger, Gii-
dpr, Ilaight, Hanchett. Hanit>on, Hooper, Ilorton, Francis
W. Kellogg, Knapp, Lehman, Mallory, Maynaril, Noel!,
Potter, Price, Alexander H. lUce, John H. tlice, Richatd-
son, Riddle, Sedgwick, Sloan, Smith, Stratton, Train,
Charles W. Walton, Ward, Whaley, Albert S. White,
WiclciifFe, Windoni, and Wright—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Ashley, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bidrile, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Georgs- II.
Browne, Buffinton, Chamberlin, Clements, Frederick A.
Conkling, Cox, Crisfield, Dawes, Delaplainc, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaid«, Eliot, Ely, English, Gurlpy,
Hale, Harding, Holman, Hutchms, Johnson, Kelley, Lan-
sing, Leary, Loomfs, Lovejoy, McKnight, McPherson,
May, Mcnzies, Mitchell, Mooihcad, Justin S. Morrill, Nu-
gen, Ohn, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter,
Robinson, Sargent, Sheffield, Shellabaigei, Shiel. John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Francis Thomas, Trowbiidge, Van Val'konburgh, Vcrree,
Vibbard, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wa«liburne, Webster,
Wilson, Wood, Woodiuff, and Woiecster—73.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. KELLEY stated that Mr. Hickman was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, (not being within
the bar when his name was called,) asked leave
to vote.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
The question recurred on theresolution reported
by the Committee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That Charles II. Upton is? nor entitled to a soat
in this House as a Representative of the seventh congres-
sional dtstrict of Virginia.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution wasadopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Htckey,
one of their clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill entitled 4<An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1863,
and additional appropiiations for the year ending
30th June, 1862."
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the business next
in order to be the consideration of the homestead
bill as a special order, on which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. TIOLMAN. I move to postpone the con-
sideiation of that subject till to-morrow.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii. There is 'a special
order fixed for to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. That makes no difference.
The motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA. CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, repotted the following resolutions; which
were ordered to be printed:
Resolved) That John Kline is not entitled to a seat m this
House as a Repicsentative in theThnty-Seventh Congress
from the thud congressional distiict in Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That John P. Vcrree is entitled to the scat now
occupied byhim as a Representative in the Thhty-Sevcnth
Congiess fiom the third congressional district m Pennsyl-
vania.
INVESTIGATIONS AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the special commit-
tee on Government contracts, reported the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to till* House the lcpoitand corie^pondonee ot' '
the eoinmiwon at St. Loins, consisting of David Davis, !
Joseph Holt, and Hugh Campbell, and the report and cor- i
rcspondcnco of the attorney of said commission. - j
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the '
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN AGENT'S REPORTS.
Mr. POTTER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That th« Si'ciutaiy of the inteiior be requested ■
to tian<imt to this Houac copses of the tepoits made to the •
said Depamnent between May J, J861, and AdgtKt of the
same >ear, by Augustus Watts, Esq., special Indian agent
to visit the Sacs and Foxes, the Kansas, Chippewa,"Ot-
tawa, Delawaro, and Osage tribes of Indians; also the cor-
respondence on file in the Indian bureau between the De-
pal tment and iMr. George M. Day, ig regaid to the Indian
superin tendencies*.
And then, on motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Vir-
ginia, (at haIfpastfouro'clock p.m.,)theHouse
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 28, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and apprg^d.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYQK presented the petition of W.
N. W ood, pray ing relief for Olivin Spencer Wood,
late temporary naval storekeeper at St. Paul de
Loando; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of R.
Shelden and others, citizens of Michigan, praying
that a military road be established from thecoppcr
region of Lake Superior to connect with the nearest
railway station at Appleton, Wisconsin; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Addison, New Yoik, in which they set forth
that by the act of the slave power in rebelling
we have all of us been released from every obli-
gation to tolerate any longer its existence among
us, and praying for the adoption of such measures
by Congress as will insure emancipation; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Eugene E. T. Smith, praying for an increase of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Ho also presented a memorial of citizens of
Michigan, pray ing for the establishment of a Gov-
ernment naval depot at the mostsuitable point on
the Sdgiuciw river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of G. F. Perry
& Co., M. W. Gait & Brother, Joseph T. Iv.
Plant & Co., E. M. Lmthicum & Co., John L.
Kid well, and others, citizens of the District of
Columbia, praying that the banks of the District
may be authorized to issue small notes; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Charles Henry Foster, prayingfor the passage of
a law enabling the electors of the second congres-
sional district of North Carolina to choose a Rep-
resentative of the second district to the House of
Kepresentativesof theUnited States, under the au-
thoiity conferred upon Congress in article one,
section four, of the Constitution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also piesented the petition of Marble Nash
Taylor, praying for the passage of a law enabling
the electors of the second congressional district of
North Carolina to choose a Representative to the
House of Representatives of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of California, in favor of a semi-
monthly mail,by sea, from San Fiancisco to Cres-
cent City, in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to he printed.
Mr. GRIjVIES piesented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an order that the
Iowa third and seventh regiments of infantry be
authorized to bear upon their respective colors the
words "Blue Mills" and " Belmont," m letters
of gold, that they may bear a similar badge of
honor with the Iowa fust regiment; which weie
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of Isaac
Vanderpoel and the bill (S. No. 127) for the re-
lief of Isaac Vanderpoel, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the bill (S. No. 214) prohibiting the
allowance of certain claims for pensions, reported
it without amendment.
