1970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
should be completed, and- the States notified of
their rights under it, by the 1st of November.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we claim that in the ab-
sence of any law determining when that census
shall take iffeet tor the purposes of represi nta-
tion, the rights of every State uffected by it accrue
the very moment that the fact of the number of
Representatives to which it is entitled is ascer-
tained. 1 think no one will doubt that. No one
will attempt to controvert it. If there is no estab-
lished law or rule to govern us, then our rights
must of necessity accrue, under the census, the
very moment that census is completed. But I do
not propose to pursue this point. As I said be-
fore, I think this matter can be reached in a man-
ner satisfactory to all, and without establishing a
precedent that will disturb the representation of
any State. The majority of the committee was
kind enough to say in its report, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has very kindly and
very justly stated this morning, that the people
of California feel they have never been allowed
the representation to which they are entitled, and
I propose to submit some evidence to demonstrate
that fact. The majoiity report says:
{iThe memorialist urged upon the committee other consid-
erations, lor the purpose of snowing that California was in
equity entitled to a third Representative, even under the
apportionment bafecd upon the census, of 1850. It never
couid bo ascovtaincd by that census what was the actual
number of inhabitants in that State in 1850. A portion of
the census papeis vve^e accidentally burned in the great fin;
«f that yeai in San Francbco, and were never returned to
the Seeretaiy of the interior. Largo settlements wore omit-
ted altogether from the enumeration, under the mistaken
belief that they fell within the Tenitory of Oregon. The
van extent of territory sparsely settled, in some pait= by
miners almost hidden among the mountains, and the Mir.ilt
remuneration to the marshals for thi* service, were thought
very much to corroborate the statement of the marshal and
others, that the number returned tellshortof the tiue num-
ber by from thirty to fifty per cent. The apportionment
based'upon the returns actually made gave California but
one Representative with a fuieti.'ii. Confess, in 1852, bo-
fore the apportionment took effect, in justice to Cahlornia,
undertook to remedy this delect by an act reciting tht*so
considerations just stilted, and providing that the State
should be entitled to two Representative;, till the nextcuum •
oration The memorialist uiged upon the committee that
full justice was not done California at that tune, and that
she was actually entitled to three. The whole vote of the
State at the presidential election in 1852 was 71,736. Adopt-
ing any ratio between voters and population, or even a
much --mailer one than is adopted in the older States and
there would have been population enough fot thiee Repre-
sentatives. The State census of 18.r><4, which was only ap
proximate, gave 264,4I1">—only M,000 ie.ss than enough for
three Representatives. The vote of California in 1861 was
118,840, giving evidence, of a much larger population than
by either apportionment is represented m Congress,"
Now, Mr. Speaker, the population of Califor-
nia in 1850 and 1852 can be better ascertained
by the votes cast then, than by any attempt at
enumeration made up to this time, far we never
have yet had any enumeration thereon which we
could rely in that State. In 1852, as the commit-
ter state, California cast 74,736 votes. With two
Representatives, she is allowed one to 37,368
voters. In the same year Connecticut cast 66,768
votes. She is allowed four Representatives, or one
to 16,6D^ voters. Maine cast 82,18*2 votes—less
than 8*000 more than California—she is allowed six
Representatives, or one to 13,($7 voters. Mas-
sachusetts cast 13^936votes. She isallowed eleven
Representatives, or one to 12,613 voters. New
York cast 522,294 votes. She is allowed thirty-
three Representatives, or one to 15,827 voters.
Now, while I do not claim that the population was
relatively as large to the voter in California as in
those States, I do claim that the disparity was not
so great, or near so great, as this representation
would show. If California had been allowed three
Representatives in 1852, she would then have had
one to 24,912 voters, or nearly double the number
required to entitle any oiher State to a Represent-
ative. We have never been in a position to de-
monstrate the number of our population better than
in this way. 1 presume that there is not a man
throughout the length and breadth of California
who has not felt, during the last ten years, that
she was entitled to this increased representation. I
do not suppose that there is any disposition on the
part of this House to deny us the full representa-
tion to which we are entitled, provided it can be
given us without inconvenience or the establish-
ing a precedent that will lead to inconvenience in
the fuime.
In 1660 California caiit 118,840 votes; Con-
necii'Mu, 77,246; Maine, 07,918; Massachusetts,
169,175; JNAv Humpshiie, 65,953; New Yoik,
657,123. If you allow California but two mem-
bers, she has 59,420 voters to each Representative;
Connecticut, 19,311; Maine, 16,315; Massachu-
setts, 15,378; New Hampshire, 21,984; and New
York, 19,913. If California be allowed three Rep-
resentatives, then she has one to 39,613 voters, be-
injj^ibout double the number required in any other
State.
Again, sir: by the act of 5th August, apportion-
ing direct taxes to the State of California, it you
are to decide that California is entitled to but two
Representatives, you thereby require California
to pay a much larger proportion of these taxes ac-
cording to its representation than any other State.
If you allow California two Representatives only,
you require her, in the face of the provision of the
Constitution which contemplates, at least, if it
does not expressly provide, that representation
and taxation shall go hand in hand—in the face
of that provision, I say, you require California
to pay §127,000 for each of her Representatives,
while you require Connecticut to pay $77,000;
Maine, $70,000; Massachusetts, $75,000; New
Hampshire, §73,000; and New York, $79,000.
Butif youallow California three Representatives,
you then require her to pay §85,000 for each Rep-
resentative, a much larger sum than you require of
the older States.
These are considerations, Mr. Speaker, in
equity—and I will not detain the House with ar-
gument-—showing that, according to the law as it
now stands, we are entitled to this third Repre-
sentative; though i believe it could be made so
plainly to appear that the House could not in
justice refuse issue then, notwithstanding any
inconvenience it might cost us in the future. But,
sir, neitherMr. Lowe nor myself, so far as we are
concerned, are disposed to ask anything of Con-
gress that can possibly cause any inconvenience
now or hereafter. 1 have, therefore, drawn a bill
declaring when all subsequent enumerations of the
inhabitants of the United States shall take effect
for the purposes of representation. That will set-
tic the question for the future beyond all doubt or
cavil; and I shall ask the consent of the House to
introduce it and have it acted upon at this time.
We are perfectly willing that this question shall
n-st upon the sense of justice of the Senate and
President as well as that of the House. 1 now
ask the consent of the House to introduce the
following bill;
A bill to define the time when census hereafterto betaken
shall take effect lor puiposes of lopiesentation.
Be. it cnaclcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress awmhlerf, That
a census shall be taken in the year 1870, and shall take ef-
fect for purposes of representation in Confess from and
after the 3d day of March. 1873, and shall continue as the
basis of ^presentation for a period of ten years, and each
subsequent census shall in the same manner continue for a
like period.
£ EC. 2. Jlnd be it further eiirrcted, Thatas the cen«u- has
never been i el iably taken mthe State of California until the
year I860, and as it appears that the.-aid State has sufficient
population to entitle her to thiee Kepi esentativcMinderthe
said census, and as three Repie^entatives have been duly
elected to the Thirty-Seventh Congress under the suppo-
sition that the «atd State was entitled to the same, as ap-
pear.-! by the certificates of the Governor thereof, and as di-
rect taxes have been apportioned to and paid by said State
under the census of I860, the said State shall be allowed
three Representatives m the Thirty-Seventh Congress ; and
for that purpose the whole numhci of Representatives in
hereby incieased one, until the beginning of the Thnty-
Eighth Confess, when the whole numbei shall be the
number now established by Jaw.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my friend
from California, that he withhold his bill until the
House has acted upon this resolution. I will not
object to it then.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. If the gentle-
man desires to postpone the resolution for a week,
until this bill can be acted on, I am perfectly will-
ing that it shall be done.
Mr. DAWES. 1 think it would be proper to
take the sense of the House upon the resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections, and then,
so far as I am concerned, I will not object to the
introduction of the bill which the geiulemairpro-
poses.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. My idea is, that
action upon the bill is necessary to enable the
House to act upon the resolution. If the resolu-
1 tiou of the committee should be adopted, the pas-
sage of the bill would not give Mr. Lowe his seat.
Mr. DAWES. It would not affect him. It
would leave him just where he would be if the res-
olution v/ere pending while we acted upon the bill.
It would not affect his status at all.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. It matters not
to me what is done with the resolution so that it
does not shut the member out.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts object to tiie introduction of the
bill r
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to object, but
it seems to me it would be better for the gentleman
from California to postpone it until a vote has been
taken upon the resolution. I do not think the
passage of the resolution would affect the status
of Mr. Lowe at all, in view of the passage of the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I would much
prefer that the bill should be acted on now. I am
of opinion that the passage of the resolution would
shut the member out. If we declare that Mr.
Lowe is not entitled to a seat in this House, al-
though a law may be subsequently passed declar-
ing that California is entitled to three Represent-
atives, he could not then come in and claim a seat.
Mr. DAWES. I repeat that I do not think it"
would alter his status at all. The reason why the
Committee of Elections report this resolution is
because there is no law. If a law is passed that
is another matter. Men are elected before a law
is passed authorizing the election oftentimes. A
Representative from Kansas was so elected. Rep-
resentatives are often elected in that way. I do
not think the passage of this resolution would
affect his position at all under the proposed law.
If the House do not concur in the resolution, you
do not want the bill. If the House agree to the
resolution, the bill may then be brought up, so
far as I am concerned.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. It places those
who believe as I do, that Mr. Lowe is entitled
to a seat, in this position: you do not desire the
passage or the defeat of the resolution if the bill
is passed; but it compels us to vote against the
resolution, to which we have no objection in case
we are allowed to act upon this bill", for then we
should care nothing about the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. 1 interpose no objection to this
bill, so far as I am concerned; but I make the
suggestion that the Committee of Elections de-
sire that the vote shall be first taken upon this
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the in-
troduction of the bill?
Mr. COX. I do not desire to object to the
bill, but I would suggest to the gentleman fiom
California that it is hardly proper to press it upon
the House at this time. The passage of the res-
olution of the Committee of Elections will not
affect Mr. Lowe's standingatall. If it is a proper
and suitable bill, in the opinion of the House, it
will be passed anyhow, and I suggest to the gen-
tleman that it will be better to defer the bill until
the resolution shall have been disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will move to
postpone the resolution for one week. I do not
think there can be any objection to that.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that question, I have
simply to say that I desire a vote upon this res-
olution, and that will clear the way for the con-
sideration of the bill, if the bill is a proper one—
and upon that point the Committee of Elections
do not propose to interfere at all. The Committee
of Elections, so far as I am informed—for myself
at least, I say that I do not propose to interfere
in the passage of that bill at all. The committee
are vu y confident that as the law now stands the
State of California is not entitled to these Repre-
sentatives in this Congress. It does not alter the
rights of the memorialist at all so fai us the bill is
concerned. It only shows the necessity of the
bill if there is notice in the bill. If the House
votes down the resolution and admits Mr. Lowe,
there is no necessity for the bill. If the majoiity
of the House think the resolution is wrong, let
them vote it down; there is no cause why it should
be postponed. I hope therefore the motion of the
gentleman from California will not be adopted.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I then ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
bill which I have read. I think it is the true pol-
icy to act upon the bill in connection with the res-
olution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object. Let us first take
a vote upon the resolution of the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. DAWES. If nobody proposes to debate
