1862.
THE CON"(xEESSIONAL GLOBE.
too short; the Constitution ia^so weak that we are
restrained from talcing it to feefr'a starving* soldier.
I say yoU will never bring this war to an end while
it is the purpose of your commanders in the field
rather to use their soldiers to guard the pigs and
the chickens and the fences of your mortal ene-
mies than to fight them in the field. The general
who will place his guard so sedulously around the
property of a rebel to protect it will not be very
likely to fight that rebel in the field. It is idle; it
is anomalous; it is not the voice of common sense
nor the Constitution of the country. We have
the power to defend that Constitution against as-
saults from all quarters. I have sworn to God that
I will supportit, and I never was more in the prog-
ress of that conscientious duty than when I stand
here contending for the prosecution of this war
with the utmost vigor, and the-prostration of the
power of the enemy, I am bound by my oath
to be the enemy of the enemies of the Constitu-
tion. I have sworn to protect it, which presup-
poses that 1 am the enemy of those who assail it.
The man who claims that the Constitution itself
is a protection for treason is much more likely to
violate it than he who stands forth the advocate
of a law that shall use this rebel pro'perty for the
purpose of suppressing the rebellion, and thus
maintaining the Constitution of our country. In
my heart of hearts I have it in charge more than
anything else to maintain and defend the Consti-
tution, the Union, and the old flag; and 1 will do
it, though every slave be free and every rebel loses
every cent of property that he ever had or ever will
have. Until this spirit actuates the Administration
I do not hope for a triumphant conclusion of this
great controversy.
Sn, southern traitors may as well learn at first
as last that if they will not conscnt to be our
equals they must be our vassals. We offer to treat
them as our equals. We have said to them, " you
may be our equals on this floor, everywhere;"
but they may as well understand that if they can-
not consent to be our equals, they must be our
vassals. They never can compete with us; they
never shall be our masters; and therefore, if they
cannot consent to be our equals, but wage war on
us, it must end in their vassalage; for the glorious
principles of our old Constitution shall never be
subverted. We will stand upon this, although we
take their property and their lives; and whatever
else may come, the war shall be prosecuted with
unremitting vigor,and with a resolute determina-
tion until treason gives up the ghost, although
every cent of property belonging to the rebels be
taken, and although their slaves be emancipated.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Connecticut, the Chair
will lay before the Senate a message from the
House of Representatives, requesting the return
of a bill.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jn House of Ubpresentatives, June J862.
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to icques>t the re-
turn fiom the Semite of the bill (II.lt. No. 280) to establish
and equalize the grades of lino officers of the United States
Navy, in order that :i clerical error in the engrossment of
the same may be corrected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being made, the Chair will take it to be the will
of the Senate that this request be complied with,
and accordingly the bill will be returned to the
House in compliance with the request. ,
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. DIXON. I have the floor.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. DIXON. I have not yielded the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire rises to a question of order.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to inquire 
Mr. DIXON. I object to the Senator proceed-
ing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor, ris-
ing to a question of order.
Mr. HALE. I simply wanted to inquire, asa
matter of order, whether the sending back of that
hill supersedes the submission of it to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, who have it, and have
assigned it specially for to-morrow morning?
That h the question of order 1 wish to submit.
Mr. DIXON. I submit that that is not a ques-
tion of order. I do not think the Senator can take
the floor by submitting such a question as that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
of practice does not submit a questron of order for
the decision of the Chair as a mere question ot
order.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, there are certain
men in every deliberative body who, by reason
of fheir talent, their virtue, theirlove of freedom,
and every good quality which endears a Senator
or Representative to the people, have a right to
assume magisterial airs. When they do so, it is,
perhaps, the duty of others to submit to it. I, for
myself, claim no such privilege, and I do not like
to submit to airs of that kind; much less do I de-
light in submitting to persistent misrepresenta-
tions, whether intentional or unintentional. Nor
is it agreeable to be told, on explaining to a Sen-
ator that what he had misrepresented was misun-
derstood, that I myself did not understand what
I had said. Perhaps that is proper; it may be a
proper mode of senatorial and deliberative discus-
sion; but if it is, I do not wish to imitate even the
illustrious example of the Senator from Ohio m
applying to him anything of that sort. It struck
me as improper.
Now, sir, I will ask the indulgence of the Senate
for a few moments, for this is a matter of some
importance to me. I do not like to be placed on
record before the country or before my constitu-
ents as holding-a certain doctrine here which I do
not believe. My constituents read what is said
by the Senator from Ohio and they read what is
said by the Senator from New Hampshire. What
have I advocated? Whether my speech might
have been made upon another bill is not the ques-
tion. What have i advocated? I laid down a doc-
trine and attempted to elucidate it. The doctrine 1
laid down was this: that in acts of secession the
States did-^ot act as such that they could not act
as such; that they had no power to act as such;
and I quoted what I considered high authority,
and I attempted by reasoning to show that that
was correct. I claimed on the contrary that the
acts of secession were individual acts of insurrec-
tion, rebellion, and hostility, for which the indi-
viduals were liable. I thought I used language
which showed that I considered them highly crim-
inal , and that they were subject to pains and pen-
alties and forfeitures of a vei y seveie character. I
deny that the Senator from Ohio has any greater
horror of or aversion to crimes of that character
than I have. I do not claim, and I do not under-
stand him to claim, that the State of Virginia has
committed treason, or that the State of Tennessee
has committed treason. If the Senator claims that,
let him say so. If he believes that the State of Ten-
nessee in her corporate capacity has committed
treason, why does he allow Andrew Johnson to
represent her here?
Mr. WADE. I have not entered on that sub-
ject at all.
Mr. DIXON. That is the subject I am upon,
and was upon, and the subject that I have a per-
fect right to be upon, and a subject upon which
the Senator had no right to misrepresent me. I
said that the State of Tennessee had not committed
treason; but that the people of Tennessee, or a
large portion of them, I fear a majority, had com-
mitted treason, and in committing treason had
levied war against the United States; and that the
way to put down that treason and that war was
by war in return. \ am in favor of prosecuting
that war with all the energy and zeal, and with,
perhaps, all the vindictiveness that the Senator
from Ohio is. I have no feelings of kindness, I
have no feelings of love for traitors in arms. I
do not wish to shield them. I have said nothing
which showed a disposition of that kind. I would
punish them in every legal manner, and I fear I
should not be over scrupulous in inquiring as to
what were the legal modes of punishment.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me a
moruen t 
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Connecticut yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Ohio ?
Mr. DIXON. I do.
Mr. WADE. I understood the Senator to ar-
gue that Congress had no power to pass a bill of
confiscation, but that that power was lodged in
the President Of tire United States, if there was
any such power.
Mr. DIXON. I did not use the word " confisca-
tion,"exceptin the commencement of my speech in
alluding to the speech of the Senator from Michi-
gan, in which I said that his argument made to
showthattheMlofthe Senator from NewHamj>
shire[ Mr. Clark} was unconstitutional was very
powerful; that he almost convinced me that it was
unconstitutional, and thathis argument showed the
great difficulty of passing an act of confiscation
that should not be subject to that objection. That
is all I said about it. I did not say that Congress
had no power to pass an act of confiscation.
Mr. HOWARD. If my friend from Connec-
ticut will allow me, I beg to say simply in-reply
to the suggestion made by Him, that those partic-
ular clauses of the bill reported by the selectcom-
mittee of the Senate on which I commented yes-
terday, and which I treated as unconstitutional
and therefore void, are in no sense provisions for
the confiscation of enemy's property. The word
"does notapply to those provisions. I did not treat
them as enacting a confiscation, but as declaring
something entirely different from confiscation. I
desire also to say that I did not deny, and I trust
the Senator from Connecticut did not understand
me as denying, that Congress has full power of
confiscation as a measure of war. I certainly said
so repeatedly in my remarks, and have said so
heretofore, and I still adhere to the same doctrine,
so that it seems to me he could not have drawn
such a conclusion from anything that I said.
Mr. DIXON. As to the word confiscation, I
spoke of the bill rather in its common accepta-
tion, whatever its title or object may be. The
Senator attempted toshow,in a most able and in-
genious argument, that that bill for confiscation,
or emancipation, or whatever may be its charac-
ter, offered by the Senator from New Hampshire
as a substitute for the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives, wasunconstitutional. He will notdeny
that he made an argument for that purpose; and
I said I thought he went far towards proving it;
and I said further, his argument showed the great
difficulty of passdng any bill of the kind without
conflict with the'Constitution. I then went on
another; subject; and that subject was mainly this:
whether the States, in what they had purported
to do, or the individual actors in secession and
rebellion, were simply to be considered as indi-
viduals making war against the General Govern-
ment as traitors and rebels, and as liable^ there-
fore, to punishment. That was the main question
which I meant to present.
I did, it is true, take up the question as to whether
the President had certain powers. I took the
ground that this being now a war, and the Presi-
dent being Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, and having a right to command the Army,
he might in a region of country which he had con-
quered, the individuals of which were at war with
the United States, appoint a military Governor
over those people. I said I thought he ought not
to call that military Governor a Governor of Lou-
isiana or a Governor of North Carolina. He does
so, and there I think he is in error; although that
is verbal, merely technical. I do not consider
Mr. Stanly Governor of North Carolina. I do not
think the President had any power to appointhim
Governor of North Carolina. I think he has
power to appoint him over the subjugated portion
of that territory included within those limits. Gov-
ernor of whom ? Govcrnoi of the public enemies
whom he has conquered. They arc at waragainst
the Government in every sense of the word, just
as much as if they were foreigners; and he has the
same power, I think, to appoint a Governor over
them that General Scott had to appoint a Gover-
nor over a conquered city in Mexico. If the Sen-
ator says I am wrong, I should be likely to sub-
mit to his superior knowledge of the Constitution.
That was my opinion.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me, all
I intended to say about the Senator from Connec-
ticut was this: I gathered from his speech that ke
believed that Congress had no power to regulate
these rights of war that otherwise devolved on the
Commander-in-Chief.
Mr. DIXON. The truth was, the Senator did
not listen very much to what I did say. I do not
blame him for that.
Mr. WADE. I will ask the Senator now, does
he hold that Congress has full power to legislate
on that subject? That will end the matter at once.
Mr. DIXON. That is a question which can-
not be answered with a yes or no. I think Con-
gress has full power to legislate on every subject
where power is granted or implied by the Consti-
tution. If the Senator thinks he is going to bring
