1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
the resolution further I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not propose to debate
the resolution, but I desire to amend it.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the word " not;" so that it
will read:
Resolved, That F. F. Lowe is entitled to a seat in this
House as Repiesentattve from the State of California, in
the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
I now ask for the previous question on the res-
olution and amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oraered to be put.
Mr, SARGENT called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Asliley, Francis
P. Blair, Blake, George H. Browne, JJuffinton, Campbell,
Clark, Colfax, Cox, Davis, Delaplaine, Duell, Edgerton,
Fessendon, Fisher, Franchot, Frank, Goodwin, Granger,
Ilaight, Johnson, Kelley, Lehman, Lovejoy, Moorhead,
Anson P. Morrill, Morris,Noell, Olin, Pendleton,Timothy
G. Phelps, Pike, Frice, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Xiiee,
Richardson, Sargent, Shanks, Vallandighain, Van Horn,
Voorhees, Ward, Washbume, Whaley, Wilson,and Win-
dow—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Babbitt, Joseph Rally, Beaman,
Ringliain, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert,
Cliaftiberlm, Frederick A. Conkling, lloscoe Conkling,
Coining, Covode, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Cutler,
Dawes, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, English, Fenton,
Gooch, Grider, Guriey, Harding, Harrison, Holman, Hutch-
ing, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Kerrigan, Killinger,
Knapp, Law, Lcary, Loomis, McKnight, McPherson, Mal-
lory, Maynard, Menzies, Justin S. Morrill, Noble, OdeH,
Perry, Potter, Riddle, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, Sedg-
wick, Sheffield, Shellabarger, John 13. Steele, Benjamin
F.Thoma-s, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wickliffe. and Woodruff
—69.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
report of the committee; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved,
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill to define the time when censuses hereafter to
be taken shall take effect for the purpose of rep-
resentation, and to have it put on its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to that bill being
acted on at this time. I suggest that it be ordered
to be printed, and its consideration postponed to
a future day.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move that the
bill be ordered to be printed, and made the special
order for Friday next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not object to that.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. This is an important bill,
and it ought to be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I hope that the
gentleman will not press that motion. The bill
has been discussed, and is understood by every
member of this House.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. J do not
understand it.
Air. PHELPS, of California. It will be under-
stood when the bill has been oidered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order for
Friday next.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Then T move that
it be made the special order for Monday next.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to the intro-
duction of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will move that
the bill bo referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, if that be the desire of the House.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw my ob-
jection on that condition.
The bill was introduced, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
VIRGINIA ELECTION CASE.
Mr, DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I call up the election case of Joseph Segar, claim-
ing to represent the first district of Virginia in tins
House.
The Clerk read the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, to whom
were referred the credentials of Joseph Segar, claiming a
seat in this House as aReptesentauvefrom the first disuiet
in Virginia, be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. DAWES. I propose only to state tlie facts
in this case, and to leave the House to act upon
them.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to submit a motion,
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. NOELL. The Committee of Elections
have failed to agree to any report on this case, or
rather, to submit any report upon the merits of
Mr. Segar's claim. Mr. Segar presents himself
here with the usual certificate from the Governor
of his State. I move, therefore, inasmuch as the
Committee of Elections have failed to agree in
regard to the merits of this case, that Joseph Se-
gar be sworn in in the usual form as a member of
this House.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest the gentleman had
better move an amendment to the resolution re-
ported by the committee. He can move as a sub-
stitute to the resolution of the committee that
Joseph Segar is entitled to a seat upon this floor.
The report of the committee is, that the Commit-
tee of Elections be discharged from the further
consideration of the case.
Mr. NOELL. I do not object to that.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. It is now two o'clock, the
hour fixed by the House for taking the vote on
the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFEdemanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of that bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Arnold, Ashley,
Beaman, Biddlo, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Wil-
liam G. Biown, Campbell, Clements, Colfax, Coining, Co-
vode, Culler, Davis, Delaplame, Dueli, Dunlap, Erigeitou,
Eliot, Eiv, Fenton, Fe^enden, Fwher, Franchot, Frank,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Guriey, ilaight, Hall, Hooper,
Horton, Hutcluns, Julian, Kelley, Fiaticjs W. Kellogg,
Killinger, Lansing, Leary, Lehman, Loomis Maynard,
Menzies, Moorhead, An>on P. Morrill, Nixon, jVoell, Not-
ion, Ohn, -Pcn v, Timothy G. Phelps, Price, Alexander H.
Rice, Itiddle, James S. ltollins,Saigent, Sedgwick. Shella-
haigcr, John B. Steele, Stevens, Train, Tiowbridge, Van
Horn, Verree, Wallace,Charles \V. Walton, Waid, VVash-
burne, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Worcester—79. •
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Babbitt, Joseph Baily, Baker,
Jacob B. Blair, Geoige H. Browne, Butfinton, Calvert,
Chambeilin, Cohh, Fiedertck A. Conkling, Cox, Ciavcns,
Crisfield, Crittenden, Diven, l")unn, English, Grider, Hard-
ing, Hairi^on, Johnson, William Kelfosg, Knapp, Law,
Lovpjov, McKnight, Mailoiy, Ju-tin S. Morull, Morris.
Noble,bdell. Pike, Potter, Richardson, Robinson, Shanks,
Sheffield, William G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fran-
cis Thomas, Tiimbl«, Vallandigham, Vooihee?, Wads-
worth, E. P. Walton, Albert S. White, WickUffe, and
Woodruff—49.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that he was paired with
Mr. Blair, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that he was paired
with Mr. Baxter, who would have voted in the
negative, while he would have voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. BAKER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Van Valkenbuhgii, was detained from the House
by illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the leport of the Committee of Elections m the
Virginia election case.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, Mr. Speaker, that
it is a mere matter of form how the House arrives
at a decision in this case. I am indifferent as to
the method of getting at the sense of the House.
I desire to get the Committee of Elections dis-
charged ftom the fuither consideration of the sub-
ject; and I will briefly state to the House the facts
as they were submitted to the committee. There
is no dispute with anybody about the facts in the
case. From the report (No. TO) it appears that
this district, which the memorialist claims to rep-
resent, is composed of seventeen counties in the
State of Virginia, with a population of one hun-
dred and twenty-two thousand by the census.
The population of each one of those counties is
given on the second and third pages of the report.
The whole number of votes cast in that district
at the last gubernatorial election was7,966.
After the proceedings in the House on the first
application of the memorialist for a seat in this
House, Governor Pierpont, of Virgjnia, issued
his writ, I believe, following the provisions of the
statute of Virginia, calling for an election in this
district, and 1 think he also followed the recom-
mendation of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions made to this House in the previous case.
The condition of things at the time this election
was held was such in that district that, of the
seventeen counties, only three were not in the
armed occupation of the rebels,andin one of those
counties, Hampton was the only precinct which
was entirely clear of the rebels. The writofclec-
tion reached thesherifFsin those three counties, and
so far as wpknow they gave the notice and the polls
were opened in all the precincts of Northampton
and Accomac, and at Hampton, in the county of
Elizabeth City. One thousand and eighteen votes
were cast, of which Joseph Segar received 559,
or a majority of the votes cast in those precincts.
At the last gubernatorial election 7,986 votes were
cast,and at this election 1,018,or about oneeighth
of the whole number, and of that one eighth Mr.
Segar had a little more than one half.
The difficulty which the Committee of Elections
encountered was this: they have laid down a prin-
ciple heretofore, and the House has acted upon it
in several cases which have been brought before
the House, that if the voters of a district had an
opportunity to vote, if there was no restraint upon
them, so that they could vote, he who had the high-
est number of votes is entitled to a seat, whether
the votes be few or whether they be many; and
the question is whether this case came within that
rule.
Here were only three counties out of seventeen,
and although they are large counties, they contain
a little over thirty thousand out of the one hundred
and twenty-two thousand of all the inhabitants,
and there were polled only one eighth of all the
votes. Whether it could be said that in the other
fourteen counties which were in the occupation of
the rebel armies, the voters could not go to the
polls and express their opinion at all, or not, or
whether it could be said that the voters of these
three counties, numbering about one thousand,
expressed the wish or desire of the voters in the
other counties, so nearly and so fairly, that under
the present slate of things in Virginia, it is right
or proper to admit this man to a seat, is a ques-
tion which the committee felt disposed to bring
before the House to let thein pass upon it.
The committee recognize the fact, and believe
in the doctrine of restoration—yes, sir, they are
restorationists, and they look forward and will hail
with delight the glorious day when the restoration
of representation in the several districts shall be
consummated. [A Voice. Latter day saints.]
" Latter day saints," my friend says. Better be
latter day saints than nosaiotsatall. [Laughter.]
All that the committee desire is, that the House
shall say when that state of things, all things con-
sidered, shall have been so nearly appioached as
that it shall be safe and proper to admit as a Rep-
resentative upon thi&iloor, from the firnst district
of Virginia, or from any other disuiet shuandas
that district is, a man who has nceived but little
more than one half of one eighth of the votes of
the whole district, and that, too, under circum-
stances such that the committee was not clear to
say thai the otheis could be said, in law or in tact,
to have been free, or had the opportunity to vote
if they had seen fit. If, out of all the voters of a
distiict, one half or one sixteenth of them chose
to go to the polls and elect a representative and
the others chose to stay away, it has been the
doctrine of the committee, and of the House, in
adopting their repoits, to say that they had the
ri^ht to select the Repifscntatives. And we say
so here. If the House can see their way clear to
say that such is the fact m this case, they ought
to admit this man to represent the first district of
Virginia; but if they cannot, they ought not to
admit htm.
The committee have instructed me to
sort of a statement of the facts of the case to tue
House, and to leave it to their decision. I will
