1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
say that, so far as forrnsare concerned,itappears
that the forms of law were complied with, up to
the time of the eicction, but that after that, from
the nature of the case—all the rest of the district
being under the martial law of the rebels—it was
impossible to comply with the forms. Such is
the case in reference to the ceitificate of election.
The statute requires the conductors of the election
to meet in Middlesex county, and to make a re-
turn to the Governor from t/iat place.-
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to give way that a dispatch
from General McCiellan, at Williamsburg, may
be read.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
• The dispatch was read, as follows:
Bivooac in Front or Wilijamsborg,
May 5—10, p. in.
It is clear that GeneraJ Joe Johnson is in the immediate
front of our advance, in strong force, and veiy strongly in-
trenched.
General Hancock has taken two rebel redoubts, and re-
pulsed Geneial Early's brigade by a real haul fought charge
With the bayonet j taking one colonel and one hundred and
fifty other* piisoueis; killing at least two colonels and as
many lieutenant eoloneis, and many privates. His conduct
was "brilliant in the extreme.
Qui exact loss in the attains not known, but we fear that
Genoa! Hooker has lost considerably on our left. Puson-
ers say that they intend disputing every step to Richmond.
Theie can be no question that the force of the enemy is
very large.
Mr. DAWES. Thesestirringevents which now
arrest our attention are being enacted at this mo-
ment in the district which this claimant seeks to
represent. How far a few days will work such a
change in this district as that the House shall see
more clearly 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I wish to interrupt the
gentleman by a single word.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was pained during the
first part of this session, and I might say during
the whole of it, by whispers of combinations,
with a view to disturb the position of General
McCiellan. I know him not personally, but 1
have great confidence in him by the representa-
tions which I have had from sources which satis-
fied me; and I rise now more to appeal to those
gentlemen, who have been disposed to find fault
with his conduct and seeking it is removal, to ccase
their fault-finding. I rise to pass no compliment
or encomium upon that general. He needs no
praise from me, because 1 cannot do him justice.
I hope we shall hear no more whispers about
General McCiellan being removed from his com-
mand. The labor of organizing un army of seven
hundred thousand volunteers, in the putting of
them in the fit-Id, drilled and disciplined as regu-
lars, has been a herculean task, and I am per-
suaded that no man could do more.
Mr. DAWES. 1 was saying that we are in-
formed every hour that events of the most import-
ant character are transpiring in this district; and
all of us have an abiding Yaith that each hour
brings tlus district neaier to a glorious deliver-
ance from the thralldom of these rebels, and the
Union voters of each and every county in it neai er
to that position where they can exercise the elect-
ive franchise, with none to hinder. Whether that
should have anything to do with our judgment
upon this ease, as it now presents itself, is for the
House, and not for me, to determine.
It is the desire of the committee which I repre-
sent upon this occasion, that just at the moment
when this district and every other can come so
near that deliverance that the House can say in
good faith and fairly that he who presents him-
self at our door as a Representative, dues repre-
sent the Union sentiment of this district, he shall
be admitted hero to do it.
I have stated the facts as they existed at the
time of the selection of this individual. If they
appear to this House to constitute such a state of
things as I have described, then the committee
will be sustained. If it appears to the House that
the facts constitute such a state of things that they
cannot say that the Union voters of the district
have had an opportunity to express their opinion,
and he shall be bid to await until these great and
stirring events shall have had their consumma-
tion, then, too, the committee will have beensus-
tamed. It will be difficult for the House to pass
upon this question in any way which shall be
against the committee.
Mr. NOELL. i do not desire to discuss the
merits of this question at all. The resolution
which I propose to introduce for the action of the
House does not involve the merits of this case.
We have no case presented to the House by the
Committee of Elections. They simply content
themselves with a recital of the facts, without re-
porting any resolution upon which the House is
called to act. The case, then, now stands pre-
cisely as it did when Mr. Segar presented his
credentials to this House in the first instance. Ho
appears here with the credentials of the Governor
of Virginia, declaring him duly elected.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to state that the applicant brings here the regular
certificate of the Governor of Virginia. The polit-
ical departments, of the Government have recog-
nized F. H. Pierpont as the regular Governor of
Virginia. All the Depaitmcnta of the Govern-
ment have recognized this as the existing legal
governmentof Virginia. Bunging that certificate,
having exactly the same force as that of any other
Representative upon this floor from any State of
this Union, it is referred to the Committee of
Elections.
That constitutes prima facie evidence, and the
Committee of Elections have reported nothing
that controls that certificate.
Mr. DAWES. When this matter was referred
to the committee, there was no such certificate.
The certificate has been obtained since. In point
of fact, the ceitificate was issued before the law
authorized its issue; but I do not know that that
makes any difference.
Mr. NOELL. I am obliged to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mi\'Thomas] for stating the
matter in a better form than I could do. I was
proceeding to say that the memorialist presents
himself with a certificate from the Governor of
Virginia, and asks to be admitted to a seat, and
that we are not called upon by the action of the
Committee of Elections to go into an investiga-
tion of the merits of the case, or to go into a scru-
tiny of those acts which have been detailed by the
chairman of the Committee of Elections. We
are simply called upon to determine whether a
gentleman who presents himself here with such
credentials as have been presented by every other
member of the House shall be admitted to a scat
upon this floor. fl
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Sccretaijfc, infoimed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill of the House (No. 125) to
secure homesteads to actual settlors on the public
domain, with sundry amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
VIRGINIA ELECTION CASE—AGAIN.
Mr. NOELL. I was remarking that we are
not called upon to scrutinize these facts which
have been referred to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, but we are called upon to de-
termine whether we shall discriminate against one
gentleman, or extend that kind of courtesy to him
that we extend to all other peisons who apply
here under similar circumstances. I do not pro-
pose to test the right of Mr. Segar to a seat upon
this floor upon the meius of the case which have
been referied to by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. My proposition is, that he be now ad-
mitted to his seat and sworn in as a member of
this House, as he should have been, in my judg-
ment, in the first instance, precisely as all the rest
of the members of the House have been sworn m
upon similar credentials.
The gentleman and the House will remember
that when this case was under consideration be-
fore, under a former election, there were no writs
of election issued. It was so reported by the com-
mittee to the House, and the main point m the
objection taken to his being entitled to a seat upon
this floor was, that the Governor of the State of
Virginia had issued no writs of election, in con-
formity with that provision of the Constitution
which requites it to be done in the case of vacan-
cies. But now it is frankly admitted by the chair-
man of the committee, that all the forms and re-
quisitions of law have been complied with, and, so
far as we are permitted to look into the case as it
is now presented to us, we have no inquiry to
make in regard to those facts that go behind and
beyond that election, but we are to take the cre-
dentials which the applicant has presented here
for our consideration, and determine upon those
credentials whether he has a prima facie case upon
which he should be admitted to a scat upon this
floor.
As I remarked, I do not propose to discuss the
question raised in regard to the position of a por-
tion of the territory in this district; but I would
ask the attention of the gentleman to this condi-
tion of things: suppose that his idea should be
carried out, what kind of position would this
Congress be in to-day? If a fraction of a con-
gressional district has not the power and capacity
to elect a Representative upon this floor, has a
fraction of the Congress of the United States power
to make laws? Has a fraction of this Confeder-
acy a right to elect a President of the United States?
If this thing of fractions is to be excluded in de-
termining whether an individual holds public office
by virtue of an election held in a congressional
district, or throughout the nation, I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts by what condition of
things do we find ourselves now surrounded ? Sir,
if a presidential election was to take place to-mor-
row there are nine or ten States of this Union in
which no election could be held. It matters not
that these men are rebels, and that they have made
war upon this Government. The principle ap-
pealed to by the gentleman from Massachusetts
applies with equalforce to States in a presidential
election as to counties in a congressional election.
Sir, we have got to go back to that first element-
ary principle m all free republican governments,
that the majority of the people who have the abil-
ity to get to the polls and vote at an election, who
are loyal to the Government and exercise the elect-
ive franchise, must determine that election. So
long as States remain in the Union as members
of the Confederacy, we are obliged, by the prin-
ciples involved in our Constitution, to treat them
in that form.
But, sir, I do not propose to discuss that ques-
tion. <v Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.''
I do not ask any gentleman upon this floor to
commit himself upon that question. We have
enough of troubles on our hands now, without
anticipating others. I only ask that Mr. Segar,
who is the colleague of gentlemen who have been
admitted to seats upon this floor under similar
circumstances, and under the provisional govern-
ment of Virginia, which has been recognized by
every Department of the Federal Government,
shall be treated as those gentlemen have hereto-
fore been treated—admitted to a seat upon this
floor; and if the House, in its wisdom, thinks it
woi th while to enter into a future investigation of
the merits of his case, it can be done. 1 will not
detain the House longer, and I do not suppose
any gentleman is disposed to discuss the question
at length. I offer the followingas an amendment
to the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections:
Resolved, That Joseph Segar bo admitted to a seat in this
Hon«e as a Representative <iom the first concessional dis-
tuet of Virginia, and that he be now sworn in as such.
As I understand that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not desire to be heard further upon
this question, I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 47; as follows:
YCAS—Messrs. Aldtieh, Allen. Ancona, Babbitt, Joseph
Daily, Biddle, France P. Blair, Jacob R Clan, Bhike,
William G. Biovvn, Calvcif, Clements, Colfax, Corning,
Co\, Ciaven®, Crlsfield, CiiUetuien, Delaplaiue, Diven,
Ihuil.ip, Dunn, English. i-Vh<<r, Goodsvin. Cinder, Guiloy,
Uaight, IJaidmg, li.imson, Hnlnian, Hoi ton, Johnson, Kill-
mgei, Lau-ii's, Law, L<jary, Lehman, MeKtught, Me-
Phoison, Malloiy, Mawuiid, Menzie-, Moorhead. Moms,
Nixon, Noble, Noeli, Olm, Pendleton, Pony, Timothy G.
Phelps, Porter. Pncc, Alexandei II. Rice, Richaidson, Rid-
dle. James S. Rollins, Sargent, Shollabarger, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Fianois  Thotntw, Train, Voorheea, Wad-worth,
Wallace, Ward, Webster, Whaley, Wieklifle. and Wood-
luff—71.
NAY8—MehbivS. Alley, A-hley, Baker, Bearnan, Bing-
ham, Bnffinton, Campbell, Chambeilin, Claik, Frederick
A. Cotikiing, Roscoe Conkiing, Cutler, Davis, Dawe-. Ed-
ge! ton, Eliot, Fenton, Fos>enden, Gooch, Ilauehett,Hutch-
ill's. Julian, Kcllcy, Knapp, Loonns, Ijovejov, Anson P.
Morull, Ju-stin S. Moriill, Pike, John H. Rice. Robinson,
Sedgwick, Shank-, Slicfheld, John B. Steele. William G.
Steele, Tumble, Tiowbudge, Van lioin, Veirec. Charles
W. Walton, Washbuine, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wil-
son, Wmdorn, and Worcestei—47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
