1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
victed of disloyalty. "While I am very willing that
Senators should have an opportunity to extend
this prosecution or investigation as far as they
choose, I hope I shall be relieved from further duty
in respect to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I can see no good object
ov purpose to be subserved in having this question
further before the Senate at this session. The
Senator holds under an appointment from the Gov-
ernor of Oregon. The legislature of the State of
Oregon meets in September next, I believe. The
affidavits brought to bear on this subject have been
before the committee; they have been discussed
here; and no further inquiry can be instituted that
will amount to anything without sending to the
State of Oregon. There is no probability of any
effort being made to bring such testimony, cer-
tainly not to bring witnesses here. I can see no
purpose in talking about a farther investigation,
and I am of the opinion that this whole matter
might as well be disposed of at once. I am alto-
gether satisfied with the fact that the Senator from
Oregon has chosen to bring this matter up, placing
himself at least in the right position; but as a Sen-
ator, I do not choose to be troubled with it any
further, particularly as it can lead to no good re-
sults. I move, therefore, to lay the whole sub-
ject-matter upon the table.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, as the yeas and
nays are called for upon this motion to lay upon
upon the table 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is not
debatable.
Th^ question being taken, resulted—yeas 7,
nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Hale, McDougall, Ncsmlth,
Pearce, Powell, and Stiulsbury—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Divon, Dooliule, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter. Grimes, Harlan, Hanis, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Morrill, Pomo-
roy, Klce, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Evck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, WUley, and Wilson of Massachusetts—30.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. DIXON. So far, sir, from having been
influenced in the vote which I have given on this
subject, if I may allude to it, or m any remarks I
have made, by any personal feeling against the
Senator from Oregon, I may say that my fooling
has bi-cn of quite a contrary character. 1 sup-
pose, however, it is not necessary for me to dis-
claim any personal fooling on this subject. I said
in the ouusct of the discussion that, so far as I was
in any way influenced jn that respect, it was in
favor of that Senator. Certairfly his bearing has
been such as to prepossess us all; and there was
another reason why I could have no personal feel-
ing against him, and that was that he is a native
of the State which I represent; I should have been
glad for that reason to be able to record a vote in
favor of his loyalty.
Mr. FOSTER. My colleague will permit me to
say that he is mistaken as regards the nativity of
the Senator. He lived a long time in our State;
but he is not a native of it.
Mr. DIXON. I was informed by the Senator
himself, as I understood him, that he was a na-
tive of Connecticut. 1 may have misunderstood-
him. He certainly informed me that he had re-
sided in that State, and perhaps I inferred that he
was born there.
Let it be remembered that the testimony which
was presented by the Committee on the Judiciary
was uncontradicted. It represented that the Sen-
ator from Oregon had declared that " the southern
confederacy was the only legal government; that
the Government of the United States was broken
up; that Jefferson Davis was lighting in a good
cause,and it would be impossible to defeat him."
That testimony, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts has said, was uncontradicted. No denial of
its material correctness was offered by the Sen-
ator. As the record stands, therefore, the opin-
ions alleged tohavebcen announced by him were
his acknowledged uncontradicted opinions.
Now, I desire to say that it seems to me that
the vote which has been given by the Senate on
this su bject is a disastrous vote. I brinjr no charges
against any Senator. The Senate have taken the
ground, as I believe, and I think this ought to
be announced to the country, that any person,
whether sustaining the rebellion or himself par-
ticipating in it, may be admitted here; and that
even Jefferson Davis, or Robert Toombs, or any
other of those Senators wjio left us one year ago,
may be returned to the Senate and occupy a seat
here, and that this cannot be prevented by a vote
of a majority of this body.
Every Senator, with one exception, upon this
side of the Chamber has placed his vote on that
directground. TheSenatorfromOhio [Mr. Sher-
man] said that he believed the Senator from Ore-
gon was disloyal, but could not be reached at this
time by a majority vote—that expulsion by a two-
thirds vote was the only remedy. The Senator
from Illinois who sits furthest from me [Mr.
Browning] took the same ground. The Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] in his able speech,
took the ground that we had no jurisdiction of
this, question at this time. Every Senator except
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] took
the position that the Senate could not now act
upon the question. The Senator from New York,
[Mr. Harris,] in his able speech, assumed and
defended that position. It was argued by all these
Senators, that, no matter what were the opin-
ions of the claimant, no matter what the amount
of disloyalty which might be charged and proved
against him, he could not be prevented from taking
his seat at this stage of the proceedings, butmust
be reached by a two-thirds vote on a resolution
of expulsion. The resolution to admit the Senator
from Oregon was carried by the votes of Senators
who declared that opinion, for the Senator from
Maine was the only Senator who voted for the
resolution who said that was not his belief, and
without these votes the resolution could not have
been carried. Now, if the doctrine sustained by
the vote of the Senate is correct, I desire to ask
what is to prevent twenty-one Senators—I think
there were at any rate that number of Senators
who left this Chamber one year ago, insulting the
people and the Senate of the United States with
their open, avowed declaration of treason—what
is to prevent their walking in to-day, with new
credentials, and taking their seats as Senators of
the United States, and then, uttering again their
insolent defiance, saying to us, " you cannot pre-
vent our entrance, and when we have entered you
have not the power, you have not the numbers,
to expel us. It cannot be prevented if this vote
is to be a precedent. That, I think, is the posi-
tion we now occupy, and therefore I take the oc-
casion also, with the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
to express my regret that the Senate have come
to this conclusion.
I impute no motives, I bring no charges; but
without saying a single word upon the question
of fact as to the loyalty or disloyalty of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, I do say that the vote which
has been recorded upon the question of his ad-
mission , with the reasons rendered in its support,
in my judgment, is one of the most disastrous
votes that has been given since I have been a
member of this body.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, but for the
remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Senator from Connecticut, I certainly should
not have ventured a word upon this occasion. The
Senatorfrom Massachusetts expressed agreatdeal
of concern on account of the great responsibility
that the Scnatois who have voted to admit the
Senator from Oregon to take his seat upon the
floor yesterday, have incurred. It will be time
enough for him to come to my relief from any
responsibility which I have incurred by that vote,
or which I shall incur by any other vote, when I
ask his services. I am as willing as that Senator
to meet the responsibility of that vote and every
other vote that I give, as willing as he can be, and
I reflect now with as much satisfaction upon the
vote I gave yesteiday as upon any vote I have ever
given in this Chamber, and I have no fear that the
hour will ever come when I shall have one single
regret for my course in this case. I do not think
it is becoming in him to expend so much of his
sympathy for the benefit of his brother Senators,
who occupy as independent a position upon this
floor, I apprehend, as he does; who are as much
at liberty to form their opinions for themselves,
and control their actions for themselves, as he is;
and who are responsible to those who sent them
here, and not to him, I do not think it very be-
coming that he should undertake to lecture us for
the sentiments we have uttered, or the vote we
have given, and deplore our miserable condition
before the nation.
The Senator from Connecticut undertakes to
state the ground upon which I based my action
yesterday. I prefer always to state the grounds
for myself. In doing so, he attributes to me the
expression of an opinion of the disloyalty of the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. DIXON. I beg pardon. I did not intend
to refer to the Senator from Illin'ois. In making
that statement, I referred to the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. BROWNING. I of course accept the ex-
planation ; but I desire to say in connection with it,
that I expressed no opinion whatever either of the
loyalty or disloyalty of the Senator from Oregon,
because, in my judgment, it was a question not
before us, and it was not proper to be discussed,
and not proper to be acted upon. The ground
upon which 1 based my action was simply this—
and I understood it to be the ground on which all
those who voted as I did based their action—that,
under the Constitution of the United States, any
person who is thirty years of age, who has been
nine years a citizen of the United States, and who
at the time of his election is a resident of the State
for which he is elected, and who has been elected
or appointed, and has accepted the appointment,
is a Senator of the United States, in advance even
of taking the oath of office. That was the posi-
tion I assumed yesterday, and, so far as I know,
no one controverted it. I heard no Senator ex-
press his dissent from the position, that when a
person is duly elected a Senator of the United
States, if he possesses the qualifications of thirty
years of age, of having bfeen nine years a citizen
of the United States, and of being a citizen of the
State for which he was elected, and has accepted
the office, he is then a Senator of the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
did not hear me, of course. I did deny that he
was a Senator, and I think there were nineteen
other Senators on this side of the Chamber who
denied it.
Mr. BROWNING. It may be that my col-
league did, but I have heard no one 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I considered him no more
a Senator to be expelled, and at the time when I
was asked the question if you could expel a man
before he was here, I illustrated it by saying that
you could no more do it than you could pour
water from a bottle before any was put in.
Mr. BROWNING. Will my colleague permit
me to ask him if a person thus situated holds any
official character, and if he does, what that official
character is? I hear no response.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator wish me
to reply ?
Mr. BROWNING. I do, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He certainly holds no
office. For some purposes he may have a sort <?f
quasi official character, but not as a Senator to be
expelled- I think, under the Constitution, after
he is elected, he is so much a Senator that he can-
not be arrested for a debt on Ins way to the cap-
ital. There are certain sorts of privileges, per-
haps, connectcd with it; but we settled, if we
settled anything, the other day in the case, of the
Senator from Kansas, that he was not a Senator
until he qualified and was admitted to his seat;
and that his being a biigadiergeneral,after he had
been elected to the Senate, andgiving up the office
before he qualified as a Senator, did not interfere
with his right to be a Senator. I know many
Senators on that occasion placed their votes on
that ground. I do not know that my colleague
did; he may have had other reasons. But it has
been settled repeatedly in the other House that a
person elected to the House may hold any office
under the United States after his election and up
to the time of his qualification, and it is no inter-
ference with that pro\&sion of the Constitution
which declares that a member of Congress shall
not hold any other office of honor, profit, or trust
under the Government. He may hold that office
up to the very moment that he qualifies as a mem-
ber, and his holding it after he has been elected
has never been held to disqualify him, but right
the reverse, over and over again.
| Mr. BROWNING. In the case of the Senator
i from Kansas,the only question that I understood
i to be at all material was, not whether he was a
I Senator of the United States—for that was con-
