1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
coded by everybody—but whether, after he be-
came a Senator of the United States he had or had
not accepted another office incompatible with it.
That was the question in regard to the Senator
from Kansas. There was not a single point of
resemblance between his case and the one under
consideration now.
Furthermore, my colleague states that an elec-
tion by a State Legislature of a person who is thirty
years of age, who has been nine years a citizen of
the United States, and who is at the time a citizen
of the State for which he is elected, does not con-
stitute him a Senator of the United States. Now,
sir, I should like to know what does make a Sen-
ator of the United States? The Constitution says:
<( The Senate of tiie United States shall he composed of
two Senator from each State, chosen by the Legislatuio
thereof for eix years."
What makes a Senator? Does the Senate elect
him? According to the theory of my colleague,
I apprehend no man can be a Senator, whatever
a State Legislature or a State Governor may do,
or whatever his qualifications may be, without his
nomination by a State Legislature or a Governor,
(for it is a mere nomination on that theory,) being
ratified and confirmed by this Senate. Oris it the
admmistiation of the oath that constitutes him a
Senator? The Constitution says he shall become
a Senator by the election of the Legislature or the
appointment of the Governor. My colleague says
he shall not be a Senator by an election of the Le-
gislature, notwithstanding he possesses the qual-
ifications, but that he must be reelected by the
Senate to clothe him with that character, and have
the oath administered to him before he takes upon
himself the character of Senator. I know he must
have the oath administered before he enters on the
discharge of the functions of a Senator, but he is
a Senator in the meaning of the Constitution, and
in the meaning of the clausc of the Constitution
which provides for expulsion; he is as much a
Senator, if he possesses the qualifications, and is
elected, and has accepted, before he takes the oath
as he is afterwards.
Now, sir, the giound upon which I based my
action yesterday, and which I think was the basis
of the action of all those who voted as I did, was
this: that by what had been done independent of
us and over which we had no control and could
assunn; 110 control, the gentleman from Oregon
was a Senator of the United States; and then, how
can a Senator of the United States be deprived of
his seat upon this floor? How can you expel
him ? If you had denied the Senator from Oregon
his seat by a majority vote, it would have bedh
the expulsion of a member of this body by a ma-
jority vote, and would therefore have been in
dircctconflict with,aviolation of, the Constitution.
That is the reason why I opposed it, because when
a person has bccome a member of the Senate, lie
can be ejected from this body only by a two-thirds
vote. 1 took 110 exception to the "time at which
this inquiry was set on foot; I admitted distinctly
that it was competent for us to enter upon the in-
quiry before the oath was administered to the
Senator, and he had been admitted upon the floor.
I did not doubt the power; but I did doubt the ex-
pediency and justice of trying a man upon so
serious achargc and deoyingto him the privilege
of defense, and I therefore thought it was proper
that the oath should be administered, and the Sen-
ator admitted upon the floor, and the opportunity
of defense afforded to him, before we tried him
and condemned or acquitted him upon the charges
that were preferred against him. The constitu-
tional provision is that" each House may determ-
ine the rules of its proceedings, punish its members
for disorderly behavior,and, with the concurrence
of two thirds,expelamember." Now, sir, I regard
it as an attempt 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the
duty of the Chair at this hour to call up the un-
finished business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish this.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think this
is pretty well finished now; we have been bored
enough with it.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 will just say that I am
in favor of this resolution.
Several Senators. Let it be passed.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If Senators
are ready to vote, very well; we have had a pretty
severe infliction in those speeches.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unanimous
consent of the Senate the Chair will suspend the
special order.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I call for the special order.
There will be more speaking on this matter.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The special order
is before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone the
special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is entitled to the floor on the special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not want to
make a speech. I only wish to call up the bill;
there are others who will probably speak.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question on the
motion of the Senator from Oregon passes away
to-day, I think I may claim the indulgence of the
Senate, as I have been alluded to somewhat per-
sonally by 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question is
not now before the Senate; it has passed away.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for three minutes for a personal expla-
nation. ["No objection."!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The Senator will proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
over the way, [Mr. Browning,] who last spoke,
has criticised what 1 said to-day, and the Sena-
tor from Maine near me, [Mr. Ff.ssenden,] who
spoke first, preceded him in a similar criticism.
Thjjt two such Senators, personal friends, should
think anything that fell from me worthy of criti-
cism would lead me to suppose that I have erred.
The Senator from Illinois is cautious and grave,
and yet he felt it his duty to complain that I had
made something in the nature of an injurious im-
putation upon him. Sir, nothing could be further
from my thought. The Senator suggested that if
he had occasion for assistance or sjrmpathy from
me, he would call for it—I think something of that
land. Sir, I have known that Senator too well
during the brief period that he has been upon this
floor, not to know that he is ample able, on all
occasions, in every debate, to take care of him-
self; nor does he need aid or sympathy from any
one so humble as myself. I have never had the
presumption to offer it. I think the Senator, in
making the suggestion that he did, has done me
injustice, and attributed to me something that
never entered into my mind.
But, sir, I am not astonished that the Senator
from Illinois made the suggestion, for he followed
the lead of the Senator from Maine, whom we all
know to be prompt in debate, speaking on the spur
of the moment, always with eflect, with direct-
ness, with point—may I not add, sometimes with
fervor, with passion, not always perfectly re-
strained by the relations which he bears to other
members of this body? Sir, 1 intend nothing in-
jurious to that Sonator in the suggestion which 1
now make. My relations with lum on this floor
and elsewhere have been too intimate, my confi-
dence m him too great, and my admiration too
complete, to allow me to make any suggestion that
he could justly interpret into anything of unkind-
ncss.
But the Senate listened to what fell from his
lips. Was it perfectly kind in substance, per-
fectly kind in tone, perfectly kind in manner? I
doubt if it were. 1 think if the Senator had been
less prompt, he would have been more cautious
in what he uttered; and I think that he would not
have let fall anything, or imparted any tone to
what he said, which any friend of his on this floor
could for a moment suppose to be in the nature
of a personal affront. I do the Senator that justice.
And now, sir, what are the facts ? I stated that
this Senate, by its vote of yesterday, had assumed
a grave responsibility. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Dixon] has properly characterized
that vote as disastrous. I agree with him. The
language is not too strong. Had it occurred to
me, I would have adopted it when I spoke first.
Believing the vote to be disastrous, surely it can-
not be improper for me to add, without intending
any personal imputation upon any member of this
body, that I was not astonished that Senators re-
sponsible for this vote sought to relieve them-
selves of the responsibility? In making this re-
mark I criticise the action of the Senate. I criti-
cise no individual. Surely I make no personal i
imputation. ■
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen- j
ator allow me to ask him a question ? f
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mf\ FESSENDEN. What evidence has he
seen that any man who voted with the majority-
has sought to relieve himself of the responsibility
of that vote? The Senator says he does not won-
der that'Senators who voted with the majority
seek to relieve themselves of it. What evidence
of that has he seen ?
Mr. SUMNER. I answer the Senator. I un-
derstood that certain Senators,who voted with the
majority were anxious that an inquiry should take
place through the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What evidence has there
been of that? Nobody of the majorityhas asked
for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have heard it so stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So stated outside?
Mr. SUMNER. So stated 011 this floor—-so
stated in debate yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken. No such statement was made by any-
body here.
Mr. SUMNER. Then 1 am entirely mistaken.
Mr. BROWNING. Will the Senator allow
me a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I am in favor of a further
investigation of this matter; but I am not in favor
of it with any view to relieve myself from any
responsibility.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I accept the state-
ment of the Senator; and yet I must fall back
upon my own original statement, that it does not
astonish me that Senators who have taken the re-
sponsibility of opening this door, as I believe, to
disloyalty, should be anxious to relieve themselves
of the responsibility of such an act. There are
the papers on the table, which, if uncontradicted,
will 
Mr. HARRIS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS. Does he know of any Senator
who is thus anxious to relieve himself from any
responsibility; and if he does not, why does he
make the imputation?
Mr. SUMNER. I have understood that Sen-
ators were desirous that there should be an in-
quiry before the Judiciary Committee. If this is
not the fact, then I am entirely mistaken.
Mr. BROWNING. Does not the Senator also
understand that, while they are in favor of an
inquiry, they disclaim any motive to shield them-
selves from any responsibility?
Mr.SUMNER. i understandthattheynowdo.
Mr. BROWNING. I take pride in remember-
ing how I voted yesterday, and there is no vote I
have given that Lreflect upon with more satisfac-
tion; and I shooltl have regarded it as the most
disastrous vote that has been given in this body
since I have had the honor of being a member of
it, if the party with whom the Senator acted had
prevailed.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then the Senator
and myself differ; and I come back to my original
position, that the Senate took a great responsi-
bility by its vote yesterday, which must be a pre-
cedent of infinite importance in the history of the
country.
Mr. STARK. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him if he means to be understood as saying
that I am a disloyal man ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks me if he is
to understand me as saying that he is a disloyal
man. I have said in the course of the discussion,
more than once, that I regarded the whole ques-
tion of the loyalty of the Senator as still in issue;
but that on the testimony before the Senate un-
contradicted, I did regard him as a disloyal man.
Mr. STARK. That is certainly not a direct
answer to my question. My question is, whether
the Senator from Massachusetts desires to be un-
derstood as decfaring that I am a disloyal man, of
his own knowledge, or from any information that
he may have.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is new in the
body, and perhaps docs not know that he is ask-
inga question which is not pertinent. I have noth-
ing to go by except the testimony. I have nothing
of the Senator's life or declarations outside of the
testimony. All that testimony may be false; I
hope, for the sake of the Senator, that it is; but
on that testimony I say that he is a disloyal
man.
