1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293B
electing a Legislature, but I think not, because tlte
constitution ofthatState, which is still in force, pro-
vides that on a given day in October in every year
the electors of that State may assemble and choose
members of the Legislature. I thinkSunder that
constitution the people of that State have the power
to meet and choose a Legislature and a Governor;
and I doubt very much-whether the Senator from
Michigan would be very particular in his inquiries
as to the mode in which  t was done, provided he
believed that a very large majorityof the people
of that State had really met for that purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow me,
I should be very particular as to the quality of
persons elected. I-should never stand here in the
Senate, or in the other House of Congress, and
admit the possibility that persons elected by the
rebel voters of a rebel State, a State which had re-
pudiated and renounced its loyal Constitution and
set it aside by committing an act of secession,
could ever be constitutionally members of either
of these bodies. Ishouldneveradmitthat theGov-
ernor of a State,elected under these circumstances
could be treated as the Governor of the State under
the Constitution of the UnitedStates. There is no
use in splitting hairs about it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut is on the floor.
Mr. HALE. I thoughtthe Senatorfrom Mich-
igan addressed the Chair, and as soon as he sat
down 1 addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan obtained the floor through the
courtesy of the Senator from Connecticut, who
yielded to him.
Mr. DIXON. Now, sir, I too should be very par-
ticular,as much so as the Senator fromlVIichigan. I
would see to it that no disloyal voters had chosen a
Legislature. Butl putihecaseofloyalty. TheSen-
ator asked nie where was the State of Tennessee?
That is the question he asked, and I have been
attempting to answer it. I said that, if the people
.of Tennessee were loyal, a large portion of them,
a reasonable portion of them, so that we could in
good faith think that Massachusetts and Tennes-
see now stood in the Union on equal terms in re-
gard to loyalty, then, when those people met and
voted for their Governor and their Legislature
under the forms of their constitution—let us be
particular in inquiring into the mode of that elec-
tion, whether it was in good faith, whether the
voters were loyal and the men chosen were loyal,
if they appeared to be loyal—I should hold that
they are entitled to representation here. I think
they aj-e to-day, as much as Connecticut. I think
there is nothing that the corporate body of the
State of Tennessee has done which deprives them
of that right. Individual citizens of the State may
have deprived themselves of all rights. If they
were unanimous in it, then they may have de-
prived themselves perhaps of all rights; but I do
notsee how loyal citizens of the State are deprived
of their rights by the sins of disloyal men.
Sir, this is a question of great importance, and
it is becoming every day more and more so. If
we put down this rebellion, this question must be
discussed and decided. In this shape, I initiated
the discussion. The Senator from Massachusetts
offered a resolution which I thought unsound. I
submitted a proposition embodyingthe true doc-
trine, as I thought, and I have endeavored to ex-
plain it. I do not like to be misrepresented; I like
to be understood as I intend, if possible. The
charge of a slavish devotion to despotism is not a
very agreeable character to maintain, and I claim
that to be held up as in any way yielding to others
in u determination to suppress, overthrow, quell
by every possible means this war against the Con-
stitution is disgraceful, and therefore I am not
willing to submit to it. .
Mr. HALE. I am only going to occupya mo-
ment in reply to the Senator from Connecticut,
and it is on a persona] matter entirely. In the
many years that I have been on this floor, if there
is one thing that I have prescribed for nfiyself that
I would never do, it has been that I would never
assail any man. nor attribute dishonest motives
to him. I exceedingly regret that a Senator whose
relations with me have been so friendly as those
of the Senator from Connecticut should have be-
gun a speech vindicating himself from what he
conceived to be an unjust charge by attributing
dishonorable motives to me.
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to say that I had not
the Senator from New Hampshire in my mind at
the time. He had said nothing offensive to me,
but he said everything most agreeable and even
flattering. If he supposes that I alluded to him, I
beg to apologize to him for it. I referred to what
I thought was an offensive remark of the Senatdr
from Ohio.
Mr. HALE. What I complain of is this:
when I got up to ask the Chair a question of
order that I thought was necessary for the guid-
ance of the committee over which I preside, that
had a bill assigned to them for to-morrow morn-
ing, and when I made an inquiry of the Chair in
good faith, the Senator from Connecticut accused
meof evading theforceof hisrightupon thefloor.
What I complain of is that he in the very first
sentence of his vindication, accused me ofdishon-
esty in the question I proposed to the Chair.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jane 25, 1862.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EMANCIPATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House resolutions of the convention of
the State of Missouri relative to the resolution of
Congvessupon thesubjectofemancipation; which
were referred to the select committee on emanci-
pation, and ordered to be printed.
' WEST VIROINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the admission of West
Virginia into the Union, and for other purposes;
which way read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
TAX ON BANK CIRCULATION.
Mr.LOVEJOY asked leave to introduce thefol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, Thai tlie Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into ttlc expediency of imposing a tax
on the bank circulation of the country, and report by bill or
otheiwise.
Mr. DAWES objected.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, bill of the House No. 515,
to provide for the appointment of an Indian agent
in Colorado Territory; and bill of the House No.
521, for the relief of William B. Dodd and others.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (No. 346) for the relief of Jane
B. Evans; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
EMANCIPATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr.LOVEJOY asked leave to introduce, for
reference merely, a bill explanatory of the act en-
titled " An act for the release of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia," approved April 16, 1862.
Mr. JOHNSON objected.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The regular order of business being called for,
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 401) relating to claims for the loss and de-
struction of property belonging to loyal citizdns,
and damages done thereto by the troops of the
United States during the present rebellion; upon
which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedg-
wick] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, the subject-
matter of this bill is one of gre'at importance; the
claims arising under it will be very numerous and
very large, and it is important that this Congress
should settle upon some method by which these
claims can be properly and equitably adjusted. It
is of course impossible that we should undertake
to remunerate citizensfor losses notthe immediate
consequence of warlike operations; but there is a
class of claims, and that cjass a.very large one,
whiqh will press upon Congress for adjustment;
and it is for the purpose of fixing some method of
settling and adjusting these claims that this bill is"
introduced.
I propose to ask the attention of the House for
a few moments to an examination of the various
provisions of this bill, and to examine and see
whether this is not a prudent and safe method ot
settling these claims. The claimants who are rec-
ognized by the terms of this bill are loyal citizens
alone. The class of claims which is recognized
is specified in the third section of the bill, and I
desire to call the attention of the House to the na-
ture of that class of claims. After providing for-
"a court, to which I shall recur in a moment, the
commissioners are by the third section of the bill
given cognizance of all claims against the United
States, which shall bo presented to them by any
person who during the present rebellion has sus-
tained or may sustain damages, in four separate
classes. First, by the loss ofany property which
has been or may be taken by public authority for
the use and occupation of the Army; second, for all
property taken or impressed by public authority
for the use or subsistence of the Army during the
rebellion; third, all claims for damages by the de-
struction of any house or building while the same
is occupied as a place of military deposit for mili-
tary or naval stores, or as barracksfor the military
forces of the United States, under the authority of
an officer or agent of the United States; and fourth,
all claims for losses or damages sustained during
the rebellion by any person in consequence of the
destruction of his or her real or personal property
by troops in the service of the United States by
order of the commandant of the corps for whose
use the same is occupied, taken, or destroyed. In
other words, it provides for settling the claims of
persons who have suffered the loss of real or per-
sonal property in all cases where, under competent
authority, it has been taken for the use of the
United States or has been destroyed by order of
competentmilitary authority,oroccupied or taken
by them. It excludes, of course, all cases of pri-
vate violence or trespass where the parties can
have their remedy in the courts of the United
States or in the courts of the several States. If the
House shall think that these several classes are
too extensive and include claims which ought not
to be paid by the Government, this bill, of course,
is open to amendment and correction in these re-,
spects; but itstrikes me that unless some valid ob-
jection is made to one orthe other of these several
classes, they are proper subjects for consideration
and for remuneration by the public authorities, on
the ground th^it they are the direct consequences
of the war anil of warlike measures, and that the
burdens of the war in this particular should not
be thrown wholly upon private individuals, but
should be borne or contributed to by the Govern-
ment.
In the next place, the bill provides in the first
and second sections a tribunal to examine such
claims. It provides that there shall be a court or
commission consisting of three commissioners, to
be selected by the President of the United States,
with a solicitor, a clerk, and a marshal, and that
before those commissioners all claims of private
citizens shall be brought for examination. The
bill does not contemplate a final decision by these
commissioners; but it is rather a commission ap-
pointed with power to bring before them witnesses
and take testimony and settle the facts in regard
to the status of the claimant, his loyalty, his loss
of property, and the remCffieration to which he
shall be entitled,"and the reports of that commis-
sion are to be communicated to the Secretary of
War by them, and by him certified to Congress,
and Congress is to act upon them and confirm or
reject the findings and opinions of the commission,
as to them shall seem proper.
There are other tribunals before which these
claims could be brought. You may charge the
Supreme Court of the United States with the ex-
amination of these claims; butgentlemen will rec-
ollect that the Supreme Court of theUnited States
is already burdened with its ordinary business,
that its calendars are large and continually increas-
ing, that the judges of the circuit and district courts
of the United States are fully employed in the or-
dinary business of the respective circuits and dis-
tricts, and that it would produce that interminable
delay which is the curse of most of our courts, and
which is substantially a denial ofjustice to all who
should be driven there with these extraordinary
elaims.
