1974
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
mony in that county, they were sent for to come
down to Omaha, the capital of the Territory,and
there give the it* evidence before the district judge,
or the proper officer, whoever he was. They were
hired to come down, and were forty days^absent
from their homes. One of them was paid §100
for coming down to give this testimony, and the
other fifty dollars. I believe these were the sums
they were respectively paid. It is claimed by the
contestant that they were hired in consideration
of this $100 and this fifty dollars to give a par-
ticular kind of testimony, rather than merely to
have their expenses and time paid to come down
to Omaha to tell simple truth. The contestant
introduces testimony to show that fact, and argues
that that was the purpose of the sitting Delegate
in hiring them, or of his friends, for it is not
claimed that the sitting member himself paid them,
but that the money was paid by panics interested
in the election. The person who hired these wit-
nesses states frankly that he hired them to come
down because he could not induce them to come
that distance in the cold weather without paying
them these extra expenses. But there is nothing
against their testimony growing out of this im-
putation.
There is, however, a witness by the name of
Cox,-about whom nothing has been said by the
contestant, against whose testimony there is no
charge imputing anything against his credibility.
He stands without any reflection of any kind, and
he testifies and corroborates the whole story sworn
to by these three other witnesses; so there is one
witness to this point whose character stands un-
impeached. There is the testimony of another,
who certifies to the contrary in his official capa-
city as judge of the election; and there is the test-
imony of two others to the same fact, who were
hired to come down from the extreme part of the
Tenitory to give their testimony.
The contestant has borrowed an affidavit and
offered it before the committee; he has borrowed
it from another gentleman, who took it in another
case, without any notice, of course, to the sitting
Delegate. He borrowed it of a gentleman in Da-
kota Territory, "who (ook it in a legal matter, I
believe, which he was investigating in a court con-
cerning matters in L'eau-qui-court county, or the
northern precinct of that county. Having used
the affidavit for his? own purpose, he was kind
enough to lend it to the contestant in this case,
and the contestant offered it to the committee. I
think the affidavit is from the man who hired these
witnesses to come down to Omaha City to testify,
lie does not say he paid them the money to come
down and testify one way or the other, but he
gave it to them to come down and testify.
Another affidavit that gentleman was kind
enough to lend the contestant is of another person
who testifies that he asked these men beforehand
what they would testify; that they stated they
would testify so and so, and then they were hired
to go down to Omaha. There arc affidavits taken
in another case, with which neither of the parties
to the ease now before the House had anything
to do, of which neither party had notice, and in
reference to which neitherparty was present to put
questions to the witness. The committee,although
tiiey admitted, as instructed by the House, all the
evidence presented without regard to the notice of
contest, where both parties were present to put
cro.ss-interrogatorics, yetfeltthemselves bound to
exclude the nffiduv its borrowed from a third party
not taken in the pi esonee of or with the knowledge
of either parly to this contest. If they had been
admitted, they amount to simply this: one of them
sets forth distinctly that before these parties were
hired to go down to Omaha, the party hiring them
made inquh y of them how they would testify, and
they declared that they would testify so and so,
as they subsequently did testify. The other is
an affidavit taken, 1 have no doubt, in Dakota
Territory for the purpose of showing that these
partus were hired to go down there and testify;
but i submit that neither affidavit pretends to
show that they were hired to go there to testify
in a particular way. That is all that is produced
by the contestant to meet the testimony of these
tour witnesses, the character of one of whom is
unimpcached and unimpeachable, that the men
who pretended to vote in this precinct came from
the f mr quarters of the globe, almost; that there
were but two residents of L'eau-qui-courtcounty
who voted at that precinct on that occasion, and
that for the 122 votes cast for the contestant at this
precinct there were not present more than 25 to 40
to do the voting.
But there is another piece of testimony more
decisive and controlling than this. There were
77 votes cast,at the old established precinct ot
L'eau-qui-court county about which there is no
dispute. They are admitted by both parties to be
honest votes. But the census of the county—the
United States census—taken that very summer,
closed up the 1st day of November, while this
vote was taken in October, discloses that all the
inhabitants of the county—men, women, and
children, all told—were only one hundred fifty-
two. Now add the 77 lawful votes cast to the 122
votes claimed by the contestant to have been law-
fully cast at the northern precinct, and you have
199 votes cast in a county in which the census
shows there were, all told, but one hundred and
fifty-two men, women, and children. So that there
were 43 votes more cast than there were inhabit-
ants in the county.
The committee, under these circumstances,
could not doubt that something was the matter—
that the ratio between the number of inhabitants
and the number of voters had had a wonderfully
strange twist. This ratio has been a matter ot
much discussion. Sometimes it has been placed
at one voter to three inhabitants, sometimes one
to four, and sometimes one to five, changing in
the different States; but it never came to my rec-
ollection before that there could be four voters to
one inhabitant. [Laughter.] I think, therefore,
taking the testimony altogether, there can be no
doubt that this precinct must have been what it
is charged with being—one gotten up altogether
for the occasion.
I am sorry to say that I see there the name of a
gentleman who figures on the rolls of this House. I
wish that he had given his deposition in this case.
I wish that during all the time that passed after
the session of July last there had been a notice on
the part of Mr. Morton, so that he could have
had an opportunity to have told his story. True,
after the testimony was all in, after it was too late
to take testimony on one side or the other, an
ofFor was made to produce this man before the
committee to testify. It was objected by the sit-
ting Delegate that to take his testimony at this late
day, when the hearing had commenced, affording
him no opportunity of taking rebutting testimony,
would not be fair or just. The committee, there-
fore, were of the opinion that the 122 votes cast
at the northern precinct of L'eau-qui-court county
should be rejected.
Next comes the Monroe precinct of Platte
county. It is urged on the part of the sitting mem-
ber that of the persons who voted in the Monroe
precinct, in the county of Platte, five were not res-
idents of the last-mentioned precinct, or county,
and the rest were inhabitants and then residents
of the Pawnee Indian reservation. The testi-
mony on this point is set forth in full in the report,
and 1 h&ve not time now to repeat it. I ask the
members of the House to read itand satisfy them-
selves. There is no conflict touching it. There
is nothing said on the part of the contestant to
qualify it. It is the testimony of Charles H. Wha-
ley, then a resident of the precinct, and who had
been a representative in the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory. 1 have heaid nothing against his reliabil-
ity, and I have nothing, therefore, to say on the
subject until it is questioned. He supports the
allegation of the sitting member. It appears from
his testimony that neaily all of these voters were
at the time residents upon the Pawnee Indian res-
ervation, and that when challenged, they took the
oath with the condition attached—provided the
Pawnee Indian reservation was considered a part
of Platte county. The statutes of Nebraska re-
quire, as the qualification of a voter, that he shall
reside in the Territory forty days, in the county
twenty days next preceding the election, and at
the. precinct in which he votes at the time of the
election. This man testifies that the parties re-
sided on the Pawnee Indian reservation. It is
shown that the Pawnee Indian reservation is not
within the Monroe precinct, and it therefore fol-
lows, as a matter of course, that these men had no
right to vote at that precinct. As I have said, the
statutes of Nebraska declared that the voter should
vote in the precinct where he resided at the time,
which is a very proper provision, for if it were
otherwise, a man might vote in as many precincts
as he could travel through during the day of elec-
tion. Now, whether that provision of the statute
should be held strictly a requisite on this occasion
or not, there is another provision which is fatal to
this vote, and that is this: the act of Congress or-
ganizing the Territory of Nebraska, in the first
section says:
"Provided, further, That nothing in this act contained
shall be construed to impair the rights of person or property
now pertaining to the Indians in said Territory so long as
such rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty between
the United States and such Indians, or to include any Ter-
ritory which, by treaty with any Indian tiihe, is not, with-
out the consent of said tribe, to be included within the ter-
ritorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory; but
ail such territory shall be cxccpted out of the boundaries,
and constitute no part of the Territory of Nebraska, until
said tribe shall signify then assent to the Picsulent of the
United States to be included within said Territoiy of Ne-
braska."
It was not claimcd before the committee, nor do
the committee understand it to be true in fact, that
the Pawnees have ever made any such stipulation
in their treaty as is here mentioned, or that they
have ever signified their assent to the President of
the United States to have their^ reserves included
within the boundaries or constitute a part of the
Territory of Nebraska. Itfollows, therefore, that
persons residing upon this reserve are residents
upon no part of the Territory of Nebraska, and
are not entitled to vote therein. They have just
as much right to vote in Nebraska as they have
to vote in Kansas, or in any other State. It is
not claimed by anybody that these parties did not
reside on the Pawnee reservation. It is only
claimed on the part of the contestant that they
had the right to vote, because it had been custom-
ary to let them vote; but he does not dispute the
fact that the testimony shows it most conclusively
to be true that they actually voted, although they
resided upon the Pawnee Indian reservation. I
state that that Pawnee reservation is as much a
part of Nebraska as it is a part of Massachusetts,
and no more, and that I would have as much right
to vote on the election of a Delegate to Congress
from Nebraska as anybody who lived upon that
reservation. That, sir, disposes of the votes in
this precinct.
The next is the case of Buffalo county, where
39 votes were polled for the contestant.^ It is set
forth in the specification of the contestant challeng-
ing this vote, that the county of Buffalo had never
been organized, and that therefore there could be
no precinct there at which to hold an election. It
is provided by the Legislature of theTerritory of
Nebraska—
u That whenever the citizens of any unorganized county
desire to have the same oi^avized, they may make appli-
cation by petition, in wiiting. signed by a majority of the
legal voters of said county, to the jud^e of probate of the
county to which «.uch unoigamzed county is attached;
whereupon said judge of probate shall Older an election for
county officers m such unojganized county."
This claim on the part of the sitting member,
that this was an unorganized county, and that
nobody could legally vote there, was made pre-
cisely m the same form during the last Congress.
Certain men voted in the election for a Delegate to
Congress from Nebraska, while residing in Buf-
falo county, and it was alleged then, as it is alleged
now, that this was an unorganized county, and
that those votes should be thrown out. The
parties took the testimony of the Governor, and
recited at full length the laws in relation to the
organization of counties in Nebraska, and it was
agreed that the testimony then taken should be
held to apply to this case. The testimony of
Samuel W. Slack, Governor of Nebraska Terri-
tory, and of others, on this point, was laid before
the Committee of Elections at the last Congress,
and that committee reported (which report was
adopted by this House) that this was an unor-
ganized county; and, therefore, that as a prece-
dent in favor of the decision by the House at this
time, that the county of Buffalo is an unorganized
county, and that the votes cast there ought to be
thrown out. If gentlemen will look at the evi-
dence they cannot entertain a doubt that that was
a correct conclusion, and that this is an unorgan-
ized county. The officers obtained their com-
missions by recommendations of a meeting got up
and attended by a half dozen, or such a matter,
of their friends. The proceedings of the meeting
were signed by the president and secretary and
forwarded to the Governor, who, upon the strength
of it, commissioned the officers so chosen; al*
though there is no law authorizing him to issu<*
