1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
commissions to county officers. It was on that
ground that the committee, at the last session of
Congress, reported that this was an unorganized
county, and the House, by adopting the report of
the committee, declared that, it was right in its
decision on that point
The sitting member challenges 20 votes in the
Rulo precinct, for the reason, mainly, that they
were non-residents of the precinct, f have al-
ready recited the law which requires that the
voters should be residents of the precinct at the
time. It appears from the evidence of Dundy,
an attorney, and afterwards a member of the Le-
gislature, which position seems to sanctify every-
thing, that he was a resident of Rulo prccmct,and
that 24 non-residents of Rulo precinct, and 5 half-
breed Indiansvoted at that procmct. He gives the
names of29 non-residents of the precinct who voted
On that occasion. Five are half-breed Indians, and
notcntitled tovoteatall. That left24 testified by
him to be non-residents, and he gives their names
and the places where they resided. In answer to
this, as in support of the vote cast in L'eau-qui-
court county, nothing is brought to show that
they were residents of the precinct. When they
came up to the polls they took the oath prescribed
by the statute, that they were entitled to vote and
that they were residents of the district, but they
were permitted by the judges to insert a proviso
to the* effect that if the place where they resided
was within the precinct, &c. They interpolated
that into the oath to save the consciences of these
men; so that they swore that they were entitled
to vote and were residents of that precinct, pro-
vided the Pawnee reservation was within that pre-
cinct. Now, the statute shows that the Pawnee
reservation was not in that precinct-, and if it was,
another statute shows that it was outside of the
Territory.
I say that 29 of them voted. It is not certain
how all of them voted; but as Mr. Daily got but9
votes at that precinct, it is certain that 20 of them
must have voted for Morton. Thus Morton getting
a large vote there, and Daily getting but 9, it is cer-
tain 20 of them were counted for Morton, and there-
fore the committee rejected 20 votes. In answer to
those votes there was not the evidence of a solitary
man of all those who knew best; butthey made an
attack upon Dundy, and some twenty witnesses
were introduced to impeach his character. Seven,
my friend near me suggests I should have said, i
beg pardon for the mistake. Seven witnesses were
introduced to impeach the character of Dundy. I
understand Dundy is from the district of one of
the members of the committee, and I trust the gen-
tleman is not prejudiced in his favor for that rea-
son. But where* did these witnesses come from ?
Not one of them from the town where Dundy re-
sided; but all from an adjoining town, which had
a bitter feud with this town in which Dundy
resided. And in support of Dundy's character
twenty neighbors of his—there is where I got my
idea of twenty witnesses before—testified that his
character for truth and veracity was good, the
seven from the adjoining town swearing to the
contrary. If it had been so very bad, and the wit-
nesses had sworn to a lie, the committee were of
opinion that it would have been an easy thing to
show by the neighbors of this man, for profound
peace reigned in Nebraska, and it would have
been the most natural thing to have brought at
least one of those witnesses from his own town
where he was best known to have sworn to that
fact. But no such witness was produced, and the
committee believed that the testimony of this man
Dundy was entitled to credit, unless something
more should be brought against it than I have
stated.
Mr. RICHARDSON". Will thegentleman from
Massachusetts permit me to make one suggestion
in reference to that point?
Mr. DAWES. Ceitainly.
Mr, RICHARDSON. In the impeachment of
a witness I do not understand that you enter into
specific acts. The inquiry is as to general char-
acter. If a witness were to attempt, in impeach-
ing another m court, to descend to specific acts,
the court would arrest him at once, as i under-
stand the law. ,
Mr. DAWES. So I understand it, too.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So I thought.
Mr. DAWES. I am always glad to agree with
my friend, but the only question is, whether a
nmn's neighbors know him better than those who
are not his neighbors; whether men in a town
which had a bitter quarrel with the town in which
another man lives are more likely to know about
his real character and to testify correctly about it
than men who live in his immediate neighbor-
hood, where the daily beauty of his life comes to
the notice and attention of every one more fully
than it does to those who live at a distance and
are full of the gangrene of prejudice? " Distance
lends enchantment to the view,5'says a gentleman
near me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the gentle-
man to moke the point that no witnesses were pro-
duced to charge that this man Dundy swore falsely.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was paying particular
attention to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. Then it is my fault, not yours.
Mr, RICHARDSON, The gentleman must
have expressed himself blindly.
Mr. DAWES. No doubt it is my fault. I
said they impeached Dundy's character for truth
and vcracity. There are States where they put
the question directly to the witness whether they
would believe the man under oath. I do not live
under that sunshine, but I believe in Nebraska
they do put that question to the witness, and seven
men of a town at war with that in which Dundy
lived, swore that they would not believe him.
They called his town an abolition hole, a place
filled with abolitionists and negro thieves. The
other town, I believe, by way of offset, was called
a loco-foco hole.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Those men, of whom
I do not propose to give any testimony here—I
had the misfortune to be Governor of Nebraska
once 
Mr. DAWES. Yourlosswas their gain.
Mr. RICHARDSON. A very poor one though,
I have no doubt. You will find that in the legis-
lative proceedings of that Territory the President
of the Council read this Mr. Dundy a lecture for
accepting a bribe.
Mr. DAWES. I am not going to forget that;
and I want my friend from Illinois, before I come
to it, to read that matter over again, for it has been
so long since he read it that he has forgotten a part
of it, and the real fact, too.
I was saying that it was the easiest of all things,
by positive and good testimony, to prove the resi-
dence of these voters; yet this contestant did not
think it worth while to produce a single witness,
but contented himself with bringing up seven men
from a distance to swear that they would not be-
lieve Dundy under oath, and I guess they told the
truth, for I" y probably would not have believed
him if they knew he told the truth. And against
that testimony were brought forward twenty of his
neighbors, who swore that they would believe him
under oath. Inasmuch as no witness was brought
who should have been brought to prove that these
men did reside in that precinct—for where a man
resides he cannot hide under a bushel—that inas-
much as the contestant contented himself with
going off to another place and getting those seven
men who swore as to their opinions, and twenty
men were brought to swear exactly the opposite,
the committee thought the evidence itself was fair
and ought to be allowed.
It is complained, in reference to the testimony
of these twenty men, that their testimony was
taken after the sixty days had expired, as pre-
scribed under the statute. But it will be recollected
that the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] was intended
to provide for just such a case, and that the com-
mittee should hear the testimony in regard to that
limitation, because without that the whole of the
testimony of the contestant was out of the case.
It was not the testimony of affidavits like that
which the contestant desired to introduce, but the
depositions of witnesses taken after due notice,
which the House directed that the committee
should hear without regard to the limitation of
time. The committee would have violated their
instructions, as well as have violated all justice,
if they had nor admitted it.
Mr. DAILY. As the statement of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] will go out
with this case and be read by the people, I desire
to correct a statement which he made. The gen-
tleman is mistaken when he says that the Presi-
dent of the Council read a lecture to this man
Dundy.
The charge was made that bribes had been of-
fered, and Mr. Dundy, among others, proposed
to raise a committee to inquire into that charge;
and he said at the time that he himself had been
offered a watch. When the committee was raised,
it called upon him to-testify who offered him the
watch, and he refused to give the testimony, and
the Council reprimanded him for not giving^ the.
testimony. That is tho true state of the case.
Let mo say, further, that Mr. Dundy testifies that
the proceedings of that Legislative Council are in-
accurate; that they have been altered so that they
do not show what actually occurred, and that Mr.
Morton was then the secretary of the Council and
had charge of the proceedings.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have a distinct, vivid
recollectionjjf that whole transaction. No time
will be able to obliterate it from my memory. L_
found these men seeking by bribery to pass through
tho Legislature a bill to charter a bank founded
upon public lands. I caused the district attorney
to commence proceedings against them, intending
to pursue them. This man Dundy agreed that
he would go and testify to everything that had
occurred. He said that he had been offered the
bribe of a gold watch. He refused to disclose
who had offered it. The gentleman may be tech-
nically correct in reference to the fact that it was
because he refused to testify to the whole truth
that the lecture was read to him.
Mr. DAWES. This whole matter was before
the Committee of Elections, and the committee
supposed that what occurred in the Nebraska Le-
gislature, when neither of these parties were pres-
ent, could not be testimony to be used in this case.
The gentleman from Illinois has given his version
of it. The record itself is down in the committee-
room. I stat** it from recollection, but I think this
is the true state of the facts: that Mr. Dundy was
brought before the bar of the Council for contempt
for refusing to answer the qu<stion who offered
him the bribe. He undertook to conccal the name
of the party, and that was very wrong of him.
He ought to have been confined in jail until he did
disclose it. He would have been so confined if I
had had to deal with him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to make one sin-
gle point upon the gentleman. The man that I
was satisfied offered the bribe left the Terriiory
while Mr. Dundy was before the Council, so that
process would not reach him, or I would have had
the whole matter investigated; but he was on his
winding way long before process could reach him.
Mr. DAWES.*" I do not know of any testimony
that Dundy received the bribe. Nobody pretends
that he did; but after the bribe was offered him,
and the Council instituted the proceeding, in which
be took part, to bring the party to justice, he then
refused to disclose the name of the party. That
was the statement.
There were other votes cast for the contestant
which the sitting member challenged; butthe com-
mittee were not of the opinion that they ought to
be rejected, and I shall take up no time in going
over that ground.
The contestant alleges, in answer to all this,
first, in reference to L'eau-qui-court county—-1
have already given his answer upon that point.
It is an attempt to impeach three out of the four
witnesses. He does nothing beyond that. He
then claims that in Falls City, where this Dundy
resides, theie were illegal votes cast for the sitting
Delegate. He produces a witness, whose name
is James Buchanan; his testimony is contradicted
by that of his own brother, who was one of the
judges of flection, by the clerk of the board of
election, and by his own statement,made the night
after the election,and then byat least twenty wit-
nesses, who swear that he is not to be believed
under oath, which is the way they impeach a wit-
ness in that Territory. The committee were of
the opinion that upon that testimony the votes
cast at Falls City ought not to be reject, d.
A technical objection was made by the contest-
ant to the returns from several counties, and that
was that they were not " abstracts" of the votes.
The law requires that the returning officers of the
several counties shall send abstracts of the votes
to the board of territorial canvassers. The can-
vassers of several counties sent the entire votes,
the aggregate, and the contestant says that that
was not a compliance with the statute, that they
should have sent an abstract of the votes.
Now, without stopping to inquire whether that
