1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
messengers is indefinite, and I therefore desire to
offer an amendment to it. It is to insert after the
word " watchman," in the twelfth and thirteenth
lines of the first section, the words " for the cur-
rent and next fiscal year;" so that the clause will
read:
The compensation for such additional clerks,- messen-
ger, and watchmen, for tlte curient and next fiscal year,
fclKill be paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, i desire to move another
amendment, at the end of the first section to in-
sert the following:
Estimates for compensation for such additional clerks,
messengers, and watchmen, for the next fiscal year, shall
be submitted by the Secretaiy of the Treasury with hia
annual estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments we#re concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. It. No. 208)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional
appropriations for the year ending 30th June,
1862, which had been reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance with amendments.
The Secretary read the first amendment reported
from the committee, to strike out lines fifty-eight
and fifty-nine of the bill in the clause for the con-
tingent expenses of the Senate in the following
words:
For binding documents and purchase of blank-books,
$2,500.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. With the consent
of the Senate, the Secretary will continue to read
the amendments of the committee, and the ques-
tion will be taken on such as are not objected to
together. The next amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert on
page 4, under the contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate, the following:
Foi Congressional Globe, and binding the same, ยง30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move an amend-
ment to that amendment. There was a little mis-
understanding m the committee in relation to it,
and it has since been investigated. I will move
an amendment to strike out the words reported
there as an amendment, and to insert what I send
to the Chair:
For printing the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
which are hereafter to be bound under the MiperviMon of
the Superintendent of Public Printing, accoiding to the pro-
visions, of section five of the "joint resolution in relation
to Uu: public printing," approved June 30, I860, $18,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection to the amendment as amended, the next
amendment of the committee will be read.
The Secretary read it, after line sixty-one, to
strike out the following:
To pay John C. Rives for printing five hundred copies of
the Diplomatic Cortespondence of the United States, from
1776 to 1763, for the State Department, $15,000.
The next amendment of the committee was,
after line sixty-eight, to insert the following:
For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
of the Senate tor thw Congiotional Globe lor repoitaig the
proceedings of the Senate tor the second regular session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $S00 each, #4,000.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the appropriations for contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives, to strike out, in line
one hundred and nineteen, the words "twenty-five
hundred," and to insert " eighty-nine thousand;"
so that the clause will read:
For binding documents, including the Congressional
Globe, .$'89,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee move to
amend that amendment by striking out the whole
clause entirely. It is intended to strike out both
the "twenty-five hundred" and all included within
those two lines.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the appropriation for the contingent expenses of
the oliicc of the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury,
in line three hundred and eleven, to strike out the
word " two," and iftsert " one;" and in line three
hundred and twelve, strike oyt the word ii two,"
and insert " five;" so that the clause will read:
For contingent expenses of the office, $1,500.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the appropriation for contingent expenses of the
Department of the Interior, in line three hundred
and ninety-three, after the word "dollars," to
insert the following proviso:
Provided, That the said journals and documents shall be
sent to such libraries and public institutions only as shall
signify a willingness to pay the cost of the transportation
of the same.
So that the clause will read:
For expenses of packing and distributing congressional
journals and documents, in pursuance of the provisions
contained in the joint resolution of Congress, approved 23d
January, 1857, and act5th February, 1859, ยง6,000: Provided,
That the said journals and documents shall be sent to such
libraiies and public institutions only as shall signify a will-
ingness to pay the cost of the transportation of the same.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the appropriations for the War Department, after
line five hundred and four to insert:
For compensation of additional clcrks, messengers, and
laborers in the offices of the Secretary of War, Adjutant
General, Surgeon General, Quartermaster General, Pay-
master General, Chief Engineer, Chief of Ordnance, and
Commissary General, appointed under authority of act of
January 27, 1862, $63,360.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the appropriations for the Navy Department, after
line five hundred and ninety-seven, to insert:
For compensation of additional clcrks in the office of the
Secretary of the Navy, appointed under authority of act of
the 27th of January, 1862, $4,800.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the appropriations for the United States Mint at
Philadelphia, in line six hundred and seventy-
seven to strike out44 thirty" and insert "fifty;"
so that the clause will read:
For incidental ami contingent expenses, including repairs
and wastage, $30,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an amendment
that the committee wish made, on page 30, that
may as well be acted on as we go along. It is in
line seven hundred and seven, in the appropria-
tions for the territorial government of New Mex-
ico, to strike out " fifteen" and insert " twenty,"
and also to strike out the proviso, in the following
words:
Provided, That the surplus, if any, of said appiopriation
may be used for the rcpau of the p:ilace buildings, and the
revision ot the laws of New Mexico.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That $5,000, or so much thereof as maybe ne-
ccst-aiy, shall be used to ievi e and print the laws of New
Mexico.
So that the clause will read:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative A^embly, officeis, clcrks, and contingent ex-
pends of the Assembly, ,$20,000: Provided, That $5,000,
or so much thereof as'may be necessary, shall be used to
revise and print the laws of New Mexico.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the second section of the bill in the fol-
lowing words:
Skc. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That, in addition to the
clerical and other toiceof the War Department, the follow-
ing clerks, mcssengeia, laborers, and non-commissioned
othcers be, and are hereby, authorized to be employed
therein: Provided, That when Confess shall fail to make
appiopriation for the payment of said employes, the offices
shall be deemed theieby abolished.
Office or the Seeietary of War :
Two clerks of the thud class, and two clerks of the sec-
ond class.
Ofhcc of the Quartermaster Genera!:
Two clerks of the third class, three of the second class,
five of the first class, and one messenger.
Office of the Commissary Genei.d:
One eleik of tiie third class, two of the second class, and
one lahorei.
Otfice of the Chief Engineer:
One clerk of the rirst cla;>s.
Office ot the Surgeon General:
One laborer.
Office of the Paymaster General:
Four cleiks of the second class, four of the first class, and
one messenger.
Office of Chief of Ordnance:
One clerk of the thud class, two of the second class, and
one of the fir>t elass.
Office of the AdjutantGeneial:
Three clerks ot" class three, four of class two, thirteen
of class one, and ten non commissioned officers from the
Army ; and the  uia of $70,000 is hereby appropriated for
that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That section was drawn
up before we had passed a law with reference to
these new clerks. We have since passed a law
on the subject, in which they are all provided for,
and this section is theiefore unnecessary.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the third section, after line five, to insert the fol-
lowing:
For paper and printing blanks for the Executive Depart-
ments, $30,000.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line fifteen of the samesection,to strikeout" five"
and insert " four;" so that the clause will read:
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate in the first regular
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $4,778 40.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In order to divide the
space a little better between lines twenty-four and
twenty-five of that section, I move to insert the
words:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, namely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that a separate
amendment, or an amendment to the amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose it as a separate
amendment, simply to divide the space.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection to this amendment, the next amendment
of the committee will be read.
The Secretary read it, to insert after line twenty-
four of the same section, the following:
For compensation of three messengers appointed under
authority of a resolution of the Senate of July 19, 1861,
$3,600.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section to insert, after the last amend-
ment, the following:
For binding, $20,000.
- The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after the last amendment, to in-
sert the following:
For lithographing and engraving, $30,000.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after the last amendment, to in-
sert the following:
For stationery, $12,000.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after the last amendment, to in-
sert:
For reporting proceedings, $3,000.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after the last amendment, to in-
sert:
For Congressional Globe and Appendix, at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $6,184 20.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after the last amendment, to in-
sert:
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and carryalls,
$7,000.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same scction, after the last amendment, to
insert:
For miscellaneous items. $30,000.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after the last amendment, to
insert:
For Capitol police, $1,500.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, to strike out the following clause:
For expenses of the investigating committees of the
House of Representative and the Senate, appointed at the
first session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $5,000.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, to strike out the following clause:
For compensation of the surve.yor general of Illinois and
Missouri, $2,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to except that amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be excepted.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same section, after line forty-eight, to insert:
For contingent expenses of the office of the Fourth Audi-
tor, $^00.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert at the end of the third section the following:
For compensation of additional clerks, mcssengeis, and
laborers m the offices of the Secretary of War, Adjutant.
General, Surgeon General, Quartermaster General, Pay-
master General, Chief Engineer, Chief of Ordnance, and
Commissary Gencial, appointed under authority of act of
January 27, 1862, $26,400.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the third section the following:
For compensation of two Assistant Secretanes of War,
appointed under act of January 22,18G2, one year from the
date of then appointment, $6,000.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the thiid section the following:
For compensation of additional clerks m the office of the
