1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
House than against the conduct of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. But let me say that in his
remarks to-day, as the advocate or apologist of
the action of the House in tins respect, iie has
done Mr. Morton great injustice.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to say that I have never advocated that po-
sition assumed by the House in my life, on any
occasion. I have stated, in support of the con-
clusions of the committee, that the matter referred
to them by the House to inquire, upon the merits
of the contest, which of these parties had the great-
est number of legal votes cast for him, had noth-
ing to do with the point which the gentleman pre-
sents. The committee were instructed to go to
the polls and to the returns to inquire which party
received the greatest number of legal voles, and
they addressed themselves to that duty. 1 knew
very well all along what was to come, namely, that
there would be an attempt to argue more upon the
invalidity of the certificate of the sitting Delegate
than there would be to reach the merits of the
contest by showing that a majority of votes were
cast for the contestant.
Mr. VOORHEES. Now, Mr. Speaker, there
are some old lawyers sitting round me, who have
practiced long in courts of justice in the country
where they live; I submit to them and to every
man here, whatever his profession may be, that
when a party comes into a court of justice, the
basis of his action being a deed, a note, or bond,
which is found to be illegal, fraudulent, and in-
valid, it taints and corrupts his whole case, it
vitiates it and covers it over with suspicion from
beginning to end. And that this is the case of the
sitting Delegate now does not rest upon my own
mere naked assertion. It is a maxim of law with
which the gentleman from Massachusetts is of
course familiar, and 1 have no doubt he husantici-
' pated the reply I would make upon this point,
that everything is to be construed against a party
under these circumstances, that he who vitiates
titles, destroys papers, or manufactures them, he
who corrupts or changes thorn, should have every
thing construed against him from that point on.
That is the point 1 make, and the reason I make
it is, that it is in accordance with the logical pro-
priety of things, that when the sitting Delegate
from Nebraska commences this proceeding him-
self in fraud, there is the place to commence the
discussion and make an exposure* of the fraudu-
lent credentials with which he, by some means
procured his name to be inserted on the rolls of
this House, and by virtue of which the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself declared his title to
hw seat illegal and invalid. Sir, I go with the
gentleman from Massachusetts that far, and stand
here to-day to assert not only its illegality and in-
validity, but to add to its beauty by proving that
it is fraudulent.
Why do I make that statement? I hold in my
hand the certificate brought here by the sitting
Delegate. It was befoie he committee. I would
submit it to any sworn jury of twelve men whether
it does not bear upon its face the evidence of forg-
ery. I will submit it to any fair-minded man m
the House whether it is not a forgery, not in the
name, hut a forgery in the seal. I do not ask you
to take my assertion, for I have here the evidence.
The paper bears upon itself the evidence that the
great seal of the Territory of Nebraska has been
forged and stuck on with the finger, not by the
legal stamp. The paper has not the mark of the
iron upon it, which constitutes the seal.
Now, in connection with this matter, I wish to
read an affidavit. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says, touching that pomt, and he is cer-
tainly one of the most combative and tenacious
men I ever knew, to come from his cool section
of country, and I somewhat admire him for it—
he says that the evidence I am going to read must
not be evidence before this House, because it was
taken without notice, and he is going to visit upon
Mr. Morton the penalty of a failure to give the
notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that it is not in order to call gentlemen
by name.
Mr. VOORHEES. I beg the pardon of the
Chair for the breach of parliamentary rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not intend to
find fault with the gentleman. He has been try-
ing for several days to correct a practice which
had grown up of calling members by name.
Mr. DAWES. It certainly cannot be out of
order yet to call Mr. Morton by name.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, sir, I propose now
to attend to the weightier matters of the law, and
we will fix these little side matters by and by.
Thegentleman from Massachusetts visits the con-
sequences of a failure to give notice upon the con-
testant; and I can hardly bring myself to speak
of him as the contestant; for coming here as he
did, with the only valid title to the scat, he little
expected to see the man whom he defeated recog-
nized as the sitting Delegate, and be thrown back
in the position of a contestant. I say, therefore,
that it seems a little awkward for me to speak of
him in that character. That is my apology to the
House. The gentleman from Massachusetts, I
say, regrets that the contestant had not given no-
tice. I should like to know how he was to give
notice. Was ho ever placed in the character of a
contestant before the meeting of the House in
July last? Did he not come here on that occasion
in the simplicity of his heart, supposing he had
as good a right to his seat as you or I? He was
not contesting the seat. He was giving notice to
nobody. He supposed his right to his seat was
equal to that of any other member. Yet the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts wants to visit upon
him the penalty of not giving notice of the taking
of testimony. Now, to show that no such notice
was necessary, let me read the instructions of the
House to the Committee of Elections in this case.
I commend it to the attention of the gentleman
man from Massachusetts. I read from the Globe
of the July session:
" Mr. Richardson. I offer the following resolution:
£i Resolved* That the papers in the case of the contested
election from the Torritoiy of Nebraska be reteried to the
Committee of Elections, and that they be authorized to
investigate and lepott upon the same, without regaid to
any notice, or anything of that kind."
Mr. DAWES. I bog the gentleman's pardon;
is he reading the resolution of the House instruct-
ing the committee in regard to this case?
Mr. VOORHEES. lam. That was the reso-
lution which was passed by this House; and why
was it introduced? It was because Mr. Morton
had been driven out in a sui reptitious mannerfrom
the enjoyment of a right to which no other per-
son could properly set up a claim.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman read that
resolution fiom the Journals of the House?
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 read from the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. I have here the resolution con-
taining the instructions to the Committee of Elec-
tions in this case.
Mr. VOORHEES. In what?
Mr. DAWES. In the report of the committee.
Mr. VOORHEES. Furnished by whom?
Mr. DAWES. Furnished, as 1 supposed, from
the proceedings of the House. It differs in some
words fiom what the gentleman has read. I do
not know which is right.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mi. Richardson] who is right?
Mr. RICHARDSON. U was my intention
that the resolution should be drawn in that form,
and it is my belief that the resolution was offered
and adopted just as the gentleman from Indiana
has read it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indiana
reads the resolution as having the words in it,
" without regard to notice of any kind. " The copy
1 have furnished, I have had furnished to me and to
the committee, reads simply without regard to the
notice. That is all the difference there is. I want
to ask my friend from Indiana now, while I am
upon the floor, whether he supposes that that re-
ferred to the notice in legard to taking testimony
or the notice specified in the statute relative to
contesting the seat of the sitting member.
Mr. VOORHEES. Most undoubtedly in re-
gard to taking testimony, because that was deemed
of essential importance. The changed relations
of the parties demanded—imperatively demanded
—some such saving resolution in favor of the con-
testant's rights,or hp would have had noneatall.
It refers to giving notice looking to the presenta-
tion of evidence, so that the parties would have an
opportunity to examine and cross-examine wit-
nesses, looking to the object in view of a decision
between the parties m this contest. The papers
contesting the seat of the Delegate from Nebraska
w-n-e referred to the Committeeof Elections. Why
ji was that done? It was that they should be au-
li thorized to investigate upon ail the evidence that
should be submitted to them in this case, not to'
report upon the evidence before them previously,
but upon that and ail the evidence that should be
presented to them afterwards.
Let us settle the question as we go along; and
it strikes me as a littleremarkable,and I think iC
will the House, that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections should fall into so great an
error , working such an injustice to the contestant
as this does. I can only account for it upon the
ground that the heavy labors he has undergone in
another branch of the public service- for a few
weeks past has prevented him from bestowing
upon the subject the time and attention that
merits demand. I will read from the Journal of
the House. I suppose that will be taken as higher
authority than a mutilated copy of the resolution,
which is to be found in some other document.
The Journal says:
Resolved, That the papers in the case of the contested
seat for Delegate from the Territory of Nebraska he referred
to tiie Committee of Elections, and that they be authouzed.
to Investigate and report on the same, without regard to
notice; and that all other cases of contests for seats in this
House be aiso referred to that committee for investigation
andrepoit.
Mr. DAWES, That is the resolution word for
word, as I have quoted it. - *
Mr. VOORHEES. Did the gentleman *s reso-
lution have in it the words " without regard to
notice?"
Mr. DAWES. In the resolution, as I read
it, the words were included " without regard to *
notice;" but it did not say " without regard to
notice of any kind." The gentleman read the res-
olution as including the words " without regard
to notice" or anything of that kind.
Mr. VOORHEES. That is the Globe report,
and this is the same. The Globe says that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] intro-
duced his resolution as I have read H, and that
then the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] moved to amend the resolution so that it
would include the papers m all the contested-elec-
tion cases upon the Speaker's table at that time.
Taking that amendment, with the resolution as it
was offered by the gentleman from Illinois, we
have the resolution as it now reads upon the
Journal.
Mr. DAWES. That is exactly what I have
read.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I have got the gentle-
man to agree with me again, that it was shown to
be " without regard to notice," and that strikes
down the whole of his argument here.
Mr. DAWES. Will my friend tell the House
whether he only meant a notice of contest?
Mr. VOORHEES. I have answered that ques-
tion oncc already, and I have given the reasons
why my answer is reasonable and sensible, and
why none other can be.
Mr. DAWES. Whatdoes the resolution require
us to investigate except the testimony referred to
us ?
Mr. VOORHEES. Most undoubtedly it re-
quires us to investigate the testimony furnished
before you, whether then taken or taken after-
wards, and that term " notice" would have no
meaning if it were not so. What else could it
refer to ?
Mr. DAWES. I know that I am taking up
the gentleman's time,and I hope that he will par-
don me if I occupy the floor for a single moment
further, by referring to the statute of 1851, that
it is required that the notice of cqntest should be
filed within a certain time, and if this resolution
had not been adopted, the contestant in this case,
at this time, would have been deprived of any
opportunity to contest the rightofthe sitting mem-
ber to hold a seat upon this floor. That is the
notice to which I refer. Now, did the gentleman
from Indiana suppose that the resolution author-
ized these parties to go out and gather up all sorts
of ex parte'testimony outside of the hearing and
the sight of each other?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. As it is very late, if the
gentleman will permit me, I will move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. VdORHEES. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose at this time; and I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that I yield with
pleasure to his interruption.
I have answered twice the gentleman's inquiry
in regard to what this notice refers to; and 1 win
dwell on it, to see whether it is not reasonable.
