203£:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,-
nual'ly to be esipentled by agents of the Govern-
ment who will make their selections with certainly
less skill and integrity than if the matter is left in
private hands.
Thecommitteedivided on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 27, noes 34; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say a
word in reply to the last remark of the gentleman
from Indiana. I say to him that there are hun-
dreds of acres in this country devoted exclusively
to the raising of garden seetis. There are settle-
ments of Shakers near Philadelphia and in various
places in the country who make this their sole
occupation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, sir, there are very few
farmers in the House and I suppose this amend-
ment will be voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum has voted, and
the only proceeding in order is the call of the roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
of Vermont, and Holman, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 31, noes 63.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend, in the twenty-seventh line of page 21, by
adding at the end of it, as follows:
Prodded, That nil imported cotton and linen rags for ttie
manufacture of paper Khali bo free of duty.
Mr. Chairman, if the House will oblige me by
its attention for one moment, I will state some
reasons why I propose this amendment. This
article of cotton and Imon rags—the imported ar-
ticle—is used only in the manufacture of paper.
They have been imported free of duty since J846
until August lost, at which time a duty of ten per
cent, was imposed.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that it. is a well-settled
principle that no duty sh;i!l be imposed upon any
raw material of foreign origin which docs not
come into competition with domestic products,
and which is used solely as * basis for domestic
industry. Such is the fact in reference to this
article.
The House will remember that by the tax bill
which we have just passed there has been a tax
of three per cent, imposed upon paper. This is
nothing more nor less than an additional tax upon
paper, that is, upon the material out of which
paper is to be manufactured; so that, unless the
JegiBlati-on of the special session of Congress be
repealed in this respect, there will be a tax upon
both ends of this article of paper. A tax upon the
raw material has always ueon considered a tax
upon the manufactured article, ft will be recol-
lected that at the time the taxation of paper was
under consideration here, many arguments were
submitted, which I have not time to refer to now,
why there should be no tax at alj imposed. 1 will
say here that it takes nearly two pounds of rags
to make one pound of paper, and that if the duty
be ten per cent, upon the raw material, it is in fact
an addition of double that amount upon the man-
ufactured; so that it is in fact adding a tax of
twenty per cent, to the three per cent, imposed
directly upon paper. I think this article should
bear.no duty whatever, and I trust, therefore, the
House will see the justice and propriety of the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I trust thisamendment will
not prevail. We have laid no duty upon rags by
this hill, but this is a motion to repeal theokfduty
of perhaps ten per cent, upon the foreign article.
I remember very well it was put in upon the sug-
gestion of the distinguished gentleman who then
represented a portion of Boston in this House,
(Mr. Appleton.) The tax upon paper is now
reduced to almost nothing. It is only a very few-
items in its production which pay at all. All the
lower grades pay no duty whatever.
Now, sir, when this duty of ten per cent, was
put on the article of rags, that article was taken
from the fi**p list, and one great object in chang-
ing the tariff in this respect*was to Yaise-rcvenue.
It was necessary to raise a large amount of reve-
nue by taxing what had heretofore been included
in the free list.
Now, sir, there is a pretty large interest in this
country in rags, [laughter,] and why weare going
to disregard that interest I do not know. Those
who have rAgstosrell are a pretty large interest in
this country, and when we encourage the intro-
duction from abroad, from Sicily, it may be, of a
particular kind of rags, we discourage an interest
in this country which ought not to be interfered
with.
Now, sir, this amendment starts out with re-
pealing, by an amendment to this bill, a law which
we enacted only in August last. If we commence
such a system, F do not know where it will end,
and I hope we shall not inaugurate it by the adop-
tion of thisamendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I hope this
amendment will prevail. There is a very great
scarcity of the mateual of which paper is made,
arising partly from the present state of the coun-
try. Heretofore cotton waste has been used to a
considerable extent in the manufacture of paper.
From the scarcity of cotton in the maiketand the
difficulty of getting any further supply of cotton,
the manufacturers of cotton goods have, in a great
degree, made use of the cotton waste, instead of,
as heretofore, selling it to be converted into paper.
The paper manufacturers, therefore, have mainly
to depend upon rags to keep their mills in opeia-
tion; and this article of rags comes into competi-
tion with nothing which is produced m this coun-
try. There is a scarcity of articles of all kinds for
the manufacture of paper. Rags heretofore im-
ported for the manufacture of paper were of the
finest kind. There is a scarcity of that kind in the
market, and it seems to me that it is proper that
we should admit it duty free. It is well known
that paper is the great meansfortherapiddissem-
ination of knowledge among all classes of our
people; and if we go on taxing all materials used
in the manufacture of paper, wc certainly impose
a tax upon knowledgeand itsdissemination among
the people. 1 was opposed to the tax upon paper
in the first instance, i will vote for the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and I sin-
cerely hope that it will prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out, in line
eighty-seven, page 23, the words "on potatoes,
twenty-five cents per bushel."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that will
not be done. The only reason for putting a large
duty on potatoes wasthis: they are bioughtvery
early in the season from Bermuda,and bring two
or three dollars* a bushel, and the committee
thought that those who can afford to indulge in
expensive tropical fruit, such as potatoes, will not
feel themselves at all oppressed by the payment
of this duty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Vermont whether this tax is
confined to Irish potatoes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It includes all
kinds of potatoes.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SARGENT. I move, on page 24, line
ninety-seven, to strike out " one cent and a half,"
and m lieu thereof to insert " two cents;" so that
it will read, "on rice, cleaned, two cents per
pound."
Mr. Chairman, in support of that amendment
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a communi-
cation signed by the East India importers of the
cityofSan Francisco,and by several United States
officers employed in the custom-house at that port,
which I commend to the attention of members.
The Clerk read, as follows:
San Francisco, January 1, 1862.
Gentlemen: T!ic undesigned, impuiters of East India
goods at the port of S.in Fiancisco, in view of a possible
change in the tat ilTduring the present se^ion, very respect-
fully eall jour attention to the great impoitance of secuimg
in any new bill the same ratio of discrimination in favor of
unoleaned rice as wa« afforded under the bill which went
into operation Augusts, 1861. The consumption of rice in
California amounts to twenty-five million pounds per an-
num. The impoits eon-«i<t of clean nee (namely, rice with
the inner skin lemoved) and unoleaned nce, or lice with
the outei hu k only removed, and paddy.
The clean nee is imported ulmostexclusiveJy by Chinese;
the latter description by Ameucan houses, who iiave it
cleaned in our rice mills, in the erection of which a large
amount of Amciican capital ha> been invested.
The cleaned nee at places of evpoit costs more than twice
as much as the uncleaned, and a uniform specific uutv upon
all grades of nce would manifestly be unjust, and would
speedily drive the entire business into the hand* of the Chi-
®?iese instead of the American importers, and besides, give
to the East India cooly the profits upon cleaning instead of
to the laborers of California where it properly belongs.
We therefore respectfully request that you will give this
subject your attention should tndre be any change In the
tariff during the present session, and beg you to secure for
the American impoiterand for American labtfr that protec-
tion from their own Government which they have a right
to demand.
Importers of uncleaned rice Jose from ten to forty per cent,
in cleaning here, and it costs on an average fifty enrs per
one hundred pounds to clean and fit it for consumption ; and
in the event of the chaiacter of the importations bmig
changed, by a proper discrimination in favor of uncleaned
rice, the cost of cleaning, amounting to $125,000 per annum,
would go into the hands of the Amei ican instead of the East
India laborer.
We have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your
obedient servants, t. G. GARY,
FALKNER, BELL & CO.,
MACONDRAY & CO,
McNeil &. co.,
R. FENEBSTEIN & CO.,
W. T. COLEMAN &, CO.,
DICKSON, Do WOLF & CO ,
FLINT, I'EABODY & CO.,
DANIEL GIBD & CO.,
II. F. EDWARDS,
KOOPMANSCflAP & CO.,
EDWARDS & BALLEY,
ALSOi' & CO.,
WM. M. GREENWOOD.
Hon. Milton s. Latham, Hon. James a. McDouoall,
Senators; Hon. A. A. Sargent, Hon. Thos. g. 1'iielps,
Members of Congress representing the State of California
at Washington.
At the solicitation of East India importers, we have care-
fully examined the annexed memorial to theCalifomiadci-
egation in Congress, and fully approve o^thc Mime,
C II. McNULTY,
" United States Examiner for East India Goods.
W. MUDGE,
United State5 appraiser fur East India Goods.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman,vin support
of the facts set forth in that communication, I will
state that the amount of rice heretofore impotted
into California has been about twenty-five million
pounds a year. That will be the amountimportcd
during the present year; and of that amount twen-
ty-two or twenty-three million pounds are con-
sumed by the Chinese population, residents of that
State, in the tariff bill now in operation, a dis-
crimination was made in favor of the importation
of uncleaned ricc and against cleaned rice. I f the
committee impose a duty on cleaned rice of one
cent and a half per pound, and on paddy and un-
cleaned rice of one cent per pound, it will, in a
manner, legislate to destroy the manufacturing in-
terests for the cleaning of rice which have grown up
in California under the late tariff. I think that it
should not !>e the object of the House to destroy
the industrial interests which have grown up under
the tariffs heretofore enacted, but, on the contrary,
to preserve and protect them. Fifty thousand Chi-
nese are now resident in the State of California;
and 1 think that this class of our population, which
use nce as a main article of food, ought to be made
to pay a percentage towards the support of the
Government, txs they do in no other way, by the
imposition of the increased duty which I propose
upon the importation of cleaned rice. They arc,
as a class, characterized by vicious habits; and the
State would be very glad to get rid of them alto-
gether. In smoking opium and in intoxicating
themselves with other drugs, they have, by their
carelessness, set fire to their own wooden houses,
and been the cause of the destruction of many of
our towns. In this way they have more than once
Spread desolation and suffering throughout hn°-e
commumtiesofourown citizcns. As wc must have
them in our midst, they ought to contribute to-
wards the burden of the Government. I hope the
amendment will be adopted, as it is necessary to
adjust the pending bill to the scale of discrimina-
tions under which the industrial pursuit 1 have
named has grown up. But a reduction of the duty
on uncleaned rice would effect the same object,
though less to the benefit of the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I would
never have believed, but for what has just oc-
curred, that any member would come here upon
this floor and ask this House to indorse the legis-
lation towards this class of people which has, I
think, disgraced the State of California. We in-
vite emigrants to this country without inquiring
from what nation they may come. China has been
much oppressed of late by the European nations.
It has been forced into ruinous and desolating
wars because it has resisted the importunity of
England, to consent to the importation of poison-
ous drugs that demoralize its society and destroy
its people. A large number of Chinese have of
late years migrated to the State of California to
seek their fortunes. They had the right to go there;
and I hold it to be in violation of every rule of law
