1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The expenses of the consulate for clerk hire and contingen-
cies are large, and the con-ul general is not only required
by ciicumsrances to extend lu-s hospitality to hi>fcllovv-cit-
izens visiting Cuba, but also to make laige contributions to
Ins countrymen who find themselves in a necessitous con-
dition on the island
>£ Under a regulation of the Governor General of Cuba, all
Ihe business of the United States consulates in Cuba with
the chief authorities at Havana is icquued to be transacted
through the medium of the consul geneial. This require-
ment necessarily involves a considerable addition to the
clerical work of the consulate geneial, which is paid by the
consul general from bis own salary.
" Duiing the present rebellion the labors of Mr. Shufcldt,
our consul general, have been unceasing, and the Depart-
ment lias had constant occasion to commend his energy,
prudence, and foresight. The infoimation which lie has
communicated weekly lias also been of great service to the
Department and in our naval operations-.
"I feel, therefore, that I am doing only an act of justice
in renewing the recommendation, which has heretofore
been made by my predece?sois, both Mr. Maicy and Gen-
eral Cass, tlffft additional compensation he provided for this
consulate geneial. (See Executive Document, No. 68,
Thirty-Fifth Congicss, second session, pp. 457, 462.)
" I make this recommendation wuh the more confidence
in view of the provision of the law made by the last Con-
gress, (see SesMon Statutes, second session, p. Q20,) di-
recting the Secretary of State ' to audit and settle the ac-
count? of Chailes J. Helm, consul general of the United
States at Havana, upon the punciplcs of justice and equity,
for the expenses incurred by him in prepaung and making
the rcpoits and return*-, and bringing up ihe arreaiages of
the business of hi"? produce <sor in that office, ami for cvtra
cleik hire in his otfice, and for moneys advanced to desti-
tute Ameiican citizens, and for extia rent, and to pay the
amount thcieof. not exceeding the aum of $8,768, out of
any money in the Trcasmy not otherwise appropuatod.' "
Then the letter proceeds:
"It will be seen from the provision thus made that the
Congress of the United States considered it ju^t that the
late consul general should be compensated for his losses m
sustaining the office.
l< In ca.-e the additional compensation be granted, 1 beg
leave to suggest that it he made to commence willi the he-
ginning of the cunent fiscal yeai."'
I have drawn the amendment in conformity
with this recommendation of the Department of
State, ami tins statement from the Secretary, it
seems to me, sufficiently explains it
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt a statement
could be obtained from the .Secretary of State in
favor of increasing the salaries of all the officers
of the Government a hundred per cent., because
he is a generous, liberal, free-handed man. This
does not satisfy me that #6,000 U not an amply
sufficient salary for Ihe consul at Havana. I re-
member the case of Helm very well. Helm, it way
said, employed additional clerk hire A bring up
the duties of his predecessor, which I think were,
in arrears some three yeais, and he showed dis-
bursements to the amount of §8,000. Redid not
pretend to claim moie than his salary; hut if 1 re-
member might lie claimed that he had disbursed
that amount of money / <)• clerical services m bi ink-
ing tip the ivturnsand official reports of his prede-
cessor. Mr. Helm, I will state, was a citizen of
Kentucky; he was believed at the time to he a
rebel, as he has since proved himself to be, for he is
fighting with the secessionists,and it was i eluded
as a matter of political favor to him by those who
then controlled the Senate. The Senate inserted
the appropriation in an appropriation bill; and the
House of Repiesentatives had to a^iee to it ot
defeat the hill. Ii was lealiy a politico! job for
Mr. Helm, at the time a secessionist; and it was
invert to him as a gratuity for services rendeied
to the southern eonfedeiacy—that was about the
amount of it—on the pretense that he had ex-
pended money to bring up the business of his
predecessor. 1 trust the Senate will not at this
time increase salaries. Although this in but$l,500,
it is only the commencement. We have alieady
increased the expenses of the consular and diplo-
matic system hugely, at the lequcst of the Secre-
tary of State; I forget how much, but I think tile
increase amounts to about $300,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. jN\)t so much as that.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have increased the ex-
penses very hugely. Wc have made a ^reatnum-
bci of newconsuls, and have ineicased tliesalanes
of some. This is anothei proposition to increase
a consular salary, and it is not in its proper place.
If thet "> was any great necessity for it, it must
have been known amonth ago, when the eonsuiai
hill was before us. T do not think wo ought to
make it now.
Mr. ClIAXDLER, I hope the amendment
will not prevail at this time. 1 think there area ;
gieat many cases oi ical hardship among our eon-
suh'r oflict is; bull do  iot considoi tins one. I
believe it is necessary to leview and learran^o the ;
salaries of our consular agents. Wc have a con-
sular agent, for example, at Manchester, England,
a place almost as expensive to live in as Paris,
where the pay is only $2,000 a year, which is
totally inadequate. If this amendment prevails,
I shall certainly desire to move one or two to pro-
vide for existing cases of extreme hardship. 1 do
not think, however, that this is a time to increase
the salaries of consular agents, or any other agents
of this Government. I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not desire to press this
proposition against the disposition of the Senate.
If the Senate decide against it, 1 shall accept their
decision; but our present consul geneial at Cuba
is understood to be a very meritorious officer; he
has rendered essential service, as the Secretary .of
State says in his letter; he has aided our naval
expeditions, and he has been put to very consid-
erable expense. Havana, I understand, is as ex-
pensive a place as any city in the world, as ex-
pensive, ccrtayily,as Liverpool or London, where
the salaries are, $7,500; and it is proposed to put
this salary on the same level with Liverpool and
London. I should like the Senate to give ex-
pression to their opinion upon it, and X shall be
content.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Ohio to requpst the yeas
and nays on this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 withdraw the call.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I have one more amendment
to offer, to come in at the same place:
For lent of piison, wages of keepeis of the same, and
c.ne ol otfendei-., at Amoy, fiom July 1, I860, to June JO.
1861, in pniMtancc of the provisions of the act appioved
July 2, ltfG0,$8." 8 27.
With regard to this, the Secretary of State
writes:
" 1 have also to lequcst that an appropriation of ft8o6 2?
be made for tent of prison, wages ot keeper* of the same,
ami c:n<  of oftender-i. at Amoy, from July 1, 1860, to June
I3U, 1861, m pursuance of the piovisions of the act appioved
Jul\ 2, 1860. No appiopriation for this puipose ha< here-
tolbie been made. A cop> of the communication, dated
Jamiaty 24, 1662, of Mi. f]vatt,the late consul,in explana-
tion o! his chum for compensation for the above mentioned
ob|ect , is heiewith inclosed, and also the repoit ot the
Comptroller of the Treasury, dated February 17, 1862, to
whom the account of Mr. Hyatt was submitted by this l)e-
paitnient wuh a request to revise and adjust it."
I have the letter of Mr. Whittlesey, the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, with reference to this ac-
count, and the sum, as finally adjusted by him, is
what I h iw. named in the amendment.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mi HARLAN. I move to amend the bill on
pages 20 and J21, by striking out lines four hun-
dred and fifty-ejght and four hundred and Jifiy-
rtine,lines four hundred and sixty-six, four hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and four hundred and
sixty-eight, and lines four hundred and ninety,
four hundred and ninety-one, and four hundred
and ninety-two, and to insert in lieu of them this
provision:
That tsomand after the 1st day of July next, and until
otherwise ordeied In the President, the Tcrritoiies of Utah
and ('oloi.ido shall constitute one surveying diMuct, and
the (Uitie-j ot Mitve\oi geneial in said di-tiict shall be per-
fumed In the sinve^or geneial of Coioindo ; and the sur-
veying distnet of Nevada shall be united to that of Cah
tomia. and the dulie- of the *-ui veyoi geneial ofthefoimei
shall lie peiformed by the survej or geneial of California;
and the ti millet of the eiFectsand archive* of the ?;\id offices
shall be madeundei the instt uctionsofthe Commissioner of
! the Geneial Land Office.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
t wishes that to come in as an additional section at
! the end of the bill.
j Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
J course if it would better preserve the congruity of
!i tlx- i„ii. B y
ij Mi. FESSENDEN. Lot the Senator move to
I! strike out what he wishes to strike out, and then
i move to put in the other clause as an additional
;i section.
,j Mr. HARLAN. I will adopt the suggestion
| of the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
;! The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will then he on stiiking out.
i Mr. FESSENDEN". I should like to know
! how much of the bill the Senator proposes to strike
I out.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out these
j clauses:
: Foi compensation of the s>uivcvoi geneial of Uiah,
■ $1,000
Foi compensation of the surveyor general of the Terii-
tory of Nevada and the cloiks in his office, §7,000.
For rent of the suivcyor general's ofliee in the Territory
of Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses. .**2,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator mean
to leave in the appropriation for Colorado?
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to leave that in,
because the surveying district of Colorado is to
include Utah.
The motion to strike nut was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
insert, as an additional section, the words which
have been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill in
line three hundred and fifty-eight, page 16, by-
striking out the word " recorder," and adding at
the end of that paragraph, in line three hundred
and sixty-two, the words " and that the duty of
countersigning patents and other duties required
by the existing laws of the recorder, shall be per-
formed by the said Commissioner,"so as to make
the clause read:
Foi compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and the draughtsman, assistant draughtsman,
clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, packers, watch-
men, and labofeis m his otficc, $175,440; and that the duty
of countersigning patents and other duties icquiied by the
existing laws of the recoidci, shall be performed by the said
Commissioner
I learn from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that he would prefer to countersign
the land patents in person, in order that he may
review the work at his own desk, and conse-
quently the office of iccordcr in the General Land
Office is a useless office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Iowa what the salary of the recorder is ?
Mr. HARLAN. Two thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to amend
the clause by reducing the appropriation from
$175,440 to $173,440.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move the following as an
additional section:
And be it further cnactcd. That the President shall ap-
point in the Dep.uimcnt of the Jntcnoi, by and with the
.sdviec and consent of the Senate, a competent person who
shall he called the Ab-ntant Secretaiy of the Fnterioi, whose
salaiy shall he >f3,0U0, payable in the same mannei as the
falaiy of the Seeietury of the fntenoi, who shall perform
stieh duties, in the Depaitment ot the Jnteuor as shall be
prescribed by the Secietary or may be required by law, and
who shall act as the >SeeieUry of the Inteuoi in the absence
of that office!.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if that comes from
a committee ?
Mr. HARLAN. It comes from the Committee
on Public Lands.
The question being put,
The VICE PRESIDENT declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to record my vote in
favor of the amendment, but I am almost discour-
aged from calling the yeas and nays from the re-
sult of a similar call made by me some days since.
1 however ask for the yeas and nays, and will
make nn explanation 
Mr. FOOT and othcis. Move it in the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I am advised by Senators
around me to renew the motion in the Senate when
the bill shall be reported to the Senate. 1 there-
fore withdiaw my call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
that the amendment is rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON. On page 30, I think there
is, perhaps, a mistake in printing the bill. I see
there this clause:
" Foi vnlaiics of Governor, three judges, and secretary of
the Tcnitory of New Mexico, $1:2,000.'"'
For the other Territories on the next page, the
appropriation is only $9,700. I move to strike
out " §12,000 " and insert <( §9,700." On looking
at the statute, I sec that the salaries of judges in
New Mexico are precisely the same as in Nevada
and Coloiado, so that $9,700 would be the proper
amount.
'Mr. BROWNING. I wish to inquire of the
Senator whether the number of judges in all these
Tfiritories is the same.
Mr. WILKINSON. \'es,sir; three judges in
each. Tin; statute organizing the Territory of
New Mexico provides that " the Governor shall
