1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman can say it
when I get through. The certificate upon which
the silting Delegate relies bears date the 29th day
of April, 1861. Now, why was it, if he relied upon
having a certificate of equal validity with the rest
of us, that as late as the 28th day of May, a month
after that certificate was issued, he was serving
notices as contestant to take evidence to secure
his seat here? Nobody knew better than he did
the fraudulent character of that certificate. No-
body knew better than he did that he could not
rest before the House and the country upon it,
and hence he went on, with that limping, halting
gait that the consciousness of wrong always gives
to a man, partially leaning upon the certificate and
partially upon the contest, doubling himself to the
gaze of my friend, the contestant, and appearing
in different attitudes and characters as he went
along.
Mr. Speaker, I have only time to reply to those
points in the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts which seemed to tell with most
effect upon the House. I lay down the proposi-
tion, and from that I argue the case, that this
claim of the sitting Delegate, being conceived and
born in fraud and wrong, and coming here based
upon an invalid title, atevery subsequent stage of
this proceeding it is tinctured with suspicion and
with odium. In order that this may not rest upon
my unsupported statement, let me call the atten-
tion of the House—if they will only hear me good-
naturedly for a moment—to some other testimony
upon this point. My friend, the contestant, could
not give notice to take testimony, as the law pre-
scribes for contested elections. The time for that
had gone by. He had been stunned and over-
whelmed by the edict of banishment from this
Hall, and all the right that he had to contest his
way back was under the saving clause put in for
him by his friend from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son.]
Now, having stated that this was a fraudulent
concern to begin with, let me show to this House
what practices have been resorted to at its future
stages to carry it out. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts challenges the whole vote ot L'eau-
qui-court county, and the sitting Delegate from
Nebraska sseys with stormy emphasis that it is
well known in Nebraska that the whole vote was
a fraud.
Mr. DAILY. In the northern precinct, I mean.
Mr. VOORHEES. I accent the gentleman's
amendment. I wish to do no injustice whatever,
none in the world, nor to deal unkindly with this
question; but I am going to deal honestly and
plainly with it. Every member of the Committee
of Elections knows that with regard to L'eau-qui-
court county, where 122 votes for the contestant
are thrown out, the contestant offered repeatedly
to bring General Todd, the Delegate from Da-
kota, in this House before that committee, and let
him testify what he knew upon this point—for he
knew all about it—his offer was resisted and re-
pulsed in eve^y instance. The sitting Delegate
said that if he might be allowed to go back to Ne-
braska and reopen the whole case, he would allow
that testimony to be received. Well, the sitting
Delegate has held the seat here for nearly a year,
as we have demonstrated, wrongly, and by an
invalid title, and a ruse of that kind deceived no-
body. His object was to throw open the whole
question again, and prolong the controversy, and
thus obtain another year's lease upon his mileage
and per diem and a seat in this House, upon this
paper, which should be the object of the scorn
and hissing of every honest man within the sound
of my voice. The offer was resisted, and Gen-
eral Todd was not allowed to be called as a wit-
ness, except upon conditions that would inflict
still further wron*. But an affidavit in relation to
this precinct in LYau-qui-court county was sub-
mitted, and submitted, I contend, directly within
the rule laid down in the resolution, which did
not require notice. I will read it to the House:
I, Hermann Westdman.oflawful ace,latent L'eau-qui-
couit county, NchiaMca Territory, make affidavit and de-
clare that in the month of November, 18b0.1 employed w .
W. YVaford, of Bouhomme, Dakota Teuitoty. and Jacob
Heck, of the Yancton reserve, as witne>«e* in the matter
of tli" contested election of* J. Steihng Moiton as Delegate
to the Thiitv-fcSeventh Congress from the Teuitory ot Ne-
braska, Samuel G. Daily contestant. That in eoiHider.i-
tion foi the testimony which th.'y were to give in he.ialt ot
said Snmucl G. Dailv, contestant, I agreed to pny the sam
Waford $100, and the *aid Heck fiitv dollar*. ^Aml L fur-
ther Ueelaie and bay that I did pay the &aid U moid
■un] the said fleck fifty tU>!iars for said set vice rendered as
witnesses, and in lull conip!i:mce with the bargain made
by me Willi tliem. HERMANN WJ3STERMAN.
Sworn and subscribed to before ine this 29th day of July,
1861. K. W. FRAZIER,
Justice of the Peace in and for the county of
L'eau-qui-court, Nebraska Territory.
And if anybody will take the pains to look at
the testimony in this case lie will find that almost
every other witness produced here by the sitting
Delegate is tainted by the corrupt employment of
money. They all appear here in an equivocal
character. This man Dundy appears here in that
light, under the statement of the gentleman from
Illinois and the evidence, the sworn evidence in
this proceeding. For, sir, when seven men living
in the neighborhood swear that a man has got a
bad character, you never find such a man to be a
very good man. Where a man has really a good
character, you never find that number of" men in
his own neighborhood swearing that he is not to
be believed under oath.
But I will not dwell on this L'eau-qui-court pre-
cinct, nor follow up, step by step, and county by
county, the gentleman from Massachusetts to
show that equal fallacy and sophistry have pre-
vailed in every part of his speech, extending over
an hour. 1 will leave that task to others who are
to follow me. The gentleman says " the census
shows thus and so; the vote shows thus and so;"
and he says that the two arc in contradiction with
each other. Did not the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts well know that a portion of that county
had been taken off in the formation of the new
Territory of Dakota, which accounts entirely for
the discrepancy between the vote and the census
reports? Ifhedidnotknowit, I do, as will be more
satisfactorily shown before this debate closes.
And this, Mr. Speaker, is the kind of case on
which a man's title to his seat—as indefeasible a
title as that by which any of us hold ours—is to
be taken from him, and on which he is to be turned
away from our midst. If such a practice is to pre-
vail here, it will be no trouble to get to Congress.
My seat, or yours, or that of any member can be
taken away from him, if the contestant can only
get a Governor who will give a subsequent certifi-
cate, and can get a Clerk of this House to puthis
name on the roll, and can have a House reluctant
to look into details in the hurry and confusion of
the organization of Congress, and indifferent to
the particular rights or claims of a fellow-member
to a seat here.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken strongly and plain] y
upon this question, not going over the details.
Really it is a field of such confusion that, when I
find oneside supported by unquestioned right, and
j the other side supported by unquestioned wrong,
by fraud, by forgery, by subornation of witnesses,
I am ready to stop there and to say that it is all
rottenness and unclcannoss from beginning to end.
But the summary of the vote does not change
the result, as will be conclusively shown. I have
indulged in these remarks, Mr. Speaker, because
I feel apprehensive that towards as honorable, as
high-minded, and, I had almost said, as able a man
as occupies a seat on this floor, a grievous wrong
is to be perpetrated and consummated by the vote
that is to be taken. A great wrong was perpe-
trated on him last July. I trust and pray that the
House will no longer lend itself to that proceed-
ing, but will stop it now, and give a public rebuke
to fraud practiced in the attempts to obtain seats
in the American Congress.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at five minutes past five,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, M<vj 7, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sundeuland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, presented two
petition's of merchants, traders, and citizens of the
city and State of New York, praying for the pas-
sage of a general uniform bankrupt law; which
were mfcrrcd to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of
Thomas Blagden and others, praying compensa-
tion for a topographical map of the Distnct ol
Columbia, seized by the War Department for the
use of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia. .
He also presented the petition of John W.Jen-
kins and sixty others, citizens of Maryland, pray-
ing for the immediate and unconditional repeal of
the act of Congress abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trictof Columbia, and that provision may be made
for the better enforcement of the fugitive slave law
in the District; which was referred -to the Com-
mittee on the Districtof Columbia. .
He also presented the petition of W. Vcirs
Bowie, of Maryland, paying for the return of, or
compensation for a slave alleged to have absconded
and placed himself in a camp of Federal soldiers,
and by tliem carried outside the limits of the State
of Maryland; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented three petitions from
citizens of Iowa, praying for the construction of
a ship canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
JOHN SKIRVING.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. C. C. No. 108)
for the relief of John Skirving, have had the same
under consideration, and directed me to report it
back with a recommendation that it pass. I will'
ask that it be considered now, if there be no ob-
jection, and I will state the reason. The Senate
have passed a bill precisely like this bill from the
House of Representatives, which has gone to the
House. The House, instead of passing our bill,
sent back another; and we desire simply to pass
the House bill, so that the matter may be dis-
posed of now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to John Skirving the sum of j>],142, in full for
his services in making designs, drawings, work-
ing drawings, and measurements, in and about
the public buildings in the city of Washington,
and other expenses attending the same, under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, from the year 1842 to the year 1852, inclu-
sive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 183) to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts of John A. Smith, clerk of the circuit court
and criminal court of the District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
279) providing for the selection of jurors to serve
in the several courts in the District of Columbia,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a bi!l_(S.
No. 304) to authorize the appointment of medical
storekeepers; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 388) making appropriation to reim-
burse the contingent fund of the office of the Sec-
retary of Llie Treasury, including compensation of
additional clerks who may be employed according
to the exigencies of the public service, and for tem-
porary clerks for the current fiscal year and for the
year ending June 30,1863, to report the same back
with an amendment.
I am also directed' by the same committee to
whom were referred the bill (H. R. No. 404) to
provide for the deficiency in the appropriation for
the pay of the two and three yeais volunteers, and
the officers and men actually employed in the
western department, and the bill (H. R. No. 444)
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes,"approved
August 5,1861, to report them back with a recom-
mendation that they do pass.
These are very important bills, easily under-
stood, and have been delayed for some time on
