1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
havft a snWy of $1,500 per annum, and $1,000 as
superintendent of Indian aflf.iits;" and that" the
chief justice and associato judges shall reccivc an
annual salary of $1,800," and the secretary
$1,800; which altogether makes $9,700.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would call the attention
of the gentleman to thc-estimates:
" Territojy of Now Mexico:
11 Covernoi (per act of Mruoh 3? 1857, 11th Laws, page
185, section 3,) .■§-2,505.'>
Mr. WILKINSON. That is what I estimate
it at—$1,500 as Governor, and $1,000as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The estimates proceed:
" Clucf justice and two judges, at $2,500 each, (per act
of July 27, 1854, JOtli Laws, page 311, section l.j''
Mr. WILKINSON. It is not so in the organic
act of New Mexico.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is by the act of
July 27, 1854, and it is so with others._ In the
estimates here the salary is $2,500 each; it is so in
the Territory of Utah by law; it is so intheTcr-
ritory of Washington by law; but in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska it is not so much; there the
salary is $2,000. I notice, however, that in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
1862, the amount was only put at $9,700 in the
whole, but it is $12,000 for the next year. I can-
not explain at tins moment the difficulty about it;
but the Governorat$2,500, ihiee judges at $2,500
c'ach, and the secretary at $2,000, would make
$12,000, which is the sum appropriated.
Mr. WILKINSON. The salaries must have
been increased by an amendment to the organic
act of this Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have you not the law of
1854 before you r
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Aie not the laws of 1854
in that volume ?
Mr. WILKINSON. They are here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Senator
that if the appropriation exceeds the amount pro-
vided by law it cannot be drawn out,so that there
will be no difficulty about it.
Mr. WILK1NSON. I will waive my amend-
ment fori he present, and I will look at the statute.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to oflei, as a
separate section, this amendment:
.dnd he it fiat'icr cnactcd, That the aim wf £100,000 be,
and the '-nine is bei<'by, nppiopitated out ot any money m
the Trea-my not ot'icriWM; :ippiopiia!rtl, to bo expended,
utidt i the diu'Ction of the kecietaiy of the Intenor, in the
eixction and completion of a jail lot the l>Mriet ot Colum-
bia on Government re-ci vaiiou No. 13, in the city of Wash-
ington : Pro mini. That the or. me eo*t of said jail Miajlnot
exceed the sum l.eioby appiopnatcd.
I have only one word to say in regard to the
amendment. I suppose everybody agrees that
there is a necessity that thcic should be a ncwjail
in this. Distiict. L think that not. only the mem-
bers of this body, but the people of the whole
country are satisfied on that subject. 1 believe that
twice, certainly once, two yeais ago last spring,
an amendment was ingrafted upon an appropria-
tion bill by an almost unamimous vote of the Sen-
ate, appropriating $250,000 for the construction of
a jail upon this reservation, No. 13. The Com-
mittee on the Districtof Columbia were unwilling
now to appropriate that amount, and they thought
that a jail might be built which would answer all
the purposes of the District for some considerable
period of time for $100,000, and be built in such
a manner that it could be extended so as to ac-
commodate the future wants of the District. I will
state in regard to the position where it is proposed
to place this jail, that it is upon a Government
reservation in the vicinity of the almshouse, out-
side of the settled poition of the city, where the
Senate has twice before determined that it should
be placed.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert afterhne
five, on page 39, among the appropiiations for
the pieseiu fiscal year, the following words:
Foi l<e<'pm<- in icpair and patli.ilfv I'urm.-hins the Post
Oilier LuiMinir, to he expended under the daecttoa of the
l'o--tlil.l^tei Genoial. .y^H.OOO.
1 have in my hand a long communication from
the Postmaster General, referring to a lecom-
mendation made by General s v.'lio had the
o', l 1 .^h i (.fall ihose bMi!rb:u:s, that tliei e should
oc an .aojuopnatu/u made of about sixty-seven
thousand dollars for the purpose of completing
the General Post Office building. It is found now
that the building, not being completed, is suffer-
ing- exceedingly, is very much injured by the
heavy rains washing it very badly, so that it is
absolutely necessary to make an appropriation in
order to picserve the building. The clerical force
of the Post Office Department is also very badly
accommodated; and it is necessary that some
moie rooms should be furnished for their use.
There are a great many rooms in the new portion
of the building that are built, but entirely unfur-
nished. Instead of recommending an appropria-
tion of §67,000 to complete the building, 1 have,
by the consent of one or two of tho committee,
drawn an amendment which appropriates only
§20.000, which the Postmaster General says will
be enough for the preservation of the building,
and to furnish tho rooms he needs, if he can have
the expenditure of the money. I have drawn the
amendment accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee Oil the District of Columbia to move the
following amendment, to come in after line sixty-
eight, 011 page 42, among the appropriations for
the present fiscal year:
For necessary expenses for supply of water fixtures,
pipes, hydiant-, Iiom: apparatus, and employment ot firemen
for tile protection of the public stoics and hospitals in the
city of Washington, the sum of §10,000, or so much thereof
as inay be ne.cessary for that pui puse, to be expended under
tho djieetion of the Seeietaiy of War: Provided, That no
more than one liieman shall lie employed at each store or
hospital, and <tt a compensation not exceeding $300 per
annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads to move
as an additional section to this bill, a bill loported
by them in relation to tho post office 111 Philadel-
phia. As I never can get that bill up 011 the
Calendar, 1 desire to put it on here. I offer this
amendment:
•hid he it further enacted. That the Postmaster Gonna]
be. and he is hcieby, authorized and empowered to cany
into elleet the piovisions heretofore made by law ior lcfit-
ini" and piepaunc. in the eity of Philadelphia, the building
now owned by the United Mates, 011 Chestnut street, tor the
u^e ot a post office and the holding of the United States
courts in said eity : Provided, nei-rrtkcless, That the whole
expense of said aitcialion* and impiovements shall not ex-
ceed 111 eo-t the unexpended balance lierctofoio appiopri-
ated by law lor that puipone. -
I will state the object of it. There has been
an appropriation ah eady for the purchase of a site
and the election of a post office in Philadelphia.
They are in a very bad condition thereabout then-
post office. The lease is nearly out, and they are
paying §5,000 a year rent, while this site is stand-
ing idle, and can be readily fitted up for the post
office with the balance ofjthe appi opriation which
remains unexpended. The matter was committed
by law to the charge of the Postmaster Geneial,
the Secretary of the Tieasuiy, and the Attorney
Genoial; but the result of having so many men
to consult about it was that nothing could ever be
done, no decision could ever be obtained. This
proposition is merely to enable the Postmaster
General to carry the existing law into effect; it
makes no additional appropnation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the several amendments adopted by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAjN". I should like to have a sep-
arate vote on the amendment with regard to tho
new jail 111 this District.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair will
put the question 011 all the other amendments to-
gether.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on concurring in the remainingamendment
agreed to as in Committee of the Whole, to ap-
proptiate §100,000 for the erection of a jail in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am satisfied that the pies-
ent condition of the jail is seized upon as a reason
for lmnying tluoug'h this appropriation. For the
last five yeais an effort has been constantly matte
to iret a new jail erected hen; at the expense ot
i| the"United Stales Why is it that the people of
|| Washington '■aiinot have their own jail.'' ^Why
il cannot the corporation of this city provide tor the
erection of a jail? Why is it that we are not
called upon to furnish breakfast, dinner, and sup- -
per to every citizen of Washington ? TJiere is no
reason for this Government building a jail for this
District, and the House of Representatives has
uniformly 011 that ground opposed.it. The muni-
cipal authorities here have the power to levy-
taxes, and they have the power to build a jail to
keep their own vagrants in. We have a great
variety of public buildings now which have been
constructed at great expense. I see that the Sen-
ate is in a temper to pass this proposition,.but I
prophesy now that this jail, instead of $100,000
will cost $300,000; that is the lowestestimate evec
made for it. I remember that two years ago the
Senate put on an appropriation bill an appropria-
tion of §250,000for a jail, and the very plans then
submitted to the Senate contemplated an expend-
iture of more than that amount. If, at this time,
you commence with $100,000, you will have to
pay much more in the end. You are just seizing
this time when there is more necessity for a jail
than ever before—a time that cannot last long,
for your jail will not be built until all these ex-
citing circumstances pass away—to erect an ex-
pensive public work in the city of Washington.
For one I am opposed to it; I desire to record my
vote against it, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Whenever the Senator from
Ohio is willing to embark in a scheme for revolu-
tionizing the laws of the District, changing them
entirely, I shall be ready to join hands with him
and go into it; but, as the laws are now upon your
statute-book and are administered, we have the
entile control of tli£ legislation and of the admin-
istration of justice "in the District of Columbia.
Every man who is sent to the jail here is our pris-
oner, and not the prisoner of the District ofaCo-
lumbia. So long as the laws remain as they are,
it is our business, and not the business of the
people of the Disti ict, to furnish some proper and
humane method of detaining persons who have
been committed by the authority of our laws, by
our own officers, and who ate to be brought be-
fore our own judges, and whose guilt or innocence
is to be passed upon and to be determined by our
own juries. The Senator is altogether mistaken,
I think, so far as the Committee on the District
of Columbia is concerned, in'supposing that the
present condition of the jail is seized upon in or-
der to get this appropriation made. The present
jail, I understand, cost about twenty-five thou-
sand dollars. There have been during the last fall
as many as two hundred and thirty-eight inmates
at one time. Itis designed to accommodate, some
of tho persons connected with it say, in the neigh-
borhood of one hundred. I should think there
could be somewhere in the neighborhood of sixty
propeily accommodated. The average number
of persons in this jail before the breaking out of
the present insun-e1¥tion 01- rebellion was about
one hundred and ten—nearly double the number
that the jail can adequately accommodate. I have
nothing further to say. If the Senate desire to
vote it down, very well.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If there has been any one
subject during the present session of the Senate
that has been the object of denunciation, it has
been this jail in the city of Washington. It has
justly called forth the condemnation of every Sen-
ator who has had any connection with it, with
respect to the want of humanity there exhibited,
arising in a great measure from the want of ac-
commodation. Now " what is everybody's
liess is nobody's business," according to an old
axiom; and although this is the capital of the
nation, in reality, from the very nature of things,
less attention perhaps is paid as a general thing
by Congress to th^ interest of the community hcio
than to any other locality which has a Represent-
ative upon this floor, or upon the floor of the
other House. . ...
In a humanitarian point of view 1 desire thatan
improvement shall be made in this respect, that
the chaiiman of the Committee on the Districtof
Columbia may not have occasion hereafter to give
utterance to his just indignation on accountof the
matters .lie there discovers in the different visits
which he is called upon to pay^ to this jail. I ap-
prehend the Senator from Ohio is perhaps slightly
111 error with respect to the general declaration he
lias made, that this is the jail of the city of Wash-
ington. 1 have 110 doubt that many of the muni-
