1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
account of other business being before the com-
mittee; and if there be no objection, I should like
to have the rule suspended, and have them taken
up and acted upon. They will take but a moment,
I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to proceed to consider the bills just reported
from the Committee on Finance. It requiring the
unanimous consent of the Senate, if no objection
be made, the bills will be considered as before the
Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
CU3UKS IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 388) making
appropriations to reimburse the contingent fund
of the office of the Secretary of the Treasury, in-
cluding compensation of additional clerks who
may be employed according to the exigencies of
the public service, and for temporary clerks for
the current fiscal year and for the year ending
June 30, 1863, which had been reported from the
Committee on Finance,"with an amendment.
The biil appropriates, to reimburse the contin-
gent fund of the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, for additional clerks authorized by the
act of July 27, 1861, and for temporary clerks in
the Treasury Department for the year ending 30th
of June, 1862, $50,650, and for temporary clerks
in the Treasury Department for the year ending
June 30, J863, $103,000; but the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized, in his discretion, to clas-
sify the temporary clerks so authorized according
to the character of their services, or assign to such
of them as he shall see fit any compensation not
exceeding that of clerks of the first class. It also
appropriates for the necessary furniture, station-
ery, and labor consequent upon the increased
clerical force, $7,000.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance was to add the following as an additional
section:
Si;c. 2. be it further cnactcrf, Thnt from and ut'tor
the JJUtb thy of Juno, JSG2, then: --hali ho employed in llio
office of tlx; Ass^tmit Ticn^uc'i at St. Louisa chief cleik
and lellor, with an annual -uilnry and one
itut clerk, witli an annual salary of; and the .sum of
$.1,000 is lieiehy appropnated, out ol any money in the
TieaMiry not otherwise appiopnated, to pay the i-alane* ol
said Hnof elerk ami ;w-^tnnt eleik lot the liseal year etul-
ini? June 30, 1863: Provided, That the cleiks hereby au-
tlmuzod are to be in the place of other clerical force now
authorised by law for said office.
The amendment was agreed to. •
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed and the bill to be Head a thiid
time. It was read tho third time, and passed.
The title of the bill was amended by adding
thereto the words, " ami to provide for the em-
ployment of addii ioiuil clerks in I be office of the
Assistant Treasuier at St. Louis."
DEFICIENCY IN l'AY 01' VOLUNTEERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 404) to
provide for the deficiency in the appropriation fur
the pay of the two and three years volunteers, and
the officers mid men actually employed in the
west.-rn department. It appropriates the sum of
$30,000,000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, to enable the Government to pay the two
and three years volunteers called into the service
of the United States, being an additional amount
required for the fiscal year ending June 30,1S62.
It also appropiiates the sum of §100,000, or so
much thereof as may bo necessary, to carry into
effect the act approved March 25, to sccuic
pay, bounty, and pensions to officers and men
actually employed in the western department, or
department of Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that hill in print? Iam
not prepared to object to it, but jcally it seems to
me this is a very hasty way of legislating. Here
is a bill appropriating some thirty millions of dol-
lais that comes in during the morning hour, the
rules suspended, nobody in the Senate paying any
at tention to it, and it passes. We have the sanction
of the committee for it, and probably we should
all vote on that any way; but it seems to me that
a dcccnt respect for the Treasury of the United
States would lequire that these "bills should be
before the Senate long enough to enable them to
see what they are doing. I'do not object to it,
however.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say in reply that
I have no wish about it at all except to accommo-
date the Senate. The remarks made by my friend,
and which he has made on several similar occa-
sions before, go precisely to this extent: that al-
though the bill has been printed and been lying
on the table for three weeks, no Senator knows
anything about it.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was reported
this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So it was, but it was
reported just as it was printed three weeks ago,
without the slightest change in the world.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We could not know that
until this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill was laid on the
Senator's table three weeks ago, and if he chooses
never to look at the bills placed on his table, we
cannot help it. We went on the presumption that
Senators knew what was on their tables, and of
all men I thought my friend from Illinois knew
perfectly well what was on his table. I will make
any explanation necessary in regard to the bill,
or it may go over; it makes no difference to me.
The amount of it is just this: at the beginning of
the session we had an estimate from the pay de-
partment of the Army of #50,000,000, predicated
upon an army of five hundred thousand men. He
found afterwards, as was found in other bureaus,
that that estimate for that number of men was
altogether too small, because we had a great many
more to pay and who want their money, and he
has now sent in an additional estimate for the pay
department of the Army of $30,000,000 to pay
those men. The committee are perfectly satisfied,
and so was the House of Representatives, that the
money should be paid. We have contracted the
debt and of course it must be provided for. That
is all there is about it.
The explanation of the appropriation of $100,000
contained in the second section is simply this: a
bill providing for the paymentof certain persons,
officers and soldiers who were called into service
in Missotui, and actually rendered service, but
were never mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, and providing pensions for (hem ifthey
were entitled to them, passed both Houses, after
being carefully examined. We directed that they
should be paid, but provided no money for their
payment, and this section provides the money to
carry out the bill that we have passed. Those arc
the two provisions of the bill. If Senators want
further time to deliberate upon them, 1 have no
objection.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a little piece of in-
formation which I should like to have thatl pre-
sume the Senator can give the Senate, as this bill
is designed to make an appropriation for the ar-
rears of pay, and that is, what is the number of
men composing our Army > We once made an
appropriation,as we thought, sufficient to cover it.
It seems that was not enough, because the num-
ber ot men was greater than was supposed. Now
we have a bill for $30,000,000 more, to cover de-
ficiencies, and I should lik«i, for the government
of my own conduct, to know what is the number.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question put by my
friend, the Senator from Iowa, is good-naturedly
malicious. That is all thoie is of it. He knows
pei/ectly well that I do not know, he does not
know, and nobody on God's earth does know
how many men we have got in our employ; at
any rate, we cannot get the information. But we
do know that this appropriation is necessary to
pay those whom we have, according to the esti-
mates of the proper depaitmont. We all know
the fact that there are a great many more men m
the service than were originally supposed to be
provided for. I cannot tell how many. I have
not examined the subject. The pioper person to
call upon is my honorable friend on my right, the
chairman of the Committee on Mihraiy Affairs,
who probably can explain that matter, or some of
the gentlemen on that committee,
j Mr. GRIMES. 1 am willing to let the remark
i of the Senator from Maine, that my question was
j a malicious one, go for whatever it is worth.
: Mr. FESSENDEN. I said good-naturedly
| malicious.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care what adjective is
added to it. I suppose it is my business, when I
am called on to vote an appropriation for a spe-
cific purpose, to know exactly the data upon which
the appropriation is to be voted. If it is to vote i
pay, I ought to know the number of men that it
is to pay; and I supposed the Senator was able to
inform us, or else he would not have been able to
get the exact amount that it was necessary for us
to appropriate. I have been in pursuit of this
kind of information ever since this session began,
and I have not been able to discover within one
hundred thousand of the number of men that we
have enlisted in the public service to-day. Some-
times we have it at five hundred thousand, and
sometimes it is up as high as six hundred and
seventy-two thousand; and as we are on this sub-
ject, and I am turned over to the Senator from
Massachusetts, I will most respectfully ask him
what is the number that we have to pay by this
bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
the Senator from Iowa is certainly aware, for he
has before this taken opportunity to ascertain,
that I cannot give him a positive answer. I will
state as my judgment, from all the facts in my
possession, that we have to-day in the Army
of the United States from five hundred thousand
to five hundred and twenty thousand men. i do
not believe it varies more than ten or fifteen thou-
sand from that number.
Mr. SHERMAN. How many regiments ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Something
less than six hundred. I think we have gotsome-
where about from five hundred thousand to five
hundred and twenty thousand men in the Army
of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs that I have
now an authentic list of the Ohio regiments. There
are eighty-seven Ohio regiments now in the ser-
vice of the United States. I have no doubt, there-
fore, that the whole number of regiments in the
service is between seven and eight hundred. I
have an authentic statement from the adjutant
general of Ohio, giving the names and number of
the regiments from that State. There are seventy-
nine regiments of infantry, six regiments of cav-
alry, and two regiments of artillery, besides a
vciy large irregular force of cavalry and artillery,
squadronsand batteries, notattached to regiments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
how the Senate could be informed about a matter
that was only reported this morning. The Sen-
ator from Maine thinks we ought to know all
about it; he says the House bill has been upon
our tables; but we have a committee of the Sen-
ate^ very distinguished committee of the Senate,
to examine these bills, and we have no right to
( suppose that they would repoit the bill back as it
i came fiom the House, and we had no opportunity
to see what they would report. It is brought m
here in the morning hour, an appropriation of up-
wards of thirty millions of dollars, the rules are
suspended, and it is asked that the bill be passed
at once; and we are told it has been on our tables
for thirty days. It has not been on our tables at
| ail from the committee of the Senate until this
j moment, and we are not in the habit of examin-
j mg measures which are before the committees;
! they do not come before us until they are repott-
ed. Now, when it does come here, arid we have
the bill before us, what is our condition ? I wish
to call the attention of the Senate and the country
to the action of the Congress of the United States.
We are asked to vote millions and hundreds of
millions of the people's money without knowing
upon what basis we do it. We have discovered
now, sir, by a statement from the chairman of the
committee, that he knows nothing as to the num-
ber of men we have in the field; and yet he brings
a bill here appropriating thirty millions of money
as a deficit, to make up a deficit in the payment
of volunteeis, without knowing how many vol-
unteers there are.
What is the basis of this large appropriation,
which is more than twice as much as it took to
carry on th<-  Government a few years ago? The
basis of it is that in the formal estimates which
the Department sent us, they underestimated the
number of volunteers. Well ,if they underestimated
the number, it is necessary to have an additional
sum to pay for the increased number. When we
ask how much is it necessary to have, we are told,
" Enough to pay for the increased number of vol-
unteers." How much is that? The Senator
says, t(I do not know;" and when a Senator asks
the question, he thinks it is good-naturedly mali-
cious to make such an inquiry. Now, what is
