1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
There you will find twenty together, and not any
ventilation at all. You cannot make the jail any
better by putting it under the control of somebody
else. The evil is a radical one, and must be rem-
edied by an appropriation, either to alter the jail,
if that is possible, or to build a new one. There
is no drainage, no sewerage, nothing by which
anybody can try to make it such a jail asit ought
to be.
Now, shall we permit it longer to go on? Shall
we take some other time as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee? Is not now the time, and
the best time to reform what has been said to be a
stench in the nostrils of everybody ? It seems to
me*that we ought to do it, and wc ought not to
throw it upon somebody else. It is our jail, our
institution, and why should we not take it in hand?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
ought to-day either to make a new jail or put a
provision is this act that no pei son shall hereafter
be confined in the present jail; it ought no longer
be used to imprison a human being in. It is not
a question of administration. If the jail was well
administered, I think it would be a decided im-
provement upon what it is; but no man on earth
can make this prison what it ought to be. It was
built m another age; we have outgrown it alto-
gether; and it is pronounced by men who have
witnessed the prisons of the world to be about the
worst prison to be found on the globe. A French
commission visited it during the last few months,
and the head of that commission said to one of
till? keepers, after he had visited it, th«t he had
traversed most of the nations, examining prisons,
and he had never found but one prison so bad as
this; and this is our prison, built by us, admin-
istered by us, for which wc, the people of the
United States, are responsible before the nations
and before God. 1 hope wc shall build a new
prison, or else that we shall forbid the use of this
prison to immure any human being on earth.
This is not a question of administration. It is
not a question to make a new marshal. If it was,
I would vote for it just as heartily as I vote for
the new prison; but it is a question to build a new
prison, and I believe the moral, humane, and
Christian sentiment of this country will justify :
and sanctify the expenditure of §100,000 e\en in
this crisis of the country, to ercct a prison that
shall be fit for the country and the age in which
wc live.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messr«. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Chandler,
Chu lc, Oollamer. Davis. Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessonden, Foot,
Foster, Gurnet, Hale. Hailan. Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kennedy, Latham, McDou«a!l, Monill, Peaice, Pomeroy,
Powell,"Kice. Simmons, Stunnci, 'IV n E\ck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilinot, Wilsonot Massachu-
setts, and Wilson of I\Ii> ouri—36. *
NAYS—Me&<rs. llarn*=. Johnson, King, Lane of Indiana,
SauNbury, Sheiman, and Staik—7.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire now to renew the
amendment which I moved in committee, and
which was then rejected:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Piesidont shall ap-
point in the Department of the Intenoi, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a competent peison, who
shall be called the A^Mant Secretary of the Interior,whose .
alaiv shall be $3,000, payable in the same manner as the :
salary of the Seeictaiy of the Interior, who .shall peilotm i
such dunes in the Department of the Interior a-^ shall be
ntescubed bv the Sccietaiyor may be requued by law, and
who shall act as the Secretary of thelnteuorin the absence
of that officer.
Mr. HARLAN. I send to the desk and ask for
the reading of a letter addressed to the chairman |
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the i
House of Representatives by the Secretary of the I
Interior, which explains the object of the amend- ;
ment.
The Secretary read the following letter: |
Department of the Interior, :
February lo. 186*2. ]
Sir: At the fn-t session of the present Congro^s 1 had j
the honoi to present for jour consultation a mqucst that I
Con«jre«s should provide fur the appointment of an Assist- j
ant Seeietary of tins Depattment. j
The necessity of such an officer f oi the coi rcetand prompt ,
dischaige of the duties of the Department has been felt by :
eveiy ^eci-'taiy since its organization, and, as will be seen
by a leference to then lepoi t-, all have recommended a pro-
vision of law to authorize such an appointment. Appeals
aie taken to the Seeietar) fiom the lieci-iou^of the Land
Office, the Pension Ofiiee, and the Indian Office, m ca-es
involving not only questions affecting the public mteieslfc,
but frequently important pnvate interests of gieat extent.
The decision of these questions lequnes the examination
of large masses of testimony, the argument of counsel, and
of legal authorities, which impose upon the Secretary more
labor than can be properly pei formed by any maw. The
a«sistance whicli the Secietary may donvc fiom the labor
of the clerks in the Department is not of a character which
can lelicve him of much of the labor requited. He needs
the aid of a good lawjer of industry and practical business
talent, who can examine the eases presented for the decis-
ion of the Secretary on appeal, and present the legal ques-
tions involved with the authoiiUes bearing upon them. A
person possessing iho requisite talent and legal knowledge
lor the proper discharge of this duty, cannot be employed
as a mete clerk. The position of an Assistant Secretary,
with a salary of $3,UOO, would command the requisite qual-
ifications. 1 deem it my duty, theiefore, to again recom-
mend that piovision be made by law for the appointment
by the Piesident, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, of an Assistant Secretary of the Interior Department,
with a salary of $3,000, who shall perform such duties as
shall be assigned to him by the Secretary.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretary of the Interior.
Hoh.Thadpeus Stevens, Chairman Committee J Fays and.
Means of House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that if this question is
understood by the Senate there will be but little
opposition to the amendment. 1 will state a very
few facts in regard to it. In the first place, every
other head of a Department connected wfth this
Government has one 01- more assistant secretaries.
We have an Assistant Secretary of State, an As-
sistant Attorney General, an Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, an Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, three Assistant Secretaries of War, and
three Assistant Postmasters General. The Sen-
ate has one standing committee on each of those
subjects, but on the business that comes under re-
view by the Secretary of the Interior we have no
less than five standing committees—the Commit-
tees on Pensions, on Indian Affairs, 011 Public
Lands, on Private Land Claims, and on Patents
and the Patent Office. The business that arises
under several of these bureaus is enormous. I
shall speak of one alone, with which I am ac-
quainted. There are various legal questions that
have to be adjudicated by the Secretary of the In-
tenor with regard to private land grants, school
lands, railroad grants, university grants, salt
spring grants, land warrants, swamp lands, and
; appropriations of lands to aid 111 the construction
1 of canals and the improvement of livers.
I Although the sales of the public lands have been
i greatly diminished, the questions that arise under
] these laws, I have 110 doubt, have been greatly
augmented during the embarrassments that now
I prevail, for every individual who has a claim
! against the Government is presenting it. I can-
not speak with the same familiarity of tlie busi-
ness that is under the review of the other four
committees to which I have referred; but I may
state, in connection with this, that I think the
House of Representatives has six standing com-
mittees 011 the business that comes under the re-
view of the Secretary of the Interior. The amount
of money involved is but $.3,000—about the sttlary
of two second-class clerks. The Secretary needs
this officer, and his predecessors have said so,
each, irom the organization of that Department to
the present time, and it seems to me a little singu-
lar if Senators can hesitate to give him what he
demands. I may state that lie has been retrench-
i ing the expenses of the Depaitment very largely.
He has dismissed no less than forty-eight clerks
1 111 the Land Office alone, and I think he has as
largely reduced the number in proportion in the
! other bureaus. I mention this to show that the
! Secretary is not making this demand for the pur-'
\ pose of patronage, because he is reducing hispat-
; ronage as largely as is possible underthe present
j embarrassed condition of the country.
! Mr. WILKINSON. I do not believe that the
; Secretary of the Interior can discharge his duties
' faithfully, and at the same time investigate prop-
erly and carefully all the legal questions thatcome
before him. 1, myself, in one preemption case
| which came before the Secretary of the Interior,
i expended two weeks in taking testimony in the
i State of Wisconsin, and it was brought up to the
; Secretary of the Interiorwithamassof testimony.
' Ordinarily, heretofore, the Secretary of the Inte-
i rior has been obliged to leave these important
; cases to be decidedly clerks, for he had no time
! to attend to them. It seems to me that after this
1 war shall close, which I hope will bo very soon,
' the Interior Department will have more business
before it than any other Department of this Gov-
: ernment. The legal questions that are brought
before the Secretary of the Interior to determine
in connection with the Indian Office, and the Land
Office, and the Pension Office, are such that no
man can discharge his duties faithfully as Secre-
tary and be obliged to investigate personally all
the cases that come before him. It seems to me
that it would be a very wise provision to adopt
this amendment. , -
Mr. HARRIS. The result of my own obser-
vations during my short.residence in Washing-
ton, and my familiarity with the Departments,
leads me to concur entirely in the remarks made
by the two Senators who have addressed the Sen-
ate. I believe, from what I have seen and ob-
served, that the Interior Department requires an
Assistant Secretary as much as any other Depart-
ment in the administration of the Government. I
am, therefore, without repeating what has been
said by those Senators, entirely in favor of this
proposition. I think it is an unjust discrimina-
tion against that Department to give all the other
Executive Departments an Assistant Secretary
and deprive the Secretary of the Interior of an as-
sistant, who, I think, needs one quite as much as
any other Secretary.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
six, noes not counted.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, It be to
meet on Monday next.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that a member
of the Senate be placed upon the Committee on
Indian Affairs, in the place of Mr. Lane, of Kan-
sas, who is absent.
Mr. FOSTER. Does the Senator refer to the
brigadier general?
i\dr. HALE. He will be here in a day or two.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that he will
not be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin ? Is it that Mr.
Lane, of Kansas, be discharged from further
service as a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that he be dis-
charged from further service upon the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and that the Chair appoint a
member in his place.
Mr. HALE. I only want to say that I saw
yesterday a colonel, whose name I have forgotten,
who came direct from Kansas; and he told me
that General Lane would be here in his seat in
the Senate within two or three days. Under these
circumstances, I hope this motion will be post-
poned.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have seen gentlemen
from there who have received a telegram (and that
comes faster than a man can travel) saying that
he is not coming.
Mr. WILKINSON. I saw last night Colonel
Delahay, whom I know very well, who came right
from General Lane, and he told me that he would
be here the last of this week.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As there is such a strong
conviction on the part of gentlemen here that Mr.
Lane is coming back in a few days, 1 shall not
press the motion now. I withdraw it.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to take up the spe-
cial order that has been passed over to-day, the
bill of the Co"mmittoe on the Judiciary (S. No.
151) to confiscate the property and free the slaves
of rebels.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move now that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Fkiday, Fchruanj 28, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MILITIA RETURNS.
The SPEAKEPt laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
