1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
the Committee on the Judiciary is that the Senate
do not concur in the House amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So it appears
from the report of the committee. The question
is on concurring in the amendments of the House
of Representatives. These will be taken up stria-
timt unless by common consent the question be
taken on all the amendments together.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senate is not full now.
I think the matter had better lie on the table for
the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to press it
unless Senators are willing that it shall be acted
on.
Mr. GRIMES. It had better lie over until the
Senate is full.
M r. WRIGHT. I move that the subject lie on
the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
530) granting a pension to Lawrence P. N.Lan-
drum, of Taylor county, Kentucky, reported it
without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of
Louisa Albert Byrne, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 290) for the relief of Thomas Young and
George Young, owners of the schooner Elizabeth
Mary, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of'Fanny Mac-
tier Smith, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 371) for the relief of Fanny Mactier
Smith, widow of Major General Charles Fergu-
son Smith. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
prin ted.
CHANGE OF NAME OF A VESSEL.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 94) to change the name of the schooner
Sally McGee to that of Ocean Queen, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend its*
passage; and as it is simply to change the name of
a rebel vessel that has been seized, I ask that it
may now be considered and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported -to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and parsed.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew my motion
to take up Senate bill No. 360.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded, to consider
the bill (S. No. 360) to grant the proceeds of the
sales of certain public lands*to aid in the construc-
tion of a northern Pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length, unless the leading be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill is precisely ver-
batim as it was offered by me as an amendment
to the Pacific railroad bill, and on its being passed
upon by the Senate 1 introduced it as a separate
measure, with the exception of one amendment,
which is in Italics on the 3d page. A t the time it
was before the Senate as an amendment to the
other bii) I stated us provisions. I ask that the
amendment on the 3d page be read, and the other
sections can be read if any one desires it.
Tfie PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill has
been reported from the committee with an amend-
ment, and that amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, on page 3,
at the end of section two, to add the following:
•And provided further, That no money shall be diawn
from the Treasury of the United State*, to aid in the con-
struction of the said northern Pacific railroad, exceptsuch
sum as.may be realized Iiojii the sale of the public lands
described in this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
CUSTOMS OFFICERS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that all prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 275.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
directs the officers in charge of the several doors
in the galleries to see thatorder ispreserved in all
parts of the gallery, and that no audible conver-
sation shall be allowed; and any person disre-
garding such order shall be removed without fur-
ther notice. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from New York to suspend all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 275, to increase the compensation of the
surveyors of the customs at Albany and Troy,
in the State of New York, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARRIS. In printing the biil,theamended
bill as reported by the Committee on Commerce is
contained in brackets, and is in Roman charac-
ters, while the original bill is printed in Italics.
They are transposed, and it will only be neces-
sary that the amendment reported by the com-
mittee be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of the com-
mittee, as follows:
That the compensation ofthe surveyors of the customs at
Albany and Troy, in the State of New York, be, and the
same is hereby, increased to the sum of $500 per annum
for eacli of said officers.
Sec. 2. Andbc it further enacted, That any pei>uu who
may be appointed deputy collector or inspector for one of
the said ports may a bo perforin the duties of collector or
inspector of the other ot said ports under the diiection ot
the collector of New York: Provided, That alter the pas-
sage of this act, there shall be but one deputy collector and
inspector tor the said poit*, who shall be the deputy col-
lector and inspector for the porta both of Troy and Albany,
and theie shall be two surveyors, one for the port of Al-
bany, and one for the port of Troy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and it was read the third time, and passed.
CONGRESSMEN INTERESTED. IN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill (S. No. 358) to pre-
vent members of Congress and officers of the Gov-
ernment of the United States from taking consid-
eration for procuring contracts from the United
States.
"The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if the printed bill has come in.
Mr. POWELL. I am not advised whether it
has or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A substitute was reported
yesterday for the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
advised by the chief clerk that the bill has not
yet been returned from the office of the printer.
Mr. TRUMRULL. I am for proceeding with
it, but if the printed bill is not here, we had better
lay it aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is imprac-
ticable to proceed with its consideration at this
time.
Mr. POWELL. Of course we cannot proceed
with it if it is not here; but when it comes in I
shall move to take it up.
SLAVE TRADE TREATY.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S. No.
352) to carry into effect the treaty between the
United States and her Britannic Majesty for the
suppression of the African slave trade, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
To carry into effect the provisions of the treaty
between the United States and ITSr Britannic Maj-
esty for the suppression ofthe African slave trade,
the President is to nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate to appoint, a
judge and also an arbitrator on the part of the Uni-
ted States to reside at New York: a judge and also
an arbitrator to reside at Sierra Leone; and a judge
and also an arbitrator to reside at the Cape of Good
Hope. The judge at New York is to be paid at
the rate of $2,500, and the arbitrator there at the
rate of $1,000, the judges at Sierra Leone and the
Cape of Good Hope,$2,500 a year, respectively,
and the arbitrators at these two places at the rate
~:,QOO a year, respectively, the salaries to begin
with the acceptance of their commissions by the
judges and arbitrators respectively. . .
The judge of the court at New York is to have
power to appoint a clerk or' registrar, who shall
receive such fees for his services as are allowed by
law to the clerk of the court of the United States
for the southern district of New York; and the
marshal of the southern district of New York is to
serve all processes and execute all orders and de-
crees of the court, for which he is to be allowed
fees in the discretion of the judge.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to record my vote
against this bill, and my reason for it is this: Ido
not object to the suppression of the African slave
trade, but I do not believe that this Government
has the constitutional right to establish any such
court. I think the treaty ought not to have been
adopted. There is no power under the Constitu-
tion for the establishment of such a court outside
of the United States. Inasmuch as I entertain that
opinion, 1 simply wish to record my vote against
the passage of this bill for that reason, and that
reason alone. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the bill
has reached that stage, the Chair will put the ques-
tion on the demand for the yeas and nays.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It occurs to me that in the
third section it may be well to make a slight amend-
ment at any rate. The third section provides for
the fees of the clerk to be appointed by the judge of
the court at New York, and declares that'he shall
receive such fees for his services as are allowed
by law to the clerk of the court of the United
States for the southern district of New York. I
suppose that means " such fees as arc allowed for
similar services." Would it not be well to put in
those words, "for similar services?"
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it reads, 1 should hardly
know what he would be paid. I move, after the
words " allowed by law to the clerk of the court
of the United States for the southern district of
New York," to insert " for similar services."
The amendment was agieed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and it was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon the pas-
sage of the bill the .Senator from Delaware called
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I withdraw the .call for
the yeas and nays, so as not to put the Senate to
trouble.
Mr. HOWARD. I renew the call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 34,
nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes^enden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Moirill,
Nesnmli, Pearce. Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wright
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Kennedy, Powell, and Sauls-
bury—4.
So the bill was passed.
GUN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
jResolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate the report of Hon. Joseph Holt and Hon.
Robert Dale Owen, commissioners to investigate ordnance
and gun contracts; and that he transmit to the Senate all
the evidence taken by said commissioners touching the
contracts investigated by them.
PRINTING OF TAX BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T am constantly written
to for copies of the tax bill which has been re-
cently passed, and it is very important that it
should be disseminated in the country. 1 there-
fore move that five thousand copies of the recent
fax bill which has passed both Houses be printed
for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
goes to the Committee on Printing.
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to take up the bill for
the admission of Western Virginiainto the Union
as a State, and I shall ask for its consideration
now.
