THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ting the annual return of the militia; which was
referred to the Committee on the Militia, and or-
dered to be printed.
VIRGINIA ELECTION JOSEPH SUGAR.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask permission of the House
to make a statement in behalf of Colonel Segar,
who was lately a memorialist asking for a seat in
this House. *
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I send to the Clerk's desk a re-
port of some remarks which I offered in the House
when the case of Mr. Segar was up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"I say, Mi'- Speaker, that the only paper which this gen-
tleman presented here, on the strength of which he asked
to by sworn in and to take his seat, and 021 the strength of
which the Hou-so referied the case to the Committee of
Elections, was simply the paper which 1 hold in my hand,
ft is a ceitificatc in these words:
" I ceiufy that the above is a correct register of the votes
polled at Hampton, Virginia, this 24th day of Octobei,186L
u ALEX. WOItRALL, Clerk.
"We, the undersigned, freeholders of Elizabeth City
county. State of Virginia, do heieby ceitify that the above
election was conducted agjeeably to the call ol F. tl. Pier-
pont, Governor of the State of Virginia, by piockinuition
issued the 12th day of October, A. 1>. 1861.
"THOMAS DOBBINS.
"T. S. TENNIS.
" I hereby certify that the above Thomas Dobbins and
Theodoie S. Tennis were duly sworn by me as judges of
election held at Hampton, Elizabeth City county, State 01
Virginia, this 2<ith day of Oetoboi, 1861.
« CAPTAIN N. M. BURLEIGII,
" li)0i0st Marshal at Camp Hamilton.
"Witness:
" William Hartlltt, Teller.
"The two men who held the election at Hampton, the
place of icsidence 01 the niemounlisr, where lie Iceepx .1
hotel, and nheie theie weie gatbeied together twenty-live
votes for hurt in a bov, eeitiiy to the Jact that twenty-five
votes wete oast foi him then and theie. lie took tha'l cer-
tificate, brought it here, and asked to be sworn in. The
House, in its wiMioni, refened him and the certificate to
the Committee of Elections, to inquire into the merits of
that election. The committee pioceeded to di>ehaige that
duty The claimant submitted to the committee the evi-
dence on winch he claimed Ins cent. He subsequently ob-
tained tiom tiicse men a codicil to their ceitificate. That
codicil t will read to the House:
"And we do fuithei ceitily that there was no poll opened
at any othei precinct in said county, and that >0 iar as we
can learn and confidently believe, theie was 110 poll opened
oreleetion held for mcmbei ol'Congres^ m any othei county
or eily or town ot said fiist congressional district, owing to
the tact that all the other counties and elector pieemets ot
eaul eongi'vsioiuii dutnet W( re, on the 21th day of October
last, within the lino and ttndei the influence and eontiol
of the seceding and icbel Htate-*; and we do further eomty
th.it at (In- eleetion held in pun-nance of the proclamation
afoiesmd, at flmnpion, on iltt-i 21th day of October, 1KJI,
in the said county of Elizabeth City, which is one of the
counties composing the tif-t concessional district of the
St.tte ot Viiguiia, Jo-cpb >kVgnr, Esq., having received all
the votes polled, was duiv eh cted to icpiesent the said hist
diMiict in the Cougiess ot the United Staler
•{ Given underom bands and seats this 29th day of Octo-
ber, 1861.
" ALEXANDER WOHRALL. [sfai. 1
"THOMAS DOBIHNS. [seal.]
"T. S. TliNNIsJ. [scat,.]
<£ Having procured tins certificate and this deekuation
on the pait of these three men that he had been elected,
Mr. riegai takes it to theGoveinor alter he had had a heal-
ing beloie the committee. Tiie Governor. 011 the Mieugth
of it, issued a paper, which is by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr, MaynaudJ and bv the gentleman from K>n-
tuek\ [Mr. Cuim-.NDi-.N] pronounced conclusive on tin.-
House
Mr. DAWES. The HttUement which I desire
to make on behalf of Mr. Segar is this—that al-
though it is true that the only paper which he
presented as his credentials asking to be sworn in,
is the one which I have referred to there, still he had
the other certificate in his possession at the time.
He had brought the wrong paper*to file House,
leaving the other inadvertently in his trunk. Hav-
ing presented that one, and the House having
referred his case to the Committee of Elections
and ordered that paper to !>e printed, he came to
the House the next day with the second paper in
older to have it substituted for the first. He was
informed, however, that the other paper had, by
order of the House, gone to the pi inter. lie de-
sires to be put right on the record, to that effect.
I desire further to state for him, that he did not
go to Governor Pierpont for his proclamation.
Governor Pierpont voluntarily offered to i>ive him
the proclamation. The only communication lie
had wrtli him was by udegiaph—telegraphing to
him to send him on his proclamation. These
papers he had in his possession before he had a
healing before the Committer* of Elections. I
stafed there that he brought them afterwards. In
point of fact he had them at the time, and they
were ordered by the House to be printed.
I desire to state further for him that, in point of
fact he was not the keeper of a hotel at Hampton,
but was part owner of a hotel at Old Point, which
was earned on exclusively by his partner in busi-
ness, and which he had no control of.
One thing further, and I think I will have made
all the explanation he desires. In the course of
my remarks I called the attention of the House
to the fact that lie cited a law of the State of Vir-
ginia to show that his certificate was in conformity
to law, omitting in his citation a part of the law
on which the whole question hinged. He desires
me to state to the House that he omitted that be-
cause he had supposed that it had no bearing on
the case; that he omitted it in good faith, and for
that reason. On that point the committee differed
with him; but it is due to him that he should have
the benefit of his statement before the House, that
he supposed it had no bearing on the case. I be-
lieve I have made the statement fully; if I have
omitted anything I will make the correction.
Mr. MAYNAJID. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to add this fact, that at the time of
the election, and previously thereto, Mr. Segarwas
not in the district. The election was the work of
Union men who desired to be represented, and
who chose Mr. fsjegar.
Mr. DAWES. I am glad to state what I am
reminded of by the gentleman from Tennessee,
that when the election took place Mr. Segar was
in New England, and had no knowledge of it till
he was informed of the proceedings by those who
participated in them.
F. A. BEELEN.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a hill for the relief of l<\ A. Beelon; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
1 united states cou11ts.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the reorganization of
the Supreme, circuit, and district courts of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Washington's farewell address.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Piinting:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of the
Farewell Address of (Jeoige Washington be printed for the
use of the House, and that the tnMee-., piofe-«ois, and
teachers of the dilleient colleger, academies, and common
schools in all the State* be respectfully icqucvted to have
said addics1- prominently placcd m theii icspective institu-
tions, where the same may be read, and wheie the lesson
of wisdom, patnoii-tn, and Union which it teaches mav be
indelibly impressed on the youthful minds of the country.
spanish bark providencta.
Mr. FISHER, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on foreign Affairs a bill for
the relief of the owners, officeis, and crew of the
Spanish bark Providencia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
territorial limits, etc., of nevada.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to extend the territorial
limits of Nevada and increasing the salaries of
certain otficers; which was read a fnstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
TERRITORIAL PRORATE COURTS.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to define the jurisdiction
of the probate courts in the Territories; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
nevada public lands.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to provide the manner
of surveying the public, lands m the Territory of
Nevada, ami for the sale thereof; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed
small notes in tiie district
Mr. F A. CONKLING. by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to repeal that part of the
act of Congress which prohibits the circulation of
bank notes of a less denomination than five dol-
lars in the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
NATIONAL ARMORIES AND FOUNDERIES.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the consent of the
House to report from the special committee on
national armories a joint resolution, with a view
of putting it on its passage at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let it be read first for
information.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that there shall be established within the Unrted
States one national foundery east of the Alleghany
mountains; and also one national foundery, one
national armory, and one manufacturing arsenal
west of the Alleghany mountains, and in the valley
of the Ohio and Mississippi; and that to that end,
a commission of five citizens be appointed by the
President to locate said founderies, armory, and
arsenal, who shall, within sixty days from the
time of their appointment, report to the Secretary
of War; that the Secretary of War shall, upon
the incoming of said commission, report the same
to Congress, together with an estimate of the
amount necessary for the establishment of said
founderies, armory, and arsenal; and that there
shall be appropriated to pay the expenses of said
commission, the sum of $5,000.
Mr. DELANO. I object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask, then, that it may
be made the special order for one week from to-
day.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I ask, then, that it may
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the report and ac-
companying documents, be ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was received, read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
(Jnion, and, with the report and accompanying
documents, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now ask that the joint
resolution be made the special order for this day
two weeks.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a minority report upon the
same subject, to be referred and printed with the
report of the majority of the committee.
There being no objection, the minority report
was received, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be punted.
william ii. van horn.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of William H. Van
Horn; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
robert m'lntiile.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Robert Mclntire;
which was read a first and second time, and're-
ferrcd to the Committee for the Districtof Colum-
bia.
engineer volunteers.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration, as a special order, of
House bill No. 254, to authorize the employment
of engineer volunteers, with amendments.
The bill was read hi extenso. The first section
authorizes the President of the United States to
accept the services of, or select and transfer from
other regiments, a number of engineer volunteers
m the proportion of one company tu every brigade
in the service; such engineer volunteers to serve
for such time as the President may direct, not ex-
ceeding three years nor less than six months, and
to be disbanded at the end of the present war.
The second section provides that they shall be
subject to the rules and regulations go\ermn^ the
Army of the United States, and shall be divided
into regiments, and fixes the number of officers,
non-commissioned officers, and puvatesin such
icgiments
The thud section provides that the Governors
of the States furnishing said engineer volunteers
