1S02.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
102B
shall commission the field, staff, and company
officcis; but where the State authorities fail to
make such appointments, or in case of vacancies
occurring through death, resignation, or other-
wise, tho*Prcsidont shall make appointments to fill
the vacancies.
Section four provides that the officers,non-com-
missioned officers, and privates of said engineer
volunteers shall, in all respects, be placed on the
same footing, as to pay and allowances, bounty,
pensions, &c., as engineer officers and men of the
regular Aimy.
The fifth scction provides that the officers, non-
commissioned officers, and privates heretofore
mustered m.to service as engineers, or sappers and
miners,shall, in all respects, be placed on the same
footingas to pay, orallowanccs,bounty,pension,
&c., as the engineer officers, non-commissioned
officers, and privates of the regular Army, and
shall be paid as such for services already rendered.
The Committee on Military Affairs icported to
amend by striking from the third section of the
bill the following words:
The Governor of the Status furnishing engineer volun-
teers, under tins net, shall commission the field, staff, and
company officers i equate for said engineer volunteer; but
in case^'ulieie the State authouties lail to make Mich ap-
pointment-, or m the event of vacancies occumng fioin
death, ie-K:uat!on. or otherwise, of oflieei,« comim.-sioned
by Governor of said States, the President shall make ap-
pointments to Jill <ili vacancies.
And inserting as follows:
The President of the United States shall commission the
field, staff, and company officers requisite for thc^aid engi-
neer volunteers.
Mr. WILSON. I was satisfied when this bill
was reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs the other day, and the attempt wds made
to hutry it through without consideration, that it
had a deeper meaning than appeared upon the face
of it. 1 have, from investigations made since that
time, satisfied my mind fully that the Dill has a
deeper meaning than there appears upon its face.
Now, sir, the effect of this bill is an lnuease
of the present miliUuy force of the country from
eighteen thousand to twenty-five thousand men.
The first section of the bill provides that
k'Tho Pi opulent be, and N hereby, authorized to accept
the services, or select and tiansfet Iromothct icjriments,
a number of engineer volunleets, in the proportion of one
company to eveiy biigade m s^ivioc."
Now, sir, I understand that we have from 011c
hundred and fifty to two hundred brigades in se*
vice, and consequently we shall have an increase
in the number of men equal to the nurnbet em-
braced in each company, multiplied by the num-
ber of brigades in the service. The number of
men and officers m each company, as provided in
the second section of the bill, will be one hun* \
dred and twenty-five, which, if the number of j
brigades be one hundred and fifty, will give an |
entire number of nineteen thousand men; or, if ;
the numbei of brigades be two hundred, as stated ;
by some gentlemen, U will give an aggregate m- i
crease of twenty-five thousand two hundred and ;
twenty men. There is, therefore, an attempt to
increase the military force of the country now in
service to this very large extent for some purpose. ,
What that purpose may be, 1 cannot state upon .
any good authority or with certainty; but 1 can |
give my opinion. i
On the 24th day of January an act was passed
by Congress, authorizing the P>esident of the j
United States to assume control of the telegiaph 1
and railroad lines in the United States. In that j
bill, a provision has been discovered which au- ;
thorizes the President of the United States to ex-
tend , repair, or complete railroads. Under that
provision, the Govei nment lias, I understand, c/m-
tracted for the extension of a railroad from Nich-
olasville, Kentucky, to Knoxviiie, Tennessee, a 1
distance, as 1 am informed, of some one luindied
and eighty nules. And I am not only mfoimed
that the contract has been made, but I am^in-
formed that a nomination has been pent to the Sen-
ate of a gentleman by the name of Stone, as brig-
adier general of railroads.
Now, sit, putting these facts together, when we
find tins bill introduced for the purpose of organ-
izing a force of some eighteen to twenty-five thou-
sand men, engineers, the mfi renee we may fairly
draw from these facts is that it is to this^force
the brigadier general of railroads is to look for his
command. For what purpose, i ask, is this ioice
to be oigamzed, if it has no connection with this
railroad which the Government has contracted to
construct? What other connection can it have?
If it is not intended, in other words, to organize
a force of laborers under the laws of the United
States, to be governed by the rules and regulations
governing the Army, then I cannot see what this
bill means. It certainly cannot mean that it is
necessary to organize this force for the purpose
of erecting fortifications, for our soldiers have al-
ready erected those which are needed upon our
frontier, and our Army has already penetrated into
the heart of the enemy's country.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Iowa to state that the Government
has made a contract to build a railroad fromNich-
olasville to Knoxville ?
Mr. WILSON. I only state that I have been
so informed. I do not know whether that is the
fact or not. I have been informed that the Gov-
ernmenthas made such a contract. Idonotknow
whether the contract has been made, or whether
the Government intends to carry on the work
without a contract.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. From what source does
the gentleman get his information?
Mr. WILSON. From a source that satisfies
mv mind that such a contract or project is now
contemplated by the Government.
Mr. HUTCHINS. As the gentleman from
Iowa is a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and seems to have investigated this subjcct,
I desire to ask him a question. I want to know
by what law the President lias appointed a briga-
dier general of railroads?
Mr. WILSON I do not know by what law
that has been done. I do not know that he has
been appointed a brigadier general of railroads.
My information is that a person has been ap-
pointed t<f the rank of brigadier general for the
purpose of taking control of this forcc. That is
my information.
Mi. STEVENS. I suppose the fact is this: wc
passed a law by which we authorized the Presi-
dent to take possession of all railroads and to ex-
tend them. I understand that it is designed by
the W«u Department to extend this railroad just
as the gentleman from Iowa has suggested, and
further, in order to give the engineer who super-
intends it, military authority over it, Mr. Stone has
been appointed brigadier general—not ofrailroads,
but brigadier general, and has been assigned to
that puimxilcir duty. I learn that to be the fact
fiom autluntic sources.
Mr. WILSON. That is substantially my state-
ment. He is to have control of this forcc—I mean
ihe force provided for by this bill, which is to be
used forthe purpose ofconstructmgthis railway.
Ovi r this foiee and this road Mr. Stone, who has
been appointed a brigadier general, is to preside
in a military capai ity. There is another thing
which confirms what I lune a'neady said.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I was not present
in the House when this question came up.^ It is
a bill reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. It came up the fast thing in
older this morning, as the special order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understand the
gentleman from Iowa to say that this bill is re-
ported for the purpose of organizing volunteer
( ngineer corps, to be used for the construction of
tiic lailroad winch has been spoken or.
Mr. WILSON. I say that my belief is that
the force provided for in this bill is to be used for
that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say, in re-
sponse to thai, that there is no foundation for that
i belief—none whatever. The first recommenda-
tion which came to the Committee on Military
Affairs in regard to this railroad, came from Gen-
eral Halleck, of Missouri A regiment of volun-
;i teer engim ers, as is well known, was organized
■ in the State of Missouii immediately after the ad-
journment of the last session of Congress. It was
; i considered essential for the service m that quarter.
I think, a-so, two orthrecindependcntcompauies
, of pon toniei s or engineer soldiers have been uiiscd
'! theie, and put into the field. They were organ-
ized because it was impossible to move the aimy
across the country without lia\ nig engineei sol-
; diers to make loads, and to throw bridges across
\ streams. Up to that time there was not an engi-
'i neer soldier m the whole western department.
' The same necessity exists in Kentucky. I do
not know that "there are any engineer soldiers
there now. I think I can hazard the declaration
upon this floor that, although there may be one
or two of the regular engineer officers in that de-
partment of the West, yet there is not a single
regular engineer soldier there. That is a factrsir. •
They have not had any engineer force there,
and what was the result? Ihe infantry force
was compelled to be used for the performance of
the labor usually done by the engineer force, such
as throwing upheld works, bridgesacross streams,
erecting fortifications, &c. Under the regulations
of the Army, infantry soldiers employed on that
work are allowed forty cents each per day extra
pay. In the opinion which General Halleck gives
me on this subject, he states that it will be more
economical to have this volunteer engineer organ-
ization than to be compelled to pay the additional
sum to infantry soldiers of forty cents per day
each while they are employed on that work.
Before the opening of this Congress, certainly
before the opening of the present session, General
Lyon organized one company of sappers and
miners, which are the same thing as the engineer
corps. General Fremont organized a regiment of
cngineersoldiersin the western department, under
thesanction, I believe, of the War Department. It
was organized and raised after the adjournment
of the last session of Congress. I understand that
four or five companies of an engineer regiment, or
a regiment of sappers and miners, raised in New
York are now i\t Hilton Head or Port Royal, and
have been of great use. 1 learn that one of those
companies was recently successful in carrying
guns across a swampy island, and establishing a
powerful battery upon that island, so as to com-
mand the navigation of the Savannah river, and
to cut off the communications of Fort Pulaski. I
also know that there is another regiment of engi-
neers now stationed near this city, and which has
been doing duty m the field. My knowledge on
this subject does not extend to the department of
Kentucky, under General Buell. I do not know
whether there is an organization of that kind
there or not, but 1 suppose there is.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. 1 can answer
that question. I will say, m regard to the division
of General Buell in Kentucky, that he has a regi-
ment of engineers. That legiment comes from
Michigan, and are now engaged in Kentucky in
the work belonging to engineer soldiers.
And I will say, with the permission of the gen-
tleman, that I saw Genera! Halleck at St. Louis
a few days ago, and he told me that the passage
of this bill was of the utmost importance in an
economical pointof view, as well as for other rea-
sons. They want these engineer soldiers in all
divisions of the Army for the purpose of enabling
them to move lapidly through the country by
building bridges, roads, &c. He told me that
these engineer soldiers are indispensably neces-
sary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 had no doubt that
there was such a corps of engineers with General
Buell's division of the aimy in Kentucky, but I
did not know it in such a way as to enable me to
state the fact with certainty. I know that the
Government has given its sanction to these lcgt-
ments, because I know that they are necessary to
the efficiency of the service. So the gentleman
from Iowa is misinformed, or misapprehends the
tru * state of the case.
Mr. WILSON. The statement that the gen-
tleman has made has not changed my opinion of
this bill. I do not charge, sir, that the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs have reported this bill for
the purpose of organizing a force for the consti no-
tion of a lailroad; but I do contend that the cflect
of this bill will be that the forcc raised under it
will be used for that purpose.
The gentleman speaks of volunteer regiments
now in the service. I have no objection to tnat.
I admit that they are of benefit to the service, and
that such organizations are necessary, but no pro-
vision of this bill, as originally introduced, had
refeienee to them. The amendment reported by
the gentleman, I believe, on Monday last, had no
provision in it concei ning the officers and men now
in the scs vies as attached to the engineer corps, but
it simply related to the organization of this addi-
tional force. The President of the United States
is authorized to organize that additional lorce
without taking a single man from any of the regi-
ments now in the service. He is to take them
