1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7.
wages to two master's mates on board the United
States ship Warren employed at Mare Island, in
California.
Mr. KING. Is there any report or statement
accompanying that bill?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will read the report
made by the Senator from Rhode Island on a pre-
vious occasion, which I thought would serve in-
stead of a written leport now:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the peu'tiou of D. C. Farragut, Uavmg bad the same under
consideration, report:
That it appears from facts before your committee the pe-
titioner, a captain in the Navy, was in command of the
navy-yard at Mare Island, California, from the 9rh day of
August, 18o4, to the 16th day of July, 1858; and that, while
in that position, he was authorized by the Navy Department
to rate or enhst two master's mates for the United States-
ship Warren; that the petitioner made the appointments
authorized with a compensation at the rate of $450 per an-
num, or §150 a year to each over and above the usual pay,
the Warren then be«ng stationed at that, port; and as the
petitioner alleges, an amount ui&ufhcient lor (he suppoitof
an officer in California; and that the pay of the lowest class
of laboiers in the navy-yard, at the time of his command,
was tlnec dollars a day. The rate of pay authoi tzed by the
commandant was subsequently, on the adjustment of his
accounts, disapproved at the Navy Department, and the dif-
ference between thatand the amount authoi ized upon other
stations charged against Captain Farragut's individual ac-
count, thus leaving him no other lemedy than an appeal to
Congress.
Evtu compensation has, in almost all cases, been allowed
to officers ot the Government in California, on account of
the known high cost of living; and your committee deem
that Captain Farragut should he allowed the leasonable dif
ference paid by him for temporary offieets, suitable to the
care of large amount* of public pioperty, whose appoint-
ment was in lieu of olftcers of a higher grade in the Navy;
and they therefore report the accompanying bill, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
I am well informed and advised thatat tliattime
Commodore Farragut was compelled to employ
competent persons for special service there, and
lie could not employ those persons without pay-
ing a price beyond the ordinary price paid by the
Government. I know him to be a very careful
and exact man. He paid the money on Govern-
ment account, and it has been considered a matter
of justice heretofore by all those who have in-
quired into it, to refund him the money. I hope
the Senate will not make it a matter of question
now.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY,
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Washington
and Georgetown Railway Company; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to read the amendments proposed
by the Committee on the District of Columbia to
that amendment. The next in order was in the
seventh and eighth lines of the fourth section of
the House amendment to strike out the words " ihc
gauge of the tracks" and the word " them" after
" between," and in lien of" them" to insert " the
two tracks;" so as to make the clause read:
And the space between the two track* shall not be less
than loiu feet not m<ue than six leer, and the carnages shall
not be less than mx feet in width, the gauge to coriespond
with that of the Baltimore and Ohio railioad.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out section
three of the House amendment. That was the
vote of the committee, but by some mistake in
printing it is not so printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest that there
are other reported amendments which have not
yet been disposed of; but the Chair will put the
question on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, if he insists upon it, at the present time.
Mr, MORRILL. I will take the direction of
the Chair; I have tio objection to waiting till the
printed amendments are disposed of.
The Secretary read the next amendment of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, which
was in the fifth section, of the House amendment,
to stnke out in the second and thiid lines the
words "ttack ami the pavements within," and
to insert " tracks;" and in the fourth line tostuke
out the woi d " always," and insert " theieof, and
also t he space between the tracks at all times well
paved and; so as to make the section read:
Sec. 5. And he it fwither enr/rtrd, That the wud r  rnori
tion herein created .-hall be bound to keep said tracks and
lot the spacc of two (eet beyond the outer i ail thereof' ami
also the  pace between the track*,, at all times well paved
and in good order, without expense to the United States or
the cities of Georgetown or Washington.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out the sixth section of
£he House amendment, in these words:
S&c. C. And be it further enacted, That the piivileges"
hereby granted shall continue until repealed by Congress.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next was in the sixth line of the seventh
section of the House amendment, to strike out
the words "likewise of," and insert " from so
altering and improving;" and in the ninth line to
strike out the words "the level of," and insert
" their;" and in the tenth line, after the word
"grade," to insert " and said pavements;" so as
to make the section read:
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That nothing m this
act shall prevent the Government at any time, at (heir op-
tion, from altering the grade, orothei wise impiovingPenn-
sylvania avenue, and such other avenues and streets as
may be occupied by said roads, or the eiuesof Washington
and Georgetown from so altoimg or improving such street*,
and avenues as may be undei their respective authoi kv and
control, and in such event it shall be the duty of said "com-
pany to change their said railroad so as to conform to such
altered grade and pavements.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next was in the second line of the eleventh
section of the House amendment, to strike out the
word "railroad," and insert "railways;" so as
to read:
The said company shall place first-class card on said
railways, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out the fourteenth sec-
tion of the House amendment, in these words:
Sec. 14. Jliidbeit further enacted, Thatthe United States
Government shall have the nyht and authority to convey
and itin freight ears, and carry freight foi Government use,
over the whole oi any portion of the railioad hereby granted;
the Government of the United States to pay said company
such reasonable compensation foi the use of such raihoad,
in the running of such freight cais, as may bo deemed just
by the Secietary of War, or by such other peison as the
President of the United States may desiguate for the pur-
pose of lixing such compensation.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
*flnd he it further enactcd, That said corporation shall, on
demand of the President of the United States, Secretaiv of
War, or Seci etary ot the Navy, cause to be transpoi ted over
said raihv.u any freight cais laden with freight for the use
of the Government of the United States j theoffieeis caus-
ing such service to be done shall pay a i easonable compen-
sation theretoi.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out the fifteenth section
of the Houseamendment, in the following words:
Sec. 15. Jlndbe itfuithcr enacted* That, within live days
after ihe passage of this act, the corporators named in the
first* section, who shall act as directors for the fiis-t year and
until otheis aie cho>en, or a majority of them, or if any
icfusc or neglect to act, then a majority of the icmainder.
shall caiwe hooks of-ub-enption to the capital stock of-a id
company to be opened and kept open for ;i peuod to be lived
by saul corporatoi s, not less than three day-*, and continued
open until the whole capital t-hali be sub*eub< d for. and said
corporators shall give public notice, by advertisement in at
least twool the daily papers published in the city of Wash-
ington, of the time when and the place where said books
shall be opened, anil the subscribers upon said homes to the
capital sioek ol'the eompanyshall be held to bestockhold-
er-s and associates ot the coi poratois named m the first sec-
tion • riovxled, That no person, for himself, or for another,
during the tiis-t day, bhall r>ub-.ci ibe for mote than two hun-
dred and hlty, and during the second dav not moj<> than one
bundled share* each; when, if the whole .shall not then be
taken and subseiibed foi, the subscnbeis then existing shall
have the right to increase their s-tock m equal amounts, and
if the whole shall not then be taken, any party then may
subsctibe therefoi in any number o! shaics uutil the whole
shall be taken ; and when the books of subscription to the
capital stock of said compmiy shall be clo.-cd, the corpora-
tors named in tlie first section, or a niajontv ot them, and
in ease any of them refuse or neglectto act, then a majority
of the icmainder bhall call the fir«t meeting of the .stock-
holders of said companv, and in all meeting* of the stock-
holder each share shall entitle the hoider'to one vote, to
be given in peison or by pioxv: Provided, That a inajoiify
in interest in the shams shall have the right to inciea.-ethe
same, whenever it shall appear necessary, to the extent of
tour thousand additional shaies, or to such evtent as may
be deemed necPbsaiy to cany out the object of this chartei.
And m lieu thereof insert:
Jlnd he it farther cnaded, That within five days after the
passage ot this act the corpoiators named in the fii-t section
or <i inajoutvof them, or if anj ret use oi neglect to act, then
a m.vjo! )tv of the remaindei, shall cause books ot subscrip
tion to the capital stock ot  aul company to he opened and
kept open foi a peuod to bf1 f]\ed b\ said eorpouttois. not
h>.s than five days, and .said corporator shall give public
notice, bv adveitisemont m the dailv papeis published in
the city ot Wa-lungion. ot the time when and the place
where said hooks >hai! be opened, and Mibsci ibei s upon said
honks to the capita! stock of the'eompany shall be hold to
be stockholder- P,otided. That no -ub-euption shall he
deemed valid until the person subscribing therefor shnll
make affidavit before the pc-isons. or any one of tnem
authorized to receive such subscriptions, that the same is
bona fide, and in fact and in truth for him or herself, and not
for another; and any person who shall fake a false and cor-
lupt oath touching said subscriptions shall be held to have
committed peijury,and he subject to all the pains and pen-
alties thereof: Jlnd provided farther, That if more than the
capital stock be subscribed, then a pro rata division of the
stock shall be made among the subscribers, and if less than
the capital stock be subscribed, then each subscriber shall
be at liberty to take additional stock until the subscription
is full. And when the books of subscription to the capital
stock of said company shall be closed, the corporators
named m the first nection,oramajor!ty ofthem,and incase
any of them refuse or neglect to act, then a majority of the
remainder shall call the first meeting of the stockholders of
saul company for the choice of directors, and tn all meet-
ings of the stockholders each share shall entitle the holder
to one vote, to be given in person or by pioxy.
Mr. GRIMES. Will this amendment be sus-
ceptible of amendment after it has been adopted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The motion now is to strike out an existing sec-
tion and insertone in lieu of it. The Chair thinks
that a motion to amend the section proposed to be
stricken out, is not in order in Committee of the
Whole, though it will be in order in the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Will it not be in order to amend
the section by adding something to it? I am
aware that it is not in order to move to strike out
anything the Senate have inserted; but will it not
be in order to move additional matter to the sec-
tion after it is adopted by the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not anticipate what may be a question of order
by and by. At present the Chair is certainly of
opinion that a motion to strike out and insert,
not being a divisible motion, must be taken as it
stands.
Mr. HALE. I understand that; but I thought
the Chair had answered the Senator from Iowa,
or I should not have put the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is possible
that the Chair has anticipated the wisdom of some-
body else, and may think foolishly; but ho will
not now decide questions that are not before the
Chair to decide.
Mr. GRIMES. I wanted to know whether this
section could be amended now. The condition
of it is this: it is an amendment to an amendment.
Now, can another amendment be added to it? I
suppose it will occupy precisely the same posi-
tion in the Senate that it does here in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it cannot be amended now.
Mr. GRIMES. If it cannot be amended now,
can it benmended when it comes into the Senate?
It will then still be an amendment in the third
degree.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
been under a misapprehension. The bill is not
befoie the Committee of the Whole; it is in the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Then it is not amendable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not. A motion to strike out and insert is
a single motion, and not divisible. The motion
is to strike out a certain section and insert another
in lieu of it. It is in the power of the Senate, of
course, to adopt or not to adopt it.
Mr. POMEROY. Do I understand the Chair
to say that none of these sections can be amended
in the Senate; that they must be amended now or
not at all?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now before the Senate is to strike out the fifteenth
section and insert other words in lieu of it. That
motion is one and indivisible.
Mr. POMEROY. The point with me is whether
the bill is now in Committee of the "Whole or in
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know when it got
into the Senate. I supposed it was in Committee
of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is a
Senate bill that has been sent back from the House
of Representatives with an amendment m the na-
ture of a substitute. It is now before the Senate
on the report of the Committee on the District of
Columbia proposing amendments to the House
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. But I thought the Senate was
considering this bill in Committee of the Whole.
rho, PRESIDING OFFICER. It is before the
Senate, and not in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amend men t was agiced to.
