1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
from those not now engaged in the service of the
United States.
Mr. Speaker, if it is necessary to have these or-
ganizations, it was as necessary to have them in
July last as it is now. Ourarmies haveadvanced
and successfully advanced on an extensive scale
without these organizations. General Buell's
army has advanced. We learn by the dispatches
this morning that General Curtis has reached Fay-
etteville, Arkansas; General Grant has advanced
to Nashville and taken possession of it. All these
thingshave been done withoutthese organizations,
except so far as the gentleman has mentioned the
few companies now in the service. He says that
this labor has been performed by our troops. Very
well. It has been performed, and our armies have
advanced, and it is not necessary to have this force
organized.
Now, sir, there is another provision of this bill
which is worthy of attention, and that is, that it is
not proposed to take these volunteer engineers into
the service upon the same basis and subject to the
same conditions, as to terms of enlistment, as other
volunteers are received. The provision of the first
section is this: %
" Provided, That the services of these engineer volunteers
shall be tor such time as the President may direct, not ex-
ceeding three years, nor low than six months, and they shall
be disbanded at the end of the present war."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman that that is the very language of the
bill under which we organized the whole volun-
teer force now in service. Its language is also
** not less than six months."
Mr. WILSON. I do not remember exactly the
language of that bill; but I was guided in my re-
marks by the language of the proclamation of the
President. They were to be received for three
years, unless sooner discharged. This bill pro-
vides that these engineer volunteers may be re-
ceived for such time as the President may direct,
provided the term shall not be less than six months.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will look at the law which we passed at the extra
session, he will find the identical language which
is contained in this bill, if my recollection is cor-
rect.
Mr. WILSON. Even though that may bo the
case—and I am not clear in my recollection as to
the precise language of the act of July, under
which the volunteer force was organized—the
soldiers have performed all the labor that will be
required at the hands of this corps of engineer*,
except it may be that tin's force is intended to work
upon that railroad. Now, we do know that steps
have been taken by the Government, under the
act of January 24th, to construct that road from
Nichoiasville to Knoxvilie, Tennessee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman will
permit me to read the language of the act of July,
under which the five hundred thousand volunteers
were organized. It is this:
"Protided, That the services of the volunteers shall be
for such tunc a* the ProMdcnt may direct, not evemllng
three years nor less than six month**, and they shall be dis-
banded at the end of the present vvai."
And that is the identical language of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. And under that act (he Pres-
ident organized a force, and that force has per-
formed all the labor which is necessary. Then,
why this increase of force ? I would like to know
why this bill follows so quickly upon tlie heel of
this contract for constructing a road from Nich-
oiasville to Knoxvilie, if it is not to be used in
connection with the construction of that road? If
not, for what purpose is it to be used? And I
wish to ask the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs [Mr. Blair, of Mis-
souri] whether he can state to the House that it is
not the intention of the Government to use any
portion of the force provided for in the bill in the
construction of that raihoad?
Mr. M ALLOR Y". If the gentleman will allow
me, I would like to make a remai k just here. The
gentleman from Iowa has asked why this engineer
force is more necessary now, in refeience to the
movements of our army, than it has been here-
tofore, in connection with the same matter Let
me tell him that the army, up to a short time
since, had advanced only through loyal States,
where no railroads had been destroyed, no brid°es
burned, and where all the railroads were in good
repair, and where the transportation of troops and
munitions of war could be accomplished with ease
and withoutany labor of this kind. But now that
army has proceeded into the heart of a rebel coun-
try, where the railroads are all broken up, where
no bridges are left by the retreating army, and'
where every obstruction possible to be thrown
upon the roads have been placed upon them; and
engineers in larger numbers than the President
will get by this bill, will be required to repair those
bridges and remove the obstructions upon the
road as the army advances.
Mr. WILSON. So far from the remarks of
the gentleman from Kentucky being correct, I
say that in no State of the Union have there been
greater damages done to the railroads than in the
State of Missouri.
Mr. D1VEN. And the companies have re-
paired those roads themselves.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from New
York suggests that the roads have been repaired
by the companies themselves. At all events, they
have been repaired. Those lines of communica-
tion have been broken up, and they have been
repaired. The same is true in reference to the
States of Kentucky, Virginia, and Maryland,
There the lines of communication were broken up
by the rebels.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a fact well known to
every gentleman upon this floor, and I suppose
that it is in the knowledge of the gentleman from
Iowa, that the advance of our army would have
been more rapid and more succcssful in Missouri
and Kentucky if we had had a large corps of en-
gineers accompanying our armies in those States,
who could have repaired the injuries and removed
the obstructions thrown in our way by the rebels
in those States.
Mr. WILSON. There has been no material
delay in repairing the railroads in Missouri. The
communication has been kept open almost con-
stantly, and the army has done what tire company
could not do. The work has all been performed,
and our armies have advanced far into the heart
of the rebel Stales.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Government
will use this engineer force wherever it is wanted.
Mr. WILSON. My question is, whether the
gentleman can state to the House that no part of
the force provided for in this bill is to be used in
constructing the railroad from Nichoiasville, in
Kentucky, to Knoxvilie, in Tennessee.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill entitled " An act to increase the ef-
ficiency of the medical department of the Army,"
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
ENGINEER VOLUNTEERS AGAIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman from Iowa that I never heard of the
suggestion which he has made upon this floor to-
day until it was made by him; and that such a
thing never entered into my mind when I reported
the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I do not charge that the Mil-
itary Committee intended any such thing.
Mr. BLAUl, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman what 1 stated to him the other day
when I introduced the bill, and when he asked me
whether this bill was recommended by any De-
partment of the Government. I stated to him that
it was recommended by the fact that the Govcrn-
ernment had sanctioned the organization of these
regiments heretofore; but that there had been no
such suggestion made by the Government, or by
any member of the Government, to any member
of the commiltee. In the first place, the bill was
introduced by my colleague from Missouri, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs; and
the committee acted upon the suggestions con-
tained in a letter received by me fiom Genetai
Ilallcck, and a letter from the colonel or lieutenant
colonel of a regiment at Hilton Head, and upon
information which I received from a visit to the
engineericgimentstationedhere adjacent to Wash-
ington. I never received any suggestion from any
member of the Government in regard to this thing;
but I suppose that if the Government would re-
ceive into its service engineer volunteers, and em-
ploy them as such, it was the boundeu duty of
Congress to pay them as such. Therefore we
went on and introduced a bill which would cover
! that case, and under which men who performed
I the services would be paid.
Mr. WILSON. The statement of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs amounts to
this: that he cannot say to the House that this
force is not for the purpose of constructing this
road.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Upon what ground
does the gentleman assert that it is intended for
any such purpose?
Mr. WILSON. I give it as my belief.%
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. And I give it as
my belief that the gentleman is entirely misin-
formed.
ASSISTANT TREASURER'S OFFICE, NEW YORK.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
iowa allow me to interrupt him a moment, in
order to call up a bill which ought to be passed
to-day?
Mr. WILSON. I will yield.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 302) to pro-
vide for the appointment of additional clerks in
the office of the Assistant Treasurer at New York,
and for other purposes. The necessity of the pas-
sage of this bill arises from the fact that the allot-
ment law goes into effect to-morrow, and soldiers
must be delayed in getting their money unless
this bill be passed and sent to New York to-night.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States at New York
to appoint, from time to time, by and with the
consent and approbation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, such other clerks, messengers, and
watchmen, in addition to those already employed
by him, as the exigencies of the public business
may require, at rates of compensation to be fixed
by the Secretary of the Treasury; provided such
rates shall in no case exceed those now allowed by
law for the several persons similarly employed in
the office of the Assistant Treasurer; that the As-
sistant Treasurer be authorized to appoint, with
the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury, a
competent person from among his clerks, who shall
be called the deputy assistant treasurer of the Uni-
ted States. The deputy assistant treasurer, in ad-
dition to the duties performed by him and any
others which he may be required to perform by
the Assistant Treasurer, is authorized to witness
the execution of any and all transfers of Govern-
ment stock and powers of attorney, and sign all
receipts for patent fees and bullion receipts, with
like effect as if the same were witnessed and signed,
respectively, by the Assistant Treasurer m per-
son . The deputy assistan t treasurer is authorized
to receive an additional compensation of $1,000
per annum, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; provided
the total compensation received by him shall not
exceed $3,000 per annum. And the sum of $2,500
is appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the purchase
of blank checks for the use of the sub-Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object to the con-
sideration of the bill provided I am permitted to
make a motion to strike out the additional com-
pensation of #1,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I do not objcct.
There being no further objection, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union was
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill, and it was brought before the House for con-
sideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does not seem that the
duties and responsibilities of this position will
necessarily be much increased. The bill simply
assigns to a person already in the employment of
the Government other duties than those which he
ordinarily performs, and there seems to be no
reason why there should be this great increase of
salary. I therefore offer the following amend-
ment; beginning at line fourteen, in section two,
strike out the words:
" Said deputy assistant treasurer shall receive an addi-
tional compensation of $1,000 pci annum, to be paid out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, the total compensation received by lam shall not
exceed $3,000 per annum.-"
Mr. STEVENS. I will not occupy the time
of the House by reading a communication from
Mr. Cisco and other officers, saying that this busi-
ness requires great additional labor, and that the
present force there cannot do the work at all.
