1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COX. It has been customary to extend
to Delegates the same rules whtcli govern the
admission of members.
The SPEAKER. A Delegate is entitled to all
the privileges of the floor, except that of voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The point I make is
that the swearing in of a Delegate is not necessary
to the organization of the House, and therefore
it is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. As the House has recognized
Delegates for all purposes except that of voting,
it is proper that they should be recognized in this
case, and therefore the Chair overrules the point
of order.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Cradle-
baugh was qualified by taking the usual oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT UPON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FENTON introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, andagreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed upon the pait
of the House, to join such committee as may be appointed
upon the part of the Senate, to wait upon the President of
the United States, and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses is assembled, and that Congress is ready to le-
ceive any communication lie may be pleased to make.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed as
such committee, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Wickliffe,
and Mr. Moorhead.
CHARLES II. FOSTER.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Charles H.Foster,
elected a Representative to this House from the
State of North Carolina under a proclamation of
the Governor of that State, is now present, and
ready to be sworn in. I move that he be quali-
fied; but before that is done, I ask that the proc-
lamation and certificate of the Governor be read.
Mr. VALLANDIG HAM. I rise to a point of
order. I understand that the papers in that case
were referred to the Committee of Elections at the
last session. If so, I desire to know if it is in
order now to present these papers?
Mr. HICKMAN. In reply to the gentleman
I will say that the papers referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections had reference to a previous elec-
tion. Another election has been held since that
time, and Mr. Foster again returns under the new
election called by the Governor of the State; the
certificate of that election being now in the hands
of the Clerk.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That was the elec-
tion at Hatteras.
The. proclamation and certificate of the Gov-
ernor of the State were read, as follows:
Proclamation by the Governor.
State of North Carolina, >
Executive Department. $
To the People of North Carolina:
Whereas an ordinance of the convention of North Car-
olina, passed on Monday, 18th November, 1861, directs the
Piovisiosial Governor ot this Commonwealth, in the follow-
in" vvoids, to wit: " Whereas, it is desirable that this State
fehall be represented in the Federal Congress, and maintain
liei due weight in the eouneils of the Union, therefore the
1'iovisional Govemot bednected herebj to order special
elections in accordance with chapter sixty-nine of the re-
vised code, as soon as piacticable^aiid expedient, in any
disstuet oi districts now unrepresented " And whereas the
revised code of this State, chapter sixty-nine, section live,
provides as follows, to wit: ^ it, at any tune after the ex-
piidUon ol any Congrcs^ and before another election, oi if
at any time after an> election, there shah be a vacancy in
the representation in Congress, the Governor shall issue a
writ ot election, and, by pioclamation, shall require the
voters to meet in then le&peetive counties, at «ucb tune as
may bo appointed therein, and at the place* established by
law, then and there to vote lor a ltepiesentative in Congress
to fill the vacancy, and the election bhali be conducted m
like manner us tenular electionsand if appealing that
the second congte^ional district is unicpteseated :
Now. theiehne, I, .Mdiblc Nash Taj lor, Goveinoi of the ;
State ot Ninth Caiolum, do hoieby notify and ivqune the
good and loyal people ot the second concessional district of .
thn State, qualified to vote for membeis of ihc Uou^e ot ;
Common* ol the Gennal As<embi\. toa>M'inble at ih«?pv- ,
cial voiitm pieemet". established b\ kuv theism,on iiiur->- ,
day. the 2c th day of Novemb"), 1861. and ca^t their ballots .
for a Uopiesentahve of the State m Confess.
In witnCr-s whereof, I have heieunto n't uiv hand, and
caused tlx1 aieat «se:il of the Stale to b<  utlKed, at ,
Hattfid«j lift* JStii dav of No\emher, m the yeai j
S-J of our Loui 1851, and of t'ie independence ot the j
United States the ei htv-*i\th.
MARBLE NASH TAILOR.
Statr of North C uiot.in'a. '(
Executive Dcpailment. )
Wlicie.i-. mi Thin-daj. 'Mi November. 1851, at an elec-
tion ordered and held in aeeoidanee Willi a pioviaion ol the
revised code 01" tll>' Commonwealth, and puisuant to an
ordinance ot the convention, |>'L--.<'d on tlu' ISth of Noveill-
ben, 18ol, for tile put pose of appointing a Representative of
fj,. s.]
the second distnct of the State in tiie Congress of the Uni- I
ted States, Chailes Henry Foster did leeeive a majority of
alt tlie votes to cast.
Now, therefore, I, Marble Xasli Taylor, Governor of the
State of North Carolina, do hereby, us required by law,
commission the said Charles Henry Foster as a Represent-
ative of the State in Congress.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand,"and
caused the great seal of the State to be affixed, at
Hatteras, this 29th day of November, in the year of
our Lord 1861, and of t:ie independence of the Uni-
ted States the eightv-sitth.
MARBLE NASH TAYLOR.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I renew my point
of order. The claim of Mr. Foster to a seat in
this House was referred at the extra session to
the Committee of Elections. It is of no import-
ance to the committee or to the House what the
foundation of tlmt claim is; and these papers re-
lating to his general claim to a seat ought to fol-
low the papers presented in July. I submit that
the proper disposition of this case is to refer these
papers to the committee to constitute apart of his
chain of title; and that, as a point of order, it is
notcompetent, without discharging that committee
from the consideration of the claim of Poster to
a scat in this House, now to swear him in as a
member.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio make the point of order that these papers
cannot be received'
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. They can be re-
ceived, but the motion accompanying them, to
swear in the individual, is not in order, because
his case is pending under a reference by the
House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to correcta misap-
prehension which the gentleman from Ohio seems
to entertain in connection with this subject; at the
time that the application was made for the admis-
sion of Mr. Foster, a secret election had been
held, as was charged at that time, and a very few
votes were cast. The case was then referred to the
Committee of Elections. That case was aban-
doned by Mr. Foster; and after the provisional
government was formed in North Carolina, a pub-
lic proclamation was issued and an election form-
ally had; and now we have before 11s the certifi-
cate of the Governor, under the broad seal of the
State, that Mr. Foster was elected. This, then,is
a different case from the former one. Mr. Foster
makes no claim whatever to a seat under the pre-
vious election, to which the gentleman from Ohio,
has referred.
TheSPEAKER. TheChairoverrulesthcpoint
of order, upon the ground that the House at any
time may determine upon the competency of any
member to a seat.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that no report
has been made by the committee upon that case.
Where there is a case pending, and 110 one can
look into the title and see upon what paper the
claim is founded, the party can present any pa-
pers. It is right that those papers should be
received; but it is as right and proper that they
should be referred to a committee. No harm
will be done by that course. I think the com-
mittee had better settle all the titles at once. I
move that the papers be referred to the Committee
of Elections.
The motion was agreed to; and the papers were
referred accordingly.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. DUNN. John S. Watts, Delegate elect
from the Territory of New Mexico, is present.
I move that he be sworn in.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Watts
was qualified by taking the usual oath to support
the Constitution of the United States.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are two Repre-
sentatives from Virginia prcsenling themselves
hereto be qualified—Jacob B. Blair, from the
eleventh district, and Joscru Sruar, from the
first distuct. As some doubt seems to be cast
over these cases, I wish to make a very brief
statement to the House in reference to each of
them, upon my motion, which I now make, that
they be sworn in. In reference to the gentleman
who presents himself from the eleventh district,
! I desire to say that he is elected to fill the vacancy
! caused by the resignation of Mr. Caihle, who
! received his seat at the called session. He was
| elected 111 accordance with the laws of Virgima.
I For the different candidates who presented them-
selves there were six or seven thousand votes
cast, and he received a clear majority of all the
votes cast, and lie presents his certificate here in
accordance with the laws of Virginia. I appre-
hend there is no difficulty in reference to that
case.
The gentleman from the first district, Mr. Se-
gar, is elected in accordance with the proclama-
tion of Governor Pierpont, of the provisional
government of Virginia, as it is called. I am not
familiar with the extent to which the inhabitants
of the counties composing that congressional dis-
trict voted. Proclamation, however, was made
of the election, and the Governor of theState gives
a certificate of his election. I apprehend that in
a portion of his district it was impossible to hold
an election; so far as elections could be held in
places not in possession of the rebels, the gentle-
man who presents himself received their votes.
Mr. DAWES. I call for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the ques-
tion upon each case separately.
The question was taken on swearing in Mr.
Blair; and it was agreed to.
Mr. Blair was accordingly qualified, by taking
the usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the papers in
the case of Mr. Segar be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts what, in his opin-
ion, is the difference between the two cases?
Mr, DAWES. The difference is this: 1 know
something about the one case, and I do not know
anything about the other; and therefore I desire
that the one I do not know anything about should
be referred to the Committee of Elections. I know
that in the one case a man has been elected to fill
a vacancy—to take the place of a gentleman who
has been admitted to a seat upon this floor. By
the action of this House, the district has been
decided to be entitled to a Representative under
the action of the provisional government, as it is
callffd, of Virginia. What have been the proceed-
ings in the other case, I am entirely unable to say.
I am ignorant of how many votes this gentleman
received; under what circumstances, and under
what forms of law, if any, they were given; and
of how far he may be said to represent any con-
siderable portion of the people of the first district
of Virgima.
So far as it is in our power, I think we should
observe in this time, as well as 111 all others, the
formsof law—certainly upon so important a ques-
tion as that involving the right to a seat in this
House. I do not express any opinion, for 1 have
no information upon the subjcct on which I can
base my action here in relation to this matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. 1 would remind him
that the Representative from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] was admitted to a seat upon hisstate-
ment that the election was held 111 conformity to
law. I agree with the gentleman that we ought
not to cheapen this privilege of representation.
Those having seats here ought to be the icpre-
sentatives of somebody, and not of a few individ-
uals. In the case of Mr. Segar, he was clected
under precisely the same law, and underthc same
circumstances, that Mr. Blair was.
The Provisional Governor issued his proclama-
tion for the election of a successor to Mr. Carlile;
he also issued his proclamation for an election in
the first district. It is true that all of that first
district was not relieved from the heel and power
of the rebels, but so far as our power wasasseitcd,
so far as the people of that district had the right
to exercise the elective privilege, their suffrages
weie conferred upon Mr, Segar. The vote was
unanimous; there 'was 110 dissent among them.
The people of a portion of the district , and prob-
ably of the lirgest portion of the distiict, I think
it likely, had"not the power to express their
opinions. But the same Governor, the same Pro-
visional Governor of Virginia, issued his procla-
mation for the elections both of Mr. Blair and
Mr. Seg^r. As I understand it, they stand upon
precisely the same footing. It the Provisional
Governor had not the power to issue his procla-
mation for an election, Mr. Blair was not entitled
to his seat. If he had not the power to issue his
proclamation in the one case lie had it not 111 the
