THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1862.
New Series No. 185.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer this note in evidence,
and will read it for the information of the Court:
Mr. Jacob McGavock :
It is my order that the record-book of the confederate
court be carried immediately to Murfreesboro', and other
papers at the same time, or as soon thereafter as possible.
W. If. HUMPHREYS.
The paper bears no date, but the witness states
he received it some four days after the fall of Fort
Donelson.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is it in his handwriting?
Mr. BINGHAM. He says that it is in his
handwriting, and that he is acquainted with his
handwriting. [To the witness.] You will state
whether this place called Murfreesboro', to which
you were ordered to take the records, was then
in the occupation of the troops of the confederate
government.
Answer. I think it was.
Question. How far distant is it from Nashville ?
Answer. It is about twenty-five or thirty miles,
I think.
Question. State what became of Judge Hum-
phreys about that time.
Answer. I do not know. I have not seen him.
Question. Was he there at the time you received
this paper?
Answer. No, sir; that was sent to me.
Question. Has he ever been there since?
Answer. I have never seen him since.
Question. Was not that his usual place of res-
idence ?
Answer. Yes, in the neighborhood.
Question. Close by the town?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Does not his family reside there?
Answer. He has no family. His wife is dead.
Question. His children reside there at his own
house ?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. Did they not at that time ?
Answer. I am not certain of that.
Question. Do you know whether he kept house
or not?
Answer. Yes, he lived there himself.
Question. He disappeared about that time ?
Answer. I had not seen him for several days
before that.
Question. Have you ever seen him since?
Answer. I have never seen him since.
Question. State whether you have resided there
ever since that time until you came here.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. In the city?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. I will ask you one further question,
and that is whether you were subpenaed to bring
with you the records and papers of this confeder-
ate court?
Answer. No, sir; I think not.
Question. You had notice to bring them, had
you not?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. You had notthem under your control?
Answer. The subpena is here. It gave me no-
tice to bring that paper, but no other paper.
Question. You can look at this book and state
to the Court whether any of the entries are the en-
tries of the proceedings in the confederate court,
and by whom they were made [exhibiting a book
marked " Issue Docket" to the witness.]
The Witness, (after examining the book.)
There is part of them in my handwriting, and
part of them in the handwriting of my deputy.
Question. What is his name?
Answer. Isaac Litton.
Question. Are these the entries of cases in the
confederate court held by Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir. These case were suits brought
in the United States court, and transferred to the
confederate court.
Question. State, if you please, by whose order
the cases were transferred from the United States
court to the confederate court.
Answer. By the order of the judge.
Question. Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir.
185
Question. State, if you please, whether the
causes pending in the circuit court of the United
States for that district, and so transferred for the
recovery of money, in so far as they were brought
by non-residents of the State of Tennessee and of
the southern confederacy, were altered in any re-
spect upon the record in the confederate court.
Was there a party for use named?
Answer. Afterthejudgment wasentered in favor
of the plaintiff, it was marked by the receiver for
the use of the confederate States.
Question. I ask you whether the order that the
judgments or the cases should be entered up for
the use of the confederate States of America was
made by the judge?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. I ask you whether there were many
of those cases pending in the United States courts
so transferred and so altered in respect of the use
for which the suit was being prosecuted?
Answer. I cannottell exactly; I suppose some
sixty or seventy cases, may be.
Question. Where the judgments were so entered
upon them?
Ansicer. Yes, sir; there was no alteration; it
was just that insertion. There was no alteration
of the record.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I mean. He
says there was no alteration, but just the inser-
tion of the words, " for the use of the confederate
States."
Question. Were they so entered up in the judg-
ments for the use of the confederate States?
* Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. State to the Court whether the object
and purpose of this, as declared at the time by
the receiver in the court, was not to sequestrate
the moneys so owing to non-residents of the con-
federate States, for the use of the confederate
States of America.
Answer. I presume it was. I do not know cer-
tainly.
Question. Was it not so understood at the time?
Answer. I judge so.
Question. Can you state to the Court about the
aggregate amount in money of those sixty or sev-
enty suits that were thus disposed of by this con-
federate court for the use of the confederate States
—about the aggregate amount in money of the
whole ?
Answer. No, sir; I cannot come any way near it.
Question. State, if you please, to the Court
whether they covered large sums of money.
Answer. Yes, sir; there were some pretty large
judgments.
3Vir. BINGHAM. I am instructed to repeat a
question which I believe I asked you before, and
which I think you answered; and that is, when
Judge Humphreys held the last term of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the middle dis-
trict of Tennessee? Was it in April, 1861?
Answer. There was no court held in April, 1861.
It must have been the previous term.
Question. When was that?
Answer. In October, 1860.
Question. You say there was no court held in
middle Tennessee, in 1861, by Judge Humphreys
for the United States?
Ansirer. The court met, but did no business.
Question. I ask you whether he impanneled a
grand jury at that term?
The Witness. In April, 1861?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Answer. No, sir; I think not.
Question. Do you remember whether he charged
them?
Answer. He had not them impannfeled, and of
course he did not charge them.
Question. Did he give any reason for not im-
panneling the jury, charging them, and proceeding
with the business of the court in April, 1861?
Answer. Not that I heard of.
Question. He has never held a court there for
the United States since?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Who appointed this receiver that you
of?
Answer. Idonotknowwhoappointedhim. He
was not appointed by the judge.
Question. His name was Cochran?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. 1 ask you whether any prosecutions
of any kind were brought before Judge Hum-
phreys as judge of the confederate court in Octo-
ber against citizens of the United States; any cases
of complaint against citizens?
Answer. I think there were some; but I do not
remember the kind of cases.
Question. Does your trial docket showanything
about that?
Answer. It shows some cases in favor of the
confederate States.
Question. I mean prosecutions against citizens ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you remember what any of them
were charged with before Judge Humphreys?
Answer. No, sir; it was generally done by Mr.
Litton, my deputy.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I do not seek to in-
quire of you further about it. We have nothing
further to ask the witness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The managers
having concluded the examination of this witness,
it is the privilege of any Senator, if he desires to
put a question to the witness, to do so by redu-
cing it to writing and having it read by the Secre-
tary. [After a pause.] The witness can retire.
Isaac Litton called, sworn, and examined by
Mr. Bingham:
Question. You will pleasestateto theCourtyour
residence and occupation.
Answer. I reside near Nashville, Tennessee,
within a few miles of it.
Question. What is your occupation?
Answer. I am not engaged at anything particu-
larly now. I was engaged as deputy clerk of the
confederate court up to last February, called the
district court of the confederate States of America.
Question. Held by Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir; Judge West H. Humphreys.
Question. Who appointed you?
Ansiver. I was appointed by Mr. McGavock,
chief clerk.
Question. Who swore you in?
Answer. I was sworn in, in open court, by
Judge Humphreys.
Question. When was that?
Ansicer. I think the 21st day of October, 1861.
It was some time in October, and I think the 21st
day.
Question. State to the Court the oath that was
administered to you.
Ansicer. The substance of it was, that I would
obey the constitution and laws of the confederate
States of Amcrica, and demean myself as a good
citizen of the confederate States.
Question. State to the Court, if you please, Mr.
Litton, what was done with the civil actions of
non-residents pending in the circuit court of the
United States for that district by this confederate
court, if anything.
Answer. 1 was not in the court at its organiza-
tion. When I was appointed deputy, theie were a
good many causes on the civil docket pending,and
they were entered in the names of the plaintiffs
for the use of the confederate States under the
sequestration act.
Question. You mean that they were so entered
on the trial docket of the confederate court?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Look at that book, and state whether
that is the docket to which you refer. [Handing
the witness the same book which had been iden-
tified by the previous witness.]
Answer (after examining the book.) There
was another docket in addition to this.
Question. You will please mark down the leaves
covering the docket, so far as it is the docket of
the confederate court, so that we shall be able to
designate it in some way.,
Answer. It commences on the 60th page, and"
continues to and includes the 71st page.
Question. You say that is the trial docket of the
confederate court ot that district.
