2946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
■Answer. This is what we used as a trial docket
in the confederate court.
Question. Are any part of those entries made in
your own handwriting?
•Answer. Yes, sir; 1 see my handwriting here.
The latter part of it is principally in my hand-
writing.
Question. Did I understand you to say, in answer
to one of my questions, that this entry or order
" to the use of the confederate States of America,"
of these civil cases, was made in pursuance of a
sequestration act?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Passed by what government?
•Answer. The confederate Slates of America.
Question. What was the nature of that act, or
can you produce a copy of it?
Jlnswer. I have no copy of it.
Question. What did it sequester?
•Answer. It sequestered the effects of all persons
considered aliens 
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest that that is not
competent testimony.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
raised. The question must be dccided by the
Court whether tlio interrogation shall be put to the
witness.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. BINOrEIAM, (to the witness.) Slate, if
you please, what the nature of that sequestration
act was.
•Answer. As I understand, the estates and assets
of persons who were considered aliens to the con-
federacy were sequestered for the benefit of the
confederate government 
Mr. LANK, of Indiana. I object. Here they
are proving by parol the nature of an act of which
there is a record.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the interrogatory must be put in writing,
and the question must be decided by yeas and
nays whether the interrogatory shall be admitted.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 suggest that if such
questions are gone into and argued, we shall not
got through in a month.
Mr. FESSENDKN. I suggest to the Court and
to the managers that it might be sufficient to prove
the acts of the respondent, which involve a breach
of his allegiance or misconduct on his part, with-
out going iuio detail, into particulars. I suggest
to the managers whether it is worth while to be
putting questions as to details which every law-
yer is competent to decide upon from hearing the
acts testified to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the rule,
the interrogatory must lie put in writing, and the
question will he Cor (he decision of the"Court on
the yeas and nays, whether the interrogatory shall
be put.
Mr. .SAULSBURIf. If the managers on the
part of the House of Representatives will exeuse
me, 1 wish tu make a suggestion. This trial is to
be prolonged forworne lime if this mode of exam-
•nation proceeds. If the managers on the part of
the House of Representatives are satisfied that
they have proved the fact that West H. Hum-
phreys, having the commission of the United
States, has presumed to actus a judge of the con-
federate States of America, or of any other Power,
openly and notoriously," as is suggested bv the
Senator fiorn Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,)"that
is a sufficient ground lor his conviction. 1 have
no hesitation in saying that if that fact is clearly
proved, and I think it has been proved, 1 would
unquestionably vote lor his conviction. Perhaps,
if we wish to transmit a record in which lawyers
may critically examine our proceedings, it may
be proper to pursue the course that the managers
on the part of the House of Representatives are
pursuing; but for our personal satisfaction, if that
fact is proved, it is sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order. 1 Ins discussion is entirely out
of order; any remark* from Senators are out of
order.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Presiding
Officer understood the .Senator from Delaware to
rise to submit respectfully a suggestion for the
government of the managers of the prosecution,'
Mr. SAULSBURY. Pardon me for a moment.
In answer to the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, I desire to say that while I
always wish to pay proper respcct to anything
falling from a committee so very learned, yet when
the gentleman interposes in such a tone as that in
which he spoke, it is not very much appreciated
by me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that by the rules of proceedings of this
Court, all collateral questions must be decided
without debate, and by the yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, if the objec-
tion be insisted on, by leave of the Court I shall
not press the question; stating,however, in justi-
fication of the action of the managers on the part
of the House of Representatives in this behalf,
that we supposed the rule did apply in this case
that the best evidence that the natuie of the case
admits of is admissible, and especially as our ques-
tion was as to the declared ground of the action
of the court in Tennessee at the time. I ask leave
to state further to this Court that it must occur to
every mind that we cannot be cxpected to produce
the original evidence in the hands of the public
enemy, and that this is strictly within the rule of
law in our judgment; but we withdraw the ques-
tion.
The examination of Isaac Litton was resumed
by Mr. Bixgham:
Question. State, if you please, now, in addition
to what you have stated about these judgments of
sequestration, whether there were any proceed-
ings of a criminal character, or purporting to be
of a criminal character, instituted and prosccuted
in that confederate court against citizens of the
United States?
•Answer. There were, sir.
Question. What was the nature and character
of those proceedings?
Jlnswer. Parties were arrested, brought before
the court on different charges; charges of disloy-
alty to the government 
Question. What government?
•Answer. The confederate government.
Question. What was the specific character of'
the charge? What was the offense called in that
court ?
Ansiocr. I think in some cases it was called
treason to the confederate government.
Question. Was there any examination had in
those cases before that court?
•Answer. There was. Witnesses were exam-
ined m open court.
Question. In thepresence of Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What was the testimony brought
against them? That is to say, what was proved
or attempted to be proved against them specifi-
cally?
Answer. In the d ifFe rent cases the testimony was
different. Some of them were accused of overt
acts against the Government of the confederate
States; testimony was introduced 
Question. In what way?
The Witness. What testimony?
Mr. BINGHAM. No; what sort of acts?
Words?
•Answer. Words principally.
Question. What were theychargcdwithsaying?
•Answer. I do not recollect now the charges that
wore made against them.
Question. State, if you please,to the Court here,
whether the substance of the rulingof Judge Hum-
phreys in those cases, or any of them, was that
persons who declared themselves openly in favor
of the Government of the United States, and of
maintaining its authority, were held responsible
to his court, or not?
Jlnswcr. Yes, sir; that ruling was held by the
court. J
Question. By Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir, by Judge Humphreys.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was called treason for a
man to be faithful to the Constitution of the United
States, ktatc what disposition he made of those
parties who were charged in this way in his court.
Answer. There were different dispositions made
of them. Some of them were required to give
bonds tor tin ir good behavior; others took the
oath of allegiance to the confederate government;
some of them entered the army of the confed-
erate States.
Question. Siate, if you please, to the Court
whether these conditions were announced in that
court to the parties thus arraigned before it as con-
ditions necessary to be performed on their paitin
order to secure their release from custody.
Answer• In some cases parties were informed
by the court that on taking the oath of allegiance
and enlisting in the confederate army, they would
be discharged.
Question. State whether, upon that advice of
Judge Humphreys tocitizens of theUnited States
arraigned before him in that way, any of them did
take the oath of allegiance to the confederate States
and enlist in the rebel aimy.
Answer. Some of them did.
Question. When was that?
Answer. It was in October, 1861,1 think, or the
early part of November; 1 do not remember the
date now; I could not tell without referring to the
record.
Question. Now state, if you please, to the Court
what disposition was made of those who refused
to take the oath, refused to give the bond,and re-
fused to enlist in the rebel army.
Answer. Some of them were remanded to jail.
Question. By order of Judge Humphreys?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. In these cases you refer to, was there
anything pretended to be alleged against the par-
ties except their adherence to the Government ot
the United States?
Answer. That was all, and taking up arms, as
it was stated in some cases, against the confederate
Slates.
Question. State, if you please, if you know, what
has become of the residue of the records of this
confederate court.
Answer. Idonotknow. They were taken from
Nashville. I know nothing about them. They
were m the custody of the chief clerk, Mr. Mc-
Gavock.
Question. State what became of the judge.
Answer. He went South.
Question. Where did he go to ?
Answer. do not know where he is. J have
not seen him in Nashville since February last.
Question. How long after the fall of Fort Don-
elson ?
Answer. I did not see him at all in Nashville
after the fail of Fort Douelson. I have never seen
him in Nashville since.
Question. State if you have resided there ever
since then.
Answer. Yes, sir; that has been my residence,
and i have been there most of the time. I have
been absent on different occasions. My residence
is there, m the neighborhood.
Question. Now 1 ask you how those persons,
or some of them at least, who were brought be-
fore Judge Humphreys were originally arrested;
that is, by what authority, whether by the mili-
tary authority or the civil authority?
Answer. In some cases there were parties
brought there who were arrested by military au-
thority, lodged in jail, and then taken from there
on an order from Judge Humphreys.
Question. To answer before him?
Answer. Yes, sir, to answer before him. In
fact, some of them were brought before Judge
Humphreys on petition of the parties themselves
by their attorneys.
Question, What military authority was this that
you refer to, which arrested these persons?
The Witness. Do you mean the general mili-
tary authority?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Answer. The confederate States of America.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understood you to say a
little while since that some of them were brought
directly to the court by military authority. State,
if you please, whether soldiers under aims«of the
confederate forces brought them into court in per-
son; if that is what you meant by that remark.
Answer. They wore brought there by soldiers
under arms. I have seen persons brought in there
in that way.
Qwesfiofi. State, if you can recollect, in any of
those instances, of citizens being brought into the
court by soldiers of the confederacy under arms,
what disposition the judge made of those persons
in any one of those instances.
Answer. In some of the cases, I think, the par-
ties were remanded to jail, and afterwards they
came forward and took the oath of allegiance to
the confederate States, and enlisted in the confed-
erate army. My recollection is that in all eases,
when brought there, Judge Humphreys ruled that
he had no power to take them from the military,
and they were sent to jail and remained there, and
then there was a petition filed, possibly, or applica-
