1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMf
themselves whether it would not cost less to trans-
port the Government stores, &c., by this route
than to construct a new road. There can be no
gre^t difference in the distance.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me correct the gentle-
man. From Louisville to Nashville, the distance
is one hundicd and eighty miles,and from Nash-
ville to Knoxville the distance is some two hun-
dred and fifty miles. That, sir, is a fact which I
know in reference to this matter, yet the gentle-
man talks about this being a parallel road about
equally distant from KnoxvilJe.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I did not say of equal
distance from Knoxville. The question 1 wished
to submit to the House was, whether it would not
be more economical with the road already con-
structed to transpoit the troops, munitions of war,
&c., of the Government, although the distance
may be a little greater, than to go to work and build
a new road over the mountain ranges of eastern
Kentucky and Tennessee?
Mr. MALLORY. But the gentleman will recol-
lect that it is the country thiough which the con-
templated road passes where the Government
needs these facilities.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to iefer just
here in this connection to a remark made a few
minutes ago by the gentleman from Illinois that
the amount already paid out for transportation
through this country would go far towards build-
ing this road. Now, sir, the circumstances under
which we have paid for that transportation are
such as I hope and trust may never occur again.
That country has been in the possession of the en-
emy; we have foot by foot obtained possession of it;
and I trust in God we shall never again lose pos-
session of it. We have a parallel road leading
to the same place, but by a little more circuitous
route. We have two thirds of that road already.
The question is, whether we will now, at this late
day, build a new road, when we have a parallel
road, or use that parallel road, or so much as we
have of it, and go on to take the rest of it.
It seems to me that there can be no doubt about
the course we ought to pursue, nor is there any
question about the facts involved here. I knew
when it was announced in this House, not pub-
licly; when we were told that proceedings had
already taken place for the purpose of building
• that road, 1 believed that that was all done under
the false pretense that it was deemed bestto take
possession of the railroad and telegraph lines of
the country. I was absolutely amazed to see un-
der that power given to the President an attempt
made to construct this road; and I hope that Con-
gress will now, if not too late, interrupt these pro-
ceedings and stop the work where it is.
Mr. WILSON. I believe on Monday lastthe
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Trimble] offered a
resolution, which was adopted by the House, call-
ing on the President of the United States for in-
formation touching this railroad. 1 understand
that we have received no response to that resolu-
tion of the House. We have no information on
the subject; and until we do have, it is proper
that we should delay our action on this proposi-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I will take the floor to
say that the gentleman from Michigan is mistaken
about the charge he has preferred. I am disposed
to look upon the President of the United States
as a plain, blunt, honest, direct man. I believe
that he is an honest man. I believe that he is a
patnotie man. It is rather strange that this test-
imony should come from me in refutation of an
indirect charge against him by the gentleman from
Michigan, lie says that he is constrained to be-
lieve that the Pn^ident of the United States has
undertaken this work under false pretmses. 1
deny it. I deny it emphatically. The Pnsident
undertook this woik by virtue and undei authority
of law which passed both Houses of Congress,
if the gentleman happened not to be in Ins place,
or if he paid no attention to the bill when it was
up, it is Ins fault that the law was passed, and
not the fault of the President, that under hi.s oath
he has executed the law. I will make anoihei re-
maik before I take my ocat. The g< ntleman hom
Iowa [Air. Wilson'] misconceives this matter
when he ehaiges that this bill has been introduced
by the Committee on Military Allah's for the nar-
pose of eonstruetinsj thisioad. The g« utlemnn
from Missouri. [Mr. Rollins,] before the law
passed giving the President of the United States
the right to take possession of the telegraph and
railroad lines of the country, and by virtue of
which the President is constructing this road, as
the gentleman from Iowa contends that he is, in-
troduced a bill for the very purpose of construct-
ing this road.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope that I will be per-
mitted to say a word.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that the friends of
this bill are impatient to have it acted on.
Mr. EDWARDS. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to call the previous question on it?
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 propose to call the previous
question on the reference of the bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I hope thegentleman
will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 yield to the gentleman from
New Hampshire if he will be brief. Then I pro-
pose to call for the previous question.
Mr. EDWARDS. This debate, Mr. Speaker,
seems to me to be of an extraordinary character.
The bill before the House simply proposes to
increase the Army by adding to it the peculiar
corps of engineers or sappers and miners. The
gentleman from Missouri, who reports the bill
from the Committee on Military Affairs, declares
that it is not for the purpose of constructing any
railroad, and the gentleman from fowa, who op-
poses the passage of the measure, alleges that it
is for the purpose of constructing a railroad. Cer-
tain gentlemen too seem to advocate the passage
Qf the bill upon the very ground that the gentle-
man from Iowa takes for his opposition to it. I
so understand thegentleman from Kentucky, and
other gentlemen. They advocate it because it is
for the purpose of constructing this railroad. -
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from New
Hampshire is mistaken. I do not see any con-
nection between this bill and the project alluded
to for the construction of a railroad.
Mr EDWARDS. X was only showing the ex-
traordinary character of this debate. I am glad to
be corrected.
I come now to the merits of the bill. The only
question which seems to me to be pertinent to
the consideration of this bill is, whether this en-
gineer corps is necessary for the efficiency of the
Army, independently of the construction of rail-
roads. If that be so, then there is no earthly ne-
cessity for this discussion about railroads. There
is no earthly necessity for itunlessgentlemen be-
lieve that there is an intention to spring a trap,
and indirectly to provide for the construction of a
railroad. 1 do not understand that there is any
such intention; and I certainly would vote against
this bill if I did not deem that this corps was
necessary for the efficiency of the Army. I do not
vote for it, because f believe that it provides for the
construction of a railroad. I would not vote for
the consti uction of any railroad unless it was pat-
ent by the bill that that was its purpose, and un-
less there was a necessity for it and the proper
means were provided. When a bill comes in here
for the construction of a railroad in Tennessee or
Kentucky, and it is recommended by the Govern-
ment as necessary to its interest, I will vote for it;
but I would not vote for such a proposition where
there was no provision intended to be made for
that.
I will not take up the time of the House in discuss-
ing the nients of this question as to whether this
corps is necessary for the efficiency of the Army
or not. I will only say that this bill comes here
without the sanction of the War Department, and
without the sanction of those who an: responsible
for the success of the Army. I think, therefore,
;| that we ought not to sustain it.
j| This is too important a bill to pass in this lmr-
\\ ried way. It proposes to add twenty thousand
i men to our present large Aimy, and it proposes
| to pay them higher pay than we are now paying
.] to our soldiers. I have high respect for the Com-
ij mittee on Military Affaiis, yet I cannot vote for
'! this bill, which they report to us without being
ii able to say that it has the appiobation of the au-
I thorities who are responsible to us forthcconduct
j of* tins war. It seems to me that this bill ought
\\ not t<> he passed by this House, and I hope that
'i it wdl be rejected.
j Mr. TPdMBLE. I trust the gentleman from
: Illinois will not object to my saying a few words
I - on this subject.
II Mr. Speaker, I am not disposed to make any
captious objection to this bill for the organization
of an engineer corps. It may be necessary; and
when 1 am convinced of its necessity for the suc-
cessful operation of'our forces,1 am ready to vote
for it; but not till then. It has been stated by
several gentlemen who have occupied the floor,
that our Army, up to the present time, at least, ,
so far as we have been informed, has not felt the
want of an engineer corps. We have bridges
built, field works thrown up, and fortifications
erected, and I have never heard of the necessity
of any addition to our engineer corps. 1 venture
to say, if there had been a full regiment ofen'gi-
neersunderGeneral Lander, in Western Virginia,
they could not have built, like the western volun-
teers, a bridge between " dark and daylight." In
almost every regiment of our Army we hnvc-reg-
ularly educated military men, who are not only
soldiers, but engineers. Their education neces-
sarily makes them such. We havealso among our
volunteers many railroad engineers, superintend-
ents, and constructors of railroads. It is doubtful
whether there is a western regiment which cannot
furnish on an hour's notice all the men you pro-
pose to organize under this bill into an engineer
company.
It is a little remarkable thatduringthe progress
of this war no movement of this sort has been
made under the direction of the President or the
Secretary of War. If there had been so great a
necessity for it, I think we would have heard of
it before now.
Mr. Speaker, in connection with* this subject,
the use to which this engineer corps is to be ap-
plied has been understood to bethatof construct-
ing railroads. I do not say that that is the sole
purpose, or any part of the purpose of this engi-
neer corps. But I may be permitted to say here
that after reading the President's message I was
induced to believe that the influence of the Presi-
dent would be given to the extension of the rail-
road from Danville, Kentucky, to Knoxville,
Tennessee. He believed that to be an important
military necessity. Though I have great respect
for the'Piesident and bis opinions, I beg leave to
differ with him upon this subject. I have inves-
tigated this subject, not within the last twenty-four
hours or the last week, but I have been examining
it ever since I read his message. Various reasons
led me to that investigation. Many of my dearest
friends and relatives are located near to this road.
There is not a man upon this floor, not except-
ing the delegation from Kentucky, who would be
more gratified in rendering any aid or assistance
to that people than myself if it could be done with-
out sacrificing the great public interests of the
country.
Now, sir, I introduced, afew days ago, a reso-
lution of inquiry, requesting the President of the
Unittd States to inform us whether he had ordered
or contracted for the building of a railroad from
Nieholasville, Kentucky, to'"Knoxville, Tennes-
see. I did so because I had been informed, by
what I supposed to be good authority, that such
a thing was in contemplation, if it had not already
been inaugurated. We have received no reply to
that inquiry; but I presume I may be permitted to
say that I al'terwardsreceived information from one
who I supposed was well informed upon the sub-
ject, coiroborating what I bad previously heard.
But it is not necessary that I should refer to pri-
vate information. Rhasbeen acknowledged upon
this floor dining this discussion by several gen-
tlemen that this road was now actually in the way
of construction. I reiterate what thegentleman
from Iowa said, that there is no portion of coun-
try in the United States over which it would be
more difficult to construct a railroad than this route
between Nicholasville,Kentucky, and Knoxville,
Tennessee. The veiy topography of the country
proves it. You cannot find a single stream run-
ning in the direction of this proposed road. In
the progress of that road, you cross the ridges,
you cross the hills,and you cannot follow a water-
! course anywhere. I appeal to tho good sense of
! any railroad man, or of any man who has had any
j connection with railroad matters, whether it is not
bad policy always to take any other route than
that in the direction of the water-courses. Letany
man take a map of the United States, and he will
find that all the water-courses have to be crossed
on this hue at right angles, and that you follow
none of them. I have been in that country, and I
know whereof I speak when I say that you can-
