1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
not build a good railroad in that country for less
than $60,000 a mile.
I know that the engineers of various companies
throughout the country have made estimates of
what those various roads would cost. The esti-
mates might be ten or twenty thousand dollars a
mile; and I can now point out roads to you every
one of which have cost from two to three times as
much as the estimates of the engineers. There is
a road passing through my section of the country,
the first estimated cost of which was $10,000 a
mile; the second $20,000; and yet that road of less
than two hundred miles in length, has already cost
upwarda of thirteen millions of dollars, and it is
not more than half finished to-day. Now, the
country over which this proposed road passes is
a great deal worse than that over which the road I
have referred to passes, for all your hills and val-
leys are underlaid with solid rock.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman; but the question now before the
House is a motion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and the mer-
its of the bill are not before us.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The discussion has assumed
a very broad latitude. I am perfectly willing that
the bill should go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or anywhere else where
1 may have an opportunity to discuss it. But I will
soon be through with my remarks.
Without going any further into the question of
the feasibility of constructing this road, I have yet
to hear any man say that its construction is a
military necessity. I know that under the law
which we inad vertently passed afew days or weeks
ago, we gave the Piesidentpowerto extend, repair,
and complete railroad and telegraph lines. I do
not believe that such a bill could pass this House
to-day. There are railroads the construction of
which might have been considered, and which
might be considered to-day,asamilitary necessity.
I might say that the Baltimore and Ohio road was
a military, necessity, and yetwe chose to abandon
it to the enemy, and we have not possession of it
to-day. We probably might have saved to the
Government double the cost of the construction
ofa railroad from Danville, Kentucky, to Knox-
ville, Tennessee, even if that road should have
cost $G0,000 a mile. We might say that military
necessity requires the construction of a double
track from this city to Baltimore. I da not drnbt
it, and yet the President and Secretary of War
have not sought the power to construct that double
track. The city of Washington has only one
single track of rond leading into it, upon which
all the tianspoi tatioti of tioops, .supplies for the
Army, con! and food for the inhabitants is to bo
transpoued, and yet, ko far as I know, no appli-
cation has boon made for power to construct a
double track.
Still, here in Tennessee, where you have only
one small column of the Army, you have granted
a power to construct a road which, taking into
consideration the curves of the road, will not be
less than one hundred and eighty miles long.
Gentlemen tallcabout lliis being constructed in six
months or a year. It cannot bo done, if all the
power and all the energy of the Government were
expended on it. Itwould be impossible from the
very nature of the country through which it runs.
It is said that we have possession of the Louis-
ville and Nashville road only to Nashville. We
certainly will, if we can hope from former success,
soon have possession of the whole of that road
extending to Chattanooga, and that will give us
possession of the Tennessee and Virginia road
passing tluougli Knoxvilic, Now, 1 state it here (
as my opinion that you can go to Cincinnati on J
Monday next, on the supposition that you alt^ady ,
have a road from Danville to Ivnoxville, and con- <
tract for the tiansmission of freight and troops to j
Memphis,Tennessee, and from there by railroad 1
to Ivnoxville, for less money than you can con- !
tract' to carry them from Cincinnati, by the Cov- |
ington, Lexington, and Ivnoxville road. It may t
be a little longer round by way of Louisville and J
Memphis to Ivnoxville; but when we take into
consideiation the character of the country, and
the necessary curves which will have to be adopted '
in the speedy construction of the. road, which will 1
not admit of the tunneling of mountains and of ;
deep cuttings,itwillnotbe amuchlongerroute. I :
think we may predict that in less than thirty days !
we shall have possession of all those points, and i
then we have a continuous road to Knoxville.
Where, then, is the urgent immediate military ne-
cessity for the construction of this road, which any
man can see cannot be completed in six months?
I wish merely to add, thatwf this engineer corps,
to the amount of twenty-five thousand men, or any
portion of it, is to be employed in the construc-
tion of railroads, when no one pretends to say
they are a military necessity, I am opposed to it.
But I am opposed to it for another reason. We
had an outburst of economy here day before yes-
terday, when we reduced the cavalry force from
seventy-five or eighty thousand men to fifty thou-
sand. And now we are ready, upon the heel of
that, to create by this bill a much larger force to
be employed for other purposes, adding much
greater expense to the Governmentthan has been
saved by the reduction of cavalry regiments.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I must interrupt the gentle-
man.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I should like to have con-
cluded the remarks I proposed to make on this
subject; but if thegentleman insists upon thefloor,
I must yield.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I yielded only for ten words,
and I do not think I have been much wanting in
courtesy to the gentleman from Ohio in yielding
thus long. 1 do not care to discuss the merits of
this proposition, for I have not investigated it.
What I wanted to say has reference more to this
particular road than to the engineer corps. When
the President and Secretary of War say that it is
necessary, why, then I am in favor of sustaining
them and granting them authority to finish the
road, and the means to do it. I shall not yield to
gentlemen from the border States in my confidence
m the integrity and straightforwardness and up-
rightness of the President of the United States. 1
am not going to give him into their hands to be
patronized at all. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Blair, of
Missouri] was entitled to the floor for one hour
to close the debate.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say some-
thing about the bill which has been before the
House and occupying its attention without hav-
ing received any notice at all, and pending which
nothing but the railroad question has been dis-
cussed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I called the previous question
upon the motion to refer only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how that can be done. The previous question
will exhaust itself on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill, if it is not referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not desire to
have the bill referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If the House
are not disposed to vote for the bill I want them
to vote it down here now, and not let it hereafter
he resuriected like a ghost to take up more of the
time of the House, and afford a vehicle for the
discussion of the railroad question.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds to discuss the merits of the bill, I hope he
will allow me to say a few words.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii. No, sir; I cannot.
I do not intend to have any more lailroad discus-
sion upon this bill, if I can help it When the
railroad question comes up the gentleman can dis-
cuss it.
I cannot account for the hallucination, strange
and unaccountable, which has taken possession
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] in ref-
erence to this bill. He opposes it because, if the
bill is passed, the engineers authorized to be raised
under it may be employed to build a certain iail-
road. Why, sir, he might as well oppose the or-
ganization of a volunteer force to put down this
rebellion because the President might, in his dis-
cretion, invade Canada with it. He does not pre-
tend to know anything of the fact he states here.
I do not believe he states it as a fact at all. He
simply speaks of this thing as a possible contin-
gency; and while it is admitted upon all handy that
a volunteer engineer corps is essontial to the effi-
ciency of the Army, an engineer corps is not to be
allowed, for fear the President will do something
underhand with it. That is the whole argument
addressed to the House—the apprehension that if
this bill is passed, the President will be guilty of
some underhand conduct,'and build a railroad
under it which the gentleman does not want to
have built! I say that the gentleman's remarks
had no sort of application to the bill pending, and
I endeavored to keep him to the discussion of the
bill. 1 had no objection to his stating that he sus-
pected the President and the Administration of
this, that, or the other; but I did object to the dis-
cussion of the practicability and feasibility of
building a railroad in a particular portion of the
country upon a bill of this description.
Now, sir, that this corps is essential to the Army
andtoitsefficiencj cannot be better illustrated than
by the fact that already men have been mustered
into the service as engineers, without there being
any law under which they could be mustered in,
and they have done service.
The gentleman from Iowa undertakes to say
that the Army has marched without engineers. I
say it has not marched without engineers. There
have beeit engineers accompanying it, but they
have simply failed to get the pay of engineers.
Mr, WILSON. I did not deny that the Army
has engineers. I gave the gentleman credit for the
statement which he made, that a few companies
had been organized. That was all he stated,and
I admit that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman did
not give me credit for all I stated then, because J
said that something more than a few companies
had been organized. I stated that one company,
in the Missouri department, had been organized,
before the meeting of Congress at its extra ses-
sion, by Brigadier General Lyon, and that a regi-
ment and some other companies had since been
organized in that department. The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Kellogg] stated that there
is now a regiment in Kentucky, under the com-
mand of General Buell. And 1 stated that there
is another regiment at Hilton Head, under the
command of General Sherman, and that there is
another regiment here, and I understand there aie
two. In all, there are five or six regiments; and
not only a few companies.
Mr. WILSON. Five or six regiments in all?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. To my knowledge,
from information derived here to-day upon this •
floor. There may be more, and I think it possi-
ble that there are more, in independent companies
and in regimental organizations. 1 have no doubt
there are all the engineers mustered now that the
President will desire to have mustered under this
bill if it shall pass.
Mr. WILSON. Then why is it necessary to
pass this bill, excepting so much of it as is em-
braced in the last section, or the last but one?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Simply for the rea-
son that the bill of the last session does not au-
thorize the raising of engineers at all.
Mr. WILSON. Then the last section but one
of this bill is all that is needed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That section only
relates to the pay of the engineers that have been
in service. The bill proposes to continue them in
service.
Mr. WILSON. Well, then, why is it neces-
sary to provide that there shall be an organization
amounting to one company to each brigade in the
service, if the President now has all the engineers
that are needed > Why not legalize their muster-
ing in, and provide for their payment, and let it
rest there ?
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. Because the Presi-
dent may think more are necessary, and there
should be a law under which they can be mus-
tered into the service.
Mr. WILSON. lias he so stated?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He has not so stated.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Iowa had a good
deal to say about this matter before 1 came into
the House, and I understand that the gentleman
stated—and another gentleman has so stated since
I came into the House—that this bill will create
a force of twenty-five thousand men.
Mr. WILSON. Thegentleman will permit me
to correct him, so far as I am concerned. I stated
that I had information that the number of brigades
now in the service is about one hundred and'fifty.
Other gentlemen have stated that they number
two hundred. If the number is one hundred and
fifty, the force would be nineteen thousand; if two
