1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
transactions, the steps successively taken, nor the
order in which they were taken, nor the dates of
time when they were taken. Suffice it to say the
consummating act was a submission to the voters
of the State, on the day of the August election,
whether they would attach themselves to the self-
styled southern confederacy by the formula of
voting " for" or "against the permanent constitu-
tion" of the southern confederacy. In the three
districts composing what is called in that State
East Tennessee, candidates were presented for
the confederate congrcss and also for the Congress
ofthcUnited States. The question was submitted
directly, through the announcement of the candi-
dates in the usual form, during the canvass and
at the polls, whether the people would be repre-
sented at Richmond or at Washington. Those
three districts voted, by large majorities, to be
represented in the Congress of the United States,
under the flag of which they were born and hoped
to die. They also voted, by similarly large
majorities, against attaching themselves to the
southern confederacy, and voted "against the
permanent constitution" of that body. The two
gentlemen who were elected from the first and
third districts of East Tennessee, left their homes
to attend the last session of Congress. What
befell them by the way is generally known, I pre-
sume, to members of the House. In the fourth
district, which Mr. Clemens claims to represent,
I am informed that there were three candidates
put forward for the confederate congress, and
that he—nominated and supported as a candidate
for the Congress of the United States—received
more votes in the district than either one of the
other three gentlemen. He claims to be lawfully
elected. I hardly need add that the election was
held on the day and at the time fixed by the con-
stitution and laws of the State of Tennessee, as
they have existed for many years past. Having
examined the facts of the case, of which I had
not previous satisfactory knowledge, I have no
doubt that he is entitled to represent that constit-
uency, and move that he be now admitted to a
seat accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee, if this election took
place on the same day of his own election?
Mr. MAYNARD. The same day.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman the means
of informing the House of the number of votes
polled upon that occasion in the fourth district?
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not. It is properthat
I should state that the proofs which this gentle-
man is able to bring arc to some extent informal
in their character—necessarily so, growing out of
the disturbed condition of that partofthe country.
The district lies wholly in Middle Tennessee, and
not in East Tennessee.
Mr. DAWES. Itseems to me that no injustice
can be done by referring the papers to the Com-
mittee of Elections. I hope the committee may
be able to make a speedy report upon these eases.
Itseems to me that the gentlemen coming here,
undct the peculiar circumstances, as those gentle-
men must necessarily do who come from those
districts, can hardly think it a hardship imposed
upon them, if their credentials, in the first in-
stance, are referred to that committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am instructed by Mr.
Clemens, if any member of the House prefers
that the papers should be so referred, and the
motion is made, not to object to it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not rise to make the
motion. I suggest to my friend from Tennessee,
whether he had not better himself make the motion.
I do not desire to make it myself.
Mr. GRIDER. There is but one question in-
volved in this application for a seat: and that is,
whether, 111 the present attitude of affairs in Ten-
nessee, the Union people of Tennessee could elect
a Repu-scntative to this Hall and to this Govern-
ment, under the original constitution of the State
of Tennessee and under the laws of Tennessee as
they originally stood upon the day originally
fixed for the election. All that, as I understand^
has been literally conformed to in the election of;
Dr. ci.LMi.Nb. lie lived across the lines not far ,
A urn 111 y district, in Kentucky. I have some ac- ,
quaintancc with him. He is one of the gentle- ,
men from Tennessee who had to come o\ei to ,
Kentucky to seek protection. I mingled with the i
troops upon that line, and with his neighbors and (
friends who voted for him. It is hardly necessary !
to suggest to the House, that in addition to the
only question which can originate in this case, as
I have stated, this further fact should be con-
sidered: that of course Dr. Clemens cannot pro-
cure the certificate of the Governor, or of the
agencies which might, according to the laws of
Tennessee, certify to the regularity of his election
to this House. Other than that, I apprehend that
he is entitled to his seat. I am sure he is a gen-
tleman of consideration; and that perhaps it would
be more agreeable to him to be sworn in at once.
But if it is the rule of the House that the papers
should be referred to a committee, of course he
will very cordially submit to any investigation
the House may desire, or which the committee
may deem proper to make in his case.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have been unable to hear
anything of this discussion, and if it is in order,
I will move to refer the papers to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. MAYNARD. The motion will not be
resisted if it is made.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the papers were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
president's message.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I now ask that the Presi-
dent's message be taken up and read.
No objection being made, the message was
read. [It will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the mes-
sage and the accompanying; documents be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
printing of extra copies.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that fifty thou-
sand extra copies be printed for the use of the
House of Representatives.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. COLFAX. I offer a resolution for the
printing of extra copies of the diplomatic corre-
spondence accompanying the message, for which
the public is looking with much anxiety.
The resolution was read, as follows, and re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand extra copies of the
diplomatic correspondence from the State Department, ac-
companying the President's message, be printed fot tiie use
of the liou-e.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is usual to have a copy
of the message and documents bound m pamphlet
form for each member. I move that that be also
done.
The SPEAKER. That motion has been re-
ceived and referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not understand the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois to go to
that extent. My motion is for the printing of
one copy of the message and accompanying doc-
uments, to be bound m pamphlet form for each
member.
The motion was received and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports.
Mr. VANDEVER (at twenty minutes after
one o'clock, p.m.) moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
confiscation HILL.
Mr. BINGHAM. In pursuance of notice given
yesteiday, I desire to introduce a bill in relation
to the subject which has been postponed until
Tuesday next. It is a bill to forfeitthe property
and slaves of persons who shall engage in or aid
and abet rebellion against the United States.
There being no objection, the bill received its
first and second readings, and its consideration
was postponed until this day week.
expulsion op a member.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to a question of privilege.
I offer the following resolution:
Wheicas, Henry C. a member of this House
iiom tne Stale of Kentucky, m open rebellion against the
Government of the United t^tatc-s: Theietcne,
RaolvcL That the said I'rnsrTr he. and he is heiehy,
expelled fiom this Ilou-e. and that the Govomoi of the
htate of Kentucky he nmihed <>t Ins expulsion,
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of this House be
directed not to pay to said Burnett his salary accruing since
the close of the extra session of this Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the
resolutions as a question of privilege.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Mr. Speaker, I intended
at the proper time to have submitted some such
proposition with an obituary notice of my late
colleague. [Laughter.] He is, sir, not in armed
rebellion; he heads a provisional government of
Kentucky—a revolutionary convention. Not sat-
isfied with the action of the Congress of the United
States and its efforts to maintain the Union, or
with the course which the Legislature and people
of his own State have adopted, he has assumed
the important duty of organizing a government
for the better protection of the lives, liberty, and
property of the people of Kentucky; and in this
undertaking he has the military cooperation of a
man by the name of Simon Buckner, who is not
only assimilated in name, but in practice is much
more wicked than Simon Getty was when he
headed the Indians to conquer Kentucky on its
first settlement.
I do not know that this resolution will dethrone
him from his position as president of that con-
vention, nor do 1 desire to trespass upon the
House with a speech in answer to the complaints
which that convention has made of the treatment
of citizens of Kentucky. Three times, sir, has
that gallant State declared by overwhelming ma-
jorities that she will not leave the United States
in pursuit of strange gods, or connect herself with
this so-called southern republic; and in viola*
tion of that declaration, thus three times made—
more than two thirds of the representatives of the
people assembled in their Legislature, defining
and declaring their position—we have been libeled
by that convention, who declare that the Union
^party of Kentucky has disregarded the personal,
"civil, and political rights of the people of Ken-
tucky, and that this relief, kindly sent to us, is
to protect those rights. Ah, sir, we were de-
ceived. We were told by the executive of the
so-called southern confederacy that he intended
to respect the position which Kentucky had
assumed for herself, and which has not been un-
derstood generally throughout the United States.
The Union men of Kentucky never did deny the
authority and right of the Federal Government to
occupy any portion of her soil for military pur-
poses. They only requested it might not he
done. All the obligations which the Constitu-
tion imposes upon her as a State, in her sover-
eign capacity, in her Legislature, and by her
representatives in convention, she acknowledged
and expressed her readiness to fulfill. It was
only through a proclamation issued by the Exec-
utive of that State that her position was misun-
derstood, and that proclamation was denounced
by the Legislature.
Sir, a diplomatic corps was organized by the
Executive of Kentucky; two messengersof peace
were sent to the President of the United Stales,
and one to the president of the so-called southern
confederacy, to know what they intended to do
with Kentucky. The one said that he intended
to obey the laws and Constitution of the United
States, in accordance with what he believed to be
the will of a majority of the people of Kentucky,
the other said that he intended to regard and re-
spect this neutrality as it was understood by the
secession party of Kentucky. I believe their neu-
trality, in practice, was a refusal to do anything
to support the Union, while they aided and as-
sisted by sending men and means and subsistence
to the southern confederacy. While, however,
the president of the southern confederacy prom-
ised this, he did not tell the people of Kentucky
of an organized plan which had been formed to
invade that State simultaneously at three points
which were undefended and unprotected; he did
not tell us that he had upon the statute-book a law
passed in secret session providing money and men,
not to sustain Kentucky against oppression, but
to conquer her and carry her into the southern
confederacy against the will of a majority of two
thirds of the whole State. Now, sir, we in Ken-
tuckyaiv placed in this situation; about one fourth
of our State is under the government of a provis-
ional governor—George W, Johnson, I believe,
his name is—who has been sent to see the goy-
ermnerit at Richmond; and president Burnett is
still ji) the activc discharge of his duties as presi-
