1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
KM
hundred, it would amount to more than twenty-
five thousand. That was my statement.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The President is
simply authorized by this hill, in the event that
he shall deem it essential to the' efficiency of the
Army, to fill up this corps to that number. The.
bill does not require that he shall muster in an-
other man as an engineer. It does not require that
there shall be twenty-five or twenty or fifteen or
ten thousand. It simply gives the President dis-
cretion—if he can be intrusted with that discre-
tion—to muster into service this number of en-
gineers, if he shall deem it essential and necessary.
It authorizes him to do it, in other words, to the
number of one company for each brigade, but it
does not require that the number of regiments or
companies shall be brought up to that number at
all. And if the gentleman from Iowa desires to
put a limitation upon it; if he will take the risk or
making a limitation and narrowing it down, in-
stead of attacking the bill for something that is
not in it, and talking about railroads on an en-
gineer bill; if he will apply himself to the bill, and
show how many or how few are necessary, and
give good reasons to the House for making the
limitation,I shall be very much obliged to him.
Mr. WILSON. I repeat the statement made
by the gentleman himself, and that is, that the
President has now, so far as the gentleman is in-
formed, a sufficient number of engineers in the
Army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, it seems
that the President, on account of the hasty legis-
lation of the last session of Congress, which did
not authorize him to muster in engineers at all,
deeming that it was essential to the service, has
authorized the generals commanding in the differ-
ent departments to muster in men as engineers;
and it is presumed that he has given that authoiity
to the extent that it has been deemed necessary
and proper up to the present time; but events may
arise, the condition of affairs may be such, that the
generals in command of the Army and the Presi-
dent, who is the superior of them all, may think
that there are still more of this corps necessary,
and this bill simply gives to the President that
authority and the sanction of law for what he has
done, and what I conceive he has done wisely;
and at the same time itgives him authority of law
to increase this force still more if he shall deem
it proper or important or for the benefit of the
service.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING. I wantto inquire
of the gentleman from Missouri whether he deems
this bill necessary m order to ratify and confirm
the acts of the President in mustering engineers
into service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 do, sir. It is
necessary in order that the engineers may be paid
as engineers; and it is necessary in order that
they may be equipped as engineers. Now, I state
to the gentleman from New York that the engineer
regiment at St. Louis have never been paid as
engineers.
Mr. ItOSCOE CONKLING How have they
been paid?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. They have been
paid as infantry; and when they are called upon
to perform those labors incident to the engineer
service—for instance, to build bridges or make
roads or throw up field works—then, by regula-
tion, they are allowed forty cents a day additional
per man; and General Halleck's opinion is that
it is cheaper for the Government to have them as
engineers, regularly trained to their work, with
the implements and equipments belonging to that
branch of the service, rather than to depend on
infantry to do the work, and to pay them, in ad-
dition, forty cents a day, while they have little
preparation for the proper execution ot the work.
When the gentleman from Ohio propounded to
me the other day the question whether any De-
partment of the Government had sanctioned this
organization, I answeied him truthfully. I stated
to him that it was not recommended to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs by any part of the
Administration, but that the Administration had
given its high sanction to it by mustering into ser-
vice five or six regiments of engineer volunteers.
That is the fact. I have since been at the pains
to procure a letter addressed by Secretary Cam-
eron to Colonel Sen ill, commanding a volunteer
engineer regiment from New York. It is dated
" War Department, September 21." It informs
him that his offer to furnish a regiment of volun-
teer officers and soldiers is accepted by the De-
partment, subject to the approval of Governor
Morgan, as one of the quota of twenty-five regi-
ments authorized by him. This letter is signed
" Simon Cameron." Colonel Serrill writes to me
from Port Royal, where he says eight of his com-
panies are in the field and in service, that on every
pay day, when they go to get their pay, they are
met by the paymasters with a flat refusal; and it
requires an absolute order from the commanding
general of the department to have them paid as
engineer soldiers. This recurs on every pay day.
In some places, where the commanding general is
not willing to take the responsibility of giving
such an absolute and direct answer, they are not
paid at all.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. There are now
near this city two regiments from the State of New
York, which were enlisted as engineers, which
have been doing duty as engineers at the navy-
yard, building pontoon bridges, which were mus-
tered into the United States service as infantry,
and which have been paid only as infantry. They
were enlisted as engineers under a similar orderto
that read by the gentleman from Missouri, signed
by Secretary Cameron. Colonel Stewart is in the
command of one of them, and Colonel John Mc-
Leod Murphy is in command of the other. They
have been diligently employed for a number of
months pastin building pontoon bridges; and they
are now under orders to proceed with their pon-
toon bridges. It is eminently proper that these
men, having done duty as engineers, should re-
ceive pay as engineers of the Army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What I complain
of m the matter is this: here is a simple proposi-
tion, brought forward by one of the committees
of the House, to recognize the acts of the Admin-
istration in organizing these five or six engineer
regiments; or probably there may be, with the
independent companies, six or seven regiments
in the service. A bill of this kind, leaving with
the President the authoiity, in his discretion, to
extend its application, if lie thinks necessary and
proper, is attacked fiom one side of the House,
and a clamor is raised against the bill on the purest
supposition, on the most far-fetched supposition,
that these men might be employed to do a cer-
tain work which those gentlemen who make the
attack do not desire to have done.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether the provision in-
serted in the second section of the bill, subjecting
volunteer engineer corps to the rules and regula-
tions of war, is not an absolute requirement under
the present legislation of the country; in other
words, whether there is any existing law at all by
winch volunteerenginccrs can be so organized and
subjected ?
Mr. BLAIPt, of Missouri. No, sir; there is no
existing law on the subject. There is no such
thing as volunteer engineers known to the laws
now.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I supposed.
Mr. BLAIll, of Missouri. We have, as I said
before, five or six regiments in the field doing this
service, whose organization has been deemed so
essential that the President has departed from the
law, and has, m advance of the law, authorized
their organization. Circumstances may arise
which would make it necessary to augment that
force. Hence the bill was introduced. It has been
assailed by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] on the ground that these men might be al-
lowed to build railroads. Why, sir, it does not
make a particle of difference in regard to the rail-
road referred to whether this bill be passed or not.
If the President wishes to have a railroad built,
he can have it done just as well if this bill be de-
feated as if it be passed. It will not make a par-
ticle of difference to him in that respect. He can
employ civil engineers, and the laborers necessary
for the work. There is no kind of difficulty about
it. This bill does not prevent him doing it, if de-
feated, nor does it aid«him if it become a law.
And I say that it does not become the gentleman
to make an attack of this kind on the Administra-
tion, or to assume that it intends to do anything
underhand m this matter.
Mr. WILSON. I have not made any direct at-
tack on the Administration. 1 have taken the Ad-
mimstration as doing what the gentleman trom
Missouri says; and that is, that neither the Pres-
ident, Secretary of War, nor any other head of
Department, has intimated to his committee or to
this House that this engineer corps is necessary.
That is no attack on the Administration.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, take the
gentleman at his word; if the President and Sec-
retary of War are so well convinced of the neces-
sity of having a volunteer engineer corps, that
they will in advance of the law, and without any
law at all, organize such regiments, I think that
that is as strong an expression as the President
or Secretary of War could employ in the recom-
mendation of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Has not the gentleman already
stated to the House that the President has now in
the employment of the Government all the engi-
neers necessary; and if so, I ask him why does
he not so amend the bill as to legalize the act of
the President in mustering into service these engi-
neer regiments, and to provide for their payment
as engineers?
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I have
attempted to answer both the interrogatories ofthe
gentleman once before, and I will make another
effort. I said that I presumed that when the Pres-
ident took upon himself to authorize the organi-
zation of the volunteer engineer regiments now in
existence, he authorized all that he or the com-
manding general deemed absolutely essential at
the time. I did not say, in the language which
the gentleman puts in my mouth, that the Presi-
dent had all the engineers he wanted, but that I
presumed he had authorized the organization ot
as many as he deemed to be absolutely essential,
to the service up to that time. I said in addition,
that in the progress of this war it might possibly
and very probably be necessary to augment thaf
corps to some extent, and that the bill was in-
tended both to provide for those who had been or-
ganized, to legalize them, pay them, and equip
them as engineers, as long as the President deems
their service essential, and also to give him the
power and authority to augment the corps to such
extent as he may deem best for the service of the
Government. That is the reason why the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs have chosen to frame
the bill in this manner, instead of in the manner
which the gentleman suggests.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The idea of a
railroad in connection with this bill seems to haunt
the minds of a good many members. I would
like to ask the gentleman from Missouri whether
there is any railroad, directly or indirectly, either
expressed or covered up, in this bill?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is no rail-
road that I know of, except in the imagination of
the gentleman from Iowa; and it is a pure imagi-
nation on his part, I believe.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand the gen-
tleman. Docs he not say that no such thing was
contemplated on the part of the Government as
the construction of the railroad to which I have
referred ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I did not say any-
thing about that.
Mr. WILSON. Then I misunderstood you.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. The gentleman from
New York said that the bill seemed to be opposed
because of the railroad discussion that was got
up about it, and he wanted to know from me
whether there was any railroad covered up in this
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I did not hear the question of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. And I responded to
that, that I did not know that there was anyrail-
j1 road in the bill, or anywhere else, except in -the
J imagination of the gentleman from Iowa; that it
] j was purely a thing of his imagination, so far as I
h , ...
J Mr. WILSON. So far as the railroad to which
j I have referred is concerned, the gentleman has
•I not got information; because it lias been insisted
I! by other gentlemen on the floor that the Govern-
1 ment does intend to build this road, and that it
should be built.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. There are thousands
of miles of railroads m that section of country,
but they have nothing to do with this bill. They
have nothing more to do with it than has the rail-
road of which the gentleman from Iowa speaks;
and that is the very point of complaint which I
make against the gentleman, that he will make
such a covert attack on a bill of this kind, instead
