1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
upon these roads. The roach were, in fact, made
three several distinct roads,and the company was
authorized 10 charge fare between the teunini of
either of the roads. A party, therefore, starting
at the navy-yard? corning up to Seventh street,
and passing to Boundm y street, would have to
pay double fare. The Senate bill has provided
tiiat a party may travel upon the mam road and
upon either ehd of either of the branches for the
same fare fixed by ihe House bill. They have
cut off everything like double fare. It was pro-
vided in the House bill that double fare might
be charged. Instead of making these roads upon
the cross streets, branch roads, as we have made
them,they made them three several and distinct
roads; and, therefore, a party changing from one
road to the other would be compelled to pay fare
again. That is not the case now, and therefore I
do not see anything very desnable in being a cor-
porator under the bill as it now stands.
As to-its being a monopoly, if they aie to build
the road, of course the stockholders are welcome
to the monopoly such as it is. I think there is
nothing objectionable in that; and my idea is we
shall the sooneraccomphsh the important fact that
we all desire—the speedy construction of the road
—by adopting the bill as we now have it.
I doubt extremely whether we can get a better
bill. The Senator from Maine and myself have
spent much time upon it, and I am satisfied that
we can make nojjeuer bill than we have got. Of
course another committee might make a vastly
better bill, but my impression is that we have
guarded in the bill against everything that might
tend to confer what has been termed a monopoly
on these corporators. If they will construct this
road, and carry passengers as they are compelled
to cairy them, according to the terms fixed m the
bill, I think they will have nothing to boast of; and
that gives the reason, I will suggest to the Senator
from Kansas, why we struck out the provision
compelling them to pay three per cent, to the cor-
porations of Washington and Geoigetown. We
struck it out for the reason that we compel these
roadsto carry passengers for half, almost a third,
anyhow hnlf, of the amount fixed by the House bill.
Mr. GRlVlES. And you mx them besides.
Mr. HENDERSON. We permit the city cor-
porations to tax them, certainly,and I doubt very
much whether this tax will not be superior indeed
to that which was fixed in the House bill. Now,
sir, taking it altogether, I think it is a good bill as
it stands. I have no interest in it at all. My
object has been to strike out all those provisions ;
in the bill which looked to giving a monopoly to
these corporators. I hope the bill will pass as it
now stands amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my honorable
friend from Missouri that my motion is not a hos-
tile one to the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not so understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted fo r nearly every
proposition of amendment, but here is the princi-
pal difficulty: if wo send this bill back to the House
of Representatives with thirty or forty amend-
ments, it goes to the Speaker's table, and it is
doubtful when it will be reached in order there.
It may not come up for a long time; and when it
is readied, by the rules of the House it must be
referred to a committee, or if not referred, it must
be taken up and each amendment voted on sepa- :
rately. The yeas arid nays may be called oil each
amendment, and that process takes half an hour
in each case. Debate will spring lip. You can-
not restrain debate. You cannot pass a bill of this !
kind, which excites hostility, through the other
House so readily as you can even through the •
Senate, and it has taken us nearly n day to get :
through these amendments. Therefore, ill order !
to get at a practical result, what do I propose? ;
You have now the measure of the Senate com-
mittee matured. You have also the measure of j
the House as they sent it to us. You have the
original proposition. If you adopt the course I j
suggestion the motion of the Senator fiom Maine i
a committee of conference will be immediately '
appointed. That being a privileged question, will
be agreed to at once by the House; it is always
assented to as a matter of courtesy. The whole
matter then goes before them; the action of both i
Houses; both bills, with ail the amendments go
before thecommittee of conference, and when then-
report is made to the House of Representatives it
is a privileged question. Theiecan be but one
vote, and that is, shall the report of the committee
of conference be agreed to? It is the same way
in the Senate. In order to expedite this matter,
therefore, and have some bill that may be agreed
upon in both Houses, I make this motion; and I
believe that unless we do it, the subject may not
be taken up again during the session of the House
of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Ohio that all the
amendments to the House amendment have been
adopted; and the question now being upon con-
curring in the House amendment with these
amendments, if that be rejected these amendments
will not go with the bill back to the House of Rep-
resentatives; nothing but the bill will go back with
the amendments of the House disagreed to by the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that perfectly;
the whole of our action falls; but that action will
be before the committee of conference, and they
may take up all these bills. As a matter of course,
the Senate committee of conference will feel bound
by the votes already taken in the Senate as indic-
ative of the sense of the Senate; that is all the com-
mittee of conference is bound by. You must have
a committee of conference in the end, and I think
we had better have it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, as amended?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bufoie that vote is taken,
I desire to say that it seems to me we are throw-
ing away by this process all that we have done
to-day. We have been at work upon this bill try-
ing to perfect it for some two or three hours; we
have made various amendments to it, some by
yeas and nays: and now it is proposed formally
just to reject all that we have done to-day, reject
the amendment of the House of Representatives,
and disagree to Jt for the purpose of raising a
committee of conference. If that is the sense of
the Senate, be jt so; but I think it would be bet-
ter to adopt in the Senate, as amendments to the
amendment of the House, the various propositions
which have been agreed to in committee hero to-
day, then send it to the House, and if the House
disagrees to our amendments we can have a com-
mittee of conference. Wc need not call for one
at this stage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already fully ex-
plained the matter. When these amendments go
back to the House of Representatives it is doubt-
ful when they can be taken up there, and when
they are taken up you have thirty or forty amend-
ments to be acted upon separately, on winch you
must have separate votes. Is it not better to let
this matter go to a committee of conference now,
as wiH be the case in the end, and have the whole
action of both Houses before the committee ? The
whole matter will be before both Houses, and you
will have but one vote instead of several.
Mr. TRUMBULL, That is the very thing I
object to. I object to this committee of conference
legislation. Bills are passed m that way that never
have the consideration of either House, These
amendments will not be before the committee of
conference at all. In my judgment, the duties of
committees of conference have been, very much
enlarged by a loose sort of practice that has grown
up here, and the powers which they have have
been vciy much abused. It has become the fashion
here for committees of conference to introduce a
new bill as it were, or put new matter upon a
bill. A committee of conference, strictly speak-
ing, would have no right to consider one of these
amendments. What is your committee of con-
ference aboutJ We have passed a bill; the House
of Ropiesentativcs has agreed to that bill with an
amendment; it comes back to the Senate, and the
Senate refuses to agree to the House amendment.
Then what is your committee of confcrence upon ?
It is simply upon that amendment about which
the two Houses disagreed.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the whole bill.
Mr, TRUMBULL. That is the whole bill, if
you please, in this instance, the House amend-
ment being a new bill; but these additional amend-
ments that we have acted upon do not come be-
fore the committee of conference. If the bill is
satisfactory to the Senate, let us pass it and not
i turn our legislation over to a committee of con-
i feretice. What is the effect of that course? When
a bill comes up herein the Senate it is read three
times, it is considered upon different days, and it
goes to a standing committee before it is even con-
sidered in the Senate; but you refer a bill to acom-
mittee of conference, and what then? It comes
back into the Senate, and on some bills there arc
various amendments, the appropriation bills for
instance, to which there arc often forty or fifty
amendments; the committee report that they have
agreed to recommend that the Senate recede from
its forty-ninth amendment,that the House recede
from its fourteenth amendment, that the Senate
adhere to its twentieth amendment, and so on;
and frequently new propositions are introduced
which have never been considered in either
House, and the entire frame of the amendments
is changed. 1 have known a distinct matter to
pass simply on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference. The question submitted to
the Senate is, will the Senate agree to the report
of the committee of conference, and that sometimes
presents a matter that the Senate has never consid-
ered atall. I thinkwe have carried these commit-
tees of conference qtfite far enough, and for my-
self I would rather pass upon this bill and let us
have the sense of the Senate upon it. Then if the
House concurs it is a law, and there is the end
of it; you want no committee of conference.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have never examined
these bills with great care; but it seems to me that
the bill which our committee got up in the first
place was well enough, and we passed it as they
reported it. It had the effective feature in it of
getting up a railroad in a practical manner, leav-
ing the subscriptions open to the community.
That is all I desire. I have been desiring to get
that for several years; but have been constantly
tricked out of it in some way or other. That bill,
as we passed it, was sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the House substituted, by way of
amendment, an entire new bill.
I think many of the objections of the Senator
from Illinois about the management of committees
of conference are very well taken. I think a good
deal as he docs about that. 1 think we have fre-
quently got into the dark and been hoodwinked
by that process. But now, in this case, suppose
we adopt this amendment of the other House as
it has been amended by the Senate; wesenddown
to the House this large number of amendments;
and suppose, as would be very natural, that they
should reject the whole of them, and ask a con-
ference, what then? The conference would be con-
fined, in that case, to these amendments. They
never could get back to the original bill at all, be-
cause they are confined to the points on which the
two Houses differ, and they differ on these amend-
ments to the House bill,and the committee of con-
ference would be confined to that. They might,
to be sure, adopt these amendments with amend-
ments to them; but they could never bring us back
to the original bill. My desire is still, if possible,
to sccuie the passage of the original bill, with
which I am better satisfied for a variety of rea-
sons, and mainly for one which I will now state.
The corporators named in the House bill as it
now stands, or commissioners—for they only
amount to that in one aspect—are a most unrea-
sonable number, a most unmanageable number of
men to open books of subscriptions. There ought
not to be more than three or four of them, but
here theie are thirty of them scattered all over the
country. I dislike the manner m which, as I un-
derstand, they are got in there. Our committee
prepared a bill which we passed in the first place,
naming a few commissioners, or corporators, if
you please—I do not care what you call them—
a reasonable number of them in this city, where
the load is located, for the purpose of taking in
subscriptions and organizing a company in duo
form. The House take it, and down comes an
avalanche of New York men here, who had been
principally practiced in thu " gridiron" system of
railroads m New York, and in and about the lob-
bies of their Legislature, as I suppose. I do not
know one of them. I make no remarks about
them personally; but all at once we find a great
lot of these men named, and on inquinng where
they belong, as near as we can learn, though the
bill does not state, they belong out of this city,
mainly, I believe, in and about New York. I do
not see why that should be so. What would be
thought, if the inhabitants of this city should go
before the Legislature of the State of Now Yoik,
and ask to have a railroad chatter granted to them
