8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
dent of a convention got up by and composed of
young and reckless and desperate men, who have
been assembled in arms under this man Buckner.
The county in which I live purports to be repre-
sented in that convention by delegates sent tliere
to express and carry abroad this idea, that the
Union men of Kentucky and the Union Legisla-
ture, by their acts and Jaws, have been oppressive,
depriving men of their rights, their property, and
their liberty.
Now, sir, as this resolution does not propose
to depose my late colleague from the duties of that
high station, I thought it necessary to tell this
House and the nation how ho came to be thus in-
augurated. The men composing thi3 convention
wore in armed rebellion; soldiers were picked up
at Russelville and at Bowling Green pretending
to representcounties that are loyal and true to this
Government, and declaring that their homes-and
their safety were endangered by the oppressive
acts of the Legislature. They have appointed a
new Governor; they thought they had one that
would do very well, but he had sense enough to
stay at home and administer the laws in the best
way he could with the aid the Legislature had fur-
nished him.
Sir, I have been very much amused, and at the
same time distressed, at finding men, when this in-
vasion had taken place, runningfrom their homes
for fear of being seized and imprisoned. I have
lately seen it stated that a judge of the Federal
court in thatState had fled from oppression. Why„
sir, there was no more intention of imprisoning
that man than there was of a woman in labor in
Kentucky. There was some intention of asking
the Senate to dispose of him this session for in-
compqtcncy or malfeasance in office, but none of
imprisoning him. The Legislature proclaimed at
its last session, in a spirit of magnanimity and
generosity, to all who had taken up the opinion
that it was the duty of Kentucky to make war*
upon these United States, that if they would aban-
don their opposition and unite with the States by-
gones should be bygones, and peace and harmony
would reign. Many sound and safe men have
thus acted, and we are there now upon the eve of
a great contest which will pet haps settle this re-
bellion, and by the blessing of God and by the
aid of the stout hearts and arms of our sister States
in the valley of the Mississippi, I predict that
the hostile foot of a rebel will not be found upon
the sod of Kentucky by the 25th day of Decem-
ber next. [Applause in the galleries.]
The question was taken on the resolutions, and
they were agreed to.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR,.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced resolutions relative to the princi-
ple on which the war should be conducted; which
were postponed until Tuesday next, and ordered
to be printed.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr, STRATTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion touching the riffht of a member to a seat in
this House. I submit the following resolution:
Whereas in the contested election case of John Klirtfc,
contestant. against Hon. John P. Verree, sitting member
from the third distiict of Pennsylvania, nearly the whole
tittle allowed by law lor taking testimony was consumed by
the contestant, Os appears by the recoid, by reason whereof
the fritting: member had not sufficient time to take &uch
rebutting testimony as he desired to take: Tiureloie,
Rooked, That twenty dav.s from the date hereof be al-
lowed the situng member lotake such rebutting testimony
as he may de>ue; that such testimony be taken before the
recorder of the city of Philadelphia, and that said sitting
member give ten days5 notice to the contestant of the times
and places of taking «uch testimony, and the names ot the
witnesses to be examined.
I will merely state the facts connected with this
case.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to ask the
gentleman from New Jersey one question.
Mr, STRATTON. 1 cannot yield the floor.
Mr, \ ALLAND1GHAM. I desire, only to
ask whether this is a case from the Committeeof
Elections?
Mr. STRATTON. It is not.
The SPEAKER, The case presented by the
gentleman from New Jersey is one of privilege;
and t%.e gentleman fio.m JjT.ew Jersey is entitled to
tiie floor
Mr. .STRATTON. Under fhe law of 1851,
withiis thirty days after the result x>f an election
has .been declared by the proper au&oritwa, the
person desiring to contest the seat of a returned
member must give his notice. The answer must
then be served within thirty days, and the testi-
mony closed within sixty days after the answer
has been served.
In this case the contestant gave the notice on
the 9th of November, very soon after the result
of the election had been declared. The answer
was served on the 28th of November, so that the
time within which the testimony must be taken
expired on the 28th of January. On the 27th of
December Kline gave notice that he would pro-
ceed to take testimony on the 8th of January. He
commenced on the 8th, and continued up to the
very last day of the period allowed by law for
taking testimony. Under the law of 1851, by
virtue of which these proceedings took place, the
sitting membpr had no right to give notice of
taking testimony at times and places other than
those named by the contestant until such testi-
mony had been closed, and the sitting member
was left only parts of three days—from the 25th
to the 28th of January—in which he could take
testimony. Here the proceedings closed, the sit-
ting member giving notice of his intention to ask
for leave to take further testimony. He now
prays that reasonable time may be granted him
for taking rebutting testimony. The resolution
requires him to give ten days' notice of the times
and places of taking such testimony, with the
names of the witnesses. I think the proposition
is just and reasonable, and I demand the previous
question on its adoption.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I trust the gentle-
man will not insist on his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. STRATTON. I must insist upon the de-
mand.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
why the Committee of Elections have not reported
upon this case in accordance with the usages of
the House?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, sir, I call
attention to the fact that the Committee of Elec-
tions has failed to report upon this proposition.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is it not in order now to refer
the resolution to the Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not be
in order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. WRIGHT. I appeal to the gentleman
from New Jersey to allow his resolution to go to
that comm nee.
Mr. STRATTON. I prefer to have the action
of the House upon it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at twenty
minutes before two o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 4, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Mason Noble, D. D.
Hon. Anthony Kennedy, of Maryland, and
Hon. John Sherman, of Ohio, appeared in their
seats to-day.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PROPOSED PEACE CONFERENCE.
Mr. SALISBURY. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution, of which no previous notice has
been given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
110 objection. The resolution will have its first
reading.
The joint resolution (S. No. 19) proposing a
conference for the settlement of the existing na-
tional difficulties was read, as follows: °
Whereas the people of tlie States of Vn Kirna. North Car-
olina, South Carolina. C.oorgia, Flonrta, Alabama, M1--1-.
Mppi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tunne-sec, aio m
revolt against tlie constitutional Government and authoi it v
of the United States, and have assumed lo secede, fioni the
Federal Union and to foim an independent Koveinm.-nt
under tlie name of the Confederate States of America • and
wlieicas the Congress of the United States, appioi nig tile
sentiment expressed by the President, in his annual mes-
sage, "that the Union must he preseived, and hence all
indispensable means must be employed," and believing
that kind and fraternal feeling between the people of ail the
States is indispensable to the maintenance of a happy and
prosperous Union, and being willing to manifest such feel-
ing on their part, to the end that peace may be icstored to
a distiacted country, and the Union and Constitution be
preserved and maintained, and inviting the cooperation of
the people of the aforesaid States in theaccomphshmentof
objects so beneficial to each and all, do resolve as follows:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
Millard Fillmore, Franklin Pierce, Roger 13. Taney, Ed-
ward Eveiett, George M. Dallas, Thomas Ewing, Horace
Binney, Rcvcrdy Johnson, John J. Crittenden, George E.
Pugh, and Richard W. Thompson he, and they are hereby,
appointed commissioners on the part of Congress, to con-
fer with a like number of commissioners, to be appointed
by the States aforesaid, for the preservation of the Union
and the maintenance of the Constitution, and that they re-
port the result of their said conference to Congress for
approval ot icjectiou.
Resolved, That upon the appointment of commissioners,
as hereby invited, by said States, and upon the meeting of
the joint commission for the purpose of conference as afore-
said, aetivc hostilities shall cease, and bo suspended, and
shall not be renewed unless said commission shall be un-
able to agree, or in case of an agreement by them, said
agreement shall be rejected either by Congress or by the
aforesaid States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I object to
the reception of that paper.
Mr. SATJLSBURY. It has been received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's ob-
jection, it occurs to the Chair, is not in season.
The question was distinctly stated to the Senate,
and there was no objection to its reception.
Mr. HALE. I appeal to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts to withdraw his objection; and I would
suggest another name that I think ought to be
added to the list. It is a most excellent list as far
as it goes, but it occurs to me that we should add
James Buchanan, [Laughter.] It would be more
likely to bring about a desirable result than it
would if he were left out; and I hope the Senator
from Delaware will accept my suggestion.
Mr. SATJLSBURY. I have no objection to
that. All I ask is that the resolution lie on the
table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie on the table for the present, if there be no
objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to say a word,
not so much in relation to this resolution as to our
practice generally. A paper comes to the table,
and 110 question is laisedabout its being received,
for no man can tell whether we ought to receive
it or not until he has heard it read; it therefore
seems to me that it is read the first time only as
a matter of information. Then, when it has been
read, is the time to object to its reception. It can-
not be objected to before it is heard; hence I con-
sider that now, and in all time to come, if a paper
which just comes to the table is read, itis read for
information first, and that it is then open to ob-
jection as to its being received. I think that is
the only practicable mode of getting along.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think, sir, the objection made
by the Senator from Vermont is in accordance
with the usage and practice of the Senate. A
paper is first read for information; and after that,
if any Senator objects to its reception, it is entirely
in order to take the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is my impression;
and therefore I consider the objection of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as well taken, and timelv
taken.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is in time, no doubt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion lies on the table.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a hill to punish officers and
soldiers of the Army of the United States for ar-
resting, detaining, or delivering persons claimed
as fugitives to any person.
THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciar) be in-
ducted to inquire into the expediency and piopiioiyof
aimiMiing the present Supieme Com t ot the United States,
and establishing instead tlineof anoihei Supieun' Court,in
pursuance ot the provisions of the Constitution, vthich, in
th« opinion of Congress, will meet the requirements of tlie
Constitution.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. Does tlie Senator
from New Hampshire ask tor action nn the res-
olution at the present time ?
