1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
in the perilous enterpiises upon the high seas. I
object, however, to this discrimination against one
class of citizens
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. One word more,
and I will interrupt the gentleman no further. He
intimates that this piovision is to be made-appli-
cable to those who win brilliant victories. Now,
sir, m the war of 1812-14, there were as brilliant
victories won and as glorious service rcndeied as
any which wo have seen at any time since, and
yet sailors and marines in that war, who acccpted
bounty lands, received no prize-money.
Mr. HOL.MAN, While those who have known
nothing of this war except its advantages, who
have had the opportunity of its unlimited sources
of speculation and profit,are required to relinquish
nothing, while they may avail themselves of the
benefit of this law, why discriminate against so
meritorious a class of those engaged in the public
service? There are many chanccs for prize-money
oil land as well as on sea.
But the eighth section is, in no wise, germane to
the bill, it has no application to the public lands,
but proposes, in lieu of bounty land, to give to each
of the soldiers who were called into the public ser-
vice by the President's proclamation of April 15,
Jb61, the sum of thirty dollars, and those of your
soldiers who came into the public service under
the act of Congress of July 22, 1861, and who
shall have served in the Army for the period of six
months, instead of two yeai s, as provided by that
act, the sum of $1001 This does not increase the
bounty, but diminishes the time, and places the
soldier who shall serve for the war on the same
footing with those who have served for six months,
and pays those who have served for six months
more than three times as much bounty as those
who have served for three months. Is this equit-
able ?
A motion was made to.recommit the bill, and a
motion was then made to instinct the committee
to strike out the eighth section, and substitute one
extending to the soldiers of the present war the
benefits of the act of March 3, 1855, granting
bounty lands to soldiers and seamen who had been
engaged ui the service of the Republic daring the
pure ding wars; and this motion to recommit the
bill with instructions is now pending. The merits
of the bill and pending mnendmcntsare somewhat
under consideration. It will be seen, sir, that the
proposed amendment,except that Upostponts the
taking effect of the homestead measure for one
year, to place the soldier and-un warlike citizen on
the same footing—for, wit h the blessing of Heaven,
we will terminate this war within a year—does not
affect the homestead feature of the bill.
1 take this occasion to say that the proposed
amendment is not designed to affect the homestead
policy. I cordially concur m the condensed and
forcible argument submitted to the House a few
days since by yourself, sir, m favoi of mc reasmg
the strength of die Republic by adding to the num-
ber of its independent homesteads. Its pohey can-
not be questioned. Rut I do pretext, sir,against
the appeals winch have been made in favor of this
measure to the members of one of the gieat polit-
ical parties of the country. This is in no just
senseaparty measuic. Itsimportancerisesabove
all party considerations. The principle of not
holding1 the public lands for the purposes of rev-
enue by the Government was, I believe, first sug-
gested by thai stern patriot, Andrew Jackson,
while Po-sulentof the United States; and the sub-
ject was first brought before the country as n legis-
lative measure by that other great citizen of Ten-
nessee, Anduew Johntson, who for many years,
sir, like yourself, has been its unwaveimg advo-
cate. I do not, refer to either of these names m
any partisan spiut. The fame of the one is now
the common property of the country. His name
is a tower of strength to the nation. His spmt
animates and leads your armies. His noble max-
im, " the Union must be pirserved,'' swells up
with the thundei of your artillery on every field
of battle. The other has iost the character of the
partisan in assuming the infinitely nobler quali-
ties of the patriot statesman, it were impious at
such a time as this to refer to either in the spirit
of party. This measure has received the ardmt
support of the people of the fiee States without
ri-firence to party divisions. Republicans and
Whigs and Democrats have alike given it their
support. For the veto of James Buchanan no
existing political oiganization is responsible.
The greater number of the politicians of the
South have opposed it, because, in the main, its
benefits would result to the people of the free
States and such citizens of the southern States as
would emigrate to y ou rTerri tones to improve then-
fortunes by their own enterprise and energy, and
because the tendency of this policy was to rapidly
people your Territoru s, introducing new States
into the Union, founded on the idea of free labor,
and thus increase the preponderance of that form
of labor in the control of the Federal Govern-
ment, and because the revenue derived from the
public lands diminished the duty on foreign im-
ports, which the South, as a producing people,
j regarded favorable to their interests; yet in the
South, as I have shown, opposition to the home-
stead policy was iK>t universal, while the North,
and especially the Northwest, was united in its
support. In my judgment, the policy of apply-
ing the public lands in such manner as to increase
the number of independent farmers, of secure and
independent homesteads, decentralizing and dif-
fusing the wealth of the nation, is of the very first
! importance; vital, indeed, to the ultimate stabil-
ity of the Republic. The greatest of the English
statesmen finds the causes of internal war, sedi-
tions and factions organized against the Govern-
ment, in the centralization of the wealth, and espe-
cially the lands of a nation, destroying the interest
of the people in the stability of the nation. If this
is true of monarchies, where not only the lands
and wealth, but the political power and social ad-
vantages are possessed by the smaller number,
sustained, too, by military force; if there, when,
mullis utile helium, the greater number could see an
improvement of their fortunes by the overthrpw
of the existing order of things, the nation totters
to its fall, how much more dangerous to a iepub-
lic where the whole political fabric rests on the
will of the people ! Create a motive m the popu-
lar mind for the desti action of the Government,
and what power can resist it? If the Government
exists alone for the benefit of the smaller portion
of its people, if the greater number toil only for
the benefit of the few, why should not the Gov-
ernment be oveithrown ?
It is, sir, to the courage and manhood inspired
by common inte<e$tst social and political equality,
and common hope?., that we are indebted for our
noble army of citizen soldieis,and for our recent
brilliant victories.' Such motives, sir, have ren-
dered the battle-fields of Marathon, Thermopylae,
and Pharsaha, to which you, sir, have referred,
illustrious monuments of the hopes and aspira-
tions of mankind.
"I have often been astonished,'' said a cele-
brated French naturalist, writing just before the
first French revolution, " that there is no law m
France to prevent the unbounded accumulation of
landed property. The Romans had censors who
limited the extent of a man's possession to seven
acres us being sufficient for the subsistence of one
family. By the word acre was understood as
much land as a yoke of oxen could plow in one
day. As Rome increased in luxury it was ex-
tended to five hundred; but even this law was soon
infringed, and the infraction hurried for\vard the
rum of the republic. Conquerors-have always
met with feeble resistance in countries where
piopcrty is unequally divided. Overgrown estates
destroy the spirit of patriotism in those who have
everything and those who have nothing. 'The
shocks of corn,' said Xenophon, 4 inspire those
who laise them with courage to defend them.'
" But while the excessive accumulation of prop-
erty exposes a State to such outward dangers, the
internal mischief it produces among the citizens
is not less to be deplored. It is not on the face of
vast dominions, but m the bosom of industry that
the Father of mankind pours out the most pre-
cious fruits of the earth."
B-dievmg as I do that in all Governments there
is a tendency to centralize its wealth, its lands,
and its political power, and that the safety of a
republic is involved m icsistance to these tenden-
cies; and believing that this measure will tend to
that result, 1 give it my unqualified support. We
must put an end,as far as may be consistentwith
sound policy, to the extiaordinary facilities which
our land policy has hitherto furnished for capi-
talists to almost monopolize the public lands,and
that too at almost nominal prices. Instead of
baronial possesions, let us facilitate the increase
of independent homesteads. Let us keep the plow
in the hands of the owner. Every new home that
is established, the independent possessor of which
cultivates his own freehold, is establishing a neV
republic within the old, and adding a new and a
strong pillar to the edifice of the State.
But, sir, subordinate to this great measure, and
in some respects tending to the same end, but in
others tending to the old system, is the policy of
granting lands to such of your citizens as have
served the Republic in the dangerous pursuit of
arms. Shall we grant a portion of the public lands
to the soldiers of the present war? A measure of
public policy long adnered to and generally ap-
proved should not be abandoned unless upon
weighty considerations. Over one hundred and
fifty acts have been enacted by Congress on the
subject of granting public lands to those who have
been engaged in the military and naval service of
the Republic. You have granted bounty lands to
the soldiers of the war of the Revolution and the
war of 1812, and to those who fought under your
banner in the war with Mexico. These have been
the great wars of the Republic. But you have
granted this bounty in every war with the Indian
tribes, however unimportant. Indeed, sir, the act
of the 3d of March, 1855, is so comprehensive,
revising all former laws, that it embraces every
soldier and seaman who has been engaged in
any military or naval service of the Government
from the beginning of the Revolution down to the
time of its enactment, even for the biief period of
fourteen days, or even for a less period, if the sol-
dier was engaged in any battle. Such has been
your policy from the beginning, unbroken, unin-
terrupted. The soldiers of the present war, while
animated by nobler motives than any mercenary
considerations, might naturally consider this
established policy of the Government one of the
methods by which the Republic would testify her
appreciation of their services, as one of the meth-
ods by which the wants of their wives and children
would be relieved if they fell in herservice. Why
not apply this policy to the present war? Is the
war itself subordinate in importance to your other
wars?
Sir, all the other wars of the Republic, are as
dust in the balance in comparison to this. I speak
of results and consequences. The nation has ever
gloried in the self-denial and fortitude and courage
of their fathers. The old battle-fields are sacred
and holy; the memories which gather around
them have stirred the hearts of generations. But
if, overborne by the numbers and power of the
British empire, our fathers had failed in their
noble purpose, the battle-fields where they fought
and fell would have only been new monuments m
the pathway of the eternal struggle, new and in-
spiring achievements in the conflict of ages," the
war between despotism and liberty, between the
mastery of the few and the free government of the
many. The establishment of free government on
this continent would have been but a question of
time. The next generation, strengthened by the
old example, would have consummated the battle
which their fathers had begun. The old defeats
would have extinguished no hope. But if, sir,
after the Republic was founded and had entered
upon its caieerof free government under auspices
so favorable; after successive generations had en-
joyed the full fruits of liberty; after a prosperity
unknown in the annals of history; after an ex-
periment so favorable to complete success of the
capacity of mankind for a government where the
will of the greater number should be the law, this
Republic, torn to pieces by the acts of ambitions
leaders and the power of faction, had failed—and
fail it must when its territorial limits were broken
and its Constitution defied—the monarchists and
aristocrats of the world would have exulted in this
overwhelming evidence that the government ot the
many was inconsistent with the nature of man,
and the most ardent fiiends of ficedom through-
out the world have abandoned hope. Sir, if this
Republic had failed, generations of oppi. ssion,
not noivf but in the immediate future, could alone
have inspired courage for a new dibit. The war,
then, in which you are engaged is more significant
than any of which history has kept the record.
But have your soldiers met the penis of battle
with less resolution and courage than in former
wars ? Sir, however noble may be the battle-fields
of our fathers, those of this war will challenge
them for a comparison. The desperate and un-
yielding courage of the battle-fields of Western
