1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is so short a time before
the Court meets again'that I move that the Senate
take a recess until four o'clock.
The motion was declared to be agreed to.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I desire to suggest that
the passing of judgment in this case is not a mat-
ter exactly to be done by vote. It seems to me
that the Court should be by itself a limited period
for consultation.
The PRESIDENT;?™ tempore. The Chair will
suggest that that is required by the rule of pro-
ceeding in such cases.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is desired by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, I will withdraw the
motion for a recess of the Senate, if he desires to
make any motion in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
for a recess is for the Senate until the meeting of
the Court. The Court has adjourned until four
o'clock. The Chair declared the motion for a
recess until four o'clock carried.
The Senate was again called to order, at thir-
teen minutes past four o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
is again resolved into a Court of Impeachmenton
the case of West H. Humphreys.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I heard the evidence
in this case, but was necessarily called away, and
did not vote on the first three or four articles. I
desire the unanimous consent of the Senate to re-
cord my vote of " guilty" on those propositions.
I was necessarily compelled to be away, and voted
only on the last two propositions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the vole of the Senator from Indinna
will be recorded on those several votes, recording
his judgment of " guilty " upon the several arti-
cles of impeachment.
There was no objection, and the vote was re-
corded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Court is
now ready to procecd with further matter in the
impeachment against West H. Humphreys.
Mr. COWAN. It strikes me it would be bet-
ter that we should have a short secret session, in
order to determine upon our judgment in this mat-
ter. 1 do not see how we are to advise and con-
sult witli one another in open session; and as we
occupy a kind of double relation—that of judge
and jury together—I think we should close the
doors and determine upon our judgment, then
open them and deliver it. I therefore make that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the Court ofjm-
peachment sit with closed doors, and that the
galleries and lobbies be cleared.
Mr. HALE. Is there not one of the rules on
that subject.
Mr. FOSTER. It is a rule, ^believe, that we
sit with open doors while we sit as a Court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was aware of the rule, and was hesitating as to the
motion; but the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. CO WAN. Has that rule been promulged
for the government °f the Court ?
The P RES \ DENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the rule.
The Secretary read the 39th rule, as follows:
"19. At all times while the Senate is sitting upon the
trial of an impeachment, the doors of the Senate Chamber
shall be kept open."
Mr. COWAN. That refers only to the trial.
After the trial has been determined, if we have
delivered our verdict, of course the rule does not
apply. The question now for us to determine is,
what judgment we shall pass upon the delinquent.
Mr. WILMOT. Why not determine that with
open doors ?
Mr. COWAN. It may be done so, of course.
Tlie PRESlDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator insiot on his motion ?
Mr. COWAN. I have no personal desire to in-
sist upon it. If the Senate thinks it may be done
with open doors as well as with closed doors, very
well. It is of no importance m this case; but at
some future time it may be of importance. Should
we adopt a different mode as a precedent, is the
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me there is no
occasion for going into any secret .session or any
great deliberation. We have rendered our ver-
dict'. Judgment follows as a matter of course.
Mr. COWAN. Not the whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If anybody ever supposes
that a case will arise in this Government where a
man is impeached and found guilty, where the
Senate will not be then for executing the judg-
ment, it will be a time to go into sccrct session. I
did not expect to see such a time as that in my
day. If the Senator from Pennsylvania thinks he
can devise some scheme to mitigate the constitu-
tional punishment, I think it ought to be consid-
ered in secret. 1 know of no way of doing it.
Mr. COWAN. I do not suppose there is any
mitigation contemplated in this case, but I can
very well conceive a case where there might be a
mitigation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot.
Mr. COWAN. I can conceive of a case where
the judgmentof ouster in the opinion of the Senate
would In* enough, without imposingthe additional
disqualification of not being able to hold office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So that he could be put
back the next day ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The only judgment ever
rendered by the Senate as a Courtot Impeachment
was rendered to deprive a man of his office, and
no more. It did not extend any further. The
further question whether the Court will adjudge
that the man shall never be eligible to any office
is a matter which rests in the discretion of the
Court, and I take it is entirely a separate question.
At this point the members of the House of
Representatives reentered the Chamber and occu-
pied the seats prepared for them.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following as an in-
terrogation to be put to each member of the Court,
in order that judgment may be perfected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
by the Secretary.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Is the Court of opinion that West H. Humphreys be re-
moved from the office of judge of the distuct court of the
United States: for the distucw of Tennessee?
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that open to amend-
ment? I think we had better carry out all that
the Constitution allows.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The other
branch of it is contained in a separate proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is another proposi-
tion, verv well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they had better
go together.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the reading of the
whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is one judgment,
and should be one, and if the other proposition is
there I ask for its reading; otherwise I shall move
to amend this.
Mr. FOSTER. I have another proposition;
but inasmuch as the Constitution divides the pun-
ishment, and as I supposed it would be perfectly
optional for any member to ask for a division of
the question, if it should be put together, I pro-
posed the questions separately the one from the
other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Constitution does not
divide the punishment. "Judgment in cases of im-
peachment shall not extend further than to re-
moval from office, and disqualification to hold and
enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit under
the United States." That is one judgment; that is,
that he shall be removed from office and disquali-
fied to hold any other; and if you decide that he
shall be removed from office, and then have an-
other judgment for the residue of the punishment
there would be two judgments in one case. I do
not say that you may not remove him from office,
and do nothing more; but there is the end of it.
You cannot have two-judgments entered up in the
case. You might as well say that when a person
is convicted of an offense for which he is to suffer
fine and imprisonment, you will first enter up a
judgment to fine him, and after you get through
with that, you will call him again and enter up a
judgment to imprison him. It is one judgment
upon one finding. We may adopt this resolution
and declare that he is removed from office and
stop there, but I think it would be a singular pro-
ceeding. I have not looked into the precedents,
and if The Secretary will read the resolution again,
I will move to amend it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Is the Court of opinion that West II. Humphreys be re-
moved from the office of judge of the district court of the
United States lor the districts of Tennessee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to add the words,
"and that he be disqualified to hold and enjoy-
any office of honor, trust, or profit under the Igni-
ted-States."
Mr. FOSTER. In proposing the question in
the form in which it has been read, I followed the
precedent in the case of Judge Pickering, a judge
of the district court of the United States for the
district of New Hampshire, who was impeached
before the Senate. Neither of these propositions
answered makesthe judgment. The judgment fol-
lows upon the answer to these two propositions.
If only the firstquestion is answered affirmatively
by the requisite number, the judgmentof the Sen-
ate upon that will then be that he be removed from
office, and that is all; and that is a constitutional
judgment. If on the other hand, the second prop-
osition be answered affirmatively, the judgment
will be one as before, that he be removed from
office and be disqualified from holding any office
of honor, trust, or profit under the United States.
It is according to the precedents, and I think it
safer to follow precedents than to establish a new
one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois has moved an amendment.
Mr.FESSENDEN. We answer the questions,
and then the judgment follows.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us put the question in
the constitutional form, whether he shall be re-
moved from office and disqualified from holding
anyother. I preferputtingitin thatshane. Ithink
that is the proper shape. As I said, i have not
looked into the precedents. There has been but
one case of impeachment, I believe, under the
Governmentof the United States where the party
has been found guilty. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to say that, in that case, the
distinct propositions were put separately, or was
only one proposition ever put?
Mr. FOSTER. But one was put in that case,
as appears by the records, and that was, whether
he should be removed from office. That was put
by itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other never was put;
and they did not intend then to go further. Now,
I want to go a little further here, and i want the
question to embrace the whole of it. That was
the only question put in thatcase. " On the ques-
tion, is the Court of opinion that John Pickering
be removed from the office of judge of the district
court for the district of New Hampshire, it was
determined in the affiimative," by the yeas and
nays. That is all there was of it. Now, I want
to go a little further here. I want the question to
be determined whether he shall be removed from
office and disqualified to hold any office; and when
that is determined, if it is determined affirma-
tively, the effect will follow. I shall, therefore,
insist on the amendment which I have moved to
the proposition which is submitted.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator from Illinois
succeeds in having both these propositions in one,
and it is then put to the Senate, it will be at the
option of every member of the Senate to say, l4I
vote 4 yea' on the one and ' nay' on the other; or
' yea' on both, or ' nay' on both." It is utterly
impossible to compel a man to vote 4< yea" or
" nay"on the whole pioposition together, because
the Constitution allows him to divide his vote.
Therefore, if the Senator should succeed in his
effort, it would still be in the power of every Sen-
ator to make this distinction which I propose to
make in the outset.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, that what we •
are seeking can be accomplished, if the Senator
from Connecticut will make the two propositions
at once, and then call for a division in taking the
vote. Let us have the two moved at once, and
then a division can be had in voting. As it is,
moving the one without the other, the Senate has
not practically any notice that the other is to
follow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a single
word  
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
want the 14th rule enforced.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The 14th rule
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"14. All motions made by the parties, or their counsel,
shall be addressed to the President of the Senate, and it he
shall require it, shall be committed to writing, and read at
the Secretary's table; and all decisions shall be had by
ayes and noes, and without debate  which shall be en-
tered on the records."
