1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Virginia; of Springfield and Mill Spring and Ro-
anoke; of Fort Henry and Fort Donelson, place
those fields, numbers considered, side by side
with the famous fields of history. The courage
of your soldiers has equaled the cause which sum-
moned them to arms. Tlieir achievements, then,
furnish no argument for discrimination against
them.
But what of your soldiers, as citizens and men,
in these respects? Are they inferior to those who
have hitherto fought your battles? I blush as I
ask this question". Your Army is composed of
the very nobility of your people. History has
never recorded the achievements of such an army.
Six hundred thousand men, and not a conscript
or a mercenary in their ranks 1 Six hundred
thousand citizen soldiers, men of cultivation and
refinement! The shop, the loom, and the anvil, the
farm-house,the counting-room, the pulpit,and the
forum, have sent their chosen men to war, not in-
spired by the thirst for conquest or plunder, but
leaving the enchanted circle of home, and resist-
ing the sweet attractions of father and mother,
and wife and child, they have gone forth to defend
the honor of their country, to preserve the Con-
stitution of their fathers inviolate against the most
accursed ambition that ever dishonored mankind.
Then your soldiers are not, as men and as citi-
zens, inferior to those who have hitherto fought
your battles. "Why then refuse them, as a grate-
ful acknowledgment of their services, a portion of
the lands, the title of which they have defended
by their courage and blood }
But it is said that bounty lands only inure to
the benefit of sharpers and speculators and bro-
kers—the men who know nothing of war but its
plunder and spoils. I am willing to admit the
infamous existence of such a class, but I am not
willing to admit the force of the argument. Why
not withhold from the soldier his pay, or the
bountym money you have hitherto promised, for
fear the soldier will squander it, or the artful vil-
lain will seize upon it? If some will receive no
benefit from this art of national justice, their im-
providence should not impair the just expectations
of the greater number who will appreciate this act
of the nation, this acknowledgment of their right
to a permanent interest in the soil of the coutury
their valor has defended. But you have got these
lands, and while the nation is strong in credit you
have got no money. The bounty m money you
propose will be a debt of more than seventy-three
millions of dollars, which your soldiers, in com-
mon with the residue of the nation, will have to
pay. You will tax them to pay their own bounty.
1 demand something beyond this. They should
have this bounty in money, as you promised them
in the beginning, in addition to their bounty in
lands. But again, sir, this bounty land policy
will not exhaust the public land. It will not re-
quire one sixth part of them, leaving the larger
portion to be applied under your homestead policy.
One hundred and twelve millions of acres will
supply your soldiers, and over eight hundred
millions of acres, surveyed and unsurveyed, will
be left.
is it not a noble idea, sir, that when the flag of
the nation shall be unfurled by every glad wind,
from the Rio Grande to the St. Lawrence, the Re-
public shall invite her brave defenders from the
pursuit of arms to peaceful pursuits of industry,
and point out to each upon her bosom a spot of
earth which shall be his own against all the vicis-
situdes of fortune? It seems to me, sir, that to
recognize the right of the soldier to a freehold on
the soil of his country is the most appropriate
and graceful approval of Ins services. It announces
" weli done, good and faithful servant," in terms
which no patriot heai t can fail to appreciate;and
if but a lew of your mighty Army shall avail
themselves of this bounty, J am content. Their i
childien will become the noblest defenders of the
Republic, because the soil on which they were
reared was tho gift of the Republic as the reward
of the patriotism and valor of their fathers.
Again, sir, youhavp lands in the States of Florida
and Mississippi and Arkansas and Louisiana.
Would it not be well to infuse, if we may, a little
more patriotism into those States ? Your peaceful
civilians will not venture into those fields. I trust
in God that such will be your policy, that the
stahvait soldiers of your Army will invade, not
with the swoid, but with the plow and leaping-
hook, the rich glades of Florida, infusing u new
life among a people, who, purchased as serfs from
Spain, enfranchised and ennobled by the Republic,
and admitted to the illustrious right of her citizen-
ship, have, in the beginning of our troubles, after
being the recipients of unexampled blessings at
the hands of this nation, crawled out like reptiles
on a sunny bank and hissed at the sun that has
warmed them into life. So with the other States
I have named. For never, sir, since God created
this earth, in human affairs, has such base and
infamous ingratitude dishonored the race of man-
kind. Let us infuse new germs of honor and
patriotism into those States. Let us do it for
another reason: that that great highway of the
nation, the Mississippi river, may be kept open
by peaceful agencies, for the martial spirit of the
great West will mark with the iron footprints of
desolation the majestic course of that noble river
from its sources to the Gulf, rather than submit to
the infamous wrong of the slightest restraint on
its free navigation.
One other suggestion, and I leave the subject.
I am in favor of this bounty land policy, because,
in one instance at least, it placcs the soldiers in
the ranks side by side with their officers. I abhor
the discrimination we are inclined to make. You
have seen, sir, how this House and the country,
and even the spirit of republican government,
have been debased, dishonored, and humiliated"
by efforts made on this floor to glorify the officers,
while the brave men who fought and won the
battles were forgotten. Sir, this miserable adula-
tion only insults the officer who is really worthy
of your praise. This unjust discrimination is the
worst feature of the war. Your soldiers endure
dangers and encounter hardships far beyond the
men who happen to command them, and they
meet as fairly and as bravely the perils of battle.
Your victories are not " otganized victories"—
impious suggestion !—they are the offspring, un-
der the approval of Heaven, of the invincible
spirit of your soldiers. And that officer who is
willing to assume to himself more credit for vic-
tory than he will accord to the brave soldier under
him, is not worthy to command. In cultivation,
intelligence, worth, and social position your sol-
diers arc equal to their officers; and yet, sir, the
voice of fame only proclaims the names of the
commanders. Such is the inequality of war. And
while we grudgingly pay thiitcen dollars per
month to the soldier in the ranks, thousands of ivhom
are icorthy lo command armies, you have an Army
on your hands of mere carpet generals and offi-
cers of every grade, who know nothtng of war
except its pay-rolls, and who live off of the munifi-
cence of the nation. In one notable act I wish to
see all of the defenders of the Republic placed on
the same level—the general and the soldier—each
invited, when the hour of blessed and honorable
peace shall come, to beat then* swords into plow-
shares, and receive from a grateful country an
equal expression of gratitude and approval. I am
for free homes for free mpn," as a wise measure
of policy; but at the same time I demand justice
for the soldiers of the Republic.
Mr. CRAVENS. Will my colleague yield to
me to mjike a statement in reference to this bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to my colleague.
Mr. CRAVENS. I only desire to say a word
in reference to the amendment of my colleague.
Before doing that, however, I desire to remark
that I am distinctly and unequivocally in favor of
the homestead policy. A homestead bill, well
guarded, I think is a measure which involves more
the prosperity of tho. western country than any
measure that can be adopted by this House. It
is not a political question in my scction of the
country. In southern Indiana, and in every sec-
tion of that State, all parties, without exception,
so far as I know their sentiments, are in favor of
a homestead bill granting lands to actual settlers.
They believe that to be the wisest policy in refer-
ence to the public lands which will bring into
settlement and cultivation at tho earliest practica-
ble period all the uncultivated lands of the West.
! was pleased with the able and eloquent re-
marks of the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives a few days ago in favor of this measure.
But, sir, I do not at this time propose to detain
the House but a moment, and I cannot, there-
fore, enter upon a general discussion of the home-
stead policy, and 1 desne meiely to indicate my
unqualified appioval of the measure.
I wish, however, before taking my seat to say
that I am for this amendment proposing to give
bounty lands to the soldiers. I am for it because
I believe it is intrinsically right; I am for it be-
cause it has been the uniform practice of the Gov-
ernment, from its commencement down to the
present time, to give bounty lands to soldiers; and
I am in favor of it because I am unwilling to make
a discrimination against the soldiers now in the
field.
Mr. ALDRICH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana if this bill, as it stands without the
amendment, makes any discrimination?
Mr. CRAVENS. I am not aware that the bill
does make any discrimination except as against
the soldiers of this war in reference to former
wars; but if this amendment should not be adopted,
and the House should fail to pass any measure
providing bounty lands to soldiers in accordance
with the practice heretofore in reference to the sol-
diers of other wars, there would be a discrimina-
tion against the soldiers who are now in the field
fighting the battles of the country.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say 
Mr. CRAVENS. I decline to yield. I do not
desire to occupy the floor, as I said, but a mo-
ment. I was proceeding to say that, during the
interval between the adjournment of the special
session of Congress, in Augustlast, and the assem-
bling of the present session, everywhere in my
section of the country the inducement was held
out to our citizens to enlist in defense of their
country in this important crisis, that they should
have this bounty land; and I think it would be in
bad faith to them if the Government should at this
time fail to give it.
In all the wars in which the Government has
ever been engaged heietofore, it has been given;
and I fully concur in the remarks of my colleague
upon this subject, that this is a time when we
should follow out that line of policy in regard to
our soldiers which has been inaugurated by the
wisdom of those men who have preceded us.
We have such an army in the field to-day as
has never been witnessed m any country before—
noble, brave, gallant men, struggling for what?
The maintenance of the Constitution; the main-
tenance of the Union of our fathers. Struggling
not for a political idea, not for a political dogma;
but struggling to restore this Government to what
it was before the present troubj.es commenced. It
is that for which they are fighting to-day; nothing
more, nothing less. It is a holy and sacred cause;
none the less holy, none the less sacred than the
cause in which our fathers were engaged in the days
of the Revolution. Yea, more; while they were
fighting against a foreign enemy, our men are com-
pelled to sustain the stars and stripes and the Con-
stitution of the United States against traitors at
home, against kinsmen, if you will, against our
own people, making sacrifices greater, perhaps,
m feeling, than ever were made by the men of any
country before.
They have achieved already triumphs in the
field well worthy of the cause in which they are
engaged. It is to such men that we are now called
on to perform a duty, and let us perform it fear-
lessly and independently. Let us perform it for
the double reason, fiist, that as a measure of wis-
dom for the Government in the disposition of its
lands, it is the best that can be devised; and be-
cause, in the second place, it is a measure of jus-
tice and right towards those soldiers, and in con-
formity with the uniform practice of the Govern-
ment. For myself, I feel that I owe it to the brave
men who have gone in such large numbers from
my section of country, and especially from south-
ern Indiana, to assist in its passage with what little
ability I possess; for in the district which I repre-
sent, without taking to myself or to my people
more crcdit than is really due, I undertake to say
that none have gone out under more adverse cir-
cumstances. They have given up their best sons
to engage in this contest for the preservation of the
Union—not for the abolition of slavery, or any
other dogma, but to uphold the Constitution of the
country. Sir, I am for the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew the demand for
the previous question on the motion to recommit
with instructions.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope that the gentleman will
not call for the previous question at this time, as
I desire before the vote is taken on this question
to say a few words on the general subject.
