1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOJiE.
wm
Mr. POTTER. I also have an amendment
which I wish to offer, and on which I desire to
make some observations.
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed that it was the
purpose of the friends of this bill to dispose of it
this evening. If, however, it is the general wish
that the debate should go on, I will not object.
I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the call for the previous question?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
Mr.WINDOM. Heretofore when this bill has
been before the House it has found only two par-
ties: open friends and avowed enemies. Now it
finds the members upon this floor divided into
three classes, namely: those who are its ardent
friends, because they believe itia right in theory,
and will prove expedient in practice. Second, those
who have always admitted the soundness of the
principle, and who have, by the most solemn
pledges which men, or a great political party, could
give to the people, when asking for power, bound
themselves to support it, but who doubt itsexpedi-
ency under the circumstances which surround us.
Third, its enemies upon principle. These are not
so numerous as formerly, for a majority of them
(always the foes of the people and of free labor)
are now the open enemies of the Government, and
with vtrjartd souIs and parricidal handsaw putting
forth"every effort which human ingenuity, com-
bined with fiendish malice, can devise to destroy
it. But I fear there are still a very few of the same
sort left, who bitterly oppose it, because it gives
vitality and power to the great free-labor theory
of die country, for which, with everything else
that favors freedom, they cherish an intense, un-
dying hatred.
To this latter class I do not wish to address my
remarks; they are joined to their idols; let them
alone.
But if I can for a few moments have the atten-
tion of those who admit the soundness of the prin-
ciple under ordinary circumstances, but doubt the
expediency of its present application, I shall be
exceedingly gratified.
I will not now discuss the evils of which our
present land system is the prolific parent in the
new States, nor will I attempt to enumeiate the
haidships which its rank injustice to the pioneer
causes him to suffer. These views of the subject
have been so often and so ably presented, X am
sure they must bo familiar to every member of
this House. The system of selling large tracts of
land to non-residents and speculators is the direst
curse which has ever been inflicted on the West,
and has done more to retard the growth and im-
provement of that section of our country than all
other causes combined. These evils have been
recognized by the nation; and the loyal States, by
majorities almost unparalleled, at the lastgcneral
election declared they should no longer exist.
The people of this country have over and over
again, by the votes of their Representatives on
this floor, by the platforms of State and national
conventions, and by the pledges exacted from
candidates for office, expressed their approval of
this measure, and demanded its passage by Con-
gress. Under the gallant leadership of our ptes-
ent Speaker it has been several times carried tri-
umphantly through the House, but in the other
wingof the Capitol—once the paradise oftraitors;
now, thank Heaven! almost regenerated—it has
as often found its giave. Now, both the Senate
and the House are, in a good degree, purified
from the foul breath of treason, which has always
blasted the fair fruits of this policy just as they
were budding into promise. The executive and
legislative branches of the Government aie both
controlled by men who, before their election, sol-
emnly declared theii principles, and pledged their
future action in these words:
" llcsohcd, That we j/rofes/ against anv sale nr aliena-
tion to otheis of the public lands held by actual set! ers,
and aimlust any view of the tree homestead policy which
rciraids the settlcis as piiu|>ur>. 01 supplicants fur public
bounty; find we demand the parage by Congres's ol the
complete and satisfactory homestead measme winch has
already passed the House."
Gentlemen of the eastern and middle States, I
here, to-day, renew your own "protest" and
"demand," and, in the name of the people of
the Noitliwcst, and of the laboring classes of the
whole eountiy, who have confided m your honor,
1 call upon you to redeem your pledges.
The answer is, that this declaration of our prin-
ciples was made for a time of peace, and that the
rebellion has not only absolved us from all obli-
gations heretofore assumed on this subject, but it
also compels us to adopt the same policy in regard
to the public lands, for which the rebels and trai-
tors so stoutly contended before they deserted
these Halls, so long disgraced by their presence.
If this bill be lost they will have the satisfaction
of knowing that one of their cherished objects has
been accomplished, and that if they are compelled
to bow before the brave champions of free labor
on the bloody battle-field, they can at least strike
a deadly blow at that interest through its less re-
liable and more facile Representatives in CongrSss.
Those who claim that the change in our circum-
stances requires a corresponding modification of
their views and policy on this question, have as-
signed only two reasons therefor. The first is,
that the public lands should bo given as a bounty
to our soldiers. The second is purely economical.
In reply to the first, I desire to say that no man
shall go further than myself in guarding and pro-
tecting the rights and interests of the country's
gallant defenders, or in bestowing rewards for their
services to the utmost extent of our ability. But,
were I to forget all other considerations, and look
only to the interest of the soldier, I would be com-
pelled to regard this bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands as far preferable to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana. The
bill proposes to give both citizen and soldier the
benefit of the homestead policy, and in addition
thereto a bounty of thirty dollars to those who
entered the military service under the first procla-
mation of the President, and also to require the
payment of the $100 bounty provided for in the
act of July, 1861, at the expiration of six months'
service instead of two years', thus giving to all our
soldiers a farm of one hundred and sixty acres,
and the means of going to it and partially improv-
ing it.
The amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
proposes to extend the bounty land act of 1855 to
all the soldiers and seamen engaged in this war¥
thereby giving to each and all of them a land war-
rantforone hundred andsixtyaciesofland. What
will these warrants be worth to the soldier if this
amendment be adopted? In the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior lately submitted to the House
I find the following:
" On the 30th ticptembcr, 1861, there wore 55,555,595 25
acres of Hie public lands which had been suivcyed but not
proclaimed for public sale. The lands suivcyed and ofleicd
at public sate ptovious to that time, and then subject to pii-
vatc n11amounted to 78,66.2,7.15.1,4 acies, making an
agsresate'ot public lands surveyed and ready tor sale of
131,-218,338.89 aeics." * " "* 1 ' *
" The bouutv laud warrants and scrip i-sucd under dif-
ferent acts of "Congress, previous to September 30, 1861,
embrace an agirresate of 71,717,172 acies ol land. Ol tins
amount tlieie have been located, foi [evolutionary ser-
vices, 8,200.012 acres ; for services ill the war with Cleat
Biitam, 4.850,12!) acres; for Canadian volunteers, 72,7a0
acres; for services in the Mexican win and other services,
under the acts of IS 17. J 850, 18V2, and 1853, m all51,l,'B,t)70
aeics; leaving yet lo be located on warrants and scrip,
already issued, 7,'154,720 acics." *
" The piopncty of issuing bounty land warrants to the
volunteers who have been called into service to suppiess
the existing msuneetioii,i,s ahcadj usubjectof discussion,
and must be determined by (Jongiess. A warrant lor 100
aeics to each volunteer engaged in thosciviee would absorb
over 100,000 000 of acres—a much larjici amount than has
been issued undei all previous laws. It is evident lhat the
issue of such an amount of warrants would destroy nil hope
of deriving any icvenuo from the public lands, at least tor
many years. Anil while such a measure would deprive the
Government ol all income lrom this souice, it would afToul
but little benefit to the volunteers. These warrants are now
sold m the maiket at about fifty cents per acie. An addi-
tion of the huge amount necessary to supply the volunteeis
would necessaiily reduce the puce ol them to amciely nom-
inal sum. ,
.. 'j'jie bounty of the Government, dispensed to the volun-
teers in this foim, would fail to realize to them the advant-
ages intended. All the butt lands would fall into the hands
o?speculators, who would be enabled to purchase them at
a nominal puce and sell them to settlers at full prices as
last as eiliitriation to tile West would reqnne them for set-
tlemcnt. It additional compensation to the volunteers, be
vond the amount now autliou/.ed bv law, shall be deemed
just and piopci, it will be bcttoi both foi the Government
and the volunU cis to make such compensation by a direct
appiopi lation of money or ol Government secuuties.''
Now, sir, if with only 7,45 i,7:10 acros of war-
rants in the market they are worth no more than
fifty cents per acre—as slated by the Secretary—
what will they sell for when you issue 100,000,000
acres more > With no additional demand, and all
increase of thirteen huudied per cent, in the sup-
ply, we may reasonably calculate upon a propor-
tionate diminution in value, which will reduce
them to less than five cents per acre; or, as the
Secretary of the Interior says, " to a merely nom-
inal sura."
Those who desired to sell their warrants would,
therefore, realize nothing from them, while the
soldier who chose to use his in the location of a
farm for improvement and cultivation, would find
himself surrounded by thousands of acres of tin-
improved land, located by non-resident specula-
tors with the cheap warrants that would glut the
market, thus rendering his own land compara-
tively valueless, and subjecting him to all the evils
resulting from land monopolies. While, there-
fore, this policy would benefit no one but the
speculator, it would work an incalculable injury *
to all our soldiers who desire, when the war is
ended, to make for themselves homes on the pub-
lic lands; and it would forever rest like a blighting
curse upon all the new States and Territories of
the Republic. I am not willing, sir, for the sake
of making a pompous show of regard for the sol-
dier, thus to inflict upon him an actual injury.
If you propose to donate all the public lands to
speculators, adopt this amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana. But I beg of you do it di-
rectly and boldly, and instead of calling it " an act
granting bounties to soldiers," and thus deceiving
them by false pretenses, while you stab to the
heart the best interests of the country they are
periling their lives to defend, entitle it truly " an
act to prevent the occupancy and improvementof
the public domain, to encourage land monopolies,
and granting bounties to speculators ana Shy-
locks." I do not mean to insinuate that any mem-
ber can think of playing the demagogue an this
subject; but if we were so unfortunate as to have
any demagogues among us, they would find in
this amendment an irresistibly inviting field for
the display of their peculiar genius.
The second reason assigned for a change of pol-
icy in reference to this measure, is based solely
upon the condition of our national finances. It is
claimed that the " public lands are relied upon as
a security for the payment of our public debtand'
the interest thereon;" and that, " through all the
world a landed security is considered the best for a
debt." Now, sir, with all deference to the supe-
rior wisdom and experience of those who assume
this position, I maintain that their reasoning, as
applied to this subject, is totally fallacious, both
in its premises and conclusions. They assume
that the passage of this bill immediately divests
the Government of all the public domain, and
sweeps away at once this basis of national credit.
What is the fact? It will not divest the Govern-
ment of one square inch of land under five years;
and when, at the end of that period, it does grant
title to a quarter section, it will be, in considera-
tion of settlement and cultivation, far more valu-
able to the Government than the price now re-
ceived.
Nothing can be further from the truth than the
assumption that when these lands are granted to
settlers m consideration of occupancy and im-
provement, they cease to be a part of the national
wealth. They just as really, for all the purposes
of public credit and revenue, belong to the Gov-
ernment after the issuance of the patent as before.
And wiio does not know that just to the extent of
their improvement the wealth of the country is
enhanced, and the basis of taxation and public
creditenlarged ? Let us illustrate. The Territory
of Washington contains about 81,000,000 acres
of land, nearly all of which belongs to the Gov-
ernment. The States of Oluo, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, together, contain less than 82,000,000acres,
the title to almost all of which has passed from
the Government into the hands of individuals.
Do capitalists rely upon Washington Territory
as a better security for the payment of our national
debt than the great States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, with all their immense real estate wealth?
The aggregate of public lands surveyed and
ready for sale is, in round numbers, 134,000,000
acres bein" about equal in extent to the States of
New'York, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Is this vast amount of ummproved, unproduc-
tive public land a better security for the debts of
the nation, than the real property of those four
greatStates, valued as it is at over ,333,000,000?
A tax of three mills on the dollar upon the valu-
ation of real property in those four States will pro-
duce a revenue ofover $7,000,000 pcrannum. The
net proceeds of the sale of the publiclands last year
