1862.
THE COKGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2953
Mr. BROWNING, I cheerfully submit to the
ruling of the Chair, only expressing a regret that
the Senator from Ohio had not thought proper at
an earlier time to put an end to the debate, and not
cut it off after perhaps he has heard all he wanted
on one side, and does not wish to hear anything
on the other.
Mr. WADE. I have heard just about as much
on one side as the other, and 1 thought here was
a good place to stop.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The interroga-
tory will be read, and the amendment to it will be
read.
Mr. DAYIS. 1 rise to a question of order, and
X intend to make the question of order, and I in-
tend to do it in my own time. I think the very
point that gentlemen are now debating and that
we are about to decide is a matter of very great
importance. We have a precedent in which it
was decided by the men who made the Constitu-
tion, and who sat in the,only case that has ever
arisen under the Constitution, that this is a divis-
ible question. They have decided that practically,
and they have decided it upon sound principle and
sound sense, and considerations of justice, too.
A case might arise in which the Senate would be
willing 
Mr. WADE. 1 demand to know whether this
debate is in order*, because if it is, the other de-
cision is nugatory.
Mr. DAYIS. I am debating the question of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has decided the question, and there is no appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WADE. There has been no appeal called
for. The question now is, whether this debate is
in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides debate out of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I do appeal, and it is on that
appeal that I intend to speak.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that must be
decided, also, without debate. Every question
must be so decided; and that rule applies to an
appeal, or else we are at sea.
Mr. DAYIS. I submit that question, then, to
the Senate 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That depends on the Pre-
siding Officer, whether he submits it to the Sen-
ate. I call for the enforcement of the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides all debate out of order on every collateral
question, under the express rules covering cases
of this character. #
Mr. DAVIS. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can be
no appeal from it.
Mr. HALE. I beg to suggest that it may be
appealed from; but the appeal is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not entertain the appeal.
Mr. BROWNING. I think an appeal cannot
be taken from the judgment of the Presiding Offi-
cer of a Court.
The PRESIDENT/jro tempore. The Chair can
hear no further debate under the rule. The Chair
was inclined to indulge limited debate upon these
questions, as eminently proper; but upon the re-
peated appeals to the Chair for a literal enforce-
ment of the rule, the Chair has no discretion left,
and appeals to the generosity of Senators to allow
the Chair the exercise of that degree of judgment.
The interrogatory, as first proposed, will be read,
and then the amendment to it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Is the Court of opinion that West H. Humphreys be re-
moved from the office of judge of the district court of the
United tares for the districts, of Tennessee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To which the
Senator from Illinois moves to add the following,
by way of amendment:
And that he be disqualified from holding any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States.
The question is on the amendment, and the
Secretary will call the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is not
in order and cannot be entertained, and the Sec-
retary will proceed with the call of the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for a division of the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
divided. The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Illinois.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LATHAM, (when Mr. Nesmith's name
was called.) I am instructed by the Senator from
Oregon to say that lie was called home by sick-
ness, and if he were here he would vote affirma-
tively on these propositions.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 10;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, CoIIamer, Cowan, Da-
vis, Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, llale, Harlan,'Henderson,
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Latham, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foster, Harris, Kennedy, McDougaii, Sumner, and Wilson
of Missouri—10.
So the amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurred on the proposition as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. Iaskforadivision ofthequestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. From the au-
thority of the Pickering case, the Chair is obliged
to say that it is a divisible proposition. Does the
Senator from Kentucky demand a separate vote?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. I have no doubt we
shall have a double judgment, but I want the votes
to be separate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays will be taken upon the first branch of the
proposition: " Is the court of opinion that West
H. Humphreys be removed from the office of
judge of the district court of the United States for
the courts of Tennessee ?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Claik,
Collamer, Cowan, DavH, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Ponu.roy, Powell,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—38.
NAYS—0.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays will be called on the second branch: " And
that he be disqualified from holding any office of
honor, trust, or profit, under the United States."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hendeison, Ilowaid,
Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Latham, McDougall, Moirill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sninner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wiimot,
Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—36.
NAYS—0.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon the sec-
ond branch of the interrogatory the yeas are 36,
the nays are none. So this Court, therefore, do
order and decree, and it is hereby adjudged, that
West H. Humphreys, judge of the district court
of the United States for the eastern, middle, and
western districtsof Tennessee, be, and he is here-
by, removed from his said office, and that he be,
and is, disqualified to hold and enjoy any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States.
The trial of this case being concluded, the Sen-
ate will resolve itself into legislative session.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Court adjourn
without day. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Court
stands adjourned without day. The members of
the Senate will resume their seats.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
*The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 26,1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Rev. By-
ron" Sunderland, D. D., Chaplain of the Senate,
offered up the following prayer:
O God, the only Jehovah ! who among sinful
and mortal men shall not fear before Thee ? for
clouds and darkness are round about Thee, yet
justice and judgment are the habitation of Thy
throne. In the human soul hast Thou set Thy
law, and in the issues of time wilt Thou make in-
quisition. Help Thy servants now, in this most
solemn hour, who are to stand as ministers of
Thyself and of all this people, as may best com-
port with this high day of trial. Be Thy presence
all their strength and all their sanction as they pros-
ecute the impeachment on a head once honored
with a country's confidence,but now obscured in
the pestilent darkness of sedition, treachery, and
blood. Guide them to the close of all their labors,
and crown their work with the assenting voice of
the whole nation; but more than all, with Thy
divine and lasting approbation. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VOTE RECORDED.
In pursuance of leave granted yesterday, Mr.
Ancona recorded his vote in the negative on the
question of the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 187)
to authorize the further issue of Uni ted States legal
tender notes.
SUTCLIFFE AND CASE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury on House bill
No. 330,for the relief of Sutcliffe Case; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of House bill No. 401, rela-
ting; to claims for the loss and destruction of prop-
erty belonging to loyal citizens, and damages there-
to, by the troops of the United States during the
present rebellion, on which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Noell] was entitled to the floor;
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent,in troducedthefollo wing resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of placing under
the direction of the Secietary of the Interior two copies of
the Journals of Congress at each and every session, two
copics of all laws of Congress, two copies of the annual
messages of the President, with accompanying documents,
and two copies of all public, documents or books which may
be printed and bound by oider of either House of Congress,
to be distubuted by order ot the Secretaiy to the clerks ot
the scvcial county courts of the seveial States and Terri-
tories, and to constitute hbianes for the use of the public.
RIFLED CANNON.
Mr. FOUKE, by unanimous- consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and is
hereby, directed to inform this IIou«e vvhatnumberofrifled
cannon are, at present in use in the Navy, what their cali-
bers, by whom made and de-igned, and what means have
been taken to improve that branch of the service; what
rifle guns have been made oi projected at the Government
woiks; and what amounts, if any, have been paid lor ex-
periments.
SANITARY COMMISSION. .
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to: *
Whereas the United States sanitary commission, by the
disinterested benevolence of its friends and patrons, its per-
fect organization, and the active efforts of its officers, sur-
geons, and nurse*, has contubuted laigely to the welfare
of the Army, and the relief and comfoit of our sick and
wounded soldiers; and whereas it i* understood that said
sauitaiy commission is in need of additional funds to per-
fect and accomplish its purposes: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
heieby is, inducted to inquire into the financial condition
and wants of said association, and to consider the propriety
and necessity of an appropriation of money lor the purposes
thereof; and to repoit by bill or otheiwise.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT KDIZ IIOOIC.
Mr. "WALLACE, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation to build alight-house at Edi/ Ilook, and report
by biil or otherwise.
PRINTING PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the Pacific
railroad act, as it passed both Houses, be printed in pam-
phlet foim for the use of the members of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest that that is a
larger number than we need. 1 think that one
thousand or fifteen hundred copies would be all-
sufHcient.
Mr. CLARK. The argument used was that a
large number would be required.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I know that I shall not
want more than eight or ten copies, so far as I
am conccrncd. I move to amend by reducing the
number to two thousand five hundred.
