1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
sylvania, as comyig from that State as well as
New Jersey, and a resident of Pennsylvania.
The other general, Arnold, was nominated to take
command of Fort Pickens when General Brown
left it, because it was supposed to be proper to
rate at least a brigadier general there against Ma-
jor General Bragg.
That is the position of the State to which the
Senator from Massachusetts has alluded, and if
this rule shall now be applied at this late hour, at
least one gallant and noble man who fought all
through Mexico will be excluded.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Who is he ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Taylor.
Mr. WILSON, of .Massachusetts. We will
confirm him.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If the number is to be lim-
ited to one hundred and sixty, as is proposed here,
I am not so sure that he and a number of other
efficient officers will not be cut off. It is said the
service will suffer. Sir, ill a volunteer service
like this, some regard must be paid to the wish of
the people of the State, and of the volunteers from
the State. They must be regarded in their wishes
and feelings; for if you strip them entirely of the
officers to whom they think they are entitled, and
put strangers from other States over their heads,
who have far more brigadiers than they have brig-
ades, some of them double as many, it works
unjustly, it discourages the men, it operates badly
on the service. I did not mean to refer to any
State particularly, but to allude to a fact with
which I was familiar, and to object to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire, as it
is proposed to be amended to cut the number
down to one hundred and sixty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not disposed to dis-
cuss this matter; but let me say to Senators that
the number of biigadier generals of (lie Army
should bogovcrncd by our necessities. The num-
ber of brigades in the field should determine the
number of brigadiers. The amendment would
limit it below tile number demanded for the ser-
vice. I do not think that we have a right to ask
that a colonel should command a brigade. The
man who commands a brigade has a right to be
a brigadier, to have the right of his office, the
strength of it, and to be recognized as such, and
I think in this we have failed throughout the whole
war. I think the radie.il evil in the whole thing
is a poor economy. We ought to have a major
general in command of every division, we ought
to have a brigadier general in command of every
brigade, as a matter of system, because these
things are governed by laws, and should be regu-
lated by laws, us well as the common business of
merchandise.
I am opposed to the amendment. I suggest that
there is an evil in the service from an indisposi-
tion to put at the head of brigades brigadier gen-
erals, at the head of divisions major generals, at
the heads of corps d'armee persons who have some
rank that denominates them as such and gives
them certain rights. I think that this limitation
is all wrong. The matter belongs properly to the
executive department of the Government—the war
conducting power; and all these attempts at lim-
itation are unwise, and injure the strength of an
army of war.
Mr. GRIMES. I introduced this bill, and I
did not do it without taking counsel of those who
I supposed were a great deal better infoimcd than
I was, and without giving the subject due consid-
eration. I fixed a limit in the bill attwo hundred
for brigadier generals. According to the best in-
formation I could get, there were, or there could
be under the law, about one hundred and sixty
brigades. I then alio wed a certain percentage for
casualties, for sickness, for the command of divis-
ions, for the temporary command of corps d'armee, j
and I concluded that forty brigadiers were enough !
to coyer that entire amount, and I am satisfied
that that is so.
Now,sir, the very argument that has been urged
by my friend from New Jersey satisfies me that
there ought to be some limit somewhere. It will
have the very effect which the Senator from New
York seemed to deprecatc, or, rather, which ho
seemed to think was an imputation on (he Senate. !
it will cause a 1 of us to scan these appointments
a little more closely than we aie in the habit of
doing. If we have but a limited number, if if is
known that there are only twelve or fifteen or
twenty more of these officers to be appointed, we
shall not have the appointments taken up at the
heel of a day's session, when everybody is tired
out, when everybody wants to go to dinner, when
many Senators have gone, when there is a very
thin Senate, and when appointments are rushed
through against which there might be objections
if we had a full Senate and had a full discussion
of the merits of the matter.
Now, sir, according to the statement which has
been made by the Senator from Massachusetts,
there are some thirty yet unconfirmed; many of
them were appointed before Congress met; some
of them we know, we are satisfied, are not going
to be confirmed; a good of them probably
ought not to be confirmed. Such places will be
filled by the gallant men who have been alluded
to by the Senator from New Hampshire, and who
deserve promotion. I have no doubt they will
receivc that promotion which they deserve. An-
other effect of the bill will be to influence the
President of the United States to strike from the
list of brigadier generals such men as have been
found by experience to be incompetent for com-
mand, in order to give the promotion to a man
who has distinguished himself that he is entitled
to. The moment you fix a limit, and that limit
is approached by the appointing power, that mo-
ment the *executive officers of the Government
will hold their brigadier generals and their major
generals to a much stricter accountability in the
performance of their duty.
The Senator from New York objected to this
because he regarded it as a sort of strait-jacket
to be put upon the President. He might just as
well regard every law that we pass upon the sub-
ject in that light. He knows, 1 apprehend, 1 do,
everybody knows, that it was by the merest acci-
dent in the world, it was an oversight in fact, that
there was not a limit put upon this power. Be-
fore, we had a limit on the number of major gen-
erals; we always have had in the regular Army.
Wo had a limit upon the number of major generals
and brigad ier generals in the war of 1812, and in
the war with Mexico, and as the Senator from
Massachusetts well remarks, we have in the reg-
ular Army now. Why should not the same reason
prevail in regard to the volunteers as in regard to
the regulars? So far from this being a strait-
jacket, and so far from it being any impeachment
of the President, I, as a friend of his, insist that
the Senate should pass the bill in order to take
away from him the impottunitics with which lie
is now beset to have (his man and that man ap-
pointed a brigadier general.
Mr. President, every one of these brigadier gen-
erals costs the Government, as near as 1 can cal-
culate, about twelve thousand dollars a year. His
pay is upwards of four thousand dollars. He is
entitled to two aids, and their pay is about two
thousand dollars. The incidental expenses that
are attached to each one of these men swell the
cost up to between twelve and fifteen thousand
dollars a year. That is something. I confess that
it is a very small consideration; with me it is the
smallest one. • 1 am in favor of this proposition
on that account, it is true; but principally for the
reason that it will exercise a restraining influence
upon executive power; it will cause the perform-
ance of the duty which I think the Commander-
in-Chief ought to exercise, and it will cause the
Senate to inquire more thoroughly into the con-
duct of these men. So far as the appointment of
gallant men is conccrned, fixing the number at
two hundred, as is named in the original bill, will
afford ample opportunity to give all the gentlemen
who distinguish themselves the stars.
Mr. HALE. 1 simply rise to mention a fact
right in the train of the argument of the Senator
from Iowa, and to answer the Senator from New
York. In the naval service the number of cap-
tains, commanders, lieutenants, and midshipmen
is limited by law. In the marine corps the num-
ber of colonels, majors, captains, first lieutenants,
and second lieutenants is limited by law. So of
paymasters, and of all other officers. These ap-
pointments are limited in the regular Army. It
seems to me analogy would require that they
should be limited in the volunteers.
Mr. MrDOUGALL. TJvi anal ogy will not
hold. This was not regarded when the war com-
menced as a war upon the seas, but a war upon
the land; and the rule of law established not only
by fundamental law, but by succeeding practice,
has regarded the necessities of controversies on
land as altogether distinct from those of contro-
versies upon the high seas, and therefore the an-
alogy does not hold. The naval service is a special
thing, subject to exact limitations of law; and
there has been no occasion as yet to depart from
its general principles, although we have been com-
pelled to accommodate ourselves to circumstances
by making acting masters persons who shall oc-
cupy the rank of commanders—a difference in
name alone.
Our army, which may not be an army for from
now until July, as gentlemen have promised them-
selves, and as has been announced in the press of
the country, Ifut it will be an army for five years
from now; as I say here, and as will be the truth,
as I affirm, against all opinions, this army re-
quires officers. 1 wish to say here that there is no
measure for our necessities except the constitu-
tional military organ of the Government; and that
all legislation interfering with the military arm of
the Government in time of war in its proper ex-
ercise of power, is had, mischievous legislation.
I understood the Senator from Iowa to speak about
having restraint on the President. Sir, there has
been too much restraiqj. The President would
be stronger if he were freer from the restraints of
those who are binding around him things that
prevent his action in the maintenance of the in-
tegrity of the Union.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no; let
ns vote on this question.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senate is ready to vote,
very well.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
can come to a vote now.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not propose to debate this
subject much further; but there have been some
suggestions made that I desire to answer, and if
the Senate want to adjourn I have no objection.
Several Senators. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. HARRIS. At the suggestion of Senators
around me, I move that the Senate now proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 7, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
TheJournalof yesterday was readandapproved.
- BATTLE OF SIITLOTI.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representatives
of 28th ultimo, asking for copies of reports of com-
manders of regiments, brigades, and divisions,
engaged at the battle of Shiloh, stating that on
referring the resolution to the Adjutant General,
he reported that up to that date, the 2d instant,
the only report received was from General Grant,
with no sub-report, and that none had since been
received. The communication was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE VANDERUEYSEN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House an-
other communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of 30th April, transmitting a copy of
a letter from George Vanderheysen to Hon. Wil-
liam Ii. Seward; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
BEAUFORT COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee on Commerce, a bill
which the Treasury Department desires to have
passed.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to know from the
Speaker when the committees are to be called in
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to state
that, as there is a question of privilege pending
before the House.
