2954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield for that purpose?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, if I have the right, as re-
porting: from a committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may yield
the floor to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CLARK. I do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I offer that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate insisted
upon their disagreement to the third and fourth
amendments of the House to the bill of the Senate
(No. 173) to reorganize the Navy Depaitmcnt of
the United States, and also upon their amendment
to the fourteenth amendment of the Ilouae to the
said bill, agreed to the conference asked hy the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon,and had a ppom tetlMessrs.il ale, Grimes,
and Latham, the committee of conference on their
pari.
The message also returned to the House, agree-
ably to its request, the bill of the House (No.
280) to establish and equalize the grudes of line
officers of the United States Navy.
The message also notified the House that the
Senate are now in their Chamber, and are ieady
to proceed on the trial of the impeachment of
"West H. Humphreys, judge of the district court
of the United States for the several districts of
Tennessee, and that seats are piovided for th
accommodation of the members of the House of
Representatives.
KBCOKMNU VOTES.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 was absent from the
} louse, through sickness, the other day when the
Treasury note bill and the tax hill were passed.
I should like to have the consent of the House to
have my name recorded on these bills.
There was no objection.
Mr. McPHERSON. I vote " ay" on the pas-
sage of both bills.
ADDITIONAL MKDTOAT, OI'FIOEHS.
Mr. OLIN. The Senate has sent to this House
ft bill (8. No. 370) to provide for additional med-
ical officers for the volunteer service. 1 desire to
ask tlie consent of the House to have that hill put
upon ils passsge, in order that it may he sent to
the Piesident before the bill now before him in
reference to the same subject is signed, because
that bill would put out of office every brigade sur-
geon in the Army, and would requue formalities
to be obsei veil for a reappointment to office.
Mr. 110LMAN. 1 thought the inteniion was
to dispense with bngade wiirgeons altogether.
Mi. OLIN. It wu-uhe intention so to provide
that brijrad'' surgeons might be transferred to any
post or position in the Army wherever their ser-
vicesimght be requited. As the matter now stands,
however, brigade surgeons are dispensed with,
and they cannot be assigned to other positions
without reappointment.
Mr. NOELL. Does this discussion come out
of my time ?
Mr. OLIN". Of course it docs not.
The SPEAK Kit. It certainly does come out of
the tunc of the gentleman from Missouri, lie hav-
ing yielded to the gentleman from New Yoi k, and
unanimous consent no! having been given to con-
sider the bill indicated.
TRIA!, OF JUDGJ5 HUMPHHKYS.
Mr. BUNGHAM. I object to taking up the
bill leletred to by the gentleman from New York
for this leasou: the Senate have just sent to the
House a message, in writing, informing us that
that body has organized itself into aliigh Court of
Impeachment for the purpose of Hying the arti-
cles of impeachment against West fl. Humphreys
by i h is 1 louse. 1 he business ol I he Senate is now
suspended, and that body is waiting for the ap-
pearance of the House. I hope that no time will
ui'tK^ ss:u ily be consumed by the House m com-
plying wnh ! he Senate's request. I therefore move
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole House for the purpose of proceeding
to the Senate. °
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, and proceeded
to the Senate Chamber to attend the trial by the
Senate of the impeachment of West H. Hum-
phreys; and, after some time spent therein, the
committee returned into the Chamber of the
House, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. Washburne reported that the committee had,
according to order, attended the trial by the Sen-
ate of the said impeachment, that progress had
been madetherein, and that the Court oflmpcach-
ment had adjourned to meet again at four o'clock
this day.
CHARGE Off BRIBERY.
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a question affecting
the privileges of this House. I send to the Clerk's
desk a copy of the New York Tribune of June
21, and ask him to read the paragraph I have
marked.
Mr. OLIN. I believe the contributions in the
New York Tribune are not questions of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
makes what he proposes to read the basis of priv-
ileged action upon the part of the House.
Mr. WALTON. As the article contains the
charge of bnbeiy, I propose to make it the basis
of an inquiry by the House. I ask the Clerk to
read the article.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Tub National Intelligencer^ Book Job.—Mr. E.
P.Walton having repmted in the House on Thursday,
Irotn the Punting Committee, u icsoiuuon in favor of puy-
m« .y.'lj.OOO to My-vrv. Gale< &. So iton foreeitain books,
Mt. Roseau Con km no moved to lay the revolution on the
table ; which wa> lost hy the following vote:
'• Yi:a —Merj-is. AMueh, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter,
Beaimin. Bniidiam, Blake, Bullinton, Buinham, Chambei-
iin, Cl.uk, Cohl), Collav, Ftedeiiek A. Conkiing, Ro^eoc
ConMiiijr, (J i it lei, Davis Dawes, Edireiton, CclwaxK Ken-
ton, Few'iiden, Fi .nwlmr, Fi.mk, Gooeh. Goodwin. Ci ;ui-
gei, Cm !<'}•, H;u«jhi, Hunch ett, Hickman, II lib'h in-*, Julian,
Kelloy, Francis \V. Kellogg, Lansing, Loonns, Lovejoyj
Low, !\Iel\iught, Mitchell, JuMin S. Mortill, Ni.von, Odell,
01 in, Pike, Portei, Pottei, John U. Rice, Robinson, Edward
II. Rollins, Sarnent, Sedgwick, tihuujts, Sheiman, Sp.m'd-
iiiir, William G. Steele, Smuton, Tumble, Trowbudge,
Van Horn, Van Valkonhurgh, Venee, Wall, Washbutne,
Wheelei, Wilson, Windoin, and Worce^ei—70.
" Nays—Mcsms. Alley, Baily, Biddte, Jacob B. Blair,
George II. Biovvne, William (J. Brown, Calvert, Casey,
Clements, Corning, (havens. Crtsfiold, Ciittemlen, Del-
ano, Diven, Dunlap, Eliot, £ly, Englit-h, Fisher, Gnder,
Hall, Hauling, Ilaiiison, Hoopei, Uouon, Johni-ori, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Killlmjer, Knapp, Law, Leary, Lehman,
MePlieisdii, Mallory, May. Maynard, Menzie.*, Mooi head,
Mortis, Noble, Noell, Noi'ton, 'Nngen, Pendleton, IVny,
Jobnrf. IMielp-i, Poinerov, Priec, Alexander H. Hue, Rich-
ardson, Kiddle, James S. Rollins, Segat, tfhellabatgcr,
Shiel, iimttli, John B. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas Fiaiici* Thomas, Valiandighani, Voorbe'es, Wads-
woiili, Wallace, Wullon, Waul, Welter, Whaley, Albeit
S. White, (Jhilton A. Wliite, WickUlIe, Woo<i,and Wood-
mii-ii.
" The (|U"s!ion \vas then taken on agreeing to the ic&o-
Itition. and negatived, as follows
" Vi- is—Allev, Hatly, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Geoige H. Bioune, William G. thown, Casev, Clements.
Corning, Ciavetw, Crisfield, Cnttenden, Delano, Diven'
Dimlap, tthot, Ely, Englnh, Fisher, Fouke. Gndei, Hale,
Hall, Hauling, Harrison, Iloopei, Horton, Johnson, Law,
Leary, Lehman, MoPhei.son,Mallory,May,Muynaid, Men
zies, Moorhead, Mori is, Noble, Noell, Noiton, Nngen, Pen-
dleton, Peiry, John S. Phelps, Pomerov, Price, Alexan-
dei H. Itlce, Richardson, Riddle, Janies>'s?. Rollins Se«ar,
Shellabamei, Slnet, John R. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vnllandieham. Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Walton, Waid, WelMer, Wlialey, Albeit
s. White, ('lulton A. White, Wicklilie, ami Wood'--70.
Nays — Mcsms. Ahhieh. Arnold, Ashley, Rahhitr, Ba-
ker, Heaniiin, Blake, Bullinton. Buinham,Campbell.Cham-
beilin, Clark, Cobb. Colfax. Fredeiu k A. Conkling, ltoscoe
Conl' ling, Culler, Davis, Pnwis, Edgei ton, Edwatd«5, Fen-
ton, Fes.sem|en, Fianehoi, Fiauk, Gooch, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Gnriey, Haiglit, Hanehett, Iliekman, Ilolman, Uutch-
ins, Julian, Kelley, Fianci> W. Kellogg, LaiiMiig, Looinu,
Lovejoy, Low, Mitchell, Justin S Mmull, Nitor, Odell
Ohn, Pike, Portei. Potter, John II. Rice, Kobinson, Ed-
u.nd II. Roiiuis, Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman.
Spanldnig, William G Steele. Snatton, Tumble, Tiow-
hiidge, Van Hot n. Van Valkeiiburgh, Venee. Wall, WasU-
burne. W bet lei, Wil.son, Wmdom, and Worcester—70.
Speaker, |—7J.
" No member of the House had the luudihood to move a
reeon>n(eration nt the vote bj winch the resolution w;i)?ie-
jeeted. \Ve have icason to believe, however, that a care-
lul search loi a pliable man waa instituted, and that pome
peisoiis wereappioaeiiedo-tenstblvoti behalf ot the friends
ot the resolution with oilers of a peeuniaiy natiue. It in
too late now to enter a motion foi icconsideiation."
.WALTON, Mr. Speaker, the reporter of
the I ribune, who has a scut in the gallery of this
House by the courtesy of the House, has seen fit
to characteuze a icsoUnion which has been intro-
duced three several times into the House, enter-
tained hy the House, and which has received the
votcsofat least one half the members of the House,
as a job. He then proceeds to name me as the re-
porter of the lesolution, and thus identifies me as
a friend of it. He then gives the names of mem-
bers who voted upon it, and among them the names
of seventy members of this House who voted for
it, thus identifying them as the friends of the
measure. He then charges that he has reason to
believe that the fiieuds of this measure have re-
sorted to bribery to carry it through the House.
Now, sir, by the rules, bribery is a breach of the
privileges of the House, and by the act of 1853 it
isacrimepunishablewithseverc penalties. I think
it is due to the members of the House who voted
upon that resolution, I think it is'duc to me, that
when a charge of this kind is made, and made by
one who is in the enjoyment of the courtesy of
the House, an investigation should take place, and
the truth or falsehood of the charge ascertained.
I therefore ask for the adoption of the following
lesolution:
Whereas the publishers of the New York Tribune, on the
authoiity of one of their coirespondents, have declared and
published that "ofFeisot a pecuniary natmc"have been
made, appaiently lot the pin pose of obtanimgaction of this
House inipropei ly, eoriuptly.and ciimmally; which charge,
if tiue, involves a breach of the privileges of the Hou e,
and, if false in respect to any members of this House or
otheis who are implicated, is a breath of the puvileges ac-
eouled toiepoiters by the courtesy ot the House: Theie-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed foithwith to mqune by whom and by what author-
ity such ciiarge, and any other contained in the article re-
ferred to, has been made, and to make thorough investiga-
tion as to their truth or falsity, and lepoit all the evidence
to the House, with their opinion theieon, and s>uch resolu-
tions as to them shall &eem meet; and that&aid committee
have power to send loi poisons and papers, and to report at
any lime.
I have put in the Committee on the Judiciary
because I want a committee of sharp lawyers.
Now, sir, I ask the House to adopt that reso-
lution. If any mtm in this House or out of it has
been guilty of oiFering or accepting a bribe to pro-
cure the passage of a measure through this House,
or has been guilty of a breach of the privileges of
the House, I desire to see due punishment meted
out to him.
Mr. Speaker, if no gentleman desires to make
this resolution stronger, 1 will move the previous
question on its adoption.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WALTON. I do not think discussion
upon the resolution is desirable. I demand the
ptcvious question.
Mr. EDGERTON moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. HUTCHINS called for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to-—ayes twenty-
five, noes not counted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiich, William Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Babbitt, Daily, Baker, Bid-
die, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Dlair, Buffinton, Calvert,
Campbell, Ohambeilin, Cl«iuents, Cobb, Colfax, Koscoe
Conkhng, Coining, Covode, Cu^field, Cutler, Davis 
Dawes, Delano, Diven, Uuelj, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed^eiton
Edwaul.s, Eliot, English, Fenton, Fesseiulen. Fisher,
Goodwin,Gnder, Hale, Hall, Uoltnan, Hutchuis, Johnson,
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellog<r, Kerrigan
Knapp,Law, Lazear,Leary, Low, McKnight", McPherson!
Malloty, May, Maymud, Menzies, Mitchell, Jtistin S. Mor-
nil, Nnton, Norton, Nugen. Odell, Ohn. Perry, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pomeioy, I'oitei, Potter, Alexander H.Kice, John
II. Rice, Edward U. Rollins, James S. Rollins,Segar,Shef-
field. Sherman, tJhiel, Smith, Stiles, Stratum, Benjamin
l-. I noma*. Van Horn, Van Valkenbitigh, Veriee, Vibbard
Wadsworth, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Web.sfer, Wbaley,
Chilton A. White, Wtcklifie, Wilson, Wood, Woodruff,
YVoiee^tci, and Wiiffht— 102.
NAYS—Messrs. Frederick A. Conkling:, Ely, Franchot,
Frank, Lansing, Lovejoy, Trimble, and Washburue—8.
So the resolution was adopted.
ADDITIONAL MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the consent of the House
to take up and put on its passage Senate bill No.
370, to provide additional medical officers for the
volunteer service.
Mr. HOLM AN. Let the bill be read for in-
foi mation.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it the intention to put that
bill on its passage at this time ?
Mr. OLIN. Certainly, that is the object; and
