12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
order to put ourselves right before the world and
to do our simple duty.
Now, sir, 1 am very glad that this subject has
been brought up and aiseusscd. Although I have
not felt particularly pleased at any time with the
conductof matters here,and with the feelingpre-
vailing among the people of the District wilh re-
gard to the class of opinions with which I am
somewhatconnected,I have yet been always ready
to do all I could towards making appropriations
in this our scat of Government, upon which I
hoped to retain a hold forever, that were neces-
sary, in order to do what was decent for a great
nation; and now I hope that Senators will recol-
lect, when an appropriation is suggested for this
purpose, that it refers to something which has
been well characterized here as a disgrace to a
civilized community.
But, sir, I rose simply to second the ideas that
have been suggested by the Senators from Massa-
chusetts and New Hampshire. I have long been
of opinion that the administration of justice, so-
called, in this city, was an administration of injus-
tice. I have no confidence in any of the men ex-
ercising judicial functions here, from the highest
to the lowest, so far as my knowledge extends—
I mean in this District, and connected with this
District. I have watchcd the course of judicial
proceedings somewhat; I have seen what has been
done and said; and, in my judgment, the courts
here are hardly worthy of the name, particularly
in the administration of criminal justice. 1 have
seen but one remedy, and have been hoping that
I might live to see the day when Congress would
be disposed to take hold of the matter with this
single view: to sweep all of the courts of this
District out of existence, and remodel the whole
affair.
I have not examined the constitutional ques-
tion, and I do not know how far we have power
with reference to the men now in office,and with
reference to the system itself. I suppose, how-
ever, the power to be ample. If we have the
power, now is the time and the best time to exer-
cise it. We have a Committee on the Judiciary
who are capable of examining this matter, and
devising a new system; and I sincerely hope that
they will devote themselves to it with the single
aim of making a system which shall place this
community upon a level in regard to the admin-
istration of justice with the States of the Union,
or those States of the Union where some regard
is paid to justice. I hope it will be speedy. My
opinions are not at all strengthened (for they have
been long entertained) by what has been said here
this morning. I have never yet seen the time
since 1 have been here when I had any hope, up
to the present moment, that a movement of this
sort would be successful. I think it may be now;
and J hope it will be made. We have ample time
before us; and I trust we shall improve that time.
I know it has been said in some newspapers
that Congress had nothing to do but gut together
and make provision for the war, and adjourn. I
did not come here with any such idea. I think
we have a vast deal to do in the way of correcting
abuses. I think the time is before us, and the
opportunity is good, arid there is sufficient power
and disposition to accomplish the purpose. If
we do nothing else in the weeks that we sit here
than reform existing abuses in the District of Co-
lumbia, and particularly in the city of Washing-
ton, we shall have accomplished much. I trust
that work will be set about, and set about diiectly.
i am unwilling that the capital of the country shall
any longer be a scene of oppression upon any
class, no matter what, or upon any man of what-
ever color. Let the laws be executed ; but if they
are wrong, let us reform them.
But with reference to runaways, men who have
escaped from rebel masters, if the abuse which has
been brought to our notice exists here, or exists
anywhere, I wisli now to say, before the country
—for tins matter has excited some interest, not
only in our aimies, but elsewheie—thdt I am for
rendering the most ample justice to them, when-
ever it can be done legally and constitutionally;
and there are few instances, I trust, in which both
these conditions will not be found to agree m ref-
erence to that matter.
I know nothing of the facts which have been
stated here this morning, except from these state-
ments; but certainly the subject should be looked
into here, and not only here, but elsewheie; and
Congress, if necessary, should express decidedly
its opinions upon it. I am ready to express mine,
not only in my place here, but wherever it may
be necessary to express them. I think the ques-
tion is one which cannot be tampered or trifled
with any longer, in view of the universal opinion
of the country. Itis well, perhaps, that we should
begin here; it is a tangible point; but I hope it
will be followed up to any extent that may be
necessary in order to accomplish the purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maine has pointed to abuses of the judi-
ciary in this District, and he has insisted that, at
last, we shall have decent men on the bench. But
that is not going far enough, sir. We must have
decent laws to be administered. There is a black
code in this District, derived from the old legisla-
tion of Maryland, which is a shame to the civil-
ization of our age. If any one wishes to know
why such abuses exist in our prisons and in our
courts here, as have been to-day so eloquently
pointed out, I refer him to that black code. You
will find in that black code an apology for every
outrage that is now complained of. If, therefore,
Senators are really in earnest—if they are de-
termined that the national capital shall be puri-
fied, that the administration of justice here shall
be worthy of a civilized community, they have
got to expunge that black code from the statute-
book; but to expunge that black code from the
statute-book, is to expunge slavery itself; and
that brings us precisely to the point. Senators
will mistake if they undertake to meet this ques-
tion merely on the threshold, merely at the out-
side. They have got to meet it in its essence, in
its substance. Why is that prison such an of-
fensive place, as I know it to be—for it has been
my fortune to visit it repeatedly? It is on account
of slavery; it is the black code which prevailsin
this District. Why is justice so offensively ad-
ministered in this District? It is on account of
those brutal sentiments generated by slavery,
sanctioned by the black code which the courts in
this District enforce.
I listened with gratitude to my distinguished
friend from New Hampshire when ho reviewed
this subject, and announced that he would soon
bring in a bill in order to remove the evil. He
did not tell us what that bill would be; but the
Senator from New Hampshire is apt to be thor-
ough. I doubt not that he understands the case;
but I am sure that he cannot meet the case unless
he strikes directly at slavery, which is the root
of all this noisome inhumanity which has been
exposed before us to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, from the
direction which the discussion has taken, one
might suppose that the judicial system of the Dis-
trict was before the Senate on a question involv-
ing the judicial system; but it is not so. This is
a resolution, as I understand it, to discharge from
the jail here in the District of Columbia certain
persons who have been placed there under the
police regulations, perhaps, of the city; and I only
rose to suggest to my friend from California, that
we have a Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and, if it has charge of anything, I should
suppose that would be the appropriate committee
to take charge of a paper of this kind. The ques-
tion is not in reference to reforming the judiciary.
It is a resolution to discharge from the jail certain
persons that are held there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A police question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so.
Air. McDOUGALL. Then I will change my
motion, and move to refer it to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator so
varies his motion, and the joint resolution will be
refencd to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia if there be no objection. !
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand that, in connec- '
tion with this proposition of the Senator from [
Massachusetts, there is also a proposition to rad- i
ically change the laws of the District. 1 think, ■
theiefoic, the Judiciary Committee would be the \
most appropriate one to which to refer it. j
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest to the Senator j
from Iowa that [ hope the Senators from Massa- j
chusetts and New Hampshire, who appear to I
understand this subject, will bring fonvaid some '
proposition to correct all these abuses, and refer i
it to the Committee on the Judiciary; and then, I j
think, it will be a proper subject for discussion. '
I do not understand that it comes up at all now.
I should like to sec these abuses reformed. It is
a great outrage if these things are so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit another
resolution which I propose to refer to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and I want
the Senator from Iowa to deal with the question:
Resolved, Tlmt all Iaw  now in force within the District of
Columbia, relating to the arrest of poi sons as fugitives from
service or labor, together with all other laws concerning
persons of color within the District of Oolumbia.be referred
to the Committee on the Disfnet of Columbia, and that the
committee be hnther instructed to consider the expediency
of abolishing slaveiy in the District, with compensation to
the loyal holders of slaves.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the consideration of the resolution at the
present time ?
Mr. WILSON. It is a matter to go to a com-
mittee, and I should like to have it considered
now if there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask whetherits
present consideration is asked with any view of
having action on the subject now, or for mere
reference ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a mere ref-
erence.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRISONERS IN DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. CLARK. I submit the following resolu-
tion,and askforits presentconsideration, if there
be no objection:
Resolved, That the marshal of the District of Columbia
bo directed to report immediately to the Senate the names
of all persons now confined in the jail of the citj of Wash-
ington, with the causes of commitment, and the names of
the magisu ates by whom commuted, and the length of their
imprisonment, and the names of the persons who made the
first arrest.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CARLILE. I suggest to the Senator from
New Hampshire, that he also embrace a require-
ment that a report be made to us of the charges
on which they have been arrested.
Mr. CLARK. The resolution does embrace
them already. " Causes of commitrnents,will em-
brace that.
Mr. HALE. I wish my colleague would ex-
tend the resolution a little so as to embrace arrests
that have been made of persons who have been
afterwards discharged. I should like to get at that.
There has been a vast number of those cases.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that
amendment. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] suggests that the phraseology of the
resolution be changed. The marshal of the Dis-
trictnotbein^underour control,he thinks it would
be better to insert the woid "requested" instead
of " directed."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that modification will be made.
Mr. HALE. I hope that phraseology will not
be adopted. We direct the Secretaries compos-
ing the Cabinet, and I think we should direct the
marshal of Washington.
Mr. CLARK. I have no choice particularly;
but he is not our officer. He is appointed by the
President, and we cannot control him.
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretaries arc not our
officcis, either.
Mr. COLLAMER. The marshal of this Dis-
trict, or of any district, is not an officer in the com-
mnnd of Congress in any way. He i-s not an
officer of ours to make a report to us. As to the
Secretary of State, he is an entirely different
officer. I cannot vote for the resolution in its
original form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not ag; rec with the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I supposed you disagreed
with me. I merely gave that as my reason for
voting against the resolution in its oncinal shape.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have heaid the Sen-
ator's reason. Now let him hear mine, why I
shall vote against changing this word. 1 should
like to know it the Secretary of State is our ofli-
