1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of intention to become such, as required by the naturaliza-
tion laws of the United Prates, shall, from and after the 1st
ot' January, 1863, be entitled to enter, free of cost, one hun-
dred and sixty acres of unappropriated public lands, upon
winch tsdul person may have filed a preemption claim, or
which mav, at the timo the application is made, be subject
to preemption at $1 25, or less, &c.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides
for granting one hundred and sixty acres to every
actual settler twenty-one years or more of age,
or head of a family, who is a citizen, or has de-
clared his intention to become such.
2. Grants one hundred and sixty acres to every
person who has or shall enlist in the military ser-
vice to suppress the present rebellion, whether
naturalized or not, and whether twenty-one years
of age or not.
3. Gives a bounty in cash of thirty dollars to
each three months soldier; while those who en-
list for the war are entitled to §100 by existing
law.
I do not propose to discuss, at this late day, the
policy of a homestead law, nor at any considera-
ble length the propriety of its adoption in the pres-
ent condition of the country. The wisdom of the
former has been heretofore ably and clearly de-
monstrated, and the people have for many years
earnestly desired the adoption of this most benefi-
cent measure. Our public lands have been ac-
quired by the expenditure of the common treasure
of the people, and certainly no more equitable dis-
position of them can be made than to appropriate
them to the purpose for which their Creator de-
signed them—the assignment of a limited quan-
tity to each head of a family, for the purpose of
cultivation and subsistence. By the adoption of
this system, the object which has ever been re-
garded as of the utmost importance in the final
disposal of our priblic lands—their early and
rapid settlement by an industrious population—
will be much sooner realized than under the old
system, which allows a large portion of the pub-
lic domain to fall into the hands of the speculator,
a system which limits and retaids settlement, be-
cause the purchaser does not desire these lands
for his own occupation, but retains them until
such time as the laborer is compelled by his ne-
cessities to yield to the demand made upon him,
and to pay to the capitalists a price entirely beyond
the means of the greater number of those who
would gladly occupy and improve them. By the
adoption of this policy, we shall hereafter avoid
the great evils; which have invariably followed the
enormous grants of public Kinds to corporations
and companies, thus building up large land mo-
nopolies, which have ever been the bane and curse
of our new States, and proved most detrimental
to the inteiessrs of that class of our fellow-citizens
who are the best entitled to the protection of the
Government, by placing them in the power of
those who have no sympathy in common with
them, and no interest "except their own aggrand-
izement. You will also, by the pioposed change
in our present system, do much to cheek the spirit
of speculation which has proved so disastrous to
the business interests of the nation.
It is true that large fortunes have been made by
speculators m the public lands; but when we re-
flect that these fortunes have been made out of the
labor of the cultivators of the soil, from contribu-
tions levied upon and wrung from them by those
who have been enabled by their capital to pur-
chase lands in large quantities from the Govern-
ment, and that these fortunes are the price.paid
by labor for the pnvilege of cultivating, improv-
ing, and making valuable these lands, we see at
a glance the impolicy and injustice of such a sys-
tem. The wild and ruinous speculations which
have invariably lesulted in general disaster, in-
volving thousandsm iuin,and which have visited
us periodically, may in almost every instance be
traced to the laciiittes alTorded by the Government
for the accumulation ot the public lands in the
hands of speculators.
In answer to the objection that these lands
should be lesei ved by the Government as a basis
of credit, m view of the present condition ol the
Tieasury, I reply that, by the adoption of this
policy you enlarge, extend, and sreally strengthen
the basis of your credit. It is not claimed that
any considerable amount of revenue, during the
cmlinnaw" of the present rebellion, will be real-
ized from this souio.e. Neither does any one con-
tend that the mere po«:.-e>sion of these lands by
the Government strengthens iti> credit. Public
credit is based upon the general wealth and pros-
perity, the extent of which depends upon the
amount of material means in our possession, and
the amount of labor applicable to these means for
the creation of wealth. Unoccupied and unim-
proved public lands afford a large portion of these
means; but until the application of labor to them,
until they are occupied and improved, they neither
add to the general wealth nor contribute to the
public credit. But when these lands are once
settled, the wealth of the nation is increased and
increasing. Your taxable basis is enlarged, not
only by an increase of the aggregate wealth, but
by a large accession to the claSs of consumers,
thereby increasing your revenue, and strengthen-
ing your credit. No wiser policy can be adopted
in the present situation of the country. Immi-
gration has almost ceased, and the present unset-
tled condition of Europe, tending to a general war
on that continent, should invite, on our part, the
adoption of the most liberal policy, which will
induce the emigrant to seek a home here, and in-
vest his capital and direct his labor to the develop-
ment of the now unproductive resources of the
country. Our paralyzed interests require that we
shall do all in our power to invite immigration
and capital to our unoccupied public lands. The
opposition to this measure has heretofore come
from that class of men whose interests lie in the
direction of land monopoly, and who are. now
engaged in a most wicked rebellion against the
Government. They have ever opposed it with
bitterness, and hitherto with success. Their
power for evil, in this respect at least, is now
broken, and the avowed friends of the homestead
policy have it in their power to adopt this most
beneficent policy, if they choose to do so.
This bill provides a bounty in money to those
soldiers who first responded to the call of the
President to defend the flag of their country. By
the act of July, 1861, a bounty of $100 is allowed
to all who shall have served for the term of six
months or longer, or who shall have received an
honorable discharge; but no provision was made
for the three months men. This bill provides for
them (in lieu of the issue of a land warrant) a
bounty of thirty dollars in money; and all sol-
diers who have, or shall have served during this
war, arc entitled to enter, free of cost, one hundred
and sixty acres of public land.
The issue of land warrants, under previous
acts, has absorbed nearly one hundred million
acres of our public lands, and thrown nearly that
amount info ihe hands ofspeculatois. But a small
proportion of those for whose immediate benefit
these warrants were issued have been benefited by
them, fuither than the small pittance which the
speculator chose to pay him forit; while the whole
system has tended to the accumulation of the lands
m the hands of a few, and has proved an unmiti-
gated eutse to the new States and Territories, and
the worst possible policy for the nation at large.
It is a far wiser and a more enlarged policy to
pay the soldier, who has served his country faith-
fully, in the currency of the country, and then,
when the war is over, permit him with his family
to go upon your public lands, and find an asylum
andahome without costand without price. Adopt
this policy, and the future prospei ity of the nation
will demonstrate its wisdom, and future genera-
tions will bless you.
I now withdraw the motion to recommit which
I submitted some days ago, and demand the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment.
Mr. POTTER. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, there was a
motion made to lecommit this bil!  and that mo-
tion was moved to be amended by instructing the
; committee to strike out the eighth section of the
| bill, and insert in lieu thereof n section extending
ii to the soldiers of the present war the benefits of
I the bounty land act of 1855. The gentleman from
i "Wisconsin has withdrawn ins motion to recom-
|j mit, and 1 presume that my amendment falls.
'I The SPEAKER. It does, there being nothing
i! before the House to which it was moved,
jj Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say that the eighth
II section of this bill contains some very important
ii provisions. The grant of thirty dollars to each
|l of the soldiers who serves for three months will
11 amount m all to £3,000,000. The soldiers who
entered the service under the act of the22d of July
last, will receive $100 bounty if they serve six
months. Now, sir- -
Mr. POTTER. I did not know that the gentle-
man wanted to make another speech.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman tp let me
get in my motion to strike out the eighth ^ecticm
of the bill, and to insert a provision extending the
bounty land law of 1855 to the soldiers of this
war. If the House is not willing to incorporate
that bounty land feature into the bill, I will not
embarrass the passage of the bill b'yhany further
motions.
Mr. POTTER. The amendment proposetTby
the gentleman from Indiana is deemea by the *
friends of this bill to be entirely opposed to the
principles of a homestead law, and I therefore
decline to admit it. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a suggestion. 1 wish to
state to the real and bona fide advocates of the
homestead policy, in regard to the proposition of
thegcntleman from Indiana, that if it were adopted
it would absorb every acre of the land now sur-
veyed by the United States—134,000,000 acres—
so that there would not be an acre of surveyed
land upon which any citizen of the United States
could claim a homestead.
Mr, HOLMAN. Let me reply to that.
Mr. POTTER. I can yield no further. I in-
sist on the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, there
being, on a division—ayes 70, noes 20.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was thou ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn, there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 74.
The amendments moved by Mr. Potter were
then severally agreed to; and the bill as amended
was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. POTTER demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHRURNE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AldrlcJi, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baker,
Baxter, Bingham, Samuel !?, Blair, Blake, Buffiuton,
Campbell, Chamberlin, Cl&rk, Clements Cobb, Colfax,
Fmleuek A.Oonkimg. Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Covode,
Cox. Ciaveu^, Cmlei, Davis, Da wr-, DUa.no, Diven, ducll,
Dunn, Falg<'iton, LMwauU, Eliot, Fly, Fessenden, Finnk,
Goodwin, Gianger, Gmley, Ilaight, Hale, Uancliett, Har-
rison, liolnian, Hooper, Iloiton, Hntehins, Julian, Kelley,
Fian«_i& W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ktiapp, Lansing,
Ti.iw, Lazeai, Lovejoy, McKnight, McPherson, Mitchell,
Mooiheail, Anson l\ Mornil, Justin S. Motrill, Nixon,
Nugen, 0hn, Patton, Pendleton, Perry,Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Poinoroy, Poitpr, Potter, Alexander II. Iliee, John H.
Rice, Richardson, lliddle, Robinson, Edvvaid II. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan, John B.
Steele, Slovens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiain,
Tumble, Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Van Valkenburgh,
Van Wyek, Verree, Voorhoes, Wallace, E. P. Walton,
Waul, Washburni', Whaloy, Albeit *3. White, Wilson,
Wmdom, W7oodrufT, Worcester, and Wright—107.
NAYS—Mcsms. Joseph Bsuly, Jacob I . Blair, George II.
Biowne, William G. Brown.Coming, Crittenden,Dtmiap,
Gudcr, Ilaidmg, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Norton,
Shiei. Vibbaid, and Wieklifte—16.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. ANCONA stated that he was paired with
Mr. Bailey, of Massachusetts.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Lehman was
paired with Mr. Van Horn, and that the latter
would have-voted for and the former against the
bill.
Mr. DAWES .stated that Mr. Fenton was
paired with Mr. Webstf.r, and that the former
would have voted for and the latter against the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that he was paired with
Mr. Riifrmhn, who was necessarily absent assur-
geon of a volunteer regiment. Mr. J. would have
voted aaamst the bill in its present shape.
The ^ ote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
