1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
cer. He is appointed by the President, and con-
firmed by the Senate, but he is an officer of the
United States, and do not we direct him? Here
is a subordinate officer, and the Senator says we
cannot direct him to report to us. This question,
as to the proper form of a resolution calling upon
any Department for information, has been dis-
cussed two or throe times since I have been in the
Senate, and the Senate has uniformly decided,
and decided upon the yeas and nays, that in com-
municating with the coordinate branches of the
Government, with the Executive, we should re-
quest information ; but when we communicate with
the subordinate officers, we direct them to make
a report, and I think, here in the District of Co-
lumbia, we have a right to direct a report from an
officer in this District. Here we have exclusive
control; there are no constitutional difficulties.
We have complete control, in every respect, over
the District of Columbia, to legislate font in every
form which a State Legislature could adopt withm
its own jurisdiction; and surely, if we can direct
anybody, we can direct the officers here in the
District of Columbia to make reports to the Sen-
ate. I hope that we shall adhere to the phrase-
ology of the resolution as first introduced by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I suggested the alteration merely
to satisfy my friend from Vermont; but I find 1
satisfy nobody, and, if the Senate will allow me,
as there has been no motion to amend, I will ad-
here to my own original impressions, and use the
word " directed.'*
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, 'rii.it so much of the President's message as re-
lates to our foreign n_'lation« generally; also, so much as
relate? to any claim of the British Government on account
of the detention of the t-hip Pcrthshne; and also so much
as relates to the estabh.-hmenl of diplomatic iclations witii
the Governments of Hayti and Liberia, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
WILLIAM BROWN.
Mr. KING submitted the followingresolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
transfer the petition and papers of William Biown. of Brook-
lyn, New Yoik, liom the tiles of the Senate to those of the
House ofllepresentatives.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the chief clerk of the Court of
Claims, transmitting reports of the Court of
Claims adverse to the claims of David D. Mitch-
ell; the claim of R. A. Clements, administrator of
James N. Mullican; the claim of Stephen John-
ston and others; the claim of Thomas Hicks, ex-
ecutor of Isaac Hicks; the claim of Thomas B.
Graham; the claim of T. S. J. Johnson; and the
claim of Alexander D. Anderson, administrator
of John Anderson.
Also, reports from the Court of Claims in favor
of the claim of James Preston Beck, administra-
tor of Preston Beck, jr., deceased; the claim of
John Skirving; and the claim of Charles H. Tod-
hunter, accompanied by the following bills:
A bill for the relief of James Preston Beck,
administrator of Preston Beck, jr., deceased;
A bill for the relief of Charles H. Todhunter;
and
A bill for the relief of John Skirving:.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the bills and re-
ports were referied to the Committee on Claims.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair takes
this occasion to announce the appointment of
William Pitt Fessenden, of Maine, and Lyman
Trumbull, of Illinois, as Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution under the resolution of yester-
day.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr, LATHAM presented a petition of citizens
of New Idria, Fresno county, California, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from San Juan
to New Idria, and the establishment of a post
office at New Idria; which was refened to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of the
State of Kansas and Teiritory of Colorado, pray-
ing a survey by the United States, and the estab-
lishment of a wagon road, from Atchison, in the
State of Kansas, to Denver City, in the Territory
of Colorado, thence to Salt Lake City, in the Ter-
ritory of Utah; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mon-
terey, California, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from San Juan to New Idria, and
a post office at New Idria, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
tie also presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, in favor of the
establishment of a semi-weekly mail from San
Diego, via Santa Isabell, to Buena Vista, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, in favor of the
establishment of mail routes from Areata and Gold
Bluff to Crescent City, and from Trinity Centre
to the Forks of Salmon, in Klamath county, via
Summerville, Cecihille, and Centreville; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the establishment
of a weekly mail route from San Diego, via San
Luis Rey, San Juan Capistrano, and Arnheim,
to Los Angeles, and the establishment of post
offices at San Luis Rey, San Juan Capistrano,
and Arnheim; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the establishment
of certain post offices and post routes within that
Stale, and for the extension of the mail route now
established from Oioville to Susanville, Honey
Lake Valley, to Virginia City, in Utah Territory;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LATHAM. These resolutions of the Le-
gislature of California were sent to me at the last
session of Congress too late to offer them at that
time, and 1 now take this occasion to present
them to the Senate.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN WILKES.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (H. R. No. 10) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain Wilkes, of the United
States Navy, was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HALE. I object to that reference, and I
desire to state my reason. It is a resolution
touching a matter in relation to the naval affairs
of the country entirely, and appropriately belongs
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the at-
tempt now to take it out of its ordinary course
and refer it to the Committee on Foreign Relations
will be taken as an intimation that there is some
doubt in some minds as to the propriety of the
course that Captain Wilkes took. 1 do notwish
at the outset to put ourselves in that position.
My own opinion is that it should go in the reg-
ular channel.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to have no question
with regard to the direction of thai resolution be-
tween myself and my friend from New Hamp-
shire, and I cheerfully consent that it shall go
according to his motion. I had thought that,
upon the whole, the more appropriate committee
for it was the Committee on Foreign Relations,
but if the Senator from New Hampshire thinks
differently, I most cheerfully yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts withdraws his motion, and the
joint resolution will be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILKINSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 77) to abolish the distinction between
the regular and volunteer forces of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
fened to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous
eonsentobtainod,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
74) for the relief Charles McCormick, assistant
surgeon in the United States Army; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 75) to
establish a line of steam mail ships between San
Francisco, in California,and Shanghai, in China,
touching at the Sandwich Islands and Japan;
which was read twice by its title,and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Ho also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave-to introduce a bill (S. No. 76) to
authorize and facilitate mining operations in the
States of California and Oregon, and in the Ter-
ritories ofthe United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 20) giving the thanks of Congress to Lieu-
tenant John Henry Russell, the officers, seamen,
and marines of the steam frigate Colorado, for
their gallantry at Pensacola; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. While I am up, I desire to more
that the joint resolution (S. No. 17) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Du-
pont, and the officers, seamen, and marinesunder
his command, for the victory at Port Royal, in-
troduced yesterday, be taken from the table, and
also referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that that last ref-
erence may not be considered for a few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will not be so referred.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to fill up the " corps of
cadets" in the United States Military Academy
at West Point.
Mr. NESMITH gave notice of tois intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the
appointment of a board of commissioners for the
purpose of investigating claims growing out of
Indian spoliations in California, Oregon, and
Washington Territory.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 4, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The following additional members appeared in
their seats:
Messrs. Alexander S.Divenand Isaac C.De-
laplaine, of New York; Mr. AlbertS. White,
of Indiana; Mr. Gilman Marsto.v, of Now
Hampshire.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House reports
of the Court of Claims numbered from 276 to 285,
inclusive, and stated that under the rule, the bills
would be considered as read a first, and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims,
and the adverse reports would be placed on the
Calendar of the Committee of the Whole House.
The followingare the reports:
No. 276. In the case of Charles Todhunter,
claiming pay as inspector of customs in Califor-
nia—report allowing $412.
No. 277. In the case of Alexander D. Ander-
son, of Monroe, Michigan, and other legal heiis
of Colonel John Anderson, deceased, claiming
pay for property destroyed by the enemy in the
war of 1812—adverse report.
No. 278. In the case of R. A. Clements,adniin-
istratorof James N. Mullican,deceased, claiming
compensation for contract to furnish stone to con-
struct a portion of the Cumberland road, west-
waid through the States of Indiana and Illinois—
adverse report
No. 27i). In the case of John Skirvirig, of the
District of Columbia, claiming pay for making
design, drawing, and working drawings for con-
verting the old jail in the District of Columbia
into a lunatic asylum—bill reported allowing
$1,142.
