1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 3,
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 154) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862; when the Speaker
signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at half past
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 3, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. crei)entxals presented.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the creden-
tials of Hon. Joseph A. Wright, appointed by
the Governor of IndianaaSenatorfrom that State,
to fill, until the next meeting of the Legislature,
the vacancy occasioned by the expulsion of Jesse
D. Bright. The credentials having been read, the
oath prescribed by law was administered to Mr.
Wright, and he took his seat in the Senate.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance \yith a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 16th of January, information in relation
to payments for transportation made to railroads
in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware,and Pennsylva-
nia; which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia; and ordered to he
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, a statement of the
contingent expenses of the War Department for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861; which was
ordered to lie on the table,and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 7th of January, information in relation to
the number of three years volunteers in the ser-
vice of the United States, and the number of brig-
adier generals and other brigade officers that have
been nominated to the Senate for confirmation;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary cyf War, commu-
nicating, m compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 29th of January, information m re-
lation to the number of troops raised for the service
of the United States in each State of the Union;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 4th of
February, in relation to the orders, supplies, and
amount of force given to the military command
in service in Kansas; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be punted.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 24th of
February, to institute an inquiry and report what
officers employed in the collection and protection
of the revenue may be discontinued without detri-
ment to the public service; which was ordered to
he on the table, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of Warm answer
to a resolution of the Senate of December 30,1861,
transmitting copics of the proceedings of the court-
martial that tried the charges against Captain
Thomas Jordan, of the quartermaster's depart-
ment.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the papers be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As to print-
ing, I think the committee had better examine the
documents first; they are very voluminous.
Mr. NESMITH. The proceedings are pre-
sented in response to a resolution I offered to the
Senate at an earlf part of the session. I should
be glad to have them printed, because there are
legislative matters dependent on these documents
that I desire to call up when they are printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. HALE. Before the motion to print is put,
I want simply to make a single remark about it.
Up to within a very few years, the Senate rigidly
refused to interfere, even to call for papers of this
kind. I know there were some proceedings that
I thought were perfectly outrageous in the Navy
Department a few years ago, and I tried to get the
Senate to call for them, but it was resisted, and
resisted by a most decided vote of the Senate, upon
the ground that it was unwise and indiscreet and
injurious to the service for the Senate to undertake
to set themselves up as a court of revision of the
doings of the Army and Navy in courts-martial.
The Senate refused it for years; and if I am not
mistaken, the very first instance in which there
has been a departure from that rule was at the
present session—perhaps it may not have been first,
but it was among the first—on the call of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who offered a res-
olution calling for the proceedings of the court-
martial in the case of Colonel Miles, for his con-
duct at the battle of Bull Run. It is an entire
innovation. If you are going to keep up courts-
martial in the Army or Navy, you must let them
go for what they are; you might just as well call
for the proceedings of the judicial courts in the
trial of criminals, and submit them to revision
here. As the law is constituted this body has no
power over them at all. They are in the nature
of judicial proceedings. You must amend your
laws, and not call for the proceedings in each par-
ticular ease; and it has been for a great many years
the course of the Senate not to cb.ll for them. I
am opposed to a departure from it unless the law
is changed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will withdraw his motion to punt. If we
begin to print papers of this description, we shall
necessarily incur very great expense, and the
printing can amount to nothing except the grati-
fication of curiosity. Such papers are generally
called for on the suggestion of a single Senator, if
at all, and ho can examine them; but to call for
proceedings of courts-martial, and then print
them, will involve in the consequences consider-
able expense. They ought to be referred and
looked into before we decide on piinting.
Mr. NESMITH. Very well; I withdraw my
motion to print.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILMOT presented a petition of citizens
of Easton, Pennsylvania, praying for the total
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented four petitions from citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for the total abolition of
slavery throughout tiie country; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania in relation to the cooperation of
that State with New Jersey and Delaware in the
defenses of Delaware river and bay; which were
leferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Wil-
liam Chestnut and other citizens of Ossawatomie,
Kansas, praying for the establishment of a daily
mail route from Leavenworth to Fort Scott; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of George Brat-
ton and others, citizens of Kansas, praying for
the establishment of a daily mail route from To-
peka to Humboldt; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the passage of a law forfeiting
the property of rebels, and that the proceeds be
applied to the payment of the expenses of the
war; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Fred-
erick B. Van Vleck and others, citizens of New
York, praying for the location of a national arm-
ory at Rock Island, Illinois; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of Jane
McAllister, daughter of a revolutionary soldier,
praying for pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Torah, in Stearns
county, viaLake George and Grove Lake, to Alex-
andria, in Douglas county, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route by steamers weekly, from Detroit,
Michigan, to Duluth, in the State of Minnesota;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of AlfredP. Fos-
ter and others, citizens of New York, praying that
South Carolina, Georgia, and all that portion of
Florida lying east of the Appalachicola river, be
reduced to a territorial condition, and set apart to
colonize all persons set free from slavery; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of B.
C. Bailey, praying remuneration for expenses and
damages sustained by him by the seizure and de-
tention of'thc ship Arago while in the prosecution
of a lawful voyage in the month of May, 1861, by
the naval commanding officer of the United States
at Hampton Roads; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARRIS presented three petitions of citi-
zens of New York, one signed by all the State offi-
cers of that State, praying that the office and dig-
nity of a full major general be conferred upon
General John E. Wool, and that his rank as such
take effect from the time when his commission of
major general by brevet bears date; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented nine petitions
from citizens of California, praying for the estab-
lishment of an overland mail from the eastern
States through New Mexico to Los Angeles, Cal-
ifornia; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
reports from committees.
Mr. FOSTER,from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Erastus
Hutchins, of Morgan county, Ohio, praying for
arrears of pension, reported adversely thereon,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Samuel Noah, of Mount
Pulaski, Logan county, Illinois, praying for a pen-
sion, reported adversely thereon, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charlotte Crane, of
Richmond county, New York, widow of Ichabod
B. Crane, colonel of the first regiment of artillery,
United States Army, praying for a pension, re-
ported adversely thereon, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William R. Coombs,
praying for a pension, reported adversely thereon,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Eunice Church, pray-
ing for a pension, reported adversely thereon,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Hugh H. Howard,
praying for a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S.No. 219) granting an invalid
pension to Hugh H. Howard, of Hockiogport,
State of Ohio. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 125) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main, and to provide a bounty to soldiers in lieu
of grants of the public lands; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
