ime
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
.by.the authorities who were authorized to canvass
the votes of the Territory—the Governor, chief
justice, and the district attorney. Tiiey commis-
sion the contestant here, if that is his character.
The sitting Delegate comes here and says he was
commissioned on the 29th day of April; that it
was done at Omaha; that it was done in the Gov-
ernor's office. Well, sir, the committee, in their
report, supply another fact in this connection.
They show that twenty-five days after this com-
mission was signed by the Governor, the now
sitting Delegate gives notice, as contestant, that
he will take testimony. Here, with his certificate
in his pocket, which he says is a genuine paper,
twenty-five days after it was given, he notifies the
other party that he will take testimony as con-
testant.
Well, sir, things run along, and it is ascertained
in whose handwriting this certificate was; the gen-
tleman makes his appearance here. I told my
friend, who is now the contestant, that it was his
duty to bring that person before the committee.
He addressed him a note. This person came to
the room of the contestant. Our rooms were ad-
joining, and I heard his statement. It was reduced
to writing, and reduced to writing by Mr. Pent-
land himself. As then written down, it contained
other matters, and these are the means by which
Mr. Pentland could fix the very day upon which
it was done. That was long after it purported to
be signed.
There was another transaction connected with
this, in reference to which the sitting Delegate can
answer or not as he pleases. At the same time
the sitting Delegate carried off this fraudulent cer-
tificate he purchased from Governor Black a horse
and buggy, and that was subsequent to the time
when Governor Black had ceased to be Governor
of the Territory. Now, the statement of Mr.
Pentland is perfectly consistent with all the facts
of the case, as detailed by Daily himself, except
this last one, which the gentleman can explain.
Mr. DAILY. The gentleman from lllinoissaid
I could answer,or not, as 1 pleased. I simply
say that I do answer that Governor Black was
Governor when he signed the first certificate, and
that he was the acting Governor of (lie Territory
when he signed it the second time. In reference
to the purchase of n horse and buggy, I have to
say that I did not purchase until ho liad left his
home to leave the Territory, and that I then pur-
chased them for $100 less than cost.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Some confusion has
grown up in reference to the matter, and I am
glad the gentleman has set it right, for I would not
do him injustice. Pentlund's statement was that
the gentleman purchased the horse and buggy on
the same day that the commission was signed.
Mr. DAWES. Whose statement was that?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Pentland's.
Mr. DAWKS. Where do you find it in the
testimony ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not speaking of
the testimony.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am speaking of a
transaction that occurred, which was stricken
from the testimony because I did not think it ought
to ho included.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman say that
any such testimony as that was offered to the
committee ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know whether
it was or not. i have not said it was, and do not
suppose it was.
Mr. DAWES. Undoubtedly not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The contestant tried to
have Pentland brought before the committee in
order that he might testify to all of the facts.
Mr. DAWES. L (it mo ask my friend from
Illinois whether it is hardly fair to argue a case
here upon that which he admits is not m testi-
mony, ,and was never offered ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will keep quiet and listen to me
ho will find that 1 am not travehngoutof the rec-
ord. I stated distinctly that it was stricken out
of the affidavit at my suggestion, and I also stated
that it was the means by which Pentland could
fix the precise day. His fixing the.day wascon-
sistent with every fact in connection with this
case. That was done subsequently to the time
when the sitting Delegate's last testimony was
taken. -So far as the testimony of Pentland is
concerned, it is immaterial. The sitting Delegate
admits it aif, every part and particle of it. The
contestant made the proposition before the com-
mittee that they should take the testimony of Mr.
Pentland.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is another point in
connection with this matter. Pentland obtained
an office. I addressed the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to know upon whose recommendation Mr.
Pentland obtained that office, and I have before
me his reply. One or two days after Morton had
offered to introduce Pentland as a witness before
the committee, the sitting Delegate recommended
the appointment of that witness as a clerk in one
of the Departments here. I ask the Clerk to read
the letter of the Secretary of the Interior.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior, april 22,4862.
Sir: In reply to your Ictierof the 21stinstant, I have the
honor to infonn you that Mr. A- W. Pentland was appointed
a temporary cJerkintUeGencral Land Office the loth March,
J862, on the recommendation ot Hon. S. G. Daily, of Ne-
braska Territoiy. There are no papers on file in the De-
partment in behalf of Mr. Pentland.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. W. A. Richardson, House of Representatives.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If you will examine the
date of Pentland's affidavit, and the appointment
of Pentland by the Secretary of the Interiorupon
the recommendation of the sitting Delegate, you
wili find that they occurred within two or three
days of each other. Thus stands this case so far
as this point is concerned.
I will pass to the consideration of another point.
The gentleman from Massachusetts disposed of
the question in reference to the vote at the precinct
in L'eau-qui-court, which he thinks ought to be re-
jected, by saying that one of the witnesses who
testified m relation to it was impeached. I believe
1 state the gentleman correctly. He admits that
one of them was guilty of perjury. Do I state
him correctly? Does he deny that the judge of
the election at the precinct who certified to the
correctness of the polls mid then swore they were
not correct was not guilty of perjury ? Do I under-
stand the gentleman to take that position ? The
gentleman neither admits nor denies it.
A Member. Hcjcaves you to the proof.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I thought that it was
the duty of committees of this House, when in-'f
vestigating these matters, to give the facts upon
which they found their conclusions. Here the
gentleman from Massachusetts stands as an ad-
vocate upon one side and unwilling to admit this
fact, I say, and I say it without fear of an issue
with the gentleman, that the judge of the election
who certified in the first instance that it was cor-
rect, and then swore that it was fraudulent, com-
mitted perjury. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts whether he takes issue with me on that
statement?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois
will find in the Globe of this morning exactly
what I did state on that point, and I will either
read it or restate it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Restate it.
Mr. DAWES. I stated that the man who came
into court and swore against his return was im-
peached to that extent, and stood precisely in the
light of a man who had turned State's evidence.
Mr. RICHARDSON, We have in our coun-
try, and I do not know what is the practice in the
gentleman's State, statutes forbidding such per-
sons from giving testimony in court. If they do
not have them m Massachusetts, they ought to
have them; and I commend the matter to"their
consideration. I say, and say it without fear of
contradiction, that the judge who certified to the
correctness of the return, and did so under oath,
and then swore that it was not correct, committed
perjury in one instance or another. But the gen-
tleman disposes of it by saying that it is a light
matter. He says that there is plenty of testimony
beside. There is one witness out of four—three
have been impeached,but the fourth hasnotbeen
impeached. 1 appeal to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] who sits before me,
who has been a judge, and I have no doubt agood
one, whether it ever happened in any court where
a party who introduced perjured testimony, and
which he knew to be perjured testimony, that he
was let off by saying, " I know that two of the
three witnesses have sworn falsely, but there is
one-whom you have not proved swore falsely."
Does not the fact that the party has brought in
false testimony attach to all of his case ? 1 have
some little experience in courts of justice, and I
do not remember a single case where a party has
come in with perjured testimony, knowing it to
be perjured, that he got a verdict, and I do not
think that a verdict ought to be had upon such
testimony as that.
But the contestant has brought some testimony
to impeach part of these witnesses. There is no
necessity in turning back to the testimony of the
man Heck. He testified, when he came down to
testify, that some one was trying to buy him. He
could not recollect who that person was, but that
he would know him again if he could see him;
trying to create the impression that the other side
was making an effort to buy him. But he wa's
never able to find the party who was trying to buy
him. I put the question, why does it not impeach
the credibility of the witness? If there was noth-
ing else in the case but the simple fact that the sit-
ting Delegate had introduced a witness who had
committed perjury, that destroys his whole case,
especially when it starts out with fraud and forg-
ery. What was the course in another instance?
Take the Falls City precinct, where the sitting
Delegate got one hundred or one hundred and four
majority; I do not recollect precisely. But the
judge refused to sign the poll because it was fraud-
ulent, because the ballot-box had been tampered
with. The vote counted was not the vote polled.
It was not a fair and honest vote. But that is not
the point in controversy. The testimony estab-
lishes the fact that they had tampered with the
ballot-box; that it was tied with a string; that it
was taken to the House of this man Schuyler at
night; that votes for Morton were taken out and
votes for Daily put in.
Mr. NOBLE. I deem it my duty to state that
I am well acquainted with the witness with whom
the ballot-box was left, Mr. Schuyler. 1 have
been acquainted with the two Schuylers a great
while. Where they lived before they went there,
they would neither be believed on oath nor in-
trusted with anything. I could relate instances of
fraud above anything I ever knew during an act-
ive practice of law for twenty years. It is not
necessary to relate them particularly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. A gentleman upon this
floor makes the statement, in the presence of the
House, that the party who had possession of the
ballot-box came from Ohio with as bad a char-
acter as any man could possibly have. The testi-
mony discloses that he had the ballot-box over-
night, that he had it two or three hours at dinner
time; that he took out ballots of one kind and put
in those of another. It is a fact that the ballot-box
was tampered with, and that is sufficient to satisfy
any one that its vote ought not to be received.
But the committee was silent as the tomb on
another* point. Take the precinct in which the
sitting Delegate lives. There a large vote was cast,
but when you come to examine the case there is
no name upon the poll books. They kept a list
of the voters. Now, how could you purge that
poll ? Instead of keeping the names, as required
by law^at the precinct of Peru, they kept only
the number, and they had nothing else. Peru is
one of those places that you might readily pass
through, and then inquire, after you got beyond
it, how far it was to the place. That is the point
where the sitting Delegate lives. There his friends
had almost entire control of the precinct, and he
gets a hundred and odd votes, and the contestant
ten or twelve, or fifteen or twenty. But the law
requires that they shall keep a list of the voters,
so that there may be a fair election. That was
not done.
Now, I do not care at what point you commence
to investigate this case, whether at the beginning
or the end, it is still a case conceived in fraud and
sustained by perjury; and the sitting Delegate
asks that he may be permitted to go scot free,
and not be compelled to suffer the consequences,
when he knows that the case is fraudulent, and
when he knows that the statement upon the face
of the certificate is not true. Like all deeds which
are fraudulent, they express a good considera-
tion, a valuable consideration, and everything of
that sort, repeated and reiterated time and again.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to pursue this
investigation further. Whatever may be the re-
sult of this contest, however the case may term-
inate, I shall fotever hereafter be enabled to take
