14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
No. 280. In the case of David D. Mitchell, of
St. Louis, Missouri, claiming pay under contract
to furnish mules for the Utah expedition in 1858
—adverse report.
No. 281. In the case of Preston Beck, jr., sur-
viving partner of Bent & Beck, of Santa Fe, New
Mexico, claiming pay for one hundred and thirty,
four head of animals taken by the Navajo Indi-
ans, in the year 1849 — bill reported allowing
$G,5G5.
No. 282. In the case of Thomas Hicks, execu-
tor of Isaac Hicks, of Brunswick county, State
of Virginia, claiming pay due to Isaac Hicks, as
captain in the revolutionary war—ad verse report.
No. 283. In the case of Thomas S. J. Johnson,
Edwin Curtis, and Joseph Baker, claiming pay
for coal and lumber furnished to United States
troops in New Mexico, in 1851—adverse report.
No. 284. In the case of Thomas B. Graham,
of Washington, Daviess county, Indiana, claim-
ing pay for flat-boat and cargo, wrecked on the
Mississippi river, opposite Memphis, by the Uni-
ted States steam frigate Alleghany—ad verse report.
No. 285. In the ease of Stephen Johnson, Eliza
Winans, and Stephen Winans, heirs-at-law oi
Stephen Johnson, deceased, claiming pay for land
granted to Stephen Johnson in 1826, but the title to
which was not received by him—adverse report.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the firstbusinessin order
to be the call of committees for reports.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. COLFAX. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer
the following resolution; on which I demand the
previous question:
Rcsolcetl, That the Committee on the Po--t Office and
Post ttoads authorized to employ .1 rleik, 10 be paid, {or
such time as be may be actually employed, the usual com-
pensation.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
opeiation thereof the resolution was adopted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to report back House bill
No. 7, to secure homesteadsto actual settlers upon
the publicdomain,andI ask the previous question
on its passage.
Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM. I hope that the gen-
tleman from Illinois will not insist upon his de-
mand for the previous question until I am permit-
ted to make a statement in regard to a similar bill
which is now pending before the Committee on
Public Lands for consideration. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY, I have reported the original
homestead bill, which has been fully discussed,
and is already well known to the iTouse, and I
therefore declinc to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Committee on
Public Lands, which has just adjourned, has had
before it for consideration a bill 011 this very
subject.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands to this subject. I hope this bill will
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
and that the subject will be allowed to he over for
■consideration.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I decline to withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for a division.
Thecallfor the previous question was seconded
—ayes 55, noes 38.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on ordering the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays* 60; as follows:
YEAS—Mi'w-? AUInch, Arnold, Babbitt. Baker, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Iiingham, Jacob P. Blaii, Samuel S. Blair,
Wake, Buthnton. Buinham, Chambcrlin, Claik, Colfax,
.Fu-denek A. Conkhmr, Conway, Davi^, Delano, Diven,
Duel), Edgerton, Fenton. Fessenden. Fianehot, llanchett,
Hickman, Hooper, Loomis, Lovvjoy, McPherson, Mais-
tor], Mitchell, Mobihead, An^on P. Montll. Paiton, T. G.
PJjpfp*, Pike, Alexander II llice. John II Usee. Saigeant,
Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan. Spuulding, Stevens,
Trowbridge, Upton, Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valken-
burgh,Van Wyck, Wallace, Chmles W.Walton, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, and Wright—08.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, A«hley, Riddle,
Campbell,Cobb, Roscoe Conkltnjr, Coining, Cox, Ctavens.
Crisfield, Dawes, Dunlap. Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, English.
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Haidin<r, llanison, Dolman, :
Horton, Ilutclnn*, Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Law,
Lazear. Learv, Lehman, JMcKnight, Mavnard, Menzies,
Justin 'S. Morrill, Moins, Nixon', Noble, Nocll, Norton,
Odell, Olin, Perry, Potter, Richardson, Riddle, Robinson,
Edwaid H. Rollins, Shellabaiger, Sluel, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stratum, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fiancis Thomas, Train, Tumble, Yalland.gl^m. Wads-
worth, Wall, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Chilton A. White,
Woodruff, and Worcestei—69.
So the main question was not ordered to be put.
During: the vote,
Messrs. ALLEN, CAMPBELL, and MOR-
RIS, not being within the bar when their names
were called, asked leave to vote.
There was 110 objection; and they voted in the
negative.
Mr. CALVERT, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. LOVEJOY objectod.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, I supposed, as
this bill had already been considered by the House,
that there would be no objection to its passage at
this time. I have no motion to make on the sub-
ject, the main question having been refused to be
ordered; but will leave the bill to take its natural
course.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; and, on
that motion, I will make a brief statement. The
Committee on Public Lands have several bills of
this character under consideration, which were
referred to them at the last session of Congress,
and this will explain the vote I have just given.
This House knows very well—and all those who
have any interest in this subject know very well
—that 1 have been in favor of some proposition
for granting homesteads to actual settlers. But
the subjcct has been referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and that committee has already
had it under consideration at this session. This
is the third day of the session, and yet that com-
mittee have had two meetings on the question.
I was surprised, therefore, when I came into the
House, at an early hour this morning, to find
that my friend from Illinois [Mr. Lo\ejoy] had
introduced a homestead bill without previous no-
tice, and had asked that it should be put on its
passage immediately. No bill, Mr. Speaker, will
come before this Congress at its present session
of more importance than this homestead bill, and
it requires, and ought to have, mature considera-
tion before it is reported to the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that the gentleman
from Wisconsin understands that the bill which
I have reported, and which is now pending, was
referred regularly to the Committee on Agricul-
ture at the last session of Congress, on motion of
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Aldricii.]
Mr. POTTER. Has that committee had the
subject under consideration at this session ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. It had it very fully under
consideration at the last session of Congress. It
was before the committee at this session, but a
majority of the members were not present. I
consulted with all of the members of the com-
mittee I could find, and inasmuch as the matter
had been fully discussed and been up over and
over again m this House, I did not suppose that
there would be any objection to voting 011 the bill
this morning. I did not imagine that any for-
mality was necessary.
Mr. POTTER. Has the gentleman's committee
instructed him to report this bill to this House?
Mr. LOVEJOY. As a committee they have
not—there was not a quorum present.
Mr. POTTER. Then I am borne out in the
statement that the gentleman from Illinois, witli-
out consultation and direction of his committee,
! has reported this bill to the House. It is then
ij irregularly and improperly before us. On the
■ j contraiy, the several bills 011 the same subject,
i; referred to the Committee on Public Lands, have
j; been before that committee twice during thisses-
li sion; and on both occasions a majority of the
,! members of the committee were present. Under
the circumstances, it was not proper for another
committee to bring the matter before the House
at this early day of the session. I am surprised
that the gentleman from Illinois should have taken
the course he has; and I hope that my motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Public Lauds
will prevail.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to add a
word to the statement of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands. The labors of that committee arc directed
to the consideration of bounty lands in connection
with the homestead policy, and their desire and
purpose are to so adjust these two schemes as to
subserve the public interest to the utmost. That
was the reason I made the objection in the absence
of the chairman oftheCommittee*on Public Lands,
and I am glad that the House has refused to sus-
tain the ordering of the main question, so that this
bill may take the course proposed by the motion
of the gentleman from Wisconsin, and that we
may be allowed time maturely to consider these
, two systems of policy, and if possible to reconcile
i them to each other. 1 demand the previous
! question.
| Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that I will be pcr-
! mitted to offer a resolution of instruction on the
, bounty land policy.
; Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I cannot yield for
that purpose; but I will yield to a request to the
committee to consider any scheme that the gen-
tleman from Indiana has to offer.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me make a statement.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I yield for that
purpose. 1 will not yield, as I have said, for a
positive instruction to the committee, as 1 want
the committee to be left untrammcled.
Mr. HOLMAN. My statement is this: I wish
to have an expression of the opinion of the House
i in reference to granting bounty lands to soldiers
i engaged in this war. There was some doubt ex-
pressed as to the position of the committee on
that point, and I hope I will be permitted to move
a resolution instructing them on the subject one
way or the other.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I decline to with-
draw the previous question for that purpose. I
insist on my demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the House will
vote down the demand for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that there will be no
objection to my moving that the hill be rcconv
' mitted to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
had extended that courtesy to me ten minutes ago,
I would gladly now withdraw the demand for the
previous question for him. I insist 011 the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers on sec-
onding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Worcester
and Van Wyck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote last taken; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, reported the following resolutions:
RcsoheiK Tb.it theie be printed for the use of this House
fi ve thousand copies of the message of the Pie-ident of the
United States, and the accompanyimj documents.
Resolved, That, m addition, theie be pinned for tiie use
of this House, in pamphlet foini, fifteen hundred copies of
the said message and the rcpoits pioper of the heads of
Departments, without the aecompanwnsj document-.
Resolved, Tnat in addition tin-re be punted foi the u-e of
tlu>  [louse, twenty lHe thousand eopie-. of --aid me. ^>)ge,
with the diplomatic com>pondence from the State Depait-
! ment, and the icpoits proper of the heads oi Departments,
! am* chieK of buieuus connected thciewith. omitting such
] statistical matter^ and details as aie not requned foi g< neral
i diJ-tiihution.
i Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. These are the
, numbers usually ordered—the same numbers or-
dered at the first session of last Congress. I call
the previous question.
j The previous question was seconded, and the
S main question ordered to be put.
j Mr. HUTCH1NS. I risctoaquestion of privi-
| lege. 1 have befoie me a letter purporting to be
! written by Hon. Joseph Slgar, and addressed
: to Major General Dix.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly dees how
i that is a question of privilege.
