1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. My resolutions
relate to privileged questions.
The SPEAKER. Yery true; but the {gentle-
man from Ohio says he rises to a question of priv-
ilege, which always takes precedence of a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. HUTCHINS. The matter relates to the
seat of a member upon this floor.
The SPEAKER. There is no such member
upon this floor.
Mr. IIUTCHINS. I think it relates to his
qualification as a member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is not
a question of privilege. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the resolutions reported by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Walton.]
The question was put, and the resolutions were
adopted.
SITTINGS OF SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. VAN WICK, from the select committee
to inquire into Government contracts, reported the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the sclect committee to inquire into the
contracts made by the Government, of which the Hon.
Ciiari.cs H. Van Wycic Is chaitinau, have leave to sit
dunng the sessions of the IIou e.an<l toiepoit from tune to
time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The latter part of
that resolution changes the rules of the House,
and 1 object to it on that account. I think the
precedent is a bad one. To the first part of the
resolution I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The point of order is
well taken, and if the gentleman insists upon it,
the resolution must lie over.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If, as I am advised,
the object is to have the testimony, which I un-
derstand is very voluminous, reported, 1 will not
insist upon my point.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not suppose that
under the circumstances there would be any ob-
jection. The gentleman has stated correctly the
object of the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw my
point of order.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That in the matter of the contested-election
case in the third congressional dismctot Pennsylvania,
the further time of tcii days is hereby granted to the con-
testant, foi tiie purpose of taking testimony, from and after
the expbauon of the twenty days granted to the sitting
member by the resolution of the House of the 3d instant,
said testimony to be confined to such astnaj rebut the tes-
timony taken tinder such resolution, and to be taken before
the same magistiate,and in ail respects m the manner pro-
vided in said icsolution.
The SPEAKER, as the next business in order,
proceeded to call the States for resolutions,under
which call bills, on leave,could be introduced.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. UPTON introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, to provide for the res-
toration of the county of Alexandria, Virginia,
to the District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. UPTON. I ask that the bill may be
printed.
There beins; no objection, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
PRINTING 01 DOCUMENTS.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolutions; which were read, and referred
to the°Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Oleik of the IIouso cause to lie bound
such of till' public documents fuiiu^ed currently to the
members of the House, as any member may hom time to
time direct; the expense of said binding to be paid out of
the contingent tund: Provided, however, That not less than
two hundiT'd pases shall be hound in any one volume.
Resolved, That ail bills and re^uhmonb ordered to be
minted bv either House shall heieafterbe punted m the
same Innri as the otlu'i public document*, and bound at the
end o! fiich se-sion m the *ame mannei, and di-mbuted a* is i
now oidered b> Uuv in the oa^e oi othci document* ; except ;
that tiiey &hall be printed upon the s-aiue kind ot papei aud
with lines uumbeied, and the same width apart as hereto-
fore.
AHMED INTERVENTION MEXICO.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate. if not incompatible with the public interest, copies of
any communication* addressed to the Executive ot the
United States, bv the Governments of England. Spain, and
France, in iegaid to the armed intervention proposed by
them into the affairs of Mexico ; and also any other informa-
tion concerning the same which he may have to commu-
nicate.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ALLEN asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the Calendar of the House, the adverse
report of the Court of Claims, No. 285, and to have
the same referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
THE REBELLION.
Mr. HUTCHINS introduced ajoint resolution,
of which previous notice had been given, concern-
ing the rebellion; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I ask that its consideration
may be postponed until Tuesday next, to be con-
sidered with the other resolutions upon the same
subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object. I move
that the resolution be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I desire to have all resolutions of
that nature referred to that committee, for I think
they should go there for consideration.
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 do not know why this
resolution should not be permitted to take the same
course that all other resolutions upon the same
subject have taken; that is, postponed until Tues-
day next, and be made the special order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will state that
I design to make the same motion in relation to all
propositions of that character that may be offered
hereafter, and also in relation to those which have
already been offered and postponed.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Let mine go with the
others, and then make a motion in reference to the
whole.
The question was first taken on the motion to
postpone; and it was agreed to.
SLAVES CONFINED IN JAIL.
Mr. HUTCHINS introduced the folio wing res-
olution, and moved the previous question upon
its adoption:
Whereas it is repotted that tlieie are confined within the
Government jail in the city of Washington fifty-five pcr-
s-oth who aie not charged with crime, but who aie sus-
pected of being slaves : Therefore,
Resolved, That the standing Committee for the District
of Columbia lie icquested to inquire into the truth of said
leport, and by what authority said peisons are held and
confined ; who aie the leputcd owneis of said persons; and
what legiflation, if any, is necessaiy to iclieve said pei&ons
from imprisonment, and to prevent otheis ftom being sim-
ilarlv imprisoned; and that said committee report to the
House by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
PAY OF SOLDIERS HELD AS PRISONERS.
Mr. PENDLETON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquue what change, if any, is necessary m the
law pioviding for the payment of soldieis who are held as
prisoners of war.
PROCESS IN FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. PENDLETON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiucted to inquire what change, if any, is nece«saiy in the
law leaulatmgthe taking oi depositions to be used in Fed-
eial comts, and the issuance ot piocess foi witnesses m
ciiminal cases.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. COX submitted the following preamble and
resolution:
Whereas exchange of prisoner in the present war foi the
Union has ahead} been pi act iced indirect!}, and a&such ex-
change would not only inciease enlistments, and the vigor
of our Armv.butsubseive the highest interests of humanity,
and as sueh'exchange does not involve recognition of the
rebel-? as a g<n eminent. Theieforo,
Resolved. That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inaugurate systematic measuies for the exchange
; ol pusoneis in ihe picsent wai.
| Mr. RICHARDSON. It seems to me that
; this is a question about which there ought to be
j some deliberation and some coopexation with other
l Departments of the Government.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman proposes
to discuss the resolution, it must go over.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am going to make a
motion in regard to it. I will move that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to its taking
that course,
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then make the motion
yourself.
Mr. COX. I will make the motion. It is a
matter of importance, and it ought to be consid-
ered.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following pream-
ble and resolution; and call the previous question
upon its adoption:
Whereas this House, on the 22d day of July last, by an
almost unanimous vote, adopted the following resolution
submitted to the House by {Ion. J. J. Crittenden, of Ken-
tucky :
" Resolved by the House of Representatives oj the Congress
of the United States, That the present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunionists of the
southern States now in levolt against the constitutional
Government and m arms around "the capital; that in this
national cmeigency Congress, banishing all feelings of meie
passion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole country; that this war is not waged upon our part
in any spirit of oppression nor for any puipose of conquest
or subjugation, nor for the purpose of overthrowing or in-
terfering with the rights or established institutions ot the
States, but to defend and maintain the supiemaey of the
Constitution and to preserve the Union with its dignities,
equality, and the lights of the several States unimpaired,
and that as soon as these objects are accomplished the war
ought to cease:"
And whereas since that time no event has occurred to
change the policy of the Government: Therefore,
Resolved, That the principles above expiessed are sol-
emnly reaffirmed by this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is not that question divis-
ible? I ask a division of the question.
The SPEAKER. TheChaircan consider the
question of division at any time before the vote is
taken.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that resolution ought
to be debated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
demands the previous question, so that it is not
debatable.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, X hope the previous
question will be voted down.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays G5; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fiaueis
P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bullinton, Burnfcam,
Chatnberlin,Clark,Collax, Fredenek A. Coukhng.Conway,
Davis, Delaplaine, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Idiot, Fen-
ton, Fe^senden, Fianchot, Gooc.li, Guiley, Hooper, Hutch-
ins, Julian, Kelley, Lansing. Loomis, Lovejoy, McPher^on,
Mooihead. Anson P. MoniH, Justin S. Moiull, 01m, Pat-
ton, T. G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Pottei, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargeant, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Train, Tumble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, Veiiee, Wall, Wallace, Charles
W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washburnc, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, and Worcester—7).
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Diddle,
Jacob J'. Blair, Calvcit, Campbell, Cobb, Coining, Co\s
Cravens, Ciisfield, Dawes, Delano, Diven, JJnnlop, Dunn,.
English, Fouke, Frank, Goodwin, Giarigcr, Grider, llan-
chett, Harding, Harrison, Holmau, Horton, William Kel-
logg, Law, Lazeai, Leaiy, Lehman. McKnight, Majnaid,
Monzies, Mitchell, Moms, Nivon, Noble, Noell, Norton,
Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Paiter, Richardson, Sheffield,
Shellahargei, Slue!, Smith, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stratum, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianeis Thomas,.
Upton, Van Valkenbnrsh, Wad>worth, Ward, Webster,
Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Woodiuff, andVVright—65.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
During the call,
Mr. WADS WORTH stated that Messrs. Crit-
tenden and Mallory were still absent fiom the
city, and that Mr. Jackson was detained from
the House by military duties.
The vote having been announced as above re-
corded,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid upon the table,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONIZATION OP FREE NEGROES.
Mr. DUNN. I offer the following resolution,
