16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5.
and move the previous question upon its adop-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foieign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into and report whether it is practicable
and expedient to obtain the rights and privileges of settle-
ment and of citizenship in any part of this continent, or in
the adjacent islands south of the United States, fur the
benefit of such free persons of African descent as may
choose to emigrate thereto from the United Stares, or where
such emigrants may form themselves into independent col-
onies under such protection as may secure them from for-
eign molestation.
Mr. COX. Do I understand that the resolu-
tion requires the Committee on Foreign Affairs
to report as to whether such a place can be pur-
chased, and the feasibility of removing the colored
people to such an island?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, as
the previous question is demanded.
Mr. COX. I would like to have the resolution
again read. It seems to require a pretty large
inquiry.
The resolution was again read.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered, and being put, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
RETURN OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to introduce a bill,
of which I have given previous notice, making it
a penal offense for any officer or private of the
Army or Navy to capture or return, or aid in the
capture or return, of fugitive slaves. It is on the
same general subject as the bills and resolutions
which have been postponed until Tuesday next,
and I ask that it may take the same course.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
its further consideration was postponed until
Tuesday next.
REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
^ Mr. SHIEL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of Oregon, and the petition of Daniel Harvey and others,
and all papers relating to tiie Oregon City claim, in the ,
State of Oregon, now on file in the oiliee of the Clerk of 1
this House, be referred to the standing Committee on I'ri-
vate Land Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
under the rules of the House, papers can be with-
drawn from the files for the purpose of reference
at the Clerk's desk at any time.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. ALDRICH, it was
Orderedt That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the affidavit and appraisal ot Basil
Moieiand, m the Winnebago claim, and that the same be
returned to said Moreland.
SLAVES IN SECEDED STATES.
Mr. CONWAY introduced a joint resolution
touching the subject of the treatment of slaves in
seceded States, which was read a first and second
time, and its further consideration postponed until
Tuesday next.
SURRENDER OF FORT FILLMORE.
Mr. WATTS submitted the followingpreamble
and resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Whereas, in July, 1861, when in command of Foil Fill-
more, in New Mexico, Major Isaac Lynde, of the United
States Army, abandoned said fort, and shortly after the
abandonment, surrendct ed a largely &uperior force of United
States troops under his command to an inferior force of
Texas troops, without fuingagun or making any lesibtancu
whatever ; and whereas it N charged and believed that such
surrender was the result of treason or cowardice, or both,
in winch surrender other officers under him were also con-
cerned: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to lepoit to this .
House what measures have been, or ought to be, taken to
expose or putn^h such officers, now on parole, a-; wore Jj
guilty of treason or cowardice in such surrender, and to :!
relieve irom suspicion such as were lrce from blame. j
UTAXI CAPITOL. I
Mr. BERNHISEL submitted the following :
resolution; which was read, considered, and j.
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Teriitones be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of piovidin? for the
completion of the temtoiml tapitol of Utah,and that said
committee report by hill orotheiwifee.
COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT, in pursuance of previous notice, ,
introduced a bill to prohibit the Coolie trade by ,\
American citizens in American vessels; which was ; 1
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
THE WAR.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Legislature
of New Hampshire; which were read, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of Neiv Hampshire in General Court convened:
That the contest now existing between the Government and
the disloyal poople that have commenced an unjustifiable
and treasonable war upon its constitutional authority,
should be legarded by all loyal men not as a sectional war,
not an anti-slavery war, nor a war of conquest and subju
gation, but simply and solely a war for the maintenance of
the Government, the suppression of rebellion, and the pres
ervation of the magna charta of our liberty and national
unity.
Resolved, That the State of New Hampshire pledges her
resources for the integrity of the Union, lor the support of
the Constitution, and for the enforcement of the laws of the
General Government.
Resolved, That the Constitution is the supreme law of
the land,and thatno State has the right to secede therefrom
and dissolve the Union which that Constitution was made
to secure.
Resolved, That the duty of the General Government to
suppress all attempts to dissolve the Union is imperative,
and cannot be evaded.
Resolved, That neither the President nor Congress can
constitutionally entertain any proposition which has for its
object the dismemberment of the Government or the disso-
lution of the Union.
Resolved, That in the language of Andrew Jackson, "The
Federal Union must be preserved."
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the State be directed to
send copies of these resolutions to the President of the
United States, the Presiding Officer of each House of Con-
gicss, the Governors of the several States, and each Sen-
ator and Representative of this State in Congress.
Mr. COLPAX. Would it be in order to add
also the language of Genera] Jackson: " By the
Eternal the Union shall be preserved?" [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly supposes
it would be in order to amend the resolutions of
the Legislature of New Hampshire.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN TIIE DISTRICT. /
Mr. HUTCHINS, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to abolish slavery iti the
District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It declares that slavery
within the District of Columbia be, and the same
ishereby,abolished; and that hereafter there shall
be neitherslavery nor involuntary servitude in said
District, otherwise than in punishment of crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
And then, on motion of Mr. OLIN, (ata quarter
before two o'clock, p. m.,) the Houseadjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 5, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Mason Noble.
Hon. Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXPULSION OF MR. BRECKINRIDGE.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I was unavoidably
detained from the Senate yesterday, and I now
ask unanimous consent to record my vote on the
motion which was then made for the expulsion of
Mr. Breckinridge.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to record his vote upon the resolution ex-
pelling John C. Breckinridge from this body. The
Chair hears no objection. The vote will be
recorded.
Mr. RICE. I vote in the affirmative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's vote
will be so recorded.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. SUMNER. There has been no order made
for the publication of extra numbers of the Pres- lj
ident s message and accompanying documents
Those documents will be of general interest; and
it is certainly important that there should bo a
considerable edition published. 1 accordine-Iv
send a resolution to the Chair on that subject
which will naturally go to the Committee on :
Printing, ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will ;
allow the Chair to suggest that there are no doc- ;
uments accompanying the message as yet pre-
sented to the Senate; there are none in the posses-
sion of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. But the message itself refers
to certain documents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's res-
olution will be read.
The resolution was read, and referred to the
Committee on Printing. It is as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents, be published
for the use ot the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of L.
W. Cole, of Oregon, praying for the right of way
over certain public lanti in Oregon, for the pur-
pose of constructing a railway from the Dalles, in
Oregon, to the mouth of the Des-Chutes; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
George W. Benson and others, of Kansas, for
removing the cause of the present rebellion; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER presented the memorial of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsylvania, widow of
the late Captain Henry Henry, of the United
States Navy, praying Congress to pass an act
allowing her a pension at the rate of fifty dollars
per month from the death of her husband, on the
26th day of July, 1858; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LATHAM presented the memorial of
Francis Huttmann, praying remuneration for
losses sustained in consequence of the illegal pro-
ceedings of the collector of customs at San Fran-
cisco; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a petition of citizens
of Haverhill, Massachusetts, in which they set
forth that the present formidable rebellion against
the General Government manifestly finds its root
and nourishment in the system of chattel slavery
at the South; that the leading conspirators are
slaveholders, constituting an oligarchy avowedly
hostile to all free institutions; and that, in the
nature of things, no solid peace can be maintained
while the cause of this treasonable revolt is per-
mitted to exist. On this account, these petition-
ers urgently implore Congress to lose no time in
enacting, under the war power, that the slaves of
rebels shall be liberated unconditionally, while
the slaves of loyal persons shall be liberated with
a fair pecuniary award allowed to their owners,
in order to facilitate an amicable adjustment of
difficulties. I ask the reference of this memorial
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
MILITARY DISASTERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to in-
quire into the disastrj-s of Bull ltun and Edwards's Ferry,
with power to send for persons and papers.
- VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks for the consideration of the resolu-
tion at the present time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not know that
this is the proper time, but I desire to move an
amendment to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it lie over; and then
the Senator from Kansas can prepare his amend-
ment, unless he is ready with it now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am ready.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to its
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; and the resolution is before the
Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to insert Wil-
son Creek and Lexington,after Edwards's Ferry.
Mr. GRIMES, i move to include Belmont and
Big Bethel.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "Will the Senator
from Iowa again state his amendment to the amend-
ment?
Mr. GRIMES. If I had time I would propose
a substitute for the entire resolution authorizing
the committee to inquire into the causes of the
disasters that have attended the public arms every-
where, including the power to send for persons
and papers. I shall propose that as a substitute.
