2958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
directly or indirectly* by himself or by any other
person or persons whatsoever, take, receive, or
agree to receive, any money, property, or any
consideration whatsoever from any person or per-
sons, to procure any contract from the Govern-
ment of the United States, or any Department
thereof, or from any officer of the United States,
for any person or persons whatsoever, should
for every such offense, upon conviction before
any court of the United States, or of the Terri-
tories, having cognizance of such offenses, be ad-
judged guilty of a high misdemeanor, and be fined
• m a sum double the amount received or agreed to
be received, for procuring the contract; and that
every such contract or agreement should moreover
be absolutely void and of no effect; and that the
member or officer, upon conviction of the misde-
meanor, should be disqualified from holding any
office of honor, profit, or trust, under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The bill was reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, with an amendment, striking out ail
after the enacting clause, and inserting:
That any member of Congress, or any officer of the Gov-
ernment of ilie United States who shall, directly or indi-
rectly, take, teceive, or ngiee to receive, any money, prop-
yl ty, or other valuable coiiKulcratiou whatsoever, from any
pen-on or |hm*ou«, tbi procuung, or aiding to procure, any
contract, office, or place, irom tin: Government of the Uni-
ted States or any Department theicof, oi fiom any olficcr of
the United Stales, lor any person or persons whatsoever,
shall, for every Mich offense, he liable to indictment as for
a misdemeanor in anyeouitof the United Stateshavlugju-
jisdieilon theieof, and on conviction thereof «diall pay a fine
of not exceeding $10,000, and suffer nnprhontiient'in the
penitentiary not eveeedmj«: two ye,us. at the discretion of
tin-1 outt trying the r^anx-; mid cveiy Mich c;oniiact ora«ice-
ment, alorc-said, shall iiioreovei he absolutely null and
void; and «'tn.\ memhci of Cou^ie^ or odieet of the United
States convicted, as aioiesaid, shall, moieovei, be (Iwju.ih-
fied fiom holding any office oi honoi. profit, oi trust, muiei
the Government of the United Stale*.
The PR ESI DKNT pro tempore. Tiie question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary,
Mr. POWKLL. The Committee on the Judi-
cnuy,on examination of the bill, made sundry
veibal amendments, and then they enlarged it so
as to embrace those who took pay for the purpose
of procuring offices undei the Government; and to
incorporate those amendments, they thought it
best to redraw the bill and put it .ill in one section.
1 hope the amendment will prevail. It is hotter
than the original bill.
Mr. KESSKN DtCN. 1 would suggestan amend-
ment that I think would be advisable. It maybe
that a contractor agreement procured in tins way
may be a very valuable contract for the Govern-
ment, and 1 would theiefore suggest an amend-
ment in the sixteenth and seventeenth lines,.so as
to make it read, " and the President i« hereby au-
thorized to declare such contract or agreement to
be absolutely null and void." Let the Govern-
ment avail iiselfof it if it so pleases, I suggest
to the Senator from Kentucky whether it would
not be advisable to leave it at the option of the
Government.
Mr. POWKLL. I appreciate the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine. In ordinary 'transac-
tions, { think it would be better for the Govern-
ment to avail itself of any benefit or good that
might grow out of a contract thus procured; but
the object, and tenor of the bill is to brand such
contracts wjth infamy, and I think it would be
belter to let the bill stand as it i.s, and let that
mmai taint he about them, and the contract be ut-
terly void. TIhmo is, however, some force in the
au^esiion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. PKSSLNDEN. I suggestthat itis merely
carrying out a common principle. The piinciple
upon which it is rendt red null and void >s simply
that the using of this kind of influence is really
an imposition upon the Government, and the com-
mon principle is that the party who is imposed
upon may consider the contract void if he pleases.
I think that would he a wise provision here.
Mr. POWELL. 1 see the force of it, and would
feel inclined to accept it but that m drafting the
bill the committee went upon the principle of
stamping aueh contracts with infamy. I confess
the committee have improved the bill.
Ihe PItkSlDEN V pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Alamo move an amendment to the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary?
Mr. FESSEiYDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest to the I
Senator from Maine whether his object will not
be accomplished by making the clause read, " and
every such contract or agreement shall, at the
option of the authority of the United States mak-
ing the same, be absolutely null and void."
Mr. FESSENDEN. " Option of the President
of the United States" would be better; otherwise
it might be construed to require an act of Con-
gress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine moves the following amendment to
the amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary: in lineseventeen, strike out the words
"shall moreover be," and insert " may at the
option of the President of the United States be
declared;" so as to read, 44 every such contract,
or agreement as aforesaid, may, at the option of
the President of the United States, be declared
absolutely null and void."
Mr. FESSENDEN. And strike out" every,"
and say " any."
The amend merit to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary, as amended.
Mr. TRluVIHULL. It will be seen that this
amendment, which has been leported from the
committee, goes a much greater length than the
original bill. I have heard, although 1 cannot say
that I have personally known of such cases as I
shall allude to, but I have no doubt of the truth
of the reports which I have heard, that there have
been instances where postmasters have given up
their offices and have agreed to recommend certain
persons as their successors, on condition that they
were to receive a part of the emoluments. It has
been reported, also—I trust these are but reports,
and that there is no truth in them—that persons
connected with the Government here, and high in
authority, have received rewards for obtaining
offices for men in the service of the Government.
I am not aware, and have not heard that in a way
that would justify my averiing it to be true, that
there are such cases; but if there arc, the guilty
parties certainly deserve to be punished. No man
should use his official position for the purpose of
recommending another to office when he himself
is to be pecuniarily benefited by it. The com-
mittee thought proper to ingraft that provision
upon the bill as it was originally introduced; and
of the propriety of the passage of such a bill as
this, to prevent the temptation to which men would
be exposed, where pecuniary rewards are to fol-
low their exertions in procuring contracts and
places from the Government, I trust there is no
sort of question in the Senate. It needs no dis-
cussion; and if the bill is so worded as to cairy
out the objcct in view, 1 imagine it will receive
the unanimous assent of the Senate.
Mr. IIALE. I am willing to pass the bill, and
am glad that it is introduced; but I think Congress
will not have discharged its whole duty when it
has provided penalties against improper practices
on the part of its own members. I have heard of
improper practices, but as the Senator from Illi-
nois has said, I am not well enough advised of
their truth or falsehood to aver before the Senate
that they arc true or false, hut I have no doubt
of them myself, not the slightest doubt on earth,
that gentlemen who are commonly considered as
occupying higherpositions than members of Con-
gress—I mean members of the Cabinet, to be
plain, because I find that if you mean to be un-
derstood yon must use plain language—members
of the Cabinet have prostituted their places to the
grossest favoritism for the purpose of benefiting
their fi lends, in the bestowal of contracts. I have
heard, I believe, there have been cases where the
head of a Department under this, the purest Ad-
ministration that has existed since the days of
Washington, has ordered contracts to begiven to
his own particular friends.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday's legislative session
was the hill for the admission ot West Virginia
into the Union. The morning hour having ex-
pired, that bill comcs upas the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr, HALE. I believe I was broken off in the
middle of a speech on that subject yesterday, and
if the Senate prefer they can take that up, and I
can go on with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
consideration of all other questions until we finish
this bill, on the assumption, however, that it will
lead to no protracted discussion. I imagine we
can pass it in a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, the special order will be suffered to lieover
until the conclusion of the bill now under consid-
eration. The Chair hears no objection. TheSen-
ator from New Hampshire will proceed.
Mr. HALE. I was going on to say that that
is not the only abuse I have heard of being prac-
ticed by heads of Departments, and 1 am indis-
posed to let Coijgress be made the scape-goat to
carry off all the sins of this Administration or any-
other. I have heard that there have been cases
where written contracts have been made, taken,
executed according to the writing, and after it was
thus done, an arbitrary increase in the amount to
be paid was ordered by the officer at the head of
the Department.
Now, sir, what I should like, and 1 hope the
Judiciary Committee, who have this subject be-
fore them, will turn their attention to it, is to
make it a highly penal offense for any head of a
Department to interfere with his subordinates and
order them to make g contract. I believe that
that is a matter of no uncommon occurrence. I
do not believe that the Cabinet is more pure than
the rest of mankind; and if it is necessary to for-
tify our own virtue by the pains and penalties of
these penal statutes, and by the terror of impris-
onment, I think the same penalties should be held
up as a terror to others besides members of Con-
gress; and I do hope and pray that these very
abuses of" which lam speaking,and which are,as
I believe practiced infinitely more than the one
your bill is aimed at, will receive the attention of
the committee, and that we shall have a penal
statute guarding and protecting the public Treas-
ury and the public interests and public services
in that behalf. Rut, sir, I will not detain the
Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I am in
favor of the passage of this bill, and I am not will-
ing to say anything for or against the measure so
as to delay its passage; but I wish simply to al-
lude to a single remark that dropped from the
Senator from New Hampshire, and that was that
the heads of Departments have been guilty of the
grossestfavoritism in giving places to their friends.
Mr. HALE. Contracts.
Mr. WILKINSON. Contracts and places.
Now, sir, I do not think this Administration can
be accused of favoring its friends very much. I
do not think that any legitimate charge can be
made by the Senator from New Hampshire
against this Republican Administration that it has
been favoring good stiaight-out Republicans to
any such extent as would require a criminal code
to punish it for it, and I doubt very much whether
any single head of a Department, if it was a sub-
ject of indictment or presentment by a grand jury
and of conviction by a traverse jury, coulu he
convicted ofhavingfavored any Republicans any-
where in the United States. I wish they were
guilty of a little more such malfeasance in office,
if it is to be so considered by the Senator from
New Hampshire. I think that this warwouldgo
on a little better than it is going on now, and I
think that in that case we should have a set of
men at the head of the war who believed m it,
and that we should have contractors who were
anxious to^ furnish the Army in the field to the
end that this rebellion should be put down. That
is all I have to say. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr.HALE. Let me correctthe Senator. I did
not say a word about places. It is a good speech
that the Senator has made, very good, but it does
not apply to any proposition I stated. I spoke of
contracts entirely.
Mr. POWELL. I am very much gratified to
find that there is no objection to the passage of
this bill. As I originally drafted the bill, it was
only intended to embrace such persons as received
consideration for obtaining contracts. Upon re-
flection, after it was referred to the committee, I
drew up as an amendment a distinct section to
apply to those who received money for procuring
offices for others. The Committee on the Judiciary,
1 think, improved the bill very much by putting
it all in one short section, making it, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois has well said, much more com-
prehensive. I had heard of various practices of
this kind in procuring contracts. I had no per.
sonal knowledge that any contract had ever been
