wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
issued on the 29th day of April, three months after
the sworn statement made by the Governor that
he had no authority to go behind the returns of
the clerk, six months after the original certificate
was issued upon which the contestant came here
claiming the seat, and four months after the test-
imony was taken upon which the sitting member
claims that there was fraud in L'eau-qui-court
county.
1 will not inquire into the persuasive arguments
that were used to induce the Governor of that Ter-
ritory to change an opinion on a vital point of the
law—an opinion formed in 1857, reconsidered in
1859, acted upon in 1860, maturely formed, well
considered, constantly acted upon, and defended
in his sworn testimony in 18G1. I will not inquire
into the motives which induced a Governor, hav-
ing come to the conclusion that he had already
mistaken the law, to undertake to recall an act
already committed, to revoke a commission al-
ready issued, to declare vacant an office already
filled, and to give another commission to another
officer, which lawyers will say he had no author-
ity to give.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to propound an interrogatory to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not hear or under-
stand some remarks made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mooriiead,] but others un-
derstood them as a leflection on me. I ask the
gentleman whether, in the remarks which he made,
he meant to menace me'?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Certainly not. I had no
occasion to do that. I feel myself always ready
and willing for the occasion when it arises. But
there was no occasion here for menace. There was
none made, and none intended—not the slightest,
sir—nothing indicating anything ot the kind.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 always forbear giving
offense—
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I will say to my friend
that what 1 did say was—speaking of Colonel,
late Governor, Black—that I believed him to bo
as good a Democrat as my friend from Illinois.
MESSAGE I'UOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles, the
two first without and the latter with amendments;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
An act (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirving;
An act (H. R. No. 444) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved August 5,1861; and
An act(H. R. No. 388) making appropriations
to reimburse the contingent fund of the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, including com-
pensation for additional clerks who may be em-
ployed according to the exigencies of the public
service, and for temporary clerks, for the current
fiscal year and for the year ending June 30, 1863.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate that he had approved and
signed an act (S. No. 124) in relation to highways
in the county of Washington and the District of
Columbia.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I was say-
ing that 1 will not inquire into the arguments which
changed the opinion of the Governor, nor into the
motives of the change. But having seen what was
done, I was not surprised to find the sworn testi-
mony of a witness brought before the committee
for cross-examination, showing that this second
certificate was issued after the man had ceased to
be Governor of Nebraska; that it was issued from
Ins private residence, although dated at the exec-
utive chamber; that it was issued from Nebraska
City, although dated at Omaha; that it was von lied
by an impiessiun of the seal of the Territory,
which had been fraudulently taken from ei [taper
on which it had originally been rightly put, in
order that it might bo more fraudulently put on
this false and spurious eertihcate. 1 will not stop
to argue the prima facie case between these gentle-
men. -1 will not stop to convince this House, if
necessary, that this board of canvassers was either
a ministerial agent appointed to do a certain duty.
and having performed the act, it became functus
officii, or that it was a judicial tribunal, and that
having decided a case the subject-matter became
res adjudicata, and must be either acquiesced in or
reversed by a higher and different tribunal.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. You may reargue a
case before the same court.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman from
New York says that you may reargue the case
before the same tribunal. So you may. But this
case was never reargued before the same tribunal.
The board of canvassers never reassembled. There
was no reargument; no recount; no reexamina-
tion of the votes. The second certificate was is-
sued in face of the only legal count had. I sub-
mit to gentlemen whether they ever heard that
one member of a court consisting of three could,
at his own residence, in his own chamber, of his.
own motion, review and reverse the decision that
had been made by the whole court? And yet
that is what the Governor of Nebraska attempted
to do in this case—no, not the Governor, he had
ceased to be Governor then—but the gentleman
wlicf had been Governor. On the second day of
the last session of this Congress, in the hurry of
the moment, these certificates were submitted to
the House, and the sitting member was admitted.
Since then he has been enjoying all the honors
and emoluments belonging to a member of this
House. And yet the fact that he does occupy
that position does not in the least degree change the
issue in tins case or shift the burden of proof from
one side to the other, if the Committee of Elec-
tions, with that, fairness which has characterized
all its adjudications since I have been a member of
this House, acknowledges the fact, and acknowl-
edges that Mr. Morton is entitled to be admitted
to his scat in this House unless the allegations
made in the notice of contest by the sitting mem-
ber should be sustained. I start out with that
proposition; that the record of the court, the offi-
cial statement, which is prima facie true, shows
Mr. Morton to be entitled to his seat, unless it be
overthrown by proof of the statement made by
the sitting member. I shall, in my argument,
follow the report of the committee.
Now, the first point made by the Committee of
Elections is as to the northern precinct ofL'eau-
qui-court county, which returned a majority of
122 for Mr. Morton. The allegations made by
the sitting member in regard to this precinct are
four. They are recited in the report of the com-
mittee. They are these: first, that no election
was held in the precinct at all; second, that the
votes were cast by non-residents; thiid, that the
place of c,\ uing the votes was outside of the pre-
cinct; and lastly, that the Indian title to a great
portion of the land in that precinct had not been
extinguished. The Committee of Elections threw
out the whole vote.
Now, I desire to call their attention to a rule of
law which applies as well to cases of election un-
der the law of 1851, as under the general law on
that subject. It is that the allegata and the probata
must correspond. There is not a scintilla of evi-
dence that any of these allegations were true, ex-
cept that some of the votes were cast by non-res-
idents. That, is all that is pretended or claimed
by nnybody, and I desire tosayto the committee
that the proof of non-residence of some voters at
a particular precinct would, upon no principle,
justify the committee or the House in throwing
out the whole vote.
But, sir, 1 will not stop on a technical point.
On what testimony does the committee come to
this conclusion > The gentleman from Massachu-
setts told us yesterday that theie were four wit-
nesses as to this pieeinct—Hermann Westerman,
Jacob Heck, W. W. Waford, and Joseph Cox.
Westermnn has recently come from adistantTer-
ritory. lie had been in this neighhorhoodtwiee.
He had gone up once to see how many votes
could be polled there, and afterwards to see where
all the voters had come from. He went up the
second time on his own account, generally as a
fur-trader and particularly to look after the votes
| in that precinct. He says that he hunted over all
; that neighborhood for these witnesses (Heck and
J Waford;) that he agreed togivethem$350 for com-
ing down and giving their testimony; and that he
actually did give one of the witnesses fifty dollars
out of his own pocket. And yet he tells us that
he had no arrangement with the sitting member,
did not know how he, was to be reimbursed; in
short, that his expedition was merely to sustain
the purity of elections, and to speculate in furs.
Now I was not surprised, having found that he
made such a statement as that in December, which
is on its face a fraud and a falsehood, to find that,
six months afterwards, when his relations to the
parties were somewhat changed, he tells us he
went up there-for the purpose of hiring the wit-
nesses to give particular testimony in a particu-
lar" way in this case.
Mr. WORCESTER. I desire, with the con-
sent of the gentleman, to ask him one question.
I ask him by whom that fact is proven ?
Mr. PENDLETON. By his own affidavit,
which I find embodied in the report of the minor-
ity, on the 2d page, in which he states:
"That in the month of November, I860,1 employed W.
W.Waford, of Bonhomme, Dakota Territory, and Jacob
Heck, of the Yancton le&erve, as witnesses in the matter
of the contested election of J Sterling Morton as Delegate
to the Thirty-Seventh Congress ftom tlte Territory of Ne-
braska, Samuel G. Daily contestant. That, in considera-
tion for the testimony which they were to give in behalfof
said Samuel G. Daily, contestant, I agreed to pay the said
Waford $100, and the said Heck fifty dollars. And I fur-
ther declare and say tliat I did pay the said Wafoid $100,
and the said Ileck fifty dollars for said service rendeied as
witnesses, and in full compliance with the bargain made by
me with them."
Mr. WORCESTER. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman if he knows when that affidavit was taken,
and by whom ?
Mr. PENDLETON. Yes, sir; it was taken
on the 29th day of July, 1861, before K. W. Fra-
zicr, justice of the peace for the county of L'eau-
qui-court and Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. WORCESTER. By whom and for what
purpose ?
Mr. PENDLETON. It was sworn to by Her-
mann Westerman.
Mr. WORCESTER. For what purpose ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not know for what
purpose. If my colleague states that no such
affidavit has been taken, that is another matter.
Mr. WORCESTER. I will state that my col-
league is mistaken in regard to that affidavit ever
being before the Committee of Elections. As a
member of that committee, I will say that I never
saw the original, nor did 1 know of it at all until
T saw it in the report of the minority.
Mr. PENDLETON. I can only say that it
appears in the report of the minority of the com-
mittee. I know nothing about the purpose. I
never saw the original. If these gentlemen of
the minority of the committee have reported a
fact which docs not appear upon the record, that
is a matter for them to answer for. I refer it to
them.
Mr. WORCESTER. I can only repeat, as a
member of the committee, that I never saw the
affidavit until I read it in the minority report.
Mr. MORTON. I can only say in regard to
the affidavit of Hermann Westerman, that I hold
the original in my hand; that it was taken for me
through General Todd, of Dakota, by some friend
of his. The purpose for which it was taken was
to show that these witnesses were hired and paid
as witnesses, and I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections will recognize that it was in
his possession, if he will examine the paper.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the House that
at the close of the hearing, or near the close of
the hearing, the contestant produced these affida-
vits, which he said Colonel Tocy had been kind
enough to lend to him, as he was about to go to
the Army—some affidavits which Colonel Todd
had had occasion to use in a legal proceeding up
in Dakota, where one of these parties was a wit-
ness, and he undertook to contradict him by this
process.
Mr. MORTON. I think the chairman of the
Committee of Elections will bear me out when I
call to his mind the fact that the affidavit which
I borrowed from General Todd, which had been
used in some case, was in print, not in writing,
which I said General Todd had given to me be-
fore he left for the Army, and only after it was
ascertained that he would not be permitted to come
before the committee and give testimony in per-
son. As the best thing he could do, he left me
these papers.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I wish to ask
the contestant whether this affidavit was taken on
notice to the sitting Delegate, or whether it was
entirely ex parte ?
Mr. MORTON. It was entirely ex parte, the
