18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
temperance. They require the entire consecra-
tion of the best energies of their servants, mental
and physical, to their cause; and they will not
send out their sons to battle under the leadership
of officers whose faculties are benumbed by ex-
cessive indulgence. It is idle to suppose that
an army commanded by officers who indulge in
or wink at such habits, can command the confi-
dence and respect of the country, or that, under
their guidance, this great struggle can be brought
to a successful issue.
For myself, I here declare that, in my feeble
way, I will endeavor to hold up to the reprehen-
sion of a just public sentiment any man, be he high
or low, the head of a bureau, of a Department,
a commander in the Army, or the President him-
self, who shall appoint or retain, or seek or con-
nive at the appointment or retention of any man
in office who is of intemperate habits. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COLLAMER. From the recent manifest-
ation made in the galleries, it is quite obvious that
there are people attending as spectators of our
proceedings who are not acquainted with our rules.
They are not aware, perhaps, that whether sen-
timents uttered here are agreeable or disagreeable
to them, it is entirely improper for them to man-
ifest their feeling. 1 desire that now, once for all,
the Chair will take occasion to remark that no
manifestation of feeling in the galleries can be in-
dulged by this body, and that they will be cleared
if it is repeated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is made one of
the duties of the Chair by the rules of the Senate
to preserve order, and the Chair will on all occa-
sions endeavor to do that duty. Certainly there
is no branch of this duty more marked than that
of suppressing all applause oral! emotions which
may emanate from persons in the galleries or from
others; and the Chair takes this occasion to state
distinctly, in order that it may be understood by
all, that hereafter no manifestation of approval or
disapproval will be tolerated on any occasion, and
if such an occunence .shall take place the galleries
will be promptly cleared.
CONFISCATION 01? REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S.No. 78) for the confiscation of the property
of rebels, and giving freedom to the persons they
hold in slavery; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,in present-
ing this bill to the consideration of the Senate, I
desire to accompany if with some remarks ex-
planatory of its character and the principles on
which it is based.
As its title imports, it is a bill for confiscating
the property, and giving freedom to the slaves, of
rebels. J t provides for the absolute and complete
forfeiture forever to the United States of every
spcciesof property, real and personal, and where-
soever situated within theUnited States, belonging
to persons beyond the jurisdiction of the United
Stales, or beyond the reach of civil process in the
ordinary mode of judicial proceeding in conse-
qucnce of the present rebellion, who, during its
existence, shall take up arms against the United
States, or in anywise aid or abet the rebellion; this
forfeiture to be enforced against property in the
rebellious distucts through the military power,
and against property in the other portions of the
United States in which the judicial power is not
obstructed by the rebellion, through the courts; and
the proceeds of the property of each individual
seized and forfeited, subject, to the just claims of
Ins Joyal creditors, to be held for the benefit of
loyal citizens despoiled of their property by the
rebellion, and to defray the expenses incurred in
its suppression. The bill also forfeits the claims
of all icbels, and those who give them aid and
comfort, to the persons they hold in slavery, de-
clares the slaves thus forfeited free, and makes it
the duty of the President to provide for the colo-
mzation of such of them as may be willing to go,
in some tropical country, where they may have the
protection of the Government, and be secured in
all the rights and privileges of freemen. The
property belonging to traitors, or those giving
them comfort, who may be convicted by the ju-
dicial tribunals, is to be forfeited on their convic-
tion: the realty for life, and the personal property
forever. These are the main features of the bill
I have introduced, accompanied with the details
nceessary to accomplish the objects indicated.
It will be observed that a distinction is made in
the mode of forfeiture ot* rebel property in dis-
tricts under insurrectionary control, and that
which may be found in districts within the reach
of the process of law in its ordinary forms; the
forfeiture in the one case to be enforced through
the military, and in the other through the judicial
power. This is a matter of necessity, for it would
be impossible to enforce the forfeiture through the
courts in districts where the judicial power was
overborne by the rebellion; and if not impossible,
it would, in my judgment, be clearly unconsti-
tutional to enforce it in any other way in districts
where the property seized was within the reach
of legal process. So also in the case of a convic-
tion for treason, the property of the traitor within
reach of the court can only be forfeited by the
court, the personalty forever, and the real estate,
under the Constitution, for life only.
The power of Congress to pass a bill of this
character is, to my mind, unquestionable; but I
do not place it on the ground which has been ad-
vanced in some quarters, that in times of war or
rebellion the military is superior to the civil power;
or that in such times what persons may choose to
call necessity is higher and above the Constitu-
tion. Necessity is the plea of tyiants, and if our
Constitution ceases to operate the moment a per-
son charged with its observance thinks there is a
necessity to violate it, it is of little value. So far
from admitting the superiority of the military over
the civil power in time of war, or that there is any
necessity that it should be so, I hold that under
our Constitution the military is as much subject
to the control of the civil power in war as in peace.
The powers of government under our system are
three, of which the military is not one. It is
merely incident to the others, and subject to one
of these, the legislative, without whose permis-
sion it can have no existence; and when called into
being by the action of Congress, it is by the Con-
stitution expressly made subject to such rules as
Congress shall prescribe for its government.
When, therefore, our armies, to raise and sup-
port which Congress has express authority under
the Constitution, go forth to suppress insurrec-
tion, and in doing so shoot down rebels and des-
olate their abodes, as they constitutionally may,
they arc as much subordinate to the civil power
as when engaged in a holiday parade in time of
peace; and contraband property seized and ap-
propriated by the military in insurrectionary
districts in suppression of the rebellion, is as
legitimately taken as if condemned to forfeiture
by the judicial authorities in districts in which
judicial process was not obstructed. I want no
other authority for putting down even this gigantic
rebellion than such as may be derived from the
Constitution properly interpreted. It is equal
even to this great emergency; and the more we
study its provisions, the more it is tried in tioub-
lous times, the greater will be our admiration of
the instrument and our veneration for the wisdom
of its authors.
As unpopular as the avowal may for the mo-
ment be among the thoughtless, I here declare
that I am for suppressing this monstrous rebel-
lion according to law, and in no other way; and
I believe that Congress has only to discharge its
duty, and the Army perform its, with energy
and activity, to bring the war to a speedy and
successful issue. We are fighting to maintain the
Constitution, and it especially becomes us—in
appealing to the people to come to its rescue—not
to violate it ourselves. How are we better than
the rebels, if both alike set at naught the Consti-
tution? I warn my countrymen, who stand ready
to tolerate almost any act done in good faith for
the suppression of the rebellion, not to sanction
usurpations of power which may hereafter be-
come precedents for the destruction of constitu-
tional liberty.
The Constitution declares that Congress shall
have power " to declare war," and " make rules
concerning captures on land and water," "to raise
and support armies;" " to provide and maintain a
navy; to make rules for the government and regu-
lation nf the land and naval forces; to provide for
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions, "and "to make all laws which shall be neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution the
foregoing powers.'' Acting under these grants of
power, Congress has provided for bringing into ser-
vice more than half a million of men who are now
engaged in suppressing the insurrection; and has
to some extent made rules for the government of
these forces, which, as far as they go, are obliga-
tory on them; but in the absence ofany jjpgulation
as to how the Army is to be used in suppressing;
the insurrection, its commander would be^ at lib-
erty to make such use of it, consistent with the
rules of civilized warfare, as he believed most
conducive to the service of the State, and best cal-
culated to secure the end for which it was called
info being; upon the principle that every man
intrusted with an employment, or duty, is pre-
sumed to be invested with all the power nccessary
to enable him to perform the scrvice. Hence the
authority of the Army in the suppression of an
insurrection to seize, imprison, or shoot the in-
surgents, to desolate the country they occupy,to
seize and appropriate for the time being their prop-
erty and free the persons they hold in bondage,
is as ample and complete under the Constitution
as that of a court in peaceful times to arrest, im-
prison, try, and execute a murderer.
That the judicial tribunals have no right or
power to interfere with the Army in the exercise
of its powers m suppressing an insurrection,
either by issuing writs of habeas corpus or other-
wise, is apparent, from the fact that the only
ground on which the military authority can bo
invoked at all, is, that the judicial tribunals being
overborne, are incompetent to the task. The judi-
cial authority ceases at the very point where the
military begins. It may be, and often is, a deli-
cate question to determine this particular point,
and decide in what localities the military, and in
what judicial authority should have sway. This
the Constitution has left to be provided for by
Congress, by declaring that it shall have author-
ity to call forth the militia to suppress insurrec-
tion; and Congress, soon after the adoption of tho
Constitution, passed an act authorizing the Pres-
ident to call forth the militia for that purpose,
whenever the laws of the United States were ob-
structed by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings; and by an act passed at the first session of
the present Congress, the President is authorized
in certain cases to declare the inhabitants of a
State, or part thereof, in a state of insurrection,
and make use of the Army to suppress it. The
responsibility, therefore, of determining when and
in what districts of the United States the military
power may be used to suppress a rebellion is de-
volved by Congress on the Executive, and when
the military power is called into requisition, the
judicial authority can no more interfere with its
action, than can the military with the judicial tri-
bunals in time of peace. Under certain circum-
stances either maybe called to the aid of the other.
The courts sometimes make use of the military in
aid of the execution of their powers, and the mili-
tary would doubtless have like authouty to make
use of the aid of the judicial tribunals in districts
under insurrectionary control, should they be
deemed a proper means by the military power to
aid in suppressing the rebellion. In each case the
power called to the aid of the other, whether it
be the military in time of peace to the assistance
of the judicial, or the judicial in times of rebellion
to the assistance of the military, would be sub-
ordinate to the power making the call.
In accordance with these principles it has been
my object,in framing the bill under consideration,
to distinguish between the property on which the
military may operate and that subject to judicial
control, and clearly to define the jurisdiction of
i each, confining the seizure and forfeitureofprop-
i erty situated m districts of the United States un-
| der insurrectionary control to the military power,
| and its condemnation and forfeiture m other p r-
! tions of the United States to the judicial power,
i Whichever power first takes hold of the property^
I within its jurisdiction would, upon ptinciples of
, comity, retain possession till us final disposition;
j upon the same principle that of two courts of con-
I current jurisdiction, the one which first gets pos-
I session of a case affecting either persons orprop-
| erty is entitled to retain jurisdiction till its final
; disposition. It is upon this principle also that
| persons captured by the military authorities in
