THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL. PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHIIGTON, V. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1802.
New Series No. 186.
unconstitutionality; that is, that it was not passed
in pursuance of the Constitution.
Mr. COWAN. That is just my objection to
this bill; that it is not "in pursuance thereof."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
show it in some other way than by undertaking
to show that it is not in pursuance of the law of
nations.
Mr. COWAN. When I show that it is con-
trary to the law of nations, 1 show its unconsti-
tutionality, because there is nothing plainer in the
world than that the Congress of the United States,
the Government of the United States, the whole
people of the United States everywhere are bound
by the laws of nations; and if we expect to have
national rights and enjoy national privileges in
the great family of nations, nothing can be clearer
than that we are bound by the law of nations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator is assum-
ing his argument upon that ground, I totally deny
that the Government of the United States is bound
by the law of nations. It may destroy every one
of them; and so say the authorities. Nobody
supposes we would do it; but we are talking of
power. The Congress of the United States may
pass a law that every prisoner shall be hung.
Would that be in accordance with the law of na-
tions ? It would be a valid law. 1 am not fo«
any such law; but as a question of power, the
law of nations cannot control the Government of
ihe United States a moment.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am as will-
ing as the Senator from Illinois to admit the un-
limited extent to which Congress might make a
fool of itself. I have no hesitation in the world
in assertingthatCongressmightdoas many ridic-
ulous things as the same number of men any-
where else on earth, if they chose to do it; but I
do say if they did it they would trample upon the
laws which bind and knit together the civilized
world everywhere in national brotherhood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not disagree with the
Senator about that. I thought he was arguing
the question of power, not of policy. If he ad-
mits that Congres^as power to do these things,
that is the point. That I understand to be the
basis of his argument.
Mr. COWAN. And I am arguing the ques-
tion of power, the power of a civilized Govern-
ment, not that ofa barbarian one which would set
its feet on the laws of nations, and trample them
all to the earth and declare itself out of the pale
of civilization.
I wilt not trouble the Senate with authorities,
because perhaps they will be given to the Senate
by other gentlemen who havegiven this subjecta
more particular consideration than I have; but I
have no hesitation in asserting that if this bill
were to pass and become a law, that not a single
dollar's worth of property could be condemned
and confiscated under it in any court of the Uni-
ted Slates, doing its duty.
But, gentlemen say that the courts arc not to
declare the laws of Congress null and void. Mr.
President, I dissent from thatopinion. I say again
that the judiciary of this country is coordinate
with the legislature, and that for the protection
of the citizen, for the protection of ns all, for the
purpose of establishing human liberty in its per-
fection, it is right and proper, and it is the duty of
the courts when this Congress transcends its con-
stitutional authoiity,and when itpasses laws not
warranted by the express grants of power in that
instrument, to declare them unconstitutional and
void. They have done it repeatedly, and it is
one of the bulwarks of the liberty of the citizen
wherever human liberty is appreciated by men,
that they should do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, on that very point, I will read to him what
Chief Justice Marshall says on that subject.
Mr. COWAN. From Brown's case?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; Brown's case.
He says in so many ""fcords 
Mr. COWAN. I would very much prefer if
the Senator would read to me what Chief Jus-
tice Marshall said in a subsequent case in which
186
he took back all that he said before in Brown's
case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not had the pleas-
ure of seeing that subsequent case in which l^e
took it all back.
Mr, COWAN. You will have the pleasure of
hearing it pretty soon.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Theargumentof Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, in Brown's case, covers the point
the Senator is now pursuing exactly. He says:
" This argument must assume for its basis the position
that modern usage"—
The law of nations is made up of usage. The
Senator will not deny that—
"This argument must assume for its basis the position
that modern usage constitutes a rule which acts directly
upon the thing itself by its own force, and not through the
sovereign power. This position is not allowed. This usage
is a guide which the sovereign follows or abandons at his
will. The rule, like other precepts of morality, of human-
ity. and even of wisdom, is addressed to the judgment of
the povereign, and although it cannot be di&regarded by him
without obloquy, yet it may be disregarded."
That is what the Supreme Court of the United
States says.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, take that in
its length and breadth, and what is it but simply
asserting that which I have just asserted, that if
a nation chooses to throw itself without the p$.le
of the civilised worltft and to trample modern
usages and the laws of nations under foot, and go
back into a condition of barbarism—abandon its
rights under the law of nations—I suppose it may
do so; and the Chief Justice says that it may do
so at the expense of incurring the obloquy of the
civilized world. Do Senators desire to incur the
obloquy of the civilized world? I thought this
struggle was to maintain ourselves in the eyes
of the civilized world, and to rnaintain our charac-
ter and good faith as a civilized people before the
world.
Now, let me say with regard to that case of
Brown 
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will permit me, I will suggest to him that
the principle decided in the case of Brown was
this: the question there was whether the decla-
ration of war gave the right to citizens of the
United States to claim enemy property within the
United States or not; or whether a special law of
Congress was necessary to assert that right. The
court decided expressly that the declaration of
war did not authorize the seizure of the property;
that that was a right appertaining to the sover-
eignty of this country, which was necessary to be
asserted by a particular law; and that the civil
power of this country might or might not assert
that right. That is the whole of it.
Mr. COWAN. That is true; and thatis a very
true statement of the case. The point decided
was that enemy's property found within the coun-
try at the time of a declaration of war made was
not ipso facto subject to condemnation as prize
property, but that it required an act of the Legis-
lature, of Congress, in order to authorize it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is where the House bill
stands. It is that very act of Congress to au-
thorize it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 am just going to show, if I
can, that it does not stand and cannot stand there;
that there is no foundation on which it can rest
itself, even on that principle.
Mr. President, property within the jurisdiction
of the sovereign it is unnecessary to seize; it is
there already; and to authorize its condemnation,
being in the possession of the sovereign author-
ity, it may require, as was decided in that case,
an act of the Legislature in order to warrant its
condemnation; but I hold that in this country, and
under our present Constitution and form of Gov-
ernment, it would be impossible to confiscate the
property of any of the people of the rebellious
States Jin that way, even if it was in the posses-
sion of the loyal portion of this Government. I
will put a case. Suppose a citizen of South Car-
olina had property in Pennsylvania, and this Con-
gress were to enact a law by which that property
could be seized and taken into the ptize courts and
condemned; would that be good law? Suppose
the owner of that property were to come into court
and say, "I am a loyal citizen of these United
States:" what answer would any Senator on this
floor make: what answer dare the judge make to
that? The property of loy^l citizens cannot be
confiscated. Then I say, if you cannot confiscate
the property of loyal citizens in this way, you
cannot by these proceedings .confiscate the prop-
erty of anybody; because you can only confiscate
on the ground that the owners belong to a partic-
ular nationality, not that they h&ye committed a
particular crime. To carry it a little further, sup-
pose the judge were to say to this man, " you are
a South Carolinian; you are within the terms of
the act; but you are also $ rebel and traitor."
" Very well; then I demand a trial." What trial
is he entitled to? He must be presented by a grand
jury, and tried by a petit jury of his peers; and
there is no authority in the Government to dis-
pose of him or his property in any other way;
and then if they took his property, they would
take it as a penalty for crime, find not as a war
measure because he was a belligerent; two things
which are essentially and entirely different.
Now, I will read what Chief Justice Marshall
said subsequently in another case.
I was about to say, however, a moment ago,
that what he says in the case of Brown is of no
binding authority whatever. What a judge says
on the way to his conclusion, what he may say
by way of episode in arriving at it, or as the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collajmer]
expressed it, what heslops over, is not law in any
court. The question is, what is the point that he
decides; and 1 say that the point he decided here
was that that timber sought to be condemned was
not the subject of prize and condemnation in the
court where the district attorney attempted to con-
demn it. That was the whole of it. What he
said on that which was not in question, what he
said upon a question which was not before him
and not argued, amounts to nothing; but if that
obiter dictum is worth anything, here is one I trust
equally good. In the case of the United States vs.
Percheman, decided at the January term, 1833,
and which is to be found in 7 Peters's Reports,
on the 86th page, the same judge said:
" It may not be unworthy of remark, that it is very un-
usual, even in cases of conquest, tor thp conqueror to do
more than to displace the sovereign and assume dominion
over the country."
It is very unusual even in ccujes of conquest for
the sovereign to do more.
Mr. TRtJMBULL. This is an unusual rebel-
lion.
Mr. COWAN. ^This Congress has solemnly
3«id unanimously decided that this war is not
waged for conquest. It cannot be waged for con-
quest. It is impossible that it could be waged for
conquest. Howcan the sovereignty of the United
States make conquest of that of which it is the
rightful owner already? Can this Government
make conquest of Virginia? Virginia is already
its own, and owes to it allegiance; and so it is of
every foot of territory within the limits of the
Union.
Mr. President, it is utterly useless to attempt
to put this war upon the footing of conquest. If
that was to be insisted upon to-day on the part of
the Congress of the United States, the war would
not last twenty days. The people of this country
do not desire conquest; they do not desire subju-
gation; they desire reconciliation,reconstruction;
they desire the restoration of the Union and the
Supremacy of the lawsas they were before tins dis-
turbance occurred.
Mr. SUMNER. They desire victory.
Mr. COWAN. They desire victory, as the Sen-
ator says; but they desire victory for what? To
put a feather in their cap? To have it written
down that they have overcome their brethren in
fight? No, sir, that is a poor, a mean ambition.
They desire victory because it brings back safety,
and rescues those who have been overrun by the
rebellion. They desire victory, but they desire it
to another end than victory itself.
