1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
insurrectionary districts may still be retained as
prisoners by the military power, without inter-
ference from the courts till their cases are finally
disposed of, notwithstanding they may, for pur-
poses of safety, or other reasons of State, be
brought within districts where the judicial power
is in full operation.
Having shown that the military called forth un-
der the Constitution to suppress an insurrection
may be vested with all the power necessary to the
end, consistent with the usages of civilized war-
fare, it follows that, if hostile armies may ever
confiscate an enemy's property, the right of the
United States to do it in case of the rebels is un-
questionable, for surely no war was ever more
atrocious than the one now being waged by the
rebels for the overthrow of this Government.
They surely cannot complain of treatment we
would have a right to extend to foreign ene-
mies. The right of seizure and confiscation of
the property of the enemy as prize of war is a set-
tled principle of international law which has been
affirmed by our own Supreme Court. In the case
of Brown rs. the United States, reported in the
8th Cranch, the court say:
"Respecting the power of Government no doubt is en-
tertained. That vvai gives to the sovereign full right to take
the persons and confiscate the property of the enemy wher-
ever found, is conceded. The mitigations of tins rigid rule,
which humane and wise policy of modern times has intro-
duced into practice, will more or less affect the exeicise
ot this right, but cannot impair the right itself. That re-
main5! umtirmnibhcd, and when the sovereign authority
shall choose to bung it into operation, the judicial depart-
ment must give effect to its will. But until that will shall
be expressed, no power of condemnation can exist in the
court."
That case^also decidcs that " the power of con-
fiscating enemy's property is in the legislature."
Wheaton, in commenting on the case, says:
"The property of an enemy cannot be seized and con-
demned as prize of war, without some legislative act ex-
pressly authorizing its confiscation. The couit held that
the law of Congress dcclaiing war was not such an act.
That declaration did not, by its own operation, so vest the
property of the enemy in the Government as to support
judicial proceedings for its seizure and confiscation. It
vested only a right to confiscate, the assertion of which
depended on the will of the sovereign povvei."
In regard to the transfer of private rights of
property, Wheaton holds this further language:
" It is competent for the national authority to woik a
transmutation, total or partial, of the pioperty belonging to
the vanquished pauy; and if actually confiscated the fact
must be taken Jor right- But to work such a transfer of
proprietary rights, some positive and unequivocal act of
confiscation is essential."
Most of the nations of Europe acquired title
to the territory they possess by conquest, and pri-
vate persons have derived their titles from that of
the Government, thus obtained.
Without any special act of Congress, I pre-
sume no one questions that our military com-
manders, in the prosecution of the war in insur-
rectionary districts, may, for the time being,
seize and make use of the property of the rebels
and their slaves; but on the restoration of peace, j
the right of the owners would revive. Hence, if '
we would have uniformity of action among the
commanders of our armies, and forfeit forever the
property of rebels and their claims to the service
of their fellow-men, it must be done by act of
Congress. According to the modern usage of
nations, private property of alien enemies on
land has not generally been forfeited; but the right
of forfeiture is unquestionable, and may be exer-
cised if necessary to secure the just ends of the
war, or in retaliation for forfeitures by the enemy.
The rebels, wherever they have the power, have
seized and confiscated the property of loyal men,
and this, according even to modem usage as be- ;
tweon independent nations, would give to the
United States the right to confiscate m turn; much j
more would they possess that right as against |
rebels, who have causelessly taken up arms ,
against the Government. The right to free the j
slaves of rebels would be equally dear with that j
to confiscate their property generally, for it is as j
property that they profess to hold them; but as j
one of the most efficient means tor attaining the ]
end for which the armies of the Union have been ]
called forth, the right to restore to them the God- j
given liberty, of which they have been unjustly i
deprived, is"doubly clear. _ # .
It only remains to inquire whether, in making j
use of lawful means to crush this wicked rebel- ,
lion, it is policy to confiscate the property of ,
rebels, and take from them the support of unre- I
quited labor? Can there be a question on this
point? Who does not know that treason has
gained strength by the leniency with which it has
been treated? We have dallied with it quite too
long already. Instead of being looked upon as
the worst of crimes—as it really is—it has come
to be regarded as a trivial offense, to be atoned
for by a promise to do so no more. The despoil-
ers ot loyal citizens, the conspirators against the
peace of a nation, the plunderers of the public
property, the assassins of liberty, when they have
fallen into our hands, have been suffered to escape
on taking an oath of allegiance which many have
not scrupled to violate the first opportunity.
Thousands of industrious and enterprising busi-
ness men ruined by this causeless rebellion; more
than twenty million people now contributing of
their means and their blood to its suppression;
more than half a million men, as noble spirits
as ever trod the earth in martial array, now en-
camped in tents and undergoing all the hard-
ships of a winter campaign; thousands of others
now confined in prisons, and some in dungeons,
by the rebels; the blood of the disinterested, the
noble-hearted, the dauntless and heroic Lyon;
of the gifted, the eloquent, the brave and pat-
riotic Baker, and of the hundreds of other loyal
citizens and true men, shed by rebel hands, still
uplifted for the slaughter of thousands more and
the destruction of free government—these and a
thousand other considerations all demand that the
authors of these calamities, and others yet to fol-
low, if they have the power to inflict them, should
be made to suffer both in their persons and then-
property for theenoimous crimes they have been
and are committing against private rights and
public liberty.
Besides, sir, not to confiscate the property of
rebels, is to offer a premium to disloyalty, so long
as they, wherever in power, confiscate the prop-
erty of loyal citizens. Under such a policy, the
rebels' property is safe, let who will triumph;
while the man, true to his allegiance, his country,
and his flag, is, if within their power, despoiled of
all he possesses. Under such a policy, the path
of safety for property is to place it on the road
to treason. Is it any wonder that, under such
a policy, treason, which at first had but a par-
tial foothold in such States as Missouri and
Tennessee, North Carolina and Virginia, has
spread till in some of them it now lias complete
possession? The loyal citizen, in all the States
where the rebels have sway, knows that the pen-
alty foran avowal of his allegiance to his country
is the forfeiture of all he has, while, if .he for-
swears his allegiance, his property is alike pro-
tected by friend and foe. If we would bring this
war to a successful issue, it is high time it was
made as terrible to the enemies as to the friends
of the Republic. Mercy and security to conspir-
ators and rebels in aims against the Government,
are cruelty and peril to loyal citizens struggling for
the preservation of the Union and the maintenance '
of constitutional libei ty. They who deny their
allegiance to the Government have no right to
claim its protection. Let the Government cease
to afford it; deal with them and their property as
theircrimes deserve; prosecute the war with vigor,
and it will soon be brought to a successful issue.
It cannot be that twenty million people, armed in
defense of constitutional government and regulated
liberty, are to be overborne by less than one
fourth their number fighting for the overthrow of
free government, the establishment of an aristoc-
racy, and the perpetuation and spread of human
slavery.
But while fighting this battle in behalf of con-
stitutional liberty, it behooves us especially to see
to it that the Constitution receives no detriment
at our hands. We will have gained but little in
suppressing the insurrection, if it beat the ex-
pense of the Constitution; for the chains which
the bondman wears are none the lighter because
they were foiged by his own and not another's
hands. As we expect to come out of this contest
with our Hag full and complete m all its propor-
tions, not a stripe erased or a star obscured, so let
us preserve the Constitution perfect m all its parts,
with all its guarantees for the protection of life \
and liberty unimpahed, and the instiument itself ;
tendered doubly dear from the fact that it has been
sacredly maintained and proven equal to every j
emergency, under circumstances the most trying j
to which a nation was ever subjected. Then, 1
when this struggle is over, we will have an as-
surance that our Government is stronger than
ever before, and that constitutional liberty is es-
tablished on a foundation which no human power
will ever be able to subvert.
I will ask, sir, that the bill which I have intro-
duced be printed and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary,
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Several messages of an executive character
were received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. John G. Nicolay, his Secre-
tary.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is no further busi-
ness now before the Senate, I desire to have a
short executive session. I do not wish to make
the motion unless all business is gone through
with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
resolutions lying on the table—one submitted by
the Senator himself.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I withdraw the
motion,
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following
resolution, offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] yesterday, is now before
the Senate, and the question is on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be requited to fur-
nish to the Senate copies of any general orders in the iml-
itaiy department of Missouri ielating to fugitive slaves.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 5, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Messrs. Killinger and Hale, of Pennsyl-
vania, appeared in their seats to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VACANCIES IN COMMITTEES FILLED.
The SPEAKER announced the following ap-
pointments to fill vacancies in the committees of
the House:
Committee of Ways and Jtfeans—Messrs. Sam-
uel Hooper, of Massachusetts, and Horace
Maynard, of Tennessee.
Committee on the Judiciary—Mr. James F. Wil-
son, of Iowa.
Committee on the Territories—Mr. George K.
Shiel, of Oregon.
Committee on Indian Jljfi'irs—Mr.T. CI-. Phelps,
of California.
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds—
Mr. Jacob P. Blair, of Virginia.
Committee on Military JIffairs—Mr. "VV". McKee
Dunn, of Indiana.
Committee on the Establishment of a National
Armory—Mr. William Kellogg, of Illinois.
Committee on the Pacific JRailrvad—Mr. Aaron
A. Sargeant, of California.
TELEGRAPHIC CENSORSHIP.
Mr. GURLEY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, TImt t!)e Judiciary Committee he requested to
inquire if .t telesiiapliic ceiis-oi! lnp of the pies.& h«ts> been
established in tins city; if so, by whose anthoiiry and by
whom it is noweonti oiled; to ropoit if Mich censorship has
not been used to restrain a wholesome political criticism and
discussion, while its professed and laudable object has been
to withhold from the enemy important information in retei-
ence to the movements of the Army.
DELAWARE RIVER DEFENSES.
Mr. LEHMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced ceitain resolutions of the Board of Trade
of the city of Philadelphia, in relation to the de-
fenses of that city; which were refened to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
