20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of having the President's message
taken up and referred to the various standing
committees of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wickliffe in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
annual message of the President of the United
States.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following res-
olutions:
1. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of ilie United States to the two Houoes of Con-
gress at the present session, together with the accompany-
ing documents, as relates to the finances, to ttie deficiency
m the revenues of the Post Office Department, to the re-
ceipts into the Treasury and public expenditures, to the
provision of additional revenue, and the ways and means
lor supporting and meetingaf! public liabilities of the Gov-
ernment, be referredto the Committee of Ways and Means.
2. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to commerce, be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
3. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public domain, bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
4. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as i elates to the Post Office Department,
be refeired to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Itoads.
5. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the execution of the laws
of the United States against the African slave trade, to the
reconstruction of the judiciary, to the revision of the statutes
at large, to tiie establishment of courts of justice for the
cnfoi cement of collections in eases of debt against disloyal
citizens m the lebellious States by militaiy power, and to
the better oiganization of and increase of power to the
Oomt of Claims, be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
6. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as lclates to the public cxpeiuhtuies,
be refeired to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as lclates to agriculture, and an agri-
cultural buieau, be lefened to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as iela es. to oui nitrrcoui&c with tiie
Lndian tribes, be referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as ielates to iho Army of the United
States, to coa^t and lake defenses, to iucieasmsj the coips
of cadets, and additional chaplain* for service m hospitals,
be icferred to the Committee on Military Allaire.
10 Resolved, That so much of sail1, message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Navy of the United
States, to a moie perfect organization ot the same, and to
the Naval School, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Ail airs.
11. Resolved, That so much of s>aidme*sa«,r<s as relates to
our foicign affairs, together with the accompanying cor-
respondence in lelation thoieto, to an appropriation to cover
looses in the case of the Buti-d) >>lifj> I'eithslnie, detained
undei misapprehension of the facts, to the suipius avvaids
<jf the claim* of Ameucan citizon- against China, to the
leeogmtion of the independence of flay ti and L'beria, and
to the acquisition of teintory, be leferred to the Committee
on Foicign Affairs.
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Temtoiies of the Uni-
ted States, be relencd to the Committee on the Territories.
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents usielates to pensions ami the Pension
liureau, be rcfened to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
14. Resolved, That so much of siid message and accom-
panying documents a^iclaio toanulitary load, be refeired
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
15. Rcsolicd, That so much of said mc-sagc and accom-
pany ing documents as relate-* to evpendituies m connec-
tion with the State Department, b«  rcfened to the Commit-
tee on Expenditnie^ in tne State Depattment.
1G. Resolved, That <omueh of s-aid message and accom-
panying documents a-> iclatesto expendituies in connec-
tion with the Ticasmy Department, be rotcrred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Troa^uiv Department.
17. Kesofi-e</, That so much of said incs.-age and accom-
panying documents-is ielate-3 to cxp'-mlitines in connection
with tin; War Depaumont,be leierrcd to the Committee on
Expenditures in the War Department.
18. Resoh ed, That so much of said message and accom-
panying document as i elates to expenditures in connection
with the Navy Depaitiuent, be rcfened to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
19. Resolved, That so much ot >a\d message and accom-
pany ing document5-as relates to expenditines in connection
with the Post Office Depattment. be tefeiiod to the Com-
mittee on Expendiluies in the Post Office Department.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I observe that one
of the resolutions offered by the gentleman ftoin
Pennsylvania refers so much of the President's
message as relates to the subject of a military
road to the Committee on Roads and Canals. I
move to amend that resolution so as to icier that
subject to the Committee on Military Affairs.
That committee, I believe, has always had charge
of that subject.
Mr. STEVENiS. I do not care where itgoes.
I am willing to so modify the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
who made that proposition, as well as the original
mover of the resolution, to allow that portion of
the message to be referred to a committee where
it will receive active attention. The subject is one
which seems to me germane to the organization
of the Committee on Roads and Canals, which
committee, I believe, is not generally overbur-
dened with business. The recommendation is
one I know personally to be of great and almost
vital importance to the portion of the country to
which it relates. I would suggest, unless there
be some reason which I do not understand, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
adhere to the original direction, and allow the sub-
ject to go to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no preference in the
matter. I had supposed the committee to which
the subject was originally referred by the resolu-
tion was one which would be most likely to give
the matter some attention. They had not any-
thing to do, and I thought they might as well
amuse themselves with this matter. But if the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
thinks his committee can manage the subject, I
have no objection to its going there, and will so
modify the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that I did not propose
that this subject should go to the Committee on
Roads and Canals for the purpose of amusement.
1 did not allude to it in any such spirit. At this
session of the House, certainly, I trust, there
will be no disposition, so far as 1 am concerned,
to attempt the amusement of anybody.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will merely re-
mark that the President has referred to this as a
military measure, and as such, I suppose it should
be properly considered by that committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I have accepted of the mod-
ification suggested by the gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I oiler the follow-
ing additional resolution:
Resolved, That all that portion of the Ptesidenfs mes-
sage and accompanying documents which refeis to the
colonization of slaves taken fiotn armed rebels be refeired
to a select committee of seven members to be appointed by
the Speaker.
Mr. STEVENS. How is it referred in the
resolutions 1 have submitted?
The CHAIRMAN. To the Committee on
Foreign-Affairs.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that it is not in order for the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to create a select committee, or to refer any por-
tion of the message of the President to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution is a mere
recommendation to the House to appoint a select
committee, to which this subject shall be referred;
and, therefore, the Chair thinks that it is in order.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. It is a resolution
offered for the adoption of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to bo reported
to the House. At least, so I understand it.
One thing further. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means for inform-
ation on another point. I may not have heard
it, but it seems to me that there is no motion for
the reference of that portion of the President's
message which relates to labor and capital. Am
I correct?
Mr. STEVENS. I will answer the gentleman
from Ohio I think that that subject is embraced
in some of the resolutions. There is no appro-
priate committee on metaphysics in the House,
and 1 have no doubt the subject will be included
in some of the other items of the message.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I presume it will
go then to the Committee on Unfinished Business.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
The committee informally rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message in writing
was received from the President of the United
States by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary.
The committee then resumed its session.
REFERENCE 01? TIIE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me recall to the atten-
tion of the committee the refeience proposed of
that portion of the message of the President re-
lating to a military road. I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] has been accepted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as a modification of the reso-
lutions he has submitted. So then I suppose that
that resolution is not now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending proposition
is a resolution offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] in reference to the coloniza-
tion of slaves taken from armed rebels. It is a
distinct proposition, and has not been accepted
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
wish to be out of order. My object in rising is, if
it be in order, to move a still further amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that that part of
the President's message relating to the construction
of a military road ought to be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
resolution must relate to the same subject—the
colonization of slaves taken from armed rebels.
Mr. COX. On yesterday, the House sent a
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs in
reference to that subject—that is, the finding out
of a place for the colonization of negroes. That
committee has now charge of the subject by order
of the House.
The question was taken on the resolution of
Mr. Blaiu, of Missouri; and it was adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. If it be in order, I will now,
Mr. Chairman, ask the committee to recur to the
i resolution which proposes to refer that portion of
' the President's message relating to the construc-
tion of a military road to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I move that that matter be referred,
instead, to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
for a reason I was about to state when I was in-
terrupted, and pioperly. I perceive that the chair-
man of the Committee on Roads and Canals is a
gentleman not now in his seat, who represents the
Louisville district, in the State of Kentucky, and
who has a personal knowledge, and can bring to
the question a large amount of attention and ex-
amination, which I am very sure that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, because of its other
business, will be unable to do. The Committee
on Roads and Canals will take it up, I think, and
be able to present it to the House with all the de-
tails of facts needed for intelligent legislation.
Mr. STEVENS. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee in order? The com-
mittee has already passed the resolution relating
to the construction of a military road. There is
no reconsiderationin the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and 1 think, therefore,
that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has not
voted on any one of the resolutions, and it is in
order to vote on them jointly or separately. The
amendment is in older.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have only a word
to say on this matter. If the House deems it
proper to refer this recommendation of the Pres-
ident to the Committee on Roads and Canals, in-
stead of to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs, I
have no objection. I am aware that the Committee
on Military Affairs will have a great deal of work
to do at this session, and I am satisfied, fi ora the
character of the gentlemen who compose the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, that they will give
piobably the most attention and care to this sub-
ject. The question is with the committee to dis-
pose of as it deems proper.
Mr. STEVENS. If it be within my power,
I will modify the resolution so as to make1 the
reference as it was originally—that is, to refer the
subject to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
ni&lead of to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be so ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That al! that part of the President'* ine->age
and accompanying documents which relates- to coaM, liver,
and lake dci'cn^c.--, he letened to a select committee of five,
to hi.- appointed by the Spoakei ; and that all uiemosiaNand
papeis relating to the location of a national aimoiy be re-
tried to the f-ame comimttce.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that the standing
committers are the proper committees to take
charge of all these subjects.
