1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ment of officcr* ami J&ttliers wlVQ have performed actual
service in t)ic field before, hemg regularly mustered into the
United States Army; and also to provide for the pay,
bounty, and pension to the heirs of such officer? and sol-
diers as have died or been wounded o* killed in battle, be-
fore being thus regularly mustered into the United States
service.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman to
modify that resolution so as to direct the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of reporting
the bill, instead of directing them to report it.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I will so modify it.
The resolution, as modified^was agreed to.
FOREIGN BANK NOTES.
Mr. RIDDLE, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to prohibit the circulation of for-
eign bank notes within the jurisdiction of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
RAILROAD POSTAL CONTRACTS.
Mr. BLAKE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-=t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire what legislation, if any, is
necessary to secure the transportation of the United States
mails at icasonable rates over the ioad?> of all railroad com-
panies that have received grants of public lands to aid in
the construction of such railroad*, and also over all.other
raihoads in the United States, and report by bill or other-
wise.
COLLEGIATE MILITARY PRILL.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Affair^ be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of enacting a law
to piovide for detailing, at the expense of the United States,
from the line of the Anny, a suitable instiiiftor m military
drill and tactics, tor each mcoipoiated college in the United
States which shall provide for such a course of instruction.
OBJECTS OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. ROLMAN submitted the following reso-
lution, and called the previous question on its
adoption:
RcsolvaU That, in the judgment of this House, the un-
fortunate civil wai into winch the Government ol the Uni-
ted States has. been forced by the treasonable attempt of the
southern secessionists to destroy the Union, should not be
prosecuted foi any other puipose than the restoration of the
authority of the Constitution, and tb.it the welfare of the
whole people ot the United States is permanently involved
in maintaining the present foim of Government undei the
Constitution, without modiheation or change.
Mr, LOVEJOY. I move to lay that resolution
on the table.
Mr IIOLMAN
upon that motion.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and if was decided in
the affirmative—yeas GO, nays 58: as follows:
YEAS—Mosms. Aidrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker,Baxter, Beamati, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Butlinton, Buiuham, Campbell,ChumlM-tlm, Chirk, Colfax,
Fredeiiek A. Colliding, Uo> eoe Conkhnir, Conway, Ci:\-
vens, Cutler, Oavis, Delano, Duell, Ely, I'V^enden, Fuui-
ehot, Frank, Iloopet, Hutching Fr.uu'i-. W. Kelloiig. Lan-
sing, 1-oouii.n Lovo|oy, MeKii'^hl, MePhei.-on, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Anion p. Mouill, jumih S. Moinll, Patton^
Pike, I'omeioj, John II. Rice, Riddle, Saigent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Ste\ < us, Tiuwbi idiie, Van Wjclt, Yenee, Wal-
lace, Charles VV. Walton, Wheeler, Albeit S. While, Wil-
son, Wmdom, and Woice.stei— 6U.
NAYS—Mcsms. Joseph Ihuly, Diddle. Jacob B. Blair,
George II. Biowne, William G. Biown. Culvert, Clements.
Cobb, Corning, Cox, CuMield, Ciitteudeii, Diven, Dunlap,
Dunn, Goodwin, (iianiier, Hal", Hall, [Jaidiiiir, llanison,
Holman, Morton, John-on, Wilhain Kellogg, Ivnapp, Law,
La/ear, Leaty, Malbuy, Maj uaid, Mi-nzhw. Nixon, Noble,
Noell, Norton, Nugeu, Odell, Pendb'ton, Peny, Kichaulson,
Robiiwm, James S. lto|lm«. Shetfu Id, Shell abater. Smith,
Jonn B. Steele, Siiation, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianeis
Thomas, Tumble, Vibbartl, Wad^worth, Webster, Wha-
ley, VV'ieklilfe, WoodiufF. and YVnght— 5t>.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Before (lie vote was announced,
Mi. VALLANDfGHAM said he had paired
with Mr Van Horn.
Mr. SMITH said his colleague, Mr. "Wall,
was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. MALLORYsaid: My coli(\u;uuaiid fiicnd,
Colonel Jackson, is at the head of his regiment, in
the State of Tennessee, fighting1 to maintain the
Constitution and the Union, and enforce the laws.
I have no doubt he is as close to the lines of the
enemy as he can get. But that his duty as a sol-
dier ties him to hisregiment, he would be here, and
vote against laying this resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. I was nieiely assigning a
reason why my colleague was not present.
I ask for the yeas and nays
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Steele, of New
York, was absent with an investigating committee
in the city of New York.
Mr. ALLEY stated that Mr.Bailey, of Massa-
chusetts, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. COLFAX. Having already once voted
for the Crittenden resolution at the first session
of this Congress, and this being only a reiteration
of it, and not deeming it necessary to repeat that
vote over and over again, I vote u ay."
He also stated that his colleague, Mr. Porter,
was absent, having been subpenaed in a case on
trial to-day in court.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I want to change my vote.
I am tired of repeating myself on this question, I
vote " ay."
Mr. PIKE. I see nothing objectionable in this
resolution itself.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.,
Mr. PIKE. I desire merely to say 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest the gentleman if he
persists in his statement. The Chair has repeat-
edly stated thatdebate, duringthe roll-call, would
not be permitted. If one member is allowed to
speak another must be. He hopes the House will
aid him in enforcing the rules.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid upon the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to record my vote on the
motion to lay upon the table the resolution just
pending.
Mr. YALLANDIGI-IAM. 1 object.
Mr. TRAIN. I would have voted in the af-
firmative to lay the resolution upon the table.
DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into, and report on, the expediency of
establishing at Madison, Indiana, a home for disabled sol-
diers.
DETERIORATION OF SOILS.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution.
The Clerk lead the resolution, as follows:
Wheieas it is of the fir>t importance to the agricultmal
inlei est* of til • Tinted States to be posseted of the he^tm-
Joimation which ih e science and skill of the country c an
command of the detnioiation of the soils of tiie several
States trom culm anon, and abo of any leincdie-i which
may be known to lessen or counteract such deteuoiation :
TheietoM!,
Resolved, That the Commi^sionerof Patents be requested
to piocure, and lepoit to Congress, analyses of the arable
binds of the United States, showing the peicentagc ofprox-
imate organic and inorganic fertilizing elements contained
in then cultivated depth; aKo the annual yield of tbesame
crop, on the same sod, tioni the first to the latent cultiva-
tion ; al-o the estimated amount of fertilizing matciial m
eiops annually expoited from the United States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What will bo the cost
of that resolution ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mi. RICHARDSON. I do not object to that.
The resolution was referred as indicated.
THOMAS IIAYNE.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill for the relief of Thomas Haync and
others; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CALIFORNIA MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the joint resolutions of the State of Cali-
fornia, in favor of semi-monthly mail service, by
sea by steamers, from San Francisco to Crescent
City, Del Norte county, California,and interme-
diate points; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Otuce and Post Roads, and ordered
to be punted.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. ALDRICH. I submit the following res-
olution, and demand the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judici.uy be, and
aic hercbj, instiueted to lepoit back House bill No. J £5, for
the confiscation of all piopeityof lebejs, then aideu and
abettors, and for the liberation of their slaves, with a sec-
tion enjoining upon the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and upon all naval officers the seizure of all of the enemy's
property made liable to capture by said bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want to suggest
to the gentleman from Minnesota that that resolu-
tion is unnecessary.
Mr. BINGjHAm. I object to discussion.
On seconding the previous question there were
on a division—ayes 40, noes 56.
Mr. ALDRICH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, and Bingham were appointed.
The previous question was not seconded; the
tellers having reported—ayes 42, noes 56.
Mr. VALL ANDIGH AM. I propose to debate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over.
EXECUTIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask,by unanimous consent,
that the House take up the amendments of the
Senate to the executive, legislative, and judicial
appropriation bill, and that they be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
MILITARY TRIAL, ETC.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
are hereby instiucted to report back House bill No. 119,
being A bill to subject certain persons to military trial
and punishment, and foi other purposes."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to debate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over.
SALINE LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present n letter from the Secretary
of the Interior in relation to saline lands in the
Territory of Nebraska, in order that it may be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
VETO POWER IN DAKOTA.
Mr. TODD, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to mqune into the expediency of amending the organic
act of the Territory ot Dakota, so as to make its provisions
relative to the exercise of the veto power conform in all
lespeebi to those of tiie Tenitory of Nebraska; and that it
lepoit by bill oi otherwi&e.
GRANT OP LAND TO DAKOTA.
Mr. TODD, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill making a grant of land to the Territory of
Dakota, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said Territory;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. MORRIS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to record my vote on the
homestead bill passed on Friday last.
There was no objection, and Sir. Morris voted
in favor of the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will to-day permit all members who were
absent on Friday last, when the homestead bill
was passed, to record their votes on that question.
There was no objection.
Messrs. CRISFIELD and CALVERT voted
against, and Messis. BLAIR of Missouri, SHEL-
LABARGER, NOBLE, and LOOMIS, in favor
of the passage of the homestead bill.
COMMERCE OI1' TIIE UPPEIt LAKES.
Mr. POMEH.OY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the eommeice of the upper lakes and ot the
< anal?> oprmng into th<> iame has never been made a .sub-
ject of legislation by Confess and as a rigid ent'oicement
ot the stnet letter of existing laws, which were not enacted
to meet the peculiar exigencies ot the tonnage and trade of
the lakes and of the canal- opening into them would place
such commerce under many embanas^ments and restric-
tions : Therefore,
Revolt cd, That the Committee on Commeice be lequested
to examine whetliei any, arid if any what, legislation is
needed to regulate our present lake commerce; and to report
by bill or othei wise,
