1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a question
of order. The resolution is not in order—the
question of armories lias not been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and therefore cannot now be disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. That part of the resolution is not
in order.
Mr. OLIN. 1 wish to say, in reference to the
other portion of the resolution, that, in my judg-
ment, it seems to be wholly unnecessary. If
the course now proposed in reference to special
committees be pursued on the several questions
of general legislation which come before us, we
had better at once dispense with all the standing
committees. We had better, then, do away with
those committees to which all the business of
general legislation may ordinarily be referred, and
appoint special committees on every subject pos-
sible to come before us. If there is any propriety
in having a Committee on Military Affairs, if there
is any propriety in having a Committee on Naval
Affairs, then the subjects embraced in these res-
olutions, referring to either arm of the service,
ought to go to one or the other of those commit-
tees. If, however, there is a propriety in having
special committees, to which business of general
legislation shall be sent, then there is no neces-
sity of having standing committees.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to which standing committee of the House
the subject of this resolution has been proposed
to be referred?
Mr. STEVENS. To the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the entire
subject go to that committee ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If I heard the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] cor-
rectly, it provides that all matters relating to a
national armory shall be referred to a special com-
mittee, as well as the subject of lake defenses.
The CHAIRMAN. That portion of the res-
olution has been ruled out of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Ashley's res-
olution; and it was rejected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 ask for a separate vote on
the resolution adopted on motion of the gentle-
man from Missouii, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr.DlVEN. I offer the following amendment:
Resolved, That that portion of the President's me&sagc
and accompanying documents leferrmg to the militia, be
referred to the Committee on the Militia.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. ARNOLD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
RcsolvetU That so much of the President's message as
refers to the defuses and foitificatiom of the great lakes
and rivers, be retcned to a select committee of nine, to be
appointed by the Speaker, with power to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. A motion was once made to
strike out the original resolution on that subject,
and to insertanother; and I make the point, there-
fore, that this amendment is not in order.
Mr. ARNOLD. ThisisadifFerent proposition.
This amendment proposes, instead of referring so
much of the President's message as relates to the
great lakes and rivers to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, that it be referred to a select com-
miitee of nine. I offer that amendment for the
reason that the great lakes are not at all repre-
sented upon the Committee on Military Affairs.
Six million people, living around the great lakes,
and having a commerce larger in magnitude than
the entire foreign commerce of the country, have
not a single representative upon the committee to
which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to refer this portion of the
message. Nov/, 1 have the most profound re-
spect for the ability and patriotism of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; but, Mr. Chairman,
this committee well knows that they will have an
immense amount of labor to perform, and I sub-
mit whether a matter of this magnitude, having
reference to such a vast commerce, should not,
under the circumstances, the attention ot the com-
mittee having been called to it, be referred to a
committee of gentlemen who reside upon the bor-
ders of the great lakes upon which that commerce
is carried, and that it, be referred to a committee
who will takeadcep interest in ilie reronmKiida-
tion of the President. The foreign commerce of
this country costs the Government annually, in
the way of fortifications, and in the way of the
Navy and otherwise, millions of dollars, while
the lake commerce, which in value exceeds it,
costs the Federal Treasury only a nominal sum
for light-houses. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment I have offered, which proposes simply that
the defenses and fortifications of the lakes shall be
referred to a select committee, will be adopted by
the House. It seems to me that the magnitude of
the subject should entitle it to the favorable con-
sideration of the committee.
Mr. OLIN. I must again say to the House
that I see no occasion to change the reference that
has already been made of this subject. I know
that for some years past it has been a favorite
project with many gentlemen of the House to
move special committees in reference to ordinary
subjects of legislation, and for which the standing
rules of the House have provided a committee.
Now, every gentleman undoubtedlyis averygood
judge of his own merits; and common courtesy
demands that whoever moves a special committee
should be appointed chairman of that committee;
and I would not derogate from the capacity of any
member who chooses to move such a committee.
But, however good a judge he may be of his own
merits, ordinarily the exercise of such a power
is better intrusted to the Speaker of this House
in my judgment. If it be necessary to form a
committee specially upon lake and harbor de-
fenses, why, let a committee be raised by the rules
of the House, and let the House provide for the
subject; and then the Speaker will appoint a com-
mittee m the ordinary way. I might go on and
enumerate all the special committees which have
been appointed by the orders of the House since
I have been in Congress,fora period of fouryears,
and show that not a single instance has occurred
in which a select committee has been created by
order of the House where the rules of the House
had not already provided for the appointment of
such a committee, and where a committee had not
already been appointed for the special purpose for
which a special committee was sought. [A Voice.
The Van Wyclc committee.] No,sir; notexcept-
ing the Van Wyck committee.
I hope, therefore, that this message will be per-
mitted to be referred in the ordinary way. The
Committee on Military Affairs may be a very
miserable committee—and I have been of that
opinion somewhat myself, but I am not responsi-
ble for that. If it is improperly organized, it is
the mistake of the Speaker of the House, who
constituted the committee, and though he may
have made that mistake, I think it is better, as a
general thing, to intrust the power of appointment
of special and all other committees, to the Speaker,
rather than to the gentleman who chooses to move
a special committee, and who will be placed at the
head of it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to support
the motion made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Arnold,] to refer the subject of river and
lake harbor defenses to a select committee. In
the first place, I am opposed to concentrating all
the powers of this House in the standing commit-
tees, and so expressed myself at the last session
of Congress, for reasons not necessary to be re-
peated now. But, in the next place, the very great
and constantly increasing importance of the sub-
ject is a justification for departing from the usual
course oY the House in referring subjects gener-
allyto the standing committees. And. just at this
moment, when we are threatened, perhaps immi-
nently, with hostilities with a great Power upon
our northern frontier bordering upon the lakes, I,
as a resident of the Northwest, and a citizen of
Ohio, one of the States more exposed, in some
respects, than any other to hostile incursions in
case of hostilities with Great Britain, am anxious
that the utmost attention possible may be be-
stowed upon this subject. I am sure that in the
multiplicity of subjects referred to the standing
committees of the House, and especially to the
Committee on Military Affairs, it will be impos-
sible to devote sufficient time and consideration
to it—or at least such time and consideration as
the importance of the subject merits; and, there-
fore, m my judgment it ought to be referred to a
committee constituted with a special reference to
the subject, and also to the geographical location
of the members of that committee—and thereby
to the men who are acquainted with the wants
and interests of our northwestern frontiers at all
times, and especially in case of collision with Eng-
land. I trust the attention of this Committee of
the Whole will be directed to this resolution, and
that they will vote intelligently in regard to it.
I do not propose to consume, further, the time
of the committee, inasmuch as what I have
already said embraces the substance, at least, of
all that need be said in regard to the present ques-
tion, and inasmuch as I do not desire to antici-
pate what I may have to say more at length on
some future occasion.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois will not be adopted.
The danger is, that we will have everything
taken away from our regular committees, selected
with great care, and turned over to special com-
mittees, for the gratification of those living in
particular localities. I do not agree with the
gentleman from Illinois, that the interests of the
great lakes are not represented upon the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I think that every
member of every committee represents all the
interests of this Union in every part of it, and
that those who are charged with the defenses < f
the sea-board, and of every part of the Union,
have a particular interest in taking care of the
great lakes. I do not think the subjects ought to
be separated from each other. I do not think
that two bills in reference to defenses ought to be
introduced. My opinion is, that the regular com-
mittee having charge of this subject heretofore,
according to the customs and usages of the
House, ought not now to be deemed incompetent or
partial, so as to take from them the consideration
of this question; that one committee ought to
look over all the defenses of the whole country,
so that, after seeing what is required, they may
report a bill in harmony with itself, and recon-
ciling every interest.
I hope therefore we shall vote down this propo-
sition, and have the message referred, as usual,
to the standing committees of the House.
Mr. ARNOLD. This subject is a new one, and
is made the subject of a special communication
from the President. The regular committees of
this House were not organized with reference to
the subject-matter which I propose to refer to a
select committee.
In reference to the objection -made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Olin,] in regard to
the propriety of allowing the Speaker to appoint
the committee, I will say that I am not aware that
any different mode is proposed in relation to ap-
pointing this select committee from that in refer-
ence to the standing committees of the House.
It will be appointed by the Speaker, and though,
through courtesy, he has generally appointed as
chairman the mover of the resolution, yet 1 will
gladly decline serving upon thatcommittee in favor
of the gentleman from New York, if it will gratify
that gentleman in the least.
I desire that the House shall recognize, by the
adoption of the resolution which I have proposed,
the great commercial interests of the Northwest,
I therefore trust the resolution will pass.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to ask my
friend from Illinois a question in reference to this
subject. He has stated that the subject is a new
one, and I wish to inquire of him whether there
are now any permanent national fortifications
upon the upper lakes—for instance, at Fort Gra-
tiot and Fort Mackinaw?
Mr. ARNOLD. There is at Mackinaw. There
was one at Gratiot, but it has been abandoned.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. That was quite re-
cently, then. The resolution of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means connects the
three several matters of coast, lake, and river de-
fenses together, and refers them,as the House is
aware, to the Committee on Military Affairs.
There, I think, they properly belong, and there,
I trust, they will be referred. The proposition
submitted by the gentleman from Illinois is to
divide these subjects, and refer the matter of lake
and river defenses to a select committee, to be
composed, as I understand it, entirely of gentle-
men living on the western lakes and rivers. Such
a reference, I apprehend, would be unjust to the
coast interests of the country. In the present
condition of the public Treasury, but a limited
amount of money can be appropriated for this
purpose, and I venture to assert that the intei-
