1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PROTECTION OF LANDS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DIYEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to protect the lands of the United
States, and to prevent waste; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
BUTLER MORRIS.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the x-elief of Butler Morris; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONERS.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to prohibit the payment or granting
of pensions to the children of officers and soldiers
of the war of the Revolution; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 178, to incorporate the
Washington and Georgetown Railway Company,
with a substitute, and moved that it be put on its
passage.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United State* of Aran icrr in Congress assembled,rFhat
Horace M. Dewey, ltichard Wallach,^Jensen Hasbiouck,
William A. Darling, Thomas Berry, Joseph F. Blown,
William llemsen, Jonathan II. Butici, John B. Pioetor,
John Butterlield, Joseph T. Stevens, William Clafhn, Sam-
uel J. Reeves, John L. Uiown, Edward A. Abbott, and
their associates and assigns he, and They are hereby, cioated
a body coiporat*1 under the name of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company, with authority to construct
and lay down a double tiack laihvay, with the necessary
switches and turnout^, in the cities of Georgetown and
Washington, in the District of Columbia, through and along
the following avenues and stieets: commencing on Bridge
street, at the inteisection with High btieei, or at such point
on said Budge street east thereof, in the city ol Geoig<>-
town, as may be designated heieatter by the cmpotate au-
thouties theicol, along !>aid Budge stieettoits interaction
with the tftieet running to the tubul.n budge <>\er Rock
creek to Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of Washington ;
along said avenueto Fifteenth stieet we-t; along said street
south to said avenue; along said avenue to the loot of the
Capitol grounds ; thence around the noithern boundary of
the Capitol giounds to the northern gate thereof; through
the s<yue to the southern gate ; thence along theirfeouthciu
boundary easteiJy to Pennsylvania avenue; along said ave-
nue to Eighth street east, or Garuson street; and along said
street south to the navy-yard gate, with a lateral road con-
necting said main road with New Jet *ev avenue, at its in-
tersection with the depot of the Baltimotc and Ohio Rail
road Company; also, a double or single tiack lailway,
commencing at Boundary street north and running down
Seventh street west to Pennsylvania avenue and to the Poto-
mac ; aho. a lailway commencing at Rhode island avenue
andiunning down Fomteenth stieet we«t to Pennsylvania
avenue or to the Potomac; witluhe right to tun public car-
nages theieon drawn bv horse power, receiving therefot a
rate of tare not exceeding five cents a pa^enger foi any dis-
tance between the termini of either of the said road*: P)o-
vided, That the u- e and maintenance ot ?-aid load shall be
subject to the municipal tegulations of the citievof Wash-
ington and Geoigetown, respectively, within then several
corporate limits, and that whenever the Capitol giounds
shall be enlarged, then the said routes hhall be made to
contoim theieto.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That said toads shall
be deemed real estate, and the\, togethei with othci ieal
pioperty and the pewmal piopeity of <-atd body corpoiafe,
shall be liable to taxation a^ other ieal estate and pei<onal
pioperty in the cities aioresaid, except as heieinatter pio-.
vided.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That three pci cent,
of the net receipts for fares on said toads shall be paidover
to the cities ol Georgetown and Washington, to he divided
acfotdingto the relative population of the two cities, and to
be applied exclusively to thesiippoit oi fiee public schools ;
and wiulc the «aid per cent, shall be duly paid tU<> lealty oi
said roads -hull be exempt ftom any other taxation.
Sfo. 4. And he. it further enacted, That the said lailway
shall he Said in the centei of the avenues and stieet-, a*
near as may be, withoutinteuetiug with m }>assiiigov( t the
watei or gas pipes, in the mo-st apptowd m.innei adapted
for street i ail ways, w ith tail? of tlx* ino-t appioved patterns,
to be detetmined by the Seeictaiy ol the Jntenot, laid upon
an even siuluce with the pavement of the streets. The
gauge ot the tiack*. and the space between them, shall not
be less than four !eet nor mote than six feet, and the cat-
nages shall not bo le*s than six teei in vwdrh. the gauge to
couespond with that of the tt.ilfnnoie and (Mho laihoad
Sep. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said corpora-
tion, Jieieby created, shall he hound to keep -aid tiack and
the pavements within and foi the space of two tcrt bf vond
the ontei tail always m good otdei. without expense to the
United States oi the cine* of Guoigetow n and Wash ma ton.
Sec. 6. And be il finthci enacted, Thet Hie privileges
heieby granted r-liall continue until l-'pealed b\ <.'oni:ie-s.
Sf.c.T. At ulLcit fuither enacted. That nolhingiu this act
shall pievem the Government, at anv time, at then option,
from alteting the gtade, or otheiwi-e impioving Pennsjl-
vatna a\ entie. ami such other avenues and street- as may
be occupied by said loads, oi the cities of Washington and
Geoigetown, likewise ot &ucb streets and avenues as may be
under their respective authority and control, and in such
event if. shall be the duty of said company to change the
level of said laihoad so as to conform to sueh altered
grade. ' •
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act may at
any time be altered, amended, or repealed by the Congress of
the United States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatnothinginthisact
shall be so construed as to authorize said body corporate to
issue any note, token, device, scrip, or other evidence of
debt, to be used as a currency.
Sec. 10. And be it. further enacted, That the capital stock
of said company shall be §300,000, and that the stock shall
be divided into shares ot fifty dollars each, and shall be
deemed personal property, transferable in such manner as
the by-laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the saul com
pany shall place first-class carson said railroad, with all
the modern linprovemeiusfor the convenience and comfort
of passengers, and shall run cars thereon during the day as
often as eveiy five minutes, and until twelve o'clock at
night as often as every half hour; and throughout day and
night as much oftener as public convenience may require.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That said company
shall ptocure such passenger rooms, ticket offices, stables,
and depots at such points as the business of therailroadand
the convenience of the public may require. And the said
company is heieby authonzed to lay such rails through
transveisc or other stieeis as may be necessary for the ex-
clusive put pose of connecting the said stables and depots
with the main tracks. And the said company is hereby
authorized to purchase or lease such lands or buildings a&
may be neces&aiy for the passenger rooms, ticket offices,
stables, and depots above mentioned; and in case of pur-
chase, to execute and deliver the bonds of the corporation
for these properties, or other propeity purchased and held
by the company ; and the said bonds shall be secured by the
whole or any portion of the property of «aid company, pro-
vided that said loan docs not exceed $100,000.
Sec. 13. And be d jutther enacted, That all articles of
value that may be inadvcttcntly lett in any of the cars or
othei vehicles oi the said company shall be taken to their
piincipal depot and entered in a book of record of unclaimed
goods, winch book shall be open to the inspection of the
public at all reasonable hours of business
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the United States
Government shall have the right and authouty to convey
and inn freight cars, and carry height for Government use,
over the whole or any pottiou of the tailroad hereby
granted; the Government of the United States to pay said
company such leasonable compensation foi the useofsueii
ruihoad, m the running ot such freight car*, as maybe
deemed just by the Seeretatj of War, or by sueh other per-
son as the President of the United States may designate foi
the put pose of fixing sueh compensation.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That, within five days
after the pas-age of this act, the corporators named in the
fir-t section, who shall act as diiectors for tlie first year and
until others aie ehosen, or a majority of them, or if any re-
fuse or neglect to act, i hen a majority of the remainder shall
cause books oi subscription to the capital stockof said com-
pany to be opened and kept open fora peiiod to be fixed by
said eorpoiators, not less {ban three days, and continued
open until the whole capital shall be subscribed for, and said
eorpoiatois shall give public* notice, by advertisement In at
least two of the dailv papeis published m the city of Wash-
ington, of the time when and the place where said hooks
shatl be opened, and sub-ei ibet-upon said books to the cap-
ital stoek of the company shall be held to be stockholders
and associates of the co> poratois named iu the first section :
Piondt'd. That no pet son. lor himself, or for anothei,duting
the fast day, shall -ub-cnbe foi moie than uvo hundred and
fifty, and duung the-ceond day, not more than one hundred
shares each; when, if the whole shall not then be taken
and subsciibed (or, the subseiibeis then existing shall have
the right to inciease their slot k in equal amounts, and il
the whole shall not then be taken, any paitv may then sttb-
'-eiibe theieloi in any number ot share- until the whole
shall be taken ; and when the book- of subscription to the
capital '-took ot said company -hall be elo-cd, the cot pora-
tois named in the fnst section, oi a majoiity of them, and
in case any of them rcfu-e oi neglect to act, then a m-tjor
ity ot the remainder shall call the fn>t meeting of the stoek-
holdeis of said companv, and in all meetings of the stock-
holder each shaie shall entitle the holder to one vote, to
be given in pctson oi by proxy. Prodded, That a majonty
iu mtere-tiu the shares -hull have the light to inciea-e the
same, win-nevei it shall appear necessaiy, to the extent of
lour thou-and additional shaie-, oi to sueh extent as ma\
be deemed nccc— nry to eari) outthe object of thH ehaitei.
Si- e. 16. And be it further cnailcd, That the government
and ducction ot the affairs of the company shall be vested
in the boatd of directors, who shall be chosen fiom and b>
the coipoiatoi-1 hetem piovidod, whoshall be stockholder,
and who shall hold then office till otheis ate duly elected
and qualified to take their places as director ; and the said
dneetois (nine of w hom. the pie-ident being one, shall be
a quorum) t hall Gleet one of then number to be president
of the boatd, uhq-shall also be president of the company;
and they shall also choose a tiea-utei, who shall give bonds
with buietv to said company, m -ueh -utn as the said di-
rector mav tequire lot' the laifhtul di-chatge of his tiust.
In case of a vacancy in the board ot director by the death,
resignation, or otherwise, of anv dnectoi. the \ac.uicv oc-
ea-ioned thereby -hall be filled by the remaining"director.
Sec. 17. And he it further enacted, That the director shall
have full power to make and picsctibe such by-laws, lules,
and legulation? as they shall deem needful and pioper touch-
ing the disposition and management of the stock, propeity.
and effects of the company, not conttary to the chartei oi
to the laws ol the United States.
S fc IS. And be it fuithn enacted, That fhet e shall be an
annual meeting of the stockholders for the choice of dnec-
tor. to be holden at such time and place, under such con-
dition-. and upon such notice as the ^aid company in then
by-laws ina\ presenbe. _
Sec 19. And he it further enacted, That the mavoi, com-
mon council, and the several officers of the corpoiatious ot
the cities of Georgetown or Washington, and the said cor-
porations are hereby prohibited from doing any ,actor thing
to hinder, delay, or obstruct the construction or operation
of said railroad as herein authorized. And it is hereby made
the duty oi' said mayors, common councils; and other offi-
cers to do such acts and tilings within their respective de-
paitments as may be needful to promote the construction
and protect the operation of the said railroad^ Any'act. or
thing done in violation hereof shall be inoperative and tola,
and the use of said streets by said company for the purpbses
of sa\d railroad, as herein authorized, shall be considered*
public use.
Sec 20. And be it further enacted, That the'said com-
pany shall have at all times the free and tfnmtemipteduse
of their road-way, and if any person or persons sthall will-
fully and. unnecessarily obstruct or impede the passage on
or over said railway, or any part thereof, or shall injure or
destroy the cars, depot stations, or any property belonging
to said railway company, the person or persons so offend-
ing shall forfeit and pay for every such offense the sum of
five dollars to said company, and shall remain liable, in ad-
dition to said penalty, for any loss or damage occasioned by
his, her, or their act as aforesaid; but no suit shall be brottgllt
unless commenced within sixty days after such offense shall
have been committed.
Sec. 21. Awl he it Jurther enacted, That the said railway
shall be completed and ready for the transportation of pas-
sengers between the Capitol and Georgetown within sixty
working days, and from the Capitol to the navy-yard within
six months after the approval of this act.
Sec. 22. And be it further enaclcd, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, which are inconsistent with any
of the provisions of this act, are, for the purposes of this
act, hereby repealed, 6© far as the sqme are inconsistent
herewith.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I suggest to my colleague
to add the following:
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That nothing In the
act shall be so consttued as to prevent an amendment or
repeal of the same by this or any subsequent Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY. That is already provided for
in the bill. This is substantially the Senate bill,
and as it is reported unanimously*from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, I demand the
previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman to yield to
mo for the purpose of making a suggestion*.
Mr. ASHLEY. I yield, for that purpose.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not think that
a measure of this magnitude should be pressed
through the House in this way. Iam well aware
of the difficulties there have been for the last five
years to secure the passage of a Washington city
railway bill, and I do not know that there-is very
much that is objectionable in the pending prep-
osition; but I know the means and appliances
brought to bear to force a bill through tne House
probably in the shape of this one. It is no doubt
the result of a combination of incorporators.
But there is one section which I think is an out-
rage. I mean the tax for the benefit of the com-
mon schools of Washington and Georgetown.
There is to be a tax upon the proceeds of this
road, which will be mainly derived from strangers
who comc to this city on official business, for the
support of the common schools of this District.
Now, in the name of all that is holy, if the people
of this District cannot do something towards
taking care of themselves, for God'ss&ke let them
t^o without common schools. [Laughter.] The
people of my State tax themselves for the support
of common schools, and I know no reason why
the people of tins District, who have habitually
lived upon the plunder of the General Govern-
ment, should a'ssess a tax upon the traveling pub-
lic for the support of their common schools. I do
not approve ot that part of the bill. If a fare of
live cents for each passenger who rides will sup-
port the common schools, as well as defray the
expenses of the railroad, I would reduce the fare.
Again, sir, this road is to be laid down in sixty
days, so as to be used between the Capitol and
Georgetown, and then the Government is to pay
a reasonable compensation for everything which
is carried over the road for the Government, when
there are hundreds of men, I believe, in this city
and out of the city, who would build this road,
charge only the fare that this bill proposes, and
do aft the transportation for the Government free
of charge.
MESSAGE FROM THE, PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States by Mr. Hay,
his Private Secretary.
Also, a message informing the House that he*
had approved and signed a bill making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1863, and ad-
ditional appropriations for the year ending June
30, 1862.
