1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
WASHINGTON CITY RAILROAD AGAIN.
Mr. OLIN. I have detained the House longer
than I intended to have done, and I wish only to
make one further suggestion. I have no particu-
lar hostility to this bill. I think that a railroad
bill ought to pass, if one can be passed which will
protect the Government and thecitizens who come
here, and who would be accommodated by this
railroad. But I suggest to the gentleman whether
it would not be better to take the bill up and allow
some of its sections to be discussed and amended,
if the House thinks fit, and see if we cannot pass
the bill in the ordinary way that legislation is dis-
posed of in this House. I object to this plan of
getting up and proposing a substitute for the Sen-
ate bill, which probably none of us have read, and
without any discussion, without an opportunity
to amend or canvass any of its provisions, moving
the previous question, and attempting to force the
bill through the House withoutany consideration.
I do notlike that mode of legislation. I have seen
too much of it already here this session. But a
short time ago,as I am informed, a bill came back
from the Senate with a little amendment stuck into
it,in which the House concurred without consid-
eration, and which will probably cost this Gov-
ernment over ten millions of dollars; and I ven-
ture to say, that not ten men in the House knew
there was such un amendment when it was con-
curred in.
Mr. ASHLEY resumed the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow mp five minutes?
Mr. ASHLEY. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I objcct to his
yielding the fl<?or.
Mr. OLIN. Surely the gentleman will not re-
fuse that courtesy.
Mc. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not learn
lessons of courtesy from that side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
entitled to the floor, and can only yield it by unan-
imous consent.
Mr.VERREE. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I thank the gentleman from Ohio
for the courtesy which he has extended to mo. I
have thrown out these suggestions not with any
view to make objection to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
d<h\ Objection is made to the further yielding of
the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY. In reply to what has fallen
from the gentleman I'nmi New Yojk, I have this
to say: that the Semite bill, which passed that body
without a division, contained a provision taxing
the railroad corporation three per cent, on its gross
earnings for the support of schools in this Dis-
trict. The substitute taxes them three per cent,
on their net earnings. I for one, as a Represent-
ative, certainly desire to see this-corporation taxed
this amount for the support of schools in this Dis-
trict. If this taxis not imposed, the fare, which,
as the gentleman from New York very properly
remarks, will be collected chiefly from non-resi-
dents, will remain at five cents. Three percent,
on the net earnings will leave the fare about four
cents and ninety-eight hundredths of a cent; and
whether tins tax is imposed or not, it will be im-
possible to reduce the fare. Five cents is the
customary fare for horse-railroad travel all over
country.
With regard to the remarks of the gentleman
as to the propriety of leaving the bill open for dis-
cussion, I have to say, that all the bills upon this
subject which have beemntioduccd into the House
and referred to the Committee for the Distuct of
Columbia have had careful consideration,and this
substitute is unanimously reported by the com-
mittee. It was punted by the order of the Rouse,
on the 24th of February, and cvci y gentleman in
the House who has had any interest in it, has had an
opportunity to examine its provisions. I see noth-
ing to be gained by discussion, and, for one, I do
not wish to take up the time of the House m dis-
cussing it. I now ask the previous question on
the bill. H
^ Mr, SI EVEN'S. If the gentleman will with-
draw the call for a few moments, I will renew it.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw it with that under-
standing.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise merely to say that one
great reason why I support such a bill as this is
because it does contribute to educate the children
of this District. It takes it not from the passen-
gers who use the road, but from the net earnings
and out of the pockets of the company. Now, I
care not whether the people here are worthless or
not; they have children who are to grow up and
become men and women,and the more worthless
the people here are, the greater necessity for taking
care that their children are properly educated. I
admire thelawin some oftheeastern States which
puts it in the power of certain officers to go about
among the worthless portion of the population,
pick up their children, and compel them to attend
school at the public expense. Such, I believe, is
the law in Massachusetts, and in nearly all the
New England States; and it is an admirablelaw.
Now, I know, to use a Yankee phrase, how
" shiftless" the people of this District are, and
how 44 shiftless" the people are in all great towns
supported by governmental patronage. But that
is all the more reason why we should take care of
the rising generation, and give them an opportu-
nity of being educated, whether their fathers and
mothers are able to educate them or not.
I will only say in regard to the bill, that I had
the honor of presenting what I thought a very
good bill in the early part of the session, which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. I do not know that it was any better
than this bill; but several of my friends were in-
terested in it, and named as corporators, and I
should have been glad if the committee had selected
it. But 1 have been here long enough to know
that unless we take the bill which has been ma-
tured by the committee, rival interests will come
in, and wc never shall get a railroad here. I un-
derstand that the committee overruled the bill
which 1 introduced, and have unanimously intro-
duced another. I have read the bill in its printed
form, and see nothing objectionable in it. It is
not quite as good as my bill, and I wonder the
committee did not discover that. But they thought
otherwise; and I have made up my mind to sacri-
fice my predilection for my own bill, and support
this one. I am under an obligation to call the
previous question, which I now do.
Mr. WRIGIXT. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that for a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
has control of it.
Mr. ASHLEY, I must insist on the previous
question.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then 1 hope it will be voted
down. I call for tellers on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pendleton
and Asiii.ey were appointed.
The [louse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. WEBSTER. Would it be in order now
to ask a question for information?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. WEBSTER. I really desire information,
and hope the House will give me a chance to
obtain it.
There was no objection.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 desire to know how many
directors are to control this road?
Mr. ASFILEY. Nine constitute a quorum.
Mr. WEBSTER. How many is the total num-
ber? I do not see it stated in the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. Fifteen. Their names are
printed in the bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. There are thirteen corpo-
rators named; but the sixteenth section says that
the government and direction of the affairs of the
company shall be vested in a bocftd of directors,
it does not state how many directors there are to
be in the board. They are to be chosen from and
by the corporatois. I want to know how many
| directors there are to be.
i The question being on the substitute reported
1 from the Committee on the District of Columbia,
j Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
J The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yea5; 101; nays 24; as follows:
YE \S—Messis. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold. Ashley. Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham. Samuel S. Blair. Blake, Gcoige II.
Biovvue, Caiveit, Cluunbeilin, Clatk, Clements, Cobb.
Fredeuck A- Conkling. Ito^coe ConUhng, Conway, Com-
ing. Cox, Ciavens, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duel!, Dunlap. Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fes-
senden, Fisher, Franchot, Gooch, Granger, Grider, Han-
chett, Hooper, Ilorton, Julian,Kellcy,Francis VV.Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Ktiapp, Lansing, Law, Leary, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Nugen,
Odell, Patton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Poineioy,
Potter, Price, Alexander II Rice, John I-I. Rico, Edward
H. Rollins. James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, ' Shellabarger, Shicl, Sloan, Smith, John 13.
Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree, Vibhard, Wad-worth, Wallace, Charles W. Walton,
Waid, Wheeler, Whalev, Wlndom, and Woodruff—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Baker, Biddle, Fiancis P.
Blair, Buffinton, Campbell, Covode, Gurley, Hale, Hard-
ing, Harrison, Ilutchins, Johnson, McKnight, McPherson,
Olni, Riddle,Fiancis Thomas, E. P. Walton, Webster, Al-
bert S. Wlute, Wicklilfe, Wilson, and Wright—24.
So the substitute was adopted.
During the vote,
Messrs. RICHARDSON and TRAIN, not
having been within the bar when their respective
names were called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The bill, as amended, was read the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY called for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. OLIN. Will thegentleman from Ohio per-
mit me to ask him one question in reference to this
bill, in regard to which 1 think he has misled the
House ?
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 decline to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. Let me say that there is a cheat,
an imposition in this bill. [Calls to " Order!"]
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill; and it was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that tlifc Senate had passed an act (No. 122^pro-
viding for the organization of the staff attached
to divisions of the Army of the United States, reg-
ular and volunteer; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act(H.R.
No. 294) requiring an oath of allegiance and to
support the Constitution of the United States, to
be administered to masters of American vessels
clearing for foreign or other ports during the pres-
ent rebellion.
ST. LOUIS COMMISSION AGAIN.
■ Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave now to report
from the Committee on the Judiciary a joint res-
olution (S. No. 22) providing for the paymen^of
the awards of the commission to investigate the
military claims in the department of the West.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
report being made?
There was no objection.
Mr. WIOKLIFFE. [ desire to ask the gen-
tleman making this report to have it postponed.
I have information 
Mr. BINGHAM. I must say to the gentleman
that I was instructed by the committee to report
this resolution, with the amendment which I in-
dicated before.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me a single moment?
Mr. BlNGX-IAM. I will hear the gentleman's
statement.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have information direct
from St. Louis that these commissioners have
concluded their labors, and are now engaged in
making out their report. That report will be here
in a few days, and the House can then act better
upon it than it can on uncertainties as to what the
commission has done. I hope, therefoie, that the
gentleman from Ohio will agree to have the con-
sideration of this resolution postponed for a few
days, till this report shall hsvve come in.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gpntle-
man from Ohio to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wickliffe] has the floor just now.
