24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to me
that the whole of this discussion arises from a
grave mistake of our own position in this House.
Why, sir, any man who is fit to be a Represent-
ative here upon this floor is as much the Repre-
sentative of one portion of the country as of an-
other, and any fair-minded man ought to be as
much trusted with the coast defenses as with the
river defenses, the Jake defenses as with either of
the other. Any fair-mindtd man, no matter from
what section he may come, is as good as another
to decide upon questions that concern the whole
country, if his other qualifications are equal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman from Vermont, by his leave, why, if
Ins position be true, the Constitution did not pro-
vide for the election of members of this House by
general ticket throughout the United States, in-
stead of representation by States, and now also
by districts, within the same State?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have risen to
address myself particularly to the question before
us, and I prefer to do so without interruption.
Mr. Chairman, the committees of this House
which have been regularly constituted of course
have a knowledge of the general subjects which
no special committee can have. Thesubject has
been before them, and they have studied it in all
its parts, and therefore they can grapple with any
portion of it better than any new or untried com-
mittee.
Now, Mr. Chairman,I think that we havespent
sufficient time on this matter to dispose of it. To
me it is a matter of no consequence how it is dis-
posed of,except so far as the public interests shall
be promoted. I have no doubt that the Committee
on Military Affairs will do justice to the great
West; that itnvill also do justice to our river and
coast defenses. If there is any good reason why
there should be a special committee on the lake
defenses, there is the same reason for one on the
river defenses, and another on the coast defenses.
There is, indeed, no end of spccial committees
when we once embark on them. I hope, there-
fore, that the motion for a special committee will
not prevail.
Mr. SPAULDING withdrew his amendment.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 move to limit the committee
to eight.
Mr. Chairman, there is but one thing I wish to
say in reference to this whole matter. Represent-
ing as I do a lake-coast district, I deprecate the
idea that there should be any sectional feeling
either for or against this question. But,I would
remind the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment we have had legular committees, and
under their fashioning hand what has been the
legislation in reference to the lakes? From the
past we may judge what is necessary fur the
future. I admit that there ought to be great and
weighty reasons for departing from the usual cus-
tom in these matters. But what has been our
experience?
Why, sir, utter and complete neglect of the
defenses from one end of these great lakes to the
place where they discharge their waters finally
into the sea, has literallygoverned the whole coun-
try. That country has not grown great and pop-
ulous because of the fostering and cherishing care
which the Government has extended to it; but
that prosperity has been due to the innate energy
and enterprise of her inhabitants, in spite of such
neglect. Why, sir, at my own city of Cleveland
the piers of the harbor, under the chronic regi-
men of your regular committees, have dropped
piecemeal away. At the mouth of Green river,
one of the finest harbors on the southern shoie of
Lake Erie, the river has literally dammed itself
up, so that, without profanity, it may be said that
for the purposes of navigation it is one of the dam-
med-est rivers in the United States. And all this
has been done under the benignant and widely-
extended national fostering care of the benignant
standing committees. I think it high time to de-
part from our former usages in this respect. To
do so casts no reflection upon the Committee on
Military Affair.s, either personally or collectively;
nor upon the wisdom of the Speaker which dic-
tated their choice. But when it is urged—and m
relation to that point I make only a single remark
—that the standing committee is sufficient for this
purpose, I appeal to the experience of the last
thirty or forty years to show that it is a profound
mistake, and it is time the matter should be cor-
rected.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to oppose the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope gentlemen will
be confined in their remarks to the amendment
before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine his remarks to the amendment, which is, to re-
duce the committee from nine to seven members.
Mr. OLIN. I will confine myself to that point.
The reason why, Mr. Speaker, we should have
nine instead of seven members, is because the
committee should embrace the whole country.
We ought to have a committee that would come
from the various parts ofthe country,and who are
acquainted with the wants of the particular local-
ities from which they come. This committee
which is proposed, would simply direct their at-
tention to the fortification of the great Northwest.
The committee 1 am in favor of, would direct their
attention to the fortifications ofthe Atlantic coast
as well as those of the great Northwest. The ab-
surdity of the proposition is seen at once in the
fact that it is just as necessary to fortify the At-
lantic coast as it is to fortify Lake Michigan.
Now, do you want a special committee upon the
subject of the fortifications of the Atlantic coast,
another upon the subject of fortifying the rivers,
and another upon the subject of fortifying the
Northwest? Does not that demonstrate the
absurdity of the proposition? I am amazed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question, whether there ought to be a
special committee, is not now under consideration,
as the amendment refers only to the number of
the committee.
Mr, OLIN. The Chairman will please apply
what I have said in reference to a special com-
mittee to the number of members of the com-
mittee, and if the Chair will make that application
of it, it will save me the trouble. [Laughter.]
I think debate is pretty much exhausted on the
subject, so far as any profitable result is to be
attained. 1 am opposed to the amendment, and
hope it will be voted down.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurringupon the originalamend-
mcnt offered by Mr. Arnold,
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Arnold and
Olin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tions, as amended, with the exception of the
twentieth resolution, and they were adopted.
The question next recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment to the twentieth resolution;
which amendment was as follows:
That all tliat portion of the President's mess-ago and
accompanying documents which refers to the colonization
of slaves taken from armed rebels? be lefcried to a select
committee of seven membuis to be appointed by the
Speaker.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to reduce
the number of members to six. I move the amend-
ment for the purpose of saying that, before the
close of the session, this may become a very im-
portant subject; and if the resolution refers merely
to the subject of colonization,and not to the ques-
tion of emancipation, it certainly belongs to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. Indeed , we can-
not take it from their consideration, without with-
drawing the resolution which we passed yester-
day, which resolution, as I understand it, embraces
this subject, fundamentally, either inside or out-
side of our own territory; and, as it may involve
some very delicate questions of information from
the State Department, it should go to a com-
mittee having intimate relations to that Depart-
ment. 1 certainly think this Committee of the
Whole will be willing to trust the venerable and •
iliustriouscliairmanof the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Crittenden] upon such a subject as
this; and certainly I would rely much more upon
his judgment than upon my own. But, at all
events, if you regard this matter merely as a ques-
tion of colonization, without embracing the policy !
of emancipation, in some form or other, the sub-
i< ct properly belongs to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the execu-
tive message and sundry lesolutions in reference
thereto, and had directed him to report the reso-
lutions to the House with a recommendation that
they be agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. OLIN. I call for a separate vote upon the
resolution referring to lake and river defenses.
The question was put upon the adoption of all
the other resolutions in gross, and they were
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the twenty-first resolution in relation to refer-
ring the subject of lake and river defenses to a
select committee of nine.
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. OLIN called for tellers upon the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
and Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-five, a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 75, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldnch, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,Gold-
j smith F. Bailey, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham. Chamberlm,
Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Conway, Corniriu, Co\, Ctavens,
Davis,, Duel I, Edgerton, Fes-senden, Fianehot, Grander,
Glider, Gurley. Ilni^ht, Hale, IlanchPtt, IIain>oii, liol-
man, Julian, William Kellogg, Lansing, Law, Lehman,
Lovejoy, McKntght, Mitchell, Morris, Noble, Norton,
Odell, Pendleton, Pony, T. J. Phelps, Pomeioy, Porter,
Potter, John £1. Rice. Richardson, Riddle, Robinson, Sar-
geant, Shanks, Sheflabaiaei, Sloan, Smith, Hpaukliiig,
John B. Steele. William W. .Steele,Ti unbie, Tiow bridge,
Upton, Valiandisham, Vandever, Van Horn, Wall, Wal-
lace, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, Chilton A. White, Wickliffc, Wilson, and Wor-
cester—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Baker,
Biddle, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffiii-
ton, Burnham, Campbell. Hoscoe Conklmg, Covorle, Cris-
field, I)juve«, Delano, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwaids,
Eliot, English, Fenton, Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Hardin?,
Hickman, Hooper, Hoiton, Ilutchin?, Johnson. Kellcv,
i Kiliinger, Lazear, Leaiy, Loomi-, MrPhei-on, Maynard,
1 Menzles, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Moirill,
Nixon, NoeB, Olin, Patton, Pike, Alexander H. Rice, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, Shiei,
Steven?, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Van Vnlk-
enburgh, Verree, Wadswoith, Charles W. Walton, Web-
ster, Woodruff, and Wright—65.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, kid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting a report
from the Secretary of State, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 13th
of July last, in relation to the correspondence
between this Government and foreign nations re-
specting the rights of blockade, privateering, and
the recognition of the so-called confederate States;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in reply to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 31st of July last, upon
the subject of increasing and extending the trade
and commerce of the United States with foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee
1 on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
j PASSES IN THE DISTRICT Or COLUMBIA.
J Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the repeal of certain laws relating
to passes in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
I The bill proposes to repeal all laws ami pails
. of laws now in force in the Distiict of Columbia
requising passes of persons of color going north-
! ward.
