1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
entry of the same, the clerk of the court shall
transmit to the Treasury of the United States the
moneysso deposited in court, together with a cer-
tified copy of the decree of distribution, after de-
ducting from the moneys the costs of court and
the chcuges and expenses before provided for.
The provisions of the act will apply as well to
cases now pending as to all future cases of mari-
time captures and to captures and seizures made
under the laws for the abolition of the slave trade;
and all laws and parts of laws inconsistent with it
are repealed.'
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was oidered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
And then, on motion of Mr. RICHARDSON,
(at ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 4, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial from mer-
chants and others of Boston, Massachusetts, hav-
ing business with t ho west coast of South A merica,
and interested in shipping visiting the Pacific
ocean, in which they state that, "having learned
with surprise and regret, that the United States
Government have no arrangements with the own-
ers of the steamers running between New York
and Aspinwall and the Panama Railroad Com-
pany for the transpoitation of the mails to and
from Panamaand New York, that said mails have
been taken free of charge to the United States Gov-
ernment by the said steamers and uiilroad com-
pany, since the land mail to California has been
established; that on communication with the Post-
master General, he has replied that his power over
the matter is exhausted; that having called the
attention of Congress to the subject in his annual
report he must wait the action of Congress." The
memorialists setting forth these facts, proceed to
ask Congress to take such immediate action in the
premises as, in their judgment, they may deem
expedient to authotlze the proper authorities to
provide a conveyance of the mails to and from
Panama and New York. I ask the reference of
this memorial to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
It was so referred.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa and Nebraska, praying for the establish-
ment of a tri-weekly mail route from Plattsmouth,
on the Missouriiiver,to Port Kearny; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of J. C. Phil-
brook and others, citizens of Boston, praying Con-
gress to drop the negro question, and attend to the
business of the country; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr, WiLMOT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was
oidered to lie on the tabic. * •
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, in favor of the payment of
volunteers from the time of their enlistment, and
the payment of officers from the time they were
placed on recruiting service, and the reimburse-
ment of the expenses incurred in recruiting compa-
nies and regiments for the volunteer force; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of Jo-
seph Rogeis and others, citizens of Dubuque,
Iowa, in support of the claim of Othniel Preston
for a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented additional papers m
relation to the claim of the Wyandotte Indians for
discount on bonds held in trust by the United States
for those Indians; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 121)
for the collection of taxes in insurrectionary dis-
tricts, and for other purposes, have had the same
under consideration and directed me to report it
back, asking to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I will make the first motion
to discharge the committee, and omit the motion
to refer until the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] who*introduced the bill, comes in.
The motion to discharge the Finance Commit-
tee was agreed to.
•Mr.POMEROY, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James Pool,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.No.
220) for the relief of James Pool. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 211) to authorize the corporation of
Georgetown, m the District of Columbia, to lay
and collect a water tax, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 284) for the relief of Z. E. Caverly, late
secretary of legation at Lima, Peru, reported it
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CARLILE submitted the following reso-
lution;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate purchase from
W. YV. Seaton, or the proprietors* of tfie National Intelli-
gencer, (iiteen copies of the Annals of Congress and the
Register of Debates, for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution lies over.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for carry-
ing the mails from the United States to foreign
ports.
* BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained , leave to introduce? a hill (S. No. 221)
to exempt volunteers during the present rebellion
from the operation of the last proviso of the act
of the 30ih of April, 1844; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained,leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. No.
58) to regulate the compensation of agents for pay-
ing pensions; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE 01? REPRESENTATIVES.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 4G) declaratory of the
intentand meaning of a certain act therein named.
The message further announced that the House
hod passed the joint resolution of the Senate (No.
22) providing for the payment of the awards of
the commission to investigate the military claims
in the department of the West, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the Ilouse
had passed the bill uf the Senate (No. 178) to in-
corporate the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
way Company, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 302) to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its disagreement to the first amend-
ment of the Senate to the resolution of the House
(No.37) in relation to certain railroads in the State
of Missouri, insisted on by the Senate; agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
appointed Mr. William S. Holman of Indiana,
Mr. Albert G. Porter of Indiana, and Mr. t
Thomas L. Price of Missouri, managers at 4he
same on its part. • !f]
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced-that the Pres-
ident ofthe United States had approved and signed
on the 1st of March,an act (H. R. No. !54)**takr
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses Of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of Julie,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862. - ■ ■ - '
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. ' , ' v
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enroiled
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 294) requiring oath of
allegiance and to support the Constitution of the
United States to be administered to masters of
American vessels clearing for foreignor other ports
during the present rebellion; and
A bill (H. R. No. 302) to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional clcrks in the office ofthe
Assistant Treasurer at New York, and for other
purposes.
WASHINGTON RAILROAD,
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of*Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 178) to incorporate the Washington and
Georgetown Railway Company; and
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the res-
olution of the Senate (No. 22) providing for the
payment of the awards of the commission to in-
vestigate the military claims in the department of
the West; and on motion of Mr. Sherman, the
Senate disagreed to the amendment of the House
of Representatives, and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. It
was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the paart
of the Senate he appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.Sher-
man, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Latham.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, afterwards an-
nounced that the Houseinsisted on itsamendment
to the resolution ofthe Senate (No. 22) providing'
for the payment of the awards of the commission'
to investigate the military claims in the depart-1
ment of the West, disagreed to by the Senate;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and appointed Mr. John A. Bingham of Ohio,
Mr. Charles A. Wickliffe of Kentucky, and
Mr. James F. Wilson of Iowa, managers of the
same on its part. , --—~ '
REGENT OS1 SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 56) for the appointment of a regent of the
Smithsonian Institution; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. DIXON. Let the resolution be read at
length.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, ^*c., That the vacancy in the board of regents
of the Smithsonian Institution of the class other than mem-
bers of Congress, caused by the decease of Cornelius C.
Fclion, be filled by the appointment of Henry Barnard, of
Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. Barnard is so well known
to the Senate, and to the whole country, for his
devotion to the cause of public education, that I
am in hopes the resolution may be passed, even
without a reference. He has uevoted his life to
the very object specified in the will of Mr. Smith-
son, "the 'diffusion of knowledge among man-
kind;" and, therefore, I am in hopes the Senate
will consent to its immediate passage. If not, I
shall not urge it, but move, its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider this resolution at the present
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object to that.
Although the confession argues myself unknown,
I must say that I never heard of Mr. Barnard
before.
