1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next. I
will simply state that we are authorized by the
Secretary of the Treasury to say that his report
will not be communicated to the House until Mon-
day, and it is desirable that the way shall not be
much more occupied until some bills shall be re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Hence I make the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman. There are some who
were members of the other branch of Congress at
the last session, who are now no more. Would
it not economize time if the announcement of the
death of one of them was to be made this week?
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate have adjourned
over till Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The deaths will be an-
nounced next week.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
CODIFICATION OF UNITED STATES LAWS.
Mr. HICKMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for a board of commis-
sioners to revise and codify the general statute
laws of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEYOR GENERAL AT ST. LOUIS,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill concerning the closing of
the office of surveyor general at St. Louis, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
SOLDIERS OP TIIE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be directed
to inquire into the expediency of granting pensions to the
soldiers and widows of soldiers of the war of 1812.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Illinois, (at half past two o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 9, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Connecticut, in favor of the repeal of
so much of the act of Congress entitled " An act
to provide increased revenue from imports, to pay
the interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," as imposes a tax upon the income of the
several residents of theUmted States,and in case
such repeal cannot be effected, to modify the said
act so that the amount expected to be raised from
incomes may be apportioned among the several
States; and that the States, respectively, shall have
the privilege of assuming and paying their several
quotas or proportions thereof, and providing for
assessing and collecting the same in their own
way and manner; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Oonnecticutin favor of a uniform decimal
system of weights, measures, and currencies;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and oidered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Antome DuNord, praying for a pension, and that
a bounty land warrant may he issued to him;
which was referred tothe Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Henry Willis
and four hundred and twenty-five others, citizens
of Battle Creek, Michigan, praying for the imme-
diate and unconditional abolition ot slavery—the
slaves of traitors to lie confiscated, and those of
loyal men to be paid for; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES. I piesent the petition of Henry
P. Seholte, a learned and venerated citizen of the
State of Iowa, who suggests to Congress a plan
for the disposition of persons who are known as
"contrabands." I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I also present the petition of
F. A. C. Foreman, a citizen of the State of Iowa,
who represents that he has discovered what he
terms a " Rebel Mowing Machine, or a self-load-
ing, revolving, musket-ball battery," which if
the machine answers the representations of the
inventor, will do a large amount of execution,
and I beg leave to refer it to the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of B. B.
French and others, owners of the land and prop-
erty within the limits of the proposed extension
of the Capitol ground, praying that a decision
upon the subject maybe made at the present ses-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SUMNER. I have three memorials from
persons of the Jewish faith, in which they set
forth that they are much aggrieved by a clause in
the law relating to the military organization of the
United States, requiring all chaplains appointed
in the Army, to be "regularly ordained ministers
of some Christian denomination." I presentthese
memorials, and ask their reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
They were so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another memorial,
numerously signed by citizens of Rhode Island,
calling for the exercise by Congress, under the war
power, of legislation for the abolition of slavery,
giving all loyal owners compensation, but setting
free the slaves of rebels. I offer this memorial,
and ask its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of L. L.
Bostwick and others, citizens of Addison county,
Vermont, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Joseph Grant
and others, citizens of Franklin, Massachusetts,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the memorial of A. L. Bab-
cock and others, citizens of Sherburne, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Warren W.
Dutcher and others, citizens of Milford, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of S.
Sparhawk and others, citizens of Gaysvilie, Ver-
mont, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Francis H.
Lyford and others, of Randolph, Vermont, pray-
ing for the total abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENTpresented thepetition
of D. C. Chipman and others, citizens of Orfords-
villc, Rock county, Wisconsin, praying for the
suppression of the rebellion by the abolition of
slavery; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the memorial of Lambert T.
Follansbee and others, citizens of Kansas, pray-
ing protection of their titles to lands in Kansas;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Captain
R. Jones, of the United States Army, praying
relief and indemnity for public and private prop-
erty destroyed by the rebels in the invasion, and
by the necessary burning of the public property
at Harper's Ferry; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. KING presented additional papers in sup-
port of the claim of Mrs. Frances Ann McCauley,
widow of Daniel S. MeCanley, consul general at
Alexandria, in Egypt; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I have a memorial from the
chiefs and principal men of the Stockbridge and
Munsee Indians, residing in the State of Wiscon-
sin, which represents that they have been very
badly used in a late treaty made with the United
States, by which they exchanged certain lands
they held on Lake Winnebago for certain other
lands in the vicinity of Lake Shawano, and they
ask that provision may be made for a new treaty
with them. I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
It was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Marie Genaud, sole heir of
John lludry, praying the reimbursement of money advanced
and expended in 1814 and 1815, by said Hudry for the Uni-
ted States, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. KIjN"G, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Frances Ann McCauley,
widow of Daniel S. McCauley, late consul general at Al-
exandria, in Egypt, praying compensation for certain judi-
cial duties performed by her husband under the act of Au-
gust 11, 1848, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Dexter R. Crocker, pray-
ing compensation for tiansporting the mad from Canyon-
vine, Oregon, to Yreka, California, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be reterred to the Committee on the Tost Office and
Post Roads.
TREASURY AGENT IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate whether the Treasury Department
have a special agent in the State of Minnesota, for what
purpose such agent was appointed, how long he has held
such appointment, wh<tt compensation he has received,
and out of what fund the same was paid.
REFERENCE OF THE MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITXLE, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to Indian affairs, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it w&s
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to military affairs and the military defenses
of the country, and the report of the Secretary of War ac-
companying the same, be inferred to the Committee Oil
Mihtaiy A ft airs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as relates to naval aftairs and the naval defenses of
the countiy, with the accompanying report of thcSecietary
of the Navy, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the Court of Claims, be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
ADMISSIONS TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Governors and ex-Governors be admitted
to the floor of the Senate.
Mr. HALE objecting to the present consider-
ation of the resolution, it lies over under the rules.
FINANCE REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the annual report of the Secretary of the T reas-
ury on the finances; which, on motion of Mr.
Fessenden, was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
order; which was referred to the Committee on
Plinting:
Ordered, That ten thousand additional eopics of the re-
port ot' the Secretary of the Treasury on the finances be
piinted.
PRISONERS IN DISTRICT JAIL.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from Ward H. Lamon,United States
marshal for the District of Columbia, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, of the 4th instant, certain information in re-
lation to persons now confined in the jail of Wash-
ington county; which, on motion of Mr. Grimes,
was referred'to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
RECOGNITION OF IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and I ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That all memouals, resolution? of Legislatures,
