2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
notion into his hfiftd, without any power whatever
on the part of Congress to check, restrain, or con*
trol him, or to pass any statute designed to arrest
his follies or his crimes.
Such, sir, are the monstrous results directly
flowing from the monstrous assumption more than
once put forth in this debate by the Senator from
Illinois, and other Senators claiming to be Repub-
lican Senators, that Congress has no power what-
ever to prescribe to. the President the means and
instrumentalities, of carrying on the present war
and the operations of the Army and Navy. Let
them, sir, prepare to answer for it to their constit-
uents and to posterity. And while they charge us,
■who hold the contrary doctrine, who hold that
Congress has that right, and ought in this great
crisis of our country s destiny boldly to exercise
it, who hold that it is the right and duty of Con-
gress to resort to confiscation and all the other rec-
ognized means of waging War—while they charge
us, as they have often arrogantly done, with vio-
lating our oaths, and complacently consign us to
the doom of perjurers, let them reflect well upon the
jusiificution they are furnishing for the first mili-
tary monster who may usurp despotic power over
our country and disperse Congress at the point of
the bayonet. Let tnem, I say, look well to this.
They cannot be too circumspect. Let them care-
fully perform the task of writing down for his-
tory the logical deductions by which their doc-
trine is justified, so that when the rights of the
people shall hare been betrayed by their followers
into the hands of the successful usurper, and the
whole Constitution, for which they affect so tender
n regard, is overthrown and subverted, the tomb-
stone of liberty may at least bear their names as
its designers and fabricators.
I have shown what use was made of the term
comnuuuler-in-chief under the Continental Con-
gress and under the Confederation. I now come
to consider its use under the present Constitution
and under the laws of nations.
Under the pi'dsentConstitution,on the 2d July,
1798, Presideut Adams, in anticipation of a war
with France, recommended to the Senate the ap-
pointment of General Washington as " Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army." Withoutany act
of Congress on the subject, he sent to the Senate
a message in which he simply says;
i nominate QoorttO Washington, of Mount Vernon, to
be Lieutenant General and Commander-In-Chief ol'all the
armies raised and to 86 raised in the Urtlled Suites.
JOHN ADAMS.
IXniteo StvTks, July 2, 1798.
On the next day the Senate took the message
into consideration, and confirmed the nomination
by a unanimous vote. (See Executive Journal,
vol. 1, p. 284.)
In communicating this appointment to General
Washington, on the 7th of the same month, Pres-
ident Adams remarks:
" The urgent necessity I am In of your advice and assist-
ance, Indeed of your conduct and direction of the war, Is
all I ran uige, and that Is a sufficient justification to my-
self and tlie world, I liope it will be so considered by
youisell."
No one will pretend that President Adams, by
this appointment, intended to render or could have
rendered General Washington independent of his
orders, for he could not if he would have divested
himself of his functions of Commander-in-Chief
under the Constitution; and yet he, as well as the
Senate, only ten years after the Constitution went
into operation, applied the term commander-in-
chief to a confessedly subordinate officer, an offi-
cer invested with no authority whatever in op-
position to the will of the President. Had the
Senate or had President Adams regarded that term
as conveying to the President, under the Consti-
tution, an independent, supreme, irresponsible
conti ol of the military forces of the nation, and of
the means and instruments of waging war, surely
we cannot believe they would have established
this early precedent to the contrary. They would
not thus have prostituted the language of the Con-
stitution From what I have said respecting the
use of the term under the Continental Congress,
and under the Confederation, it is plain that no
such pretense of omnipotent power can be set up
for it. So far from this, 1 have shown that during
both those periods the commander-in-chief was
in all things subordinate and responsible to the
Congress.
I have also taken pains to examine the debates
of the constitutional convention of 1787, to ascer-
tain whether the term was employed in the dis-
cussions in the enlarged and dangerous sense now
claimed for it, or in any sense different from that
in which it had been used during that period.
Indeed, I have examined, for the same purpose,
the debates in the State conventions which ratified
the Constitution, but find neither in the Federal
convention, nor in any State convention, one word,
intimation,or hint,from any speakerin anyone of
these numerous bodies, affording a shadow of sup-
port for the claim now set up. Indeed, the record
is completely silent as to the extent of the mean-
ing of the term. And it remains for the advocates
of this claim to give to the world some good reason
for this silence; it remains for them to show that
a meaning of the term so different from the one
with which it had just been clothed, so compre-
hensive in its sweep, and so irresistible and des-
potic in its tendency and effect, properly pertained
to it, and that it was so understood by those who
framed or those who ratified the Constitution.
This novel and anti-republican import of the word
entirely escaped the enlightened minds and keen
observation of men then founding a free govern-
ment, more thoroughly versed in the principles of
government than any who have preceded or fol-
lowed them. They must show why the State-
rights men of that day, who opposed the ratifica-
tion of the Constitution, theMartins,theHenrys,
and others who taxed their great minds to discover
and enforce objections against it, failed, wholly
failed, to discover this, the greatest of all. Surely,
sir, new Daniels have come to judgment; surely,
compared with the present golden age of consti-
tutional learning, that of Washington and Mad-
ison and Franklin was but an age of lead; and we
must, under the chastening rod of the modern
teachers from Illinois and Pennsylvaniaacknowl-
edge, with due humility, that our pride in the
wisdom and perspicacity of our fathers has very
little foundation.
Again; at the time the Federal Constitution was
framed, eleven of the old States had adopted per-
manent, formal constitutions of government, in
each of which it was provided that the Governor
should be the commander-in-chief of the army
and navy; and he was as completely invested with
the control of the military forces of the State as
is the President with that of military forces of the
nation by the Constitution. And yet the history
of the times is filled with examples of the State
Legislatures directing, in very minute detail, the
operations of their militia during the war.
Itis almost too much forthe most vigorous imag-
ination to picture to itself a controversy between
one of those ancient Governors and the Legisla-
ture of the State, in maintaining with kingly ob-
stinacy and monarchical strut his exclusive right,
under his title of commander-in-chief, to direct all
the movements of the militia, the kind of arms
they shall use, and ail the modes of annoying the
British and the Indians, and they on their side in-
sisting upon their right to control and supervise
him in those matters. History, I believe, fails to
record any such proceeding; even tradition is si-
lent, and the story books of the past age are bar-
ren of all accounts of any such romantic struggle
between a Governor and a State Legislature—at
least the commendable industry of the Senators
has not as yet produced any evidence, written or
oral, of so remarkable a dispute. The power of
the Legislature in such cases was never called in
question, because no one ever supposed that a
Governor was, by being called the commander-
in-chief, released in any particular or degree from
his ordinary obligation to obey and execute the
orders of the Legislature in reference to the mili-
tary forces of the State, no matter what those orders
might be.
Thus far, in endeavoring to get at the meaning
and the extent of the meaning of the term, I have
confined myself to the practical precedents afforded
by our own history. And these are clear to the
point that no such independent power was ever
implied, or used, or claimed.
Now, if I go a step further and pass out of and
beyond these precedents and our own history for
further aid, I do so with a protest that it is unneces-
sary, and that the American use of the term is the
all-sufficient and conclusive test of its meaning
and of the extent and nature of the functions it
implies.
If we appeal to the established code of war, the
jura belli, as recognized by civilized nations and
taught by the professors of that science, and to
the law of nations, we shall find just as little au-
thority for the assumption.
The power to make war is one of the essential
sovereign powers of every independent nation. It
is in its nature the highest manifestation of sov-
ereignty; it is not of itself sovereignty any more
than the right of self-defense is the soul of an in-
telligent, free man; butit is the means, theinstru-
ment of protecting and preserving the sovereignty.
A nation deprived of th® right or faculty of carry-
ing on war has ceased to be independent. It has
lost its sovereignty, its power of self-protection.
It is conquered, enslaved, and its place is vacant
on the roll of nations. It belongs not to itself, but
to another. The right to carry on war is but the
right of self-protection, springing from nature;
and is as inseparable from an independent nation
as a natural person. Without it, neither could ex-
ist against any degree of destructive force, how-
ever small. Sovereignty is the living body of the
State, endowed with the intellectual and moral
qualities which form its character, and war is the
sword by which it is defended. This sovereignty,
however manifested, whether through a single
ruler or through several persons authorized to ex-
press its will, is the sole and ultimate source of
the laws of the State. All statutes, orders, and
decrees are but emanations from it. It is in its na-
ture nothing else but the law-making, law-giving
power of the community forming the nation, and
all these laws are, in theory at least, made to de-
fine and protect the rights and interests of the com-
munity.
War is waged as an instrumentality to protect
and advance the same interests, and often, indeed,
to enforce such statutes, orders, and decrees.
Hence it is obviously an attribute of the law-mak-
ing power, one 'without which that power is illu-
sory, nugatory. It is the will of the lawgiver that
causes the transition of the nation from a state of
peace to a state of war. That will must necessa-
rily move and, directly or indirectly, control all the
instruments and operations of war. If another
and a different will may do all this, one beyond
the control of the law-making power, then the na-
tion has not the means to defend itself against the
violence that may proceed from that other agent,
whoever or whatever that agent may be, and is at
once enslaved. But it is idle to talk of a war-mak-
ing power independent of the law-making power.
Both are in essence the same—or rather faculties
of the same mind, inseparable from each other,
and constituting the main elements of the sover-
eignty of the State. Says Yattel:
" War cannot be made without soldiers, and it is mani-
fest that whoever has the right to make war has naturally
that also to raise "troops. The light to raise troops pertains
especially to the sovereign, anil is in the number of the
rights of majesty. The power to raise troops, to set an army
on fool, is of too great importance in a State to be confided
to hands otherthnn those oi'thesovereign. Subaltern powers
are not clothed with it. They exercise il only by the order
or the commission of the sovereign."
Again, speaking of the military laws,he says:
"Good order and subordination, everywhere so useful, is
nowhere so necessary as among the troops. The sovereign
ought to determine exactly the functions, tile duties, and the
rights of persons engaged in war—soldiers, officers, chiefs of
corps, generals. H e ought to flx and regulate the authority of
the commanders in all the grades, the penalties attached to
faults, the form of'judgments, &e. The Jasvs and ordinances
wluch concern these different points form the code mil-
itary."
It may be remarked that the great author from
which I quote, published his book almost co-
temporaneously.with the breaking out of our rev-
olutionary war, and that it was at the formation
of the Constitution abook of greater authority in
this country upon the laws of nations than any
other in use; and it is no extravagance to assume
that the framers of the instrument used it as one-
of their text-books. It regards the powers to raise
troops and to make war as sovereign powers of
the State, supreme political powers, so moment-
ous and transcendent in their nature as to be in
the number of the rights of majesty, and not to be
vested in any subordinate branch or department
of the Government. And the author, for irresist-
ible reasons, refers to the same high source of
political power the right to establish the regula-
tions of the army—the military code.
Now, in entire accordance with these principles,
the Constitution, by express terms, gives to Con-
gress, not to the President, the power to involve
the nation in war by a declaration; to them and
not to him the power to raise and support armies;
