26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
and oilier papers, now on the files of the Senate, relating
to the recognition of llayti and Liberia, be taken from the
files, and be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
those papers were not referred to the committee
before; I mean at tiie iast session?
Mr. SUMNER, No, they were not; and I wish
to reach papers thatgo back as faras 1852. Among
these is a very important one, which passed under
the eye of Mr. Webster at the time, coming from
the mercantile interest of New England, strongly
in favor of the recognition, especially, of Hayti.
I wish to have all the papers before the com-
mittee, in order to enter upon the consideration of
the recommendation in the President's message.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
DISTRICT SLAVES.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the followingresolution:
Resolved* That the marshal of the District of Columbia
be directed to inform the Senate by what authority he re-
ceives slaves into the jail of the District at the request of
their masters, and holds them in confinement until dis-
charged by their masters.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say a word before
the passage of the resolution. Visiting the jail
the other day, I found confincd in the prison,
which is overflowing with criminals and fugitive
slaves, slaves of this District, confined there by
their masters and mistresses simply because they
were refractory. There is no order of commit-
ment from any magistrate, but the master or mis-
tress simply directs the keeper of the jail to receive
them, and he does so receive them, and keeps
them until they are discharged by the master or
mistress, they paying the board. I supposed at
first that this might be by some authority of law,
and I supposed it to be bad enough, then, that by
any law or regulation a master or mistress should
send a slave to the jail of this District, and the
jail be made a slave-pen in which to keep refrac-
tory slaves; but upon inquiry, I can find no such
law or authority, though I have caused an exam-
ination to be made for over a century. I am sat-
isfied it is nothing butan abuse, and an enormous
abuse, and it ought to be corrected.
The resolution was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. NESMITH gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the protection of
the overland mails to the Pacific.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 80) to
amend " An act to incorporate the Columbia In-
stitution for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind," and to make appropriations for
the benefit thereof; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
81) to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain,andforotherpurposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 82)
to further promote the efficiency of the Navy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a biii (S. No.
83) relative to courts-martial in the Army; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 84)
to provide for allotment certificates among the
volunteer forces; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
85) to provide for the quieting of certain land
titles in the late disputed territory in the State of
Maine, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred, with the papers
relating to the subject on the files of the Senate,
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 86)
to provide for the granting of pensions and issu-
ing of land warrants to the volunteers, militia, and
regular Army employed in suppressing rebellion
in certain States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask leave, without previous
notice, to introduce a bill relating to the protec-
tion of the public property in this city against fire.
I have been surprised to learn that no provision
whatever has been made for the protection of the
immense amount of property which the Govern-
mentowns in this city—-the navy-yard, this Cap-
itol, and the public buildings at the other end of the
avenue—against fire. It seems to me eminently
proper that some such provision should be made,
and I now ask leave to introduce a bill on'the sub-
ject, which I desire to have referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 87) to provide for the
protection of the public property in the city of
Washington from destruction by fire; and it was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 88) to
restore Lieutenant M. B. Woolsey to the active
service list of the Navy; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
89) to amend the act of .the 3d of March, 1837,
entitled " An act supplementary to the actentitled
i An act to amend the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States;"' which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 90) for
the relief of John H. Rountree; which was read
j twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
r Claims.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
91) authorizing the construction of a horse rail-
road through certain avenues and streets in Wash-
ington and Georgetown; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,"leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 92)
authorizing the appointment of a director general
of ordnance in the Navy, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution, of which no previous
notice has been given, and I desire to have it
considered at once.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 21) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to accept and equip cer-
tain mounted regiments; and it was read twice by
its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider this joint resolution at the present
time
Several Senators. Oh, no; let it be referred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
statement in regard to it; and then, perhaps, there
will be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, the
resolution must either he on the table or be re-
ferred to some appropriate committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire merely to
make a statement, and then I think there will be
no objection to passing the resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection having
been made to the consideration of the resolution,
the statement is out of order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move the reference
! of the joint resolution to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN KENTUCKY AND MISSOURI.
i ^n^iana. I move to take up the
bill (ti. R. No. iO) for the more effectual organ-
ization of the courts of the United States in the
districts of Kentucky and Missouri for the pur-
pose of moving an amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I now offer an amend-
ment to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and to insert a substitute for the whole bill, and
move that the bill, with theamendment,be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
THE SUPREME COURT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further bills forintroduction, the following resolu-
tion, submitted by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] on Wednesday last, is now
before the Senate in order:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judieiaiy be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of
abolishing the present Supreme Court of the United States,
and establishing, instead thereol, another Supreme Court,
in pursuance of the provisions oi the Constitution, which,
in the opinion of Congress, will meet the requirements of
the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if this were a
simple subject of inquiry, and looking to an or-
dinary act of legislation, I would not trouble the
Senate by saying a word; but it looks to a radi-
cal change in our legislation, and one which I
know very well runs counter to the prejudices, if
not the convictions, of several gentlemen, possi-
bly, that are sitting around me.
I know, sir, that a great many people, in their
hearts, read the clause in the Constitution relative
to the judiciary in this way: that the judicial
power of the United States shall be vested in the
Supreme Court. That is the way it is commonly
read and understood; but that is not the way it
reads in the book. The Constitution says:
" The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme Couit''—
It limits Congress from creating more than one—
"and in such inferior courts as the Congress may, from
time to time, ordain and establish."
The supreme judicial court and the inferior
courts, in whom the judicial power is vested, are
all grouped together and qualified to bo such as
Congress shall from time to time establish. I do
not like, sir, to say unpleasant things of anybody
anywhere, but sometimes I have to do so, and I
feel that necessity now. I undertake to say that
the Supreme Court of the United States, as at
present established, has utterly failed. It is bank-
rupt in everything that was intended by the cre-
ation of such a tribunal. It lias lost public con-
fidence; it does not enjoy public respect, and it
ought not. I believe to-day as truly as I stand
here, that if that faction that is now in armed
resistance against this Government were to suc-
ceed, and the Federal flag should be supplanted,
our soldiers now in arms on the soil of Virginia
for Uie maintenance of the Constitution would
be judicially pronounced by this very Supreme
Court trespassers and rioters. That I believe;
and, sir, they are not entirely to blame for it.
The way in which that court has been filled up
from time to time has been such ns tended, if it
was not calculated, to demoralize both them and
the tribunal. Men have not been put there be-
cause they were learned in the law, but because
they were not learned, and were never likely to
be.^ They have been put there as politicians.
This Supreme Court has been a part of the ma-
chinery of the old Democratic party, just as much
as the Baltimore conventions were; and the result
is that it stands to-day before the community
wanting in public confidence.
Such being the case, I ask Congress to look this
thing right in the face, right in the eye, and march
up to their duty and establish a Supreme Court as
the Constitution requires them to do " from time
to time;" yes,sir, "from time to time." I know
this has not been so read by gentlemen. They
have got their notions of the Supreme Court from
the British Constitution. They have inherited
them. My idea is that the time lias come; that
this is one ot the very times the framers of the
Constitution contemplated. One of those times
was at the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
and the other time has now arrived.
I have said that 1 did not want to say any un-
pleasant things; but, sir, I know how this court
has been filled. 1 know how it has been filled in
