1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?
my own circuit. A man was imposed upon us
against all but the unanimous voice of the people.
What was he put there for? The reason avowed ;
for putting him there was that he entertained no- j
tions in accoidance with doctrines that were ob- j
noxious to that whole population. The reason
assigned on this floor for putting him there was
that, upon the questions that were elucidated and
brought out in the Dred Scott decision, he was
known to sympathize with the men who were for
forcing those doctrines upon the country. This
court have not been careful to study and find out
and declare the law; but they have been careful to
declare what was agreeable to the party in power,
and have declared it. The party which was then
in power has gone out of power, and it seems to
me it is not incumbent on us, now that they have
abandoned the ground, to hold up and maintain
what they have built up as the citadel of their
power in our midst, to wit, the present Supreme
Court of the United States.
Having said this much, sir, to vindicate myself,
I trust the Senate will pass the resolution, as it is
simply one of inquiry; and there are certainly as
sound judges on the Judiciary Committee as there
are in the Supreme Court, and agood deal sounder.
A few words more, and I shall sit down. I was
understood, in the few remarks which I made the
other day, us making a personal attack upon all
the magistrates of this city; and one of them called
upon me, and remonstrated against it. I intended
no such thing. I spoke simply of two facts which
had fallen under my cognizance. I am not ac-
quainted with the magistrates of this city. The j
gentleman who called on me is one who is em- ;
ployed by the Government very much, to do its :
business, Mr. Donn,whom I believe to beawor- I
thy and honest man. Everything I have ever j
known or heard of him leads me to that conclu-
sion; and I doubt not there are others of the same
character. Indeed, I would not undertake to say
that there is not a good man 011 the bench of the
Supreme Court. I am far from going to that
extent; and if I was so understood, 1 wish to
make the like modification. I am not fighting
men, but systems, wrongs, outrages that ought
to be ledressed, and which we ought to have the
courage to redress. Whenever this matter comes
up, and we have the question before the Senate,
I hope I shall be able to satisfy the country and
the Senate, and the rest of mankind that takes any
interest in it, that the measure which I invoke is
ill pcrfect accordance with the letter and the spirit
of the Constitution.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, 1 shall vote for
the resolution of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; and I should vote for it very cheerfully
without his remarks—quite as cheerfully as with
tiiem, I confess; although I must add, in this con-
nection, that so far as legislation by Congress is
concerned, except upon the single question which
now absorbs the attention of every thinking man
in this country, I am not disposed to favor it. I
think that the great question before the country
is one to which the attention of this body and of
the other branch of Congress should be directed
almost exclusively; and that any legislation out-
side of that is mistimed, and had better be post-
poned.
And, sir, I must, with entire respect for the
opinions of the Senator from New Hampshire,
take leave to dissent somewhat from the views he
has expressed here. I am not about to say but
that Ins opinions may be right in regard to the
Supreme Court and in regard to our judicial sys-
tem; but I do not think it quite decorous for this
body or its members to bo attacking coordinate
branches of this Government. I think itis better
that we should confine ourselves to our appro-
priate sphere of duty; and if any other officer of
the Government is derelict in duty, and is brought
before us on charges of impeachment, we should
try him without prejudging his case. I do not
believe that we shall reform any existing evil
in the judiciary by making these denunciatory
charges against the judges as men, or against the
system which they, tor the time being,are called
upon to administer.
The Supreme Court, the honorable Senator
says, is bankrupt before the country, has lost the
confidence of the country, and deserves to have
lost it. I must regret the expression ot such opin-
ions here in this body. Granting that it be true
—about which I must take leave to diilcr in opin-
ion from the Senator—what good is to be ac-
complished by making such avowals here; by
spreading over the country such views as that our
judiciary is wholly unworthy the confidcnce of
the people? Suppose the people adopt the opinion,
and it is wide-spread over the land, that the judi-
ciary is wholly unworthy of public confidence—
what is the result? Its judgments, of course,
will be entitled to receive, and will receive no
respect from the people, and they will be very
likely to be disobeyed; and thus judgments of the
highest court, although the Executive is bound
by the Constitution to see them executed, will be
resisted by the people because they come from a
tribunal which is wholly unworthy of public con-
fidence! We shall have anarchy; chaos will have
come again; and that, I apprehend, is not a de-
sirable condition of things.
If the system 011 which our judiciary is based
is a false and improper one, and can be remedied
by legislation, 110 doubt we arc bound to furnish
the remedy; but the evil of which the Senator
complains, if I understand him, is that the judges
of the Supreme Court have been improperly se-
lected. Men, he says, notoriously unfit for their
positions have been appointed. I suppose, Mr.
President, we cannot remedy that by legislation.
He says the Constitution has not been correctly
read, and that members are mistaken in suppos-
ing that we Ccumot abolish the Supreme Court by
legislation. It may be that we can abolish it,
though I doubt it and deny it; however that may
be, I take it to be very clear that we cannot by
legislation change the mode by which the judges
of that court are appointed. They must be nom-
inated by the President of the United States and
confirmed by this body before they can be judges
of that tribunal, and we by legislation can make
110 change of that system. If by legislation we
can get rid of this court and legislate these judges
out of office, a new set of judges will be appointed
in the same manner that the old ones were; and
they will be appointed by a fallible President,
and their confirmation or rejection will be voted
on by a Fallible Senate; and wo shall be subject,
I apprehend, to very much the same evils that we
have been subject to for eighty years past. I
know not why we shall not be subject to thesame
evils, unless human nature, instead of being de-
praved, is all at once reformed, and we, and all
those connected with the appointing power, and
all who may be appointed, have all become pure,
upright, capable, and honorable men, which 1
fear is not quite the case yet, and will not be for
some time to come.
I do not believe, Mr. President, we shall rem-
edy anyexisting evils by denunciations, however
violent; by attempting to shako the confidence of
the people of the country in any department con-
nected with this Government. I think now is the
time of all other times when we should act uni-
tedly, and endeavor, at all events, to strengthen
what is weak and to purify what is corrupt, with-
out putting forth general broadcast denunciations
which tend to destroy all trust and confidcnce be-
tween man and man, so that the moment we ap-
proach any other man we should button up our
coats, for fear that our pockets are going to be
picked. I believe that now is the time for mutual
confidence and mutual respect among the loyal
men of this country, and that we must act uni-
tedly, with energy; have faith in and not distrust
of each other, or our country is on the road to its
ruin, and that a short load.
Now, Mr. President, I would set the example,
so far as my influence in this body is concerned,
of having the Senate keep within its appropriate
sphere of duty, and not attack the judiciary, not
attack the Executive, not attack the other branch
of Congress—attack nobody. They may return
the compliment. The Supreme Court, when they
come to construe the laws of Congress, may re-
turn the compliments which we, as a body, are
passing upon that court,and in giving an opinion
upon a statute of the United States they may say
that Congress is a corrupt body, that its members
were elected by bribery and trickery, and that its
1 legislation was controlled by base, unworthy in-
j iluences, and that its acts, although passed into
' the form of laws, are not worthy of public respect,
j and ought not to receive the sanction of the court
> or of tiic country as public laws. The court, I
] say, may do that in regard to Congress, and pos-
;i sibly with some tiuth, at some time; but would
it be decorous, would it promote the public wel-
fare, would it reform any evil, correct any abuse*?
Would it be wise or desirable to have each de-
partment of the Government attacking and cen-
suring every other department, and thus destroy
the respect and confidence of the people in every
department, one after the other, belonging to our
system of Government? I believe not, Mr. Pres-
ident. I believe in strengthening the things that
remain, and not diminishing the little strength
which may be left. I do not believe this is the
time for radical legislation, in regard to the judi-
ciary or in regard to anything else, but carrying
on the war energetically and vigorously which
we are waging to save our country from destruc-
tion and annihilation. I believe all our energies
should be directed to that end, and I believe any-
thing and everything which serves to distract the
attention of this body or of the country from that
object is mistimed and evil.
I rose, sir, to say this, and having said it, I will
sit down. I do not believe that at this time legis-
lation of the sort contemplated is likely to promote
the public welfare.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
announced that the resolution was agreed to. .
Mr. COLLAMER. I heard no vote in the af-
firmative, and I voted myself in the negative. I
desire that the vote may be taken in some such
way that we may see whether the resolution is
really passed or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair heard
no vote either way, as is the ease on many other
questions; and the Chair heard no call for a di-
vision.
Mr. KING. It is a mere resolution of inquiry,
as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont ask for a division upon adopting
the resolution'
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask to be heard on it for
a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the resolu-
tion will be considered as still before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Gentlemen may initiate
any measure, however radical it may be, by say-
ing it is a mere inquiry. This is a resolution to
direct the Judiciary Committee to inquire into the
expediency of abolishing the Supreme Court. I
can hardly conceive of anything more radical in
the Government than that. As I read the Con-
stitution, itis that the judicial power of the Uni-
ted States shall be vested in one Supreme Court,
and in such inferior tribunals as Congress may,
from time to time, establish. The words " from
time to time" relate to the inferior tribunals en-
tirely. Congress has no power to abolish the
Supreme Court. Vicwing it in that light, I can-
not vote for a resolution directing the Judiciary
Committee to inquire whether we shall abolish it.
Mr. BROWNING. I hope the resolution will
be reported again.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will-
be again read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into tile expediency and propriety of
abolishing the present Supreme Court of the United States,
and establishing instead thereof another Supreme Court in
pui-Mlanee of the provisions of the Constitution, which, in
tiie opinion of Congress, will meet the requirements of the
Constitution.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed the resolution was one directing an inquiry
into the propriety of some change in the circuit
system of the United States, and I had intended ,
thcreforp, to vote for it; but as I now find that it
is confined to an inquiry into the propriety of abol-
ishing the Supreme Court of the United States—
a thing which, in my judgment, is quite beyond
the power of Congress to do—I see 110 good that
can result from sending the inquiry to the Judi-
j cinry Committee.
j The Senator from New Hampshire, who has
| presented the resolution, assumes that all the
,j judicial tribunals of the country stand precisely
h "upon the same basis in the Constitution, and that
11 the power of Congress is equal ill regard to them
|j all. I think lie is mistaken 111 his reudingof the
! Constitution, or at least in his interpretation of
i| it. The Constitution provides that " the judicial
;i power of the United States shall be vested in one
,! Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as the
!i Congress may from time to titueoidainand estab-
