1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
the original affidavit, taken under the circum-
stances, all unbeknown to the sitting Delegate or
anybody else, by an interested party, was, from
the terms of it, utterly unworthy of being made
the basis of any such charge as that made by the
gentleman from Indiana.
The sitting member got up here yesterday and
stated his entire connection with the making of
his certificate. I beg to repeat that the certificate
•was made by Governor Black a month before he
ceased to be Governor; that he carried it in his
pocket almost ail of that month—about twenty
days. I think, to be exact, that it got to be de-
faced before he was ready to deliver it to the sit-
ting Delegate; that he then, when he got ready to
deliver it to him, went into his office in Nebraska
City, and there had a copy made of it by this man,
while he was still Governor. After it was made
out, Governor Black affixed his name to it and took
out of his drawer one of the seals which he kept
ready for use, put it upon the certificate, and de-
livered it to the sitting Delegate. Now, I said here
last July that that was illegal. I said he had no
power to do it, not because he was notGovernor,
but bccause having once given a certificate to one
man it was not in his power to recall it. I said
it in connection with the Oregon case, which was
precisely a parallel case. The Governor had given
the now sitting member a certificate of election to
this Congress; he then gave to the then sitting
member a certificate of election to the same Con-
gress from the same State of Oregon, the law al-
lowing but one member from that State; and when
they came here the same Clerk who placed the
name of the sitting Delegate from Nebraska on the
roll, by virtue of a subsequent certificate put the
name of Mr. Thayer upon the roll as the member
from Oregon. I got up here in the House when
the matter of the Oregon case was pending, and
said, so far as I can remember—for I have not
seen the Globe since that time—that it was not in
the power of the Governor of Oregon, having once
given his certificate to one man, to recall it and
give it to another. I certainly did it by my vote,
and I am very confident I did it by my speech.
"When, in the July session, the case of the Ne-
braska contest came up, I called the attention of
the House to the Oregon case, and the fact that
they were precisely alike. I tried to show the
House that they were precisely alike. A distin-
guished gentleman from Illinois, not now in his
seat, catechized me upon the subject. He asked
me whether I believed, as a lawyer, that the Gov-
ernor of Nebraska had a right to give a new cer-
tificate; and, if I remember correctly, I told him
I did not. When it came to the vote, I voted ac-
cording to my convictions that it was an illegal
certificate. It was not a forgery unless Governor
Black had ceased to be Governor of the Territory.
If he had ceased to be Governor he had no right
to put his name to the paper as Governor of the
Territory. Still, in that event, it would be a nul-
lity; it would not be a forgery.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope it is not disagree-
able to the gentleman from Massachusetts to be
interrupted. If it is, I hope he will indicate it.
I wish to say that I am astonished at the state-
ment he has made in reference to what he calls a
counter-affidavit of this man, A. W. Pentland.
Let me call his attention to the original affidavit,
in which he says that this certificate was issued
after Colonel Black had ceased to be Governor,
and after his successor had been appointed and
qualified. I say I hold that affidavit in my hand,
and I am astonished to hear the gentleman say
that he has in his possession another affidavit
from the same party, setting forth a different state
of facts. Did I understand him correctly that he
had such a paper?
Mr. DAWES. I have the paper, which I will
send up and have read, with the accompanying
note from the contestant.
Mr. VOORHEES. I should like to hear the
affidavit. I know nothing about the letter, and
object to that being read.
Mr. DAWES. It is made a part of the affi-
davit.
The Clerk read the affidavit, as follows:
District of Columbia, City of Washington, ss:
I, Andrew W. Pentland, lormerly a resident ot Nebraska
City, Nebuska Tmitory, and now temporarily residing in
Washington Citv, D. C., being duly svvoin, do say, that on
the 4Ui day of March la^t, at the urgent solicitation of J.
Sterling Morton, T signed an affidavit concerning my copy-
ing a certificate of election forGovernor Samuel W. Black,
declaring Hon. S. G. Daily the Delegate from Nebraska
Tenitory. Xn this affidavit I stated my willingness to ap-
pear before the Committee of Elections and testify, as I
was Informed by Mr. Moiton that I would be called upon
to do s*o; and I did attend th   room of the committee twice
for that purpose, but was not called on to give testimony.
Since then my attention has been called to the affidavit as
published in the views of the minority of the Committee of
Elections; and I consider it my duty, in justice to myself
and to all whom it may concern, to state more fully the
paiticulars concerning my copying said certificate, and pre-
vent the possibility ot a misconstruction of my moaning. I
said, in my affidavit of the 4th of March, that I copied said
certificate some time in May last, after he (Black) had been
removed fiom the Govemotship of Nebraska, and Alvin
Saunders had been appointed. I*am now quite certain that
it was on the 9th day of May, 1861, four days before Gov-
ernor Black removed from the Territory. But by saying
that it was after lie had been removed from the Governor-
ship of Nebiaska, I did uot mean to be understood that he
was not then the Governor, for J am certain he was; i only
intended to sscty that It was after his removal so far as the
appointment of Governor Saunders removodhim; hut he
was the Governor up to the time he left the Territory, as
Governor Saunders had not yet been qualified, nor entered
upon the duties of his office—m fact, I think he arrived at
Omaha on the 12th, and Black left on the 13th of May. The
original of the certificate was in Governor Black's hand-
writing, and was not very legible, and the paper was rum-
pled. J put the same date in the copy was in the ori-
ginal, and placed a green wafer on it that had been under
the seal. GovernorBlackhadsuch wafers in his possession,
and used them when necessary to facilitate business, a> his
residence was fifty miles from Omaha City, the capital of
the Territory. 1 have not now the least doubt that said
certificate ot election was made and delivered by Governor
Black in good faitii in his official capacity. Appended to
this is a copy of a letter written to me by Mr. Morion at the
time he solicited me to give him the affidavit. After f
signed the affidavit for Mi.'Moiton, which was done with-
out much reflection, I became solicitous lest its language
was such as would admit of a different meaning than what
Tintended and what was true, and on seveial different oc-
casions I asked him to give it back to me, or let me see it;
but he made excuses that he did not have if, and that it
would never be used. A. W. PENTLAND.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 00th day of April,
- , A. D 1862. JOHN S. IIOLLINGSIIEAD,
I1" Notary Public.
[Copy referred to.]
House, Washington, March 4,1862.
Dear Sin.: Please come to my room at once, and oblige
me. I will reciprocate fully and fairly, as I can show you.
Do not fail to come, and that, ton, immediately.
I am truly, yours, J. STERLING MORTON.
A. W. Pentland, Esq.
P. S. Either answer or come with bearer. J. S. M.
Mr. VOORHEES. I still insistupon my point.
Here is a clear, distinct, explicit affidavit stating
that this certificate was made after the expiration
of the term of office of Governor Black, and after
his successor had arrived and been qualified. In
connection with that I call public attention to the
fact, that after this affidavit was made this man
Pentland n ceived an appointment to a clerkship
in the General Land Office, upon the recommend-
ation of the sitting Delegate from Nebraska.
Then, in connection with this latter circumstance,
I ask attention to the fact that another affidavit
appears from him nullifyinghisformer statement.
I leave it to any candid man to draw his own con-
clusions.
Mr. DAILY. In reply to the statement of the
gentleman from Indiana 1 desire to make this ex-
planation, and I am glad my attention has been
called to the matter, for I intended to make an al-
lusion to it. If anybody will read these two affi-
davits they will see that this certificate was given
after Governor Black had been removed and Mr.
Saunders appointed. That is in substance what
he says. But his statement is brought here and
the construction sought to be given toitas though
Governor Black had ceased to act in his official
capacity. Why, sir, Mr. Saunders wasappointed
on the 2d of April, yet Colonel Black was Gov-
ernor until the very day he left the Territoiy.
I now desire to say in reference to the appoint-
ment of Mr. Pentland to a clerkship, that long be-
fore the 4th of March he had received letters from
the Governor of Pennsylvania, from the Senators
of that State, and from various influential persons
in Nebraska Territory, and from the fact that he
was a resident of that Territory, I recommended
his appointment.
Mr. VOORHEES. One word.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. DAILY. I desire to say one word in ex-
planation.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as public atten-
tion is being called to several things, I also want
to call the public attention to the fact that the note
.of invitation to this man Pentland, to come and
sign the affidavit already drawn fdr him, contains
this pregnant suggestion 
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman does not
want to do a wrong?
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield to anybody. I
want to call public attention to the fact that the
note of invitation on the f>art of the contestant to
this affiant, to come and sign the affidavit already
prepared for him, contains this pregnant sugges-
tion, " I will reciprocate fully and fairly, as 1 can
show you. Do not fail to come, and that, too', im-
mediately." I do not know what it means.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope the gentleman will
not do an injustice to an honest man.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man, but I will yield to the contestant.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will let me say a word.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man, but I will yield to the contestant.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to correct any impres-
sion that the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions may have made in reference to the meaning
of that note. I have to state that that note was
written to him as it would have been written to
any one else, who, under the circumstances, could
help me in the case; and I wish to state further
that the affidavit was not then prepared and ready
for him to sign, but that he himself, in the pres-
ence of the gentleman from Illinois and myself,
wrote that affidavit out in my room, of his own
free will and accord, and that he offered to put in
other matters about a horse and buggy, &c.; but
the gentleman from Illinois said it ought not to go
in;itwastoo bad to publish. If I had approached
this man Pentland corruptly, with money, or in
an effort to bribe him, 1 should not have done
so openly over my own signature, and he would
certainly have put it in his affidavit if I had. As
I was astounded ^nd somewhat nonplussed by the
charge, or, rather, by the intimation, that I was
a disloyal citizen of the United States, I may have
treated the matter rather'too seriously, and, from
the jocularly pious remark of the sitting Delegate,
relative to my closing with prayer, I presume I
did. I will state now that this charge of disloy-
alty reminds me of the practice of a quack doctor
of medicine, who, whenever he found a patient
whose disease baffled either his knowledge or
skill, was in the habit of trying to throw his un-
happy subject into fits, saying that if he could
only succeed in producing them he might save
him, forhis practice on fits was teiribly effective;
so now, many quack doctors in politics, when
they meet with an argument frotY| an opponent
which they are unable to answer, endeavor at
once to throw their subject into " treason" or
" disloyalty," for upon tfiis disease their practice
is considered by themselves fearfully successful.
Perhaps my name may be added to the long list
of unfortunates who have been doctored for this
assumed disorder.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for any expla-
nation on that point. I produced this affidavit to
show that affidavits are good fornothing. I stated
that counter affidavits could be obtained, and I
have shown how it is the basis,for this charge.
The gentleman from Indiana says that fraud taints
everything. Here is the undeniable and incon-
trovertible fraud of 122 votes foisted on this case
in the beginning before the case was made up.
Where is the gentleman's indignation about that
fraud ? He says that when fraud is discovered,
it ought to run through and taint the whole case.
Here is a fraud as bold and naked as the sun, and
there is nothing but quibbles to show that it is not
a fraud. If fraud then attaches to the whole case,
this fraud must destroy the entire case for the con-
testant. I see that the House is impatient, and l
now yield, that the vote may be taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the whole
subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will not the effect
of that motion be to retain the sitting Delegate in
his seat ?
The SPEAKER. That is not for the Chair to
decide.
Mr. WASHRURNE. Everybody knows that
if my motion be carried, the sitting Delegate will
retain his seat.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricl), Alley. Babbitt, Baker, Blng-
