1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
States affirmed the decision so far as it confirmed
their grants, but set aside the order for locating
their land grants elsewhere, and they came to Con-
gress for it. .With these facts, a report has been
made in their favor, and it has the recommendation
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
as well as thejudgment of the Supreme Court. The
Government have sold these lands- and received
the money for them nearly forty years ago; and
this bill simply gives them other land without
interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. My question has not been
answered. For how much did the Government
sell the lands to individuals?
Mr. HALE. That I cannot say.
Mr. HARLAN. We are not informed on that
point. . I will ask the Secretary to read the letter
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Nearly all these lands were sold for money; but
the land named will cover a part of a school
section, I think. The residue was all sold for
money.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not yet understand it.
If the Government of the United States sold the
lands of private individuals, I acknowledge the
duty of the Government to reimburse that money;
but lands in Louisiana ought not to be exchanged
for lands in the western country. Public lands in
Louisiana would not be worth ten cents an acre.
Probably they were granted as swamp lands, or
were given to the State. Now, to give valuable
lands in the western country, worth $1 25 an acre,
for those lands, would be a very bad bargain. I
think it would be far better to leave these claim-
ants to pursue their legal remedies at law. If they
have a valid title by a valid grant of the govern-
ment ofLouisiana before the United Statesacquired
possession of it, they can hold that land agamstany
title acquired under a patent of the United States.
The Supreme Court will so decide, and they have
so decided. Whatequity is there then in the Gov-
ernment of the United States giving them other
lands, probably many times more valuable, for
what they can hold under their title ? I do not see
any equity in it.
Mr. HARLAN. Suit was brought to recover
these claims under a law of Congress originally
passed in 1824, which included the States of Mis-
souri and Arkansas. It, however, was levived in
1844, and made to extend to the State of Louis-
iana. This law provided that the claimants might
bring suits against the United States in the district
court of the United States within the district
named. These parties brought their suits in the
district court of the United States in Louisiana.
The court decided in favor of the claimants, and
awarded them in the decree an amount of land or
land scrip equal to the amount sold and disposed
of by the United States within the limits of the
grant covered by the decree. The United States
took an appeal to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted Slates, and there the validity of the grant was
confirmed; but the Supreme Court of tile United
States reversed that part of the decision of the dis-
trict court of Louisiana which allowed them land
scrip for the number of acres of land sold, and on
this ground: the claimants had not made the par-
ties who purchased of the United States parties to
the suit. Had they been made parties to the suit
when the suit was brought in the district court in
Louisiana, the land scrip would then have been
awarded; but as the claimants had omitted to make
them parties to the suit, the Supreme Court of the
United States reversed that part of the decree.
The committee could see no reason why these in-
dividuals should be deprived of the amount of land
sold by the United States that had been included
within the grant for neglecting to make these m-
dh iduals parties to the suit, when there is no ques-
tion but they bought the lands of the United States
and paid for them, as the records of the General
Land Office show. The letter of the Commissioner
among the papers will allow the exact number of
acres that lias been disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the title of the
bill? I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary. A bill authorizing floats to
issue in satisfaction of claims against the United
States for lands sold by them within the Las Or-
miga.s and La Nana grants, in the State of Louis-
iana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have that
bill lie over. T-heie has been so much loss in
these private land claims in Louisiana and that
section that they want a very careful looking after.
Does it come from a committee ?
Mr. HARLAN. The House committee has
examined it. I will ask the Senator from Maine
if he will not hear the report of the House com-
mittee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the bill authorizing floats to issue in satisfaction
of claims againf-t the United States lor lands sold by them
within the Las Ormigas and La Nana grants, in the State
of Louisiana, respectfully report:
That from an examination of the facts in the case, it ap-
pears that these two grants were made by Spam prior to the
treaty of 1803, under which Louisiana was acquired.
That both were made as vacheries.or stock ranges. That
immediate possession was taken by the grantors, and have
continued by them and their assignees to the present time.
That in the year 1844 an act was passed by Congress re-
viving the act passed for Missouri in 1824, and applyingits
piovitions to the State of Louisiana.
That the claimants to these two tracts of land instituted
suits against the United States in the district court of the
United States for the district of Louisiana, and recovered
the same by the judgment of that court. That from tins
judgment the United States appealed to the Supreme Court
ot the United States, and that tins court affirmed the decis-
ion of the district court, whereby the claimants became
entitled to the land covered by said two grants.
That in the mean time the United States had sold, do-
nated, and gianted some of these lands.
The bill provides for the issuing of certificates or floats
fy the Commissioner of the General Land Office to the
claimants and theirJegal repiesemauves, authorizing them
to locate an equal quantity of land on any land belonging
to the Umied Slate:- subject to piivate entiy5at a price not
exceeding $1 25 per acre, for the land so sold, donated, or
granted, in full &.<uisiaction of all theii damages.
This provi>ion, in the opinion of your committee, is in
accordance with the uniform practice of this Government
in such cases, and m accordance with the principles of
justice and equity, and your committee therefore respect-
fully recommend the pas?^age of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There have been several
of these claims from Louisiana, and I should like
to inquire why the relocation, if I may so call it,
is not confined to the State of Louisiana? The
United States own lands 111 Louisiana, and let
the claimant locate there on any lands of the Uni-
ted States.
Another suggestion: this bill came from the
Committee on Private Land Claims of the House
of Representatives. It strikes me that is the ap-
propriate commit'tec to investigate matters of this
soit. Why did it not go to the Committee on
Private Land Claims of the Senate? It is pecu-
liarly a private land claim, and has nothing to do
with the Committee on Public Lands at all that I
can perceive.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot answer the latter
question. All I know is it was sent by the Sec-
retary of the Senate to the Committee on Public
Lands. We found it among the business thus re-
ferred to the committee, and have acted on it. I
suppose it went there on. the motion of some in-
dividual, or perhaps by suggestion of the Pres-
ident of the Senate. In answer to the first ques-
tion in relation to the location of the lands within
the State of Louisiana, I will remark to the Sen-
ator that that would defer the possibility of allow-
ing these parties just remuneration for the lands
sold by the United States. The land offices in that
State have long since been closed on account of
the rebellion which now exists. I suppose I may
state in addition, that these parties have been de-
ferred for over twenty years; so that the lands
within thatState—those thatarenow vacant—have
depreciated very greatly in value, and not in con-
sequence of the laches of the claimants. They
have been prosecuting their rights in the courts of
the United States until they have finally secured
a decree or decision in the court of the last resort;
and this has consumed,! think, some twenty years.
It seemed to the committee that it would be unjust
to refer them back to the State of Louisiana, in
which all the valuable lands have in the mean time
been sold by the Governmentof the Unitedfctates,
and also in'which State the land offices have been
closed by order of the Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where do these parties
reside ?
Mr. HALE. In New Yoik.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the amount, I
will inquire?
Mr.-HA.LE. Seventeen thousand acres.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should rather it would
he over. I am not satisfied about it at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF PKOPEKTY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill to encourage enlistments in the
regular Army of the United States, and for other
purposes, which was under consideration yester-.
day morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
havingexpired, the special orderof the day, whicji
is Senate bill No. 151, to confiscate tb'e property
and free the slaves of rebels, is now before the
Senate; and upon that question the Senator from
California [Mr. McDodgali,] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. McDOUGALLconcluded his speech on the
subject. [His speech complete will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I agree with
the honorable Senator from California, and look
upon the bill now under consideration as the most
important, by far, upon our Calendar, involving
the gravest questions and most momentous issues.
If it passes, I think it will be the great historic
event of the times—times which are as fruitful of
events as any the world has ever witnessed. Upon
the disposition we may make of it, perhaps the
fate of the American Republic may depend; and
no one surely can overrate the magnitude of any-
thing hich may be attended with such conse-
quences.
We are standing now squarely face to face with
questions of most pregnant significance. Shall we
stand or fall by the Constitution, or shall we leave
it and adventure ourselves upon the wide sea of
revolution > Shall we attempt to liberate the slaves
of the people of the rebellious States, or shall we
leave them to regulate their domestic institutions
the same as before the rebellion ? Shall we go
back to the doctrine of forfeitures which marked
the middle ages, and introduce feuds which inter-
vening centuries have not yet sufficed to quiet?
These are great questions, and they are in this
bill, every one of them.
If, for one moment, we can suppose the scheme
consummated which it contemplates, we shall
have the following results:
I suppose it is reasonable and moderate to esti-
mate the number of people engaged in the rebel-
lion to be equal to one half of the whole white
population ot theconfederateStates—say four mil-
lions. If so, this bill proposes, at a single stroke,
to strip all this vast number of people of all their
property, real, personal, and mixed, of every kind
whatsoever, and reduce them at once to absolute
poverty; and that, too, at a time when we are at
war with them, when they have arms in their
hands, with four hundred thousand of them in the
field opposing us desperately.
Now, sir, it does seem to me that if there was
anything in the world calculated to make thatfour
millions of people and their fourhundred thousand
soldiers in the field now and forever hostile to us
and ourGovernment, it would be the promulgation
ofalaw such as this. Will they yield to us sooner
in view of such a result to them? What would
we be likely to do if they were to threaten us with
a similar law ? Would we ever, under any cir-
cumstances, yield on terms like those? I need
hardly ask that question to men descended from
sires who refused to pay the tax on teas, and from
grandsires who rose in rebellion and overturned
i a monarchy rather than pay twenty shillings ship
I money—for that, 1 believe, was the sum demanded
from Hampden,and which cost Charles I his head.
Again: the forfeitures of William the Conqueror,
decreed upon the property of the Saxons who fol-
lowed Harold to the field of Hastings, sink into
utter insignificance compared with those enacteu
m the bill before us. The proud Norman and his
rapacious barons were content with the rustles and
fiefs of the Saxon leaders whom they had over-
come; but they did not dare to strip the people,
or indeed, even much to increase their burdens.
They knew, victorious and all as they were, that
would have involved them in a new and far more
dangerous struggle, in which every peasan t would
have been a principal combatant, with his all at
stake.
Neither did the English conquerors of Ireland,
, 111 their long series of forfeitures and confiscations,
i from the time of Strongbowdowntothe rebellion
