2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
ham, Samuel S. Clair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Cham-
berlin, Colfax. Covode,Uutier, Davis, Dawes, Duel I, Dunn,
Edserton, Eliot, Feuton, Fb-lier, Fianfc, Gooeh, Goodwin,
Gurley, Hale, Hanehett, Harrison, Hooper, Hutchms, Ju-
lian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
pherson, Menzies, Miteliell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrtll,
Justin S. Morrill, Pike, Porier, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Riddle, Edward H.Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Sbella-
barger, Stevens, Trimble, Trowbridge, Vandever, Van
Horn, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W.Walton, Wash-
bntne, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Worces-
^NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Baily, Tliddle, George
H. Browne, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling. Cox, Delano,
Dunlap, English, Grider. Haight, Harding, Holman, John-
son, Kerrigan, Killinger,' Knapp, Law, Mallory, May, Mor-
ris, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Richardson, Robinson, Shef-
field, Sliiel, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Train, Vallandighain, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Ward, Wickliffe, and Wood—38.
So the motion to lay the whole subject on the
table was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING said: My col-
league, Mr. Corning, has been called away by
painful tidings from home, and I have agreed to
pair with him on this question.
Mr. MALLORY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Crittenden, was paired with Mr. McKnigiit.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Granger, was obliged to leave the House
on account of indisposition.
Mr. RIDDLE stated that Mr. Ouswaa paired
with Mr. VlBBARD.
Mr. NIXON stated that he was paired with Mr.
Perry.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Patton, was detained from the House by
illness.
Mr. ALLEN stated that he was paired with
Mr. Hickman, and that he would have voted for
the contestant, while Mr. Hickman would have
voted for the sitting Delegate.
The vote was then announced as above rccordcd.
Mr. WASIIBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the whole subject was laid upon
the table; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at half
past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 8, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDCIE HUMPHREYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
presents to the Senate the following resolution
from the House of Representatives:
"In House of Representatives, May 6,1863.
" On motion of Mr. Bingham, from the Committee on the
Judiciary,
"Resolved, That a committee of two be appointed to go to
the Senate, and at the bar thereof, in (lie name of the House
of Representatives and of all the people of the United States,
to impeach West 11. Humphreys,judge of the district court
of the United States for the ueveral distiicts ofTennessee,
of high crimes and misdemeanors, and to acquaint the Sen-
ate that tlie House of Representatives will in due time ex-
hibit particular articles of impeachment against him, and
make good the same, and that the committee do demand
that the Senate take order for the appearance of said West
II. Humphreys to answer said impeachment.
" The Speakei,in accordance with the foregoing resolu-
tion, appointed Mr. John A. Binohak and Mr. Georoe H.
Pendleton the said committee."
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the subject be re-
ferred to a select committee of three to examine
and report on the subject, to be appointed by the
Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
appoints Mr. Foster, Mr. Doolittle, and Mr.
Davis as the committee; and the resolution of
the House is referred to that committee.
PORT 01? ENTltY IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethekidge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 460) to es-
tablish a port of entry in the collection district of
Beaufort, in South Carolina; in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to pass that bill now. The
Committee on Commerce have had a copy of the
bill before them, and examined it. It is a very
important bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the bill
read, to know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
for information.
The Secretary read the bill, which establishes
port of entry and delivery in the collection dis-
trict of Beaufort, in the State of South Carolina,
at or near Hilton Head, to be called the port of
Port Royal, to be subject to the same regulations
and restrictions as other ports of entry and deliv-
ery in the United States, and authorizes the ap-
pointment of a collector of the customs to reside
at the port, who is to receive a salary of $1,500 per
annum. Power is also given to the Secretary of
the Treasury to appoint, on the nomination of the
collector, such inspectors, weighers,gaugers, and
other officers as may be necessary for the collec-
tion of the revenue at the port, whose compensa-
tion is not to exceed the rates allowed to similar
officers at other ports of entry and delivery in the
United States.
There being no objection, the bill was read three
times, and passed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present a petition bearing
the signature of General Franz Sigel and all of
the officers of bis staff who are of German birth,
and many of the aldermen and other public offi-
cers of the city of St. Louis, expressing their ap-
probation of the proposition toestablish a German
professorship in the Military Academy at West
Point, and praying for the immediate passage pf
the bill; and that Dr. Reinhold Solger, of the city
of New York, be appointed to that office. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Buenn Vista, Clinton county, Iowa; a peti-
tion of citizens of Auburn, Fayette county, Iowa;
and a petition of citizens of Granville, Mahaska
county, Iowa, praying for the construction of a
ship canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi river; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions from citi-
zens of Butler county, Ohio, praying for the con-
fiscation of the property of traitors, and that the
proceeds may be applied to the payment of the
expenses of the war; which were referred to the
select committee on the confiscation bill.
Mr. COLLAMER presented a petition from
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that Congress
may drop the negro question, and attend to the
business of the country; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a petition of eight
or ten prominent citizens of the State of Florida,
praying for the adoption of a confiscation bill.
The petitioners are gentlemen of wealth, who are
well known to the people of Florida, but who
are at present in this city. I move that it be re-
ferred to the special committee on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I present
two petitions from citizens of Massachusetts.
They do not ask us " to drop the negro question
and attend to business," but remonstrate against
the action of the Board of Trade of Boston and
the Chamber of Commerce of New York in favor
of what is understood to be Mr. Bigelow's plan
of taxation. One of these petitions is signed by
Callender & Learnnrd and others, merchants of
Boston, and the other by A. A. Jacobs and others,
merchants of Boston. As the committee have re-
ported on the subject, I move that the petitions be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS 1'ItOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the es-
tablishment (if a port of entry at La Crosse, in
that State, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the biil (H. 11.
No. 393) making further appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1SS3, ami additional appro-
priations for the year ending 30th of June, 1862,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 403) to amend
an actentitled " An act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue certificates of indebted-
ness to public creditors,'' approved March 1,1862,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 70) for the more effectual organization of the
courts of the United States in the districts of Ken-
tucky and Missouri, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred two memorials of citizens of St.
Louis, remonstrating against the abolishment of
the United States court for the eastern district of
Missouri, and resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky, concerning the Federal courts for the
district of Kentucky, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I am also directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 258) to regulate the time of
holding the courts of the United States for the
district of Kentucky, and for other purposes, to
report the same back, with a recommendation that
it do pass. I would ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill now. It is a mere
local matter, and will take but a moment.
Mr. COLLAMER,. I will inquire of the gen-
tleman if he will not allow us to get through with
the morning business first.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will indulge
me in this. It is the first time that I have asked
such a favor of the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I will say that although that
bill comes from the Judiciary Committee, it is by
no means a unanimous report. I do not propose
to oppose its consideration now; but there was
opposition to it in the committee, and it is by no
means the unanimous judgment of the commit-
tco.
Mr. POWELL. Do I understand the Senator
from Connecticut to object?
Mr. FOSTER. I do not object. I merely state
the fact.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
bo read for information, if no objection be inter-
posed.
Mr. KING. I do not see the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee present. My impression is,
he had somethingto say on this subject before. I
think it had bettor go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
CLAIM OF CARMICK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. COLLAMER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General inform the Senate
of the nature, amount, and condition of the claim of Car-
mick & Ramsey on his Department.
REGIMENTAL COLORS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That in the efforts now making for the restora-
tion of the Union, and the establishment of pcace through-
ou t the country, it is inexpedient that tho names of the vic-
tories obtained over our own fellow-citizens should be
placed on the regimental colors of the United States.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 305)
to abolish the office of marshal in the District of
Columbia, and creating the office of sheriff of the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
BATTLE OF PITTSBURG LANDING.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submitted a resolution the
other day calling for certain information in regard
to the battle of Pittsburg Landing. I should like
to have that resolution taken up now and assigned
for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, at which
time I desire to make a few remarks in regard
to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not objcct to the
assignment; but i wish to notify my friend from
Ohio, that if certain gentlemen who are now
