2970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
disband armies after they are raised, and to that
extent it can control the Commander-in-Chief, and
to no other extent than the extent that the Con-
stitution has authorized it to control him.
I read from the Federalist when X had the honor
of addressing the Senate a day or two since, for
the purpose of showing the understanding of the
great statesmen who were instrumental in malting
the Constitution and commending it to the accept-
ance of the people for the limitation of powers
that there was upon every department of the Gov-
ernment, and the distribution of powers that was
to every department of the Government. I will
not detain the Senate by repeating what I then
read. I read from Mr. Madison what was uttered
by him long after the Constitution was made, for
the purpose of showing to the Senate what his
understanding was of the appropriate powers of
Congress and the President in relationto the Army
of the United Slates; and all the arguments that
have been made upon this subject this morning,
and all the denunciations that have been fiercely
hurled at me, have been directed against the doc-
trines of the great fathers of the Constitution, and
against no new evangely of mine. I-Icrc is what
Mr.Madison said; here is the doctrine which gen-
tlemen expend their ingenuity and their strength
in denouncing:
tl He thought that it was a wise principle in the Consti-
tution to make one branch of the Government raise an army
and another to conduct it. If the Legislature had the powi:r
to conduct an army, they might embody it for that end On
the other hand, iftlie Presldentwas empowered to raise an
array, as he is to direct its motions when raised, lie might
wish to assemble it for the sake of ihc influence to lie
aeqnheti by the command. The Constitution lias wisely
guarded against the danger on either side.''—<1 Elliot's De-
bates, p. 4-H.
How, sir? By making one department of the
Government raise an army and another conduct
all its movements after it was raised; and yet for
venturing to read in the Chamber of the Ameiican
Senate these wise and noble words of the father of
the Constitution, 1 am to be subjected to the de-
nunciations that have been hurled at me this morn-
ing. Why do not gentlemen assail those who made
the Constitution and who expounded it, and not
seek to shield themselves by an attack on so hum-
ble an individual as I am.
The Senator from Michigan is very much more
explicit in his response to a question I asked of
the Senator from Massachusetts, than the Senator
from Massachusetts himself was. I asked him
whether, in his opinion, when he asserted that
Congress was clothed with all the powers of war,
the command of the Army was one of those pow-
ers—the command of the Army in its active opera-
tions in the field—mill whether, in his opinion,
Congress could assume that command, and con-
trol and direct the movements of the Army. The
Senator gave me no answer, except to say that
that was an impossibility, and that ho did not
mean impossibilities. The Senator from Michi-
gan does not content himself with that answer,
but meets the question in the most direct and
manly terms, and he asserts boldly that Congress
may, if it so chooses, direct when the Army shall
advance, and when not; what expeditions it shall
undertake, and what not; when it shall attack,
and when retreat; and control all its movements,
all its operations. I like a man to come out boldly
and avow what he means, mid I want, no other
answer to that than the Senator's own speech.
Let the doctrine go to tlie freemen of tins nation,
and let them pronounce in judgment upon it; and
let them understand that this is said in the very
teetb'of the exposition of the Constitution by Mr.
Madison, who declared that it was a wise prin-
ciple which made one department of the Govern-
ment raise an army, and another conduct its move-
ments. Why, sir, where are the departments of
this Government? According to this doctrine they
are all swallowed up, they are all ingulfed in the
great maelstrom of legislative power that is now
claimed. If this bo true, if they may displace the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army—for if Con-
gress can do what the Senator claims it can do,
the President is not Commander-in-Chief—it is
an abuse of the term to say that he is Commander-
in-Chief if all his directions may be overruled by
Congress 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to put to him a single question'
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I think before we go any
further with this discussion, it is due from the
Senator from Illinois to give the Senator or us
gentlemen on this side of the Chamber his defini-
tion of the phrase " commander-in-chief," and
what power it does actually include within its
meaning. Then we shall know what we are talk-
ing about.
Mr. BROWNING. I undertook to do that
when I addressed the Senate the day before yes-
terday, and no doubt I did it in a very bungling
and obscure way. I can repeat in a very few
wordsmy viewofthe subject. By "Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy," I understand
that authority which is to control all the active
movements and operations of the Army and Navy
in the prosecution of war, after the Army and
Navy shall have been raised; and I understand
that when the President is made Commander-in-
Chief he is necessarily clothe* by the Constitu-
tion that invests him with that character with all
powers, however great or however minute, that
are necessary to the full execution of his office of
Commander-in-Chief.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator go further,
and include in his definition this: that in the
performance of these functions of which he has
spoken, the President is absolutely independent
of the power of congressional legislation. That
is the point to which I desire to call the Senator's
attention.
Mr. BROWNING. I will answer that. He is
independent of the Congress of the United States,
and as much independent of the Congress of the
United States as he is independent of a constable
in the gentleman's town, only in so far as the
Constitution has given Congress control over him,
and that control is 
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; then, has the Con-
stitution given Congress any control over him,
and if it has given Congress any control, what is
that control? Where is the clause in which the
Senator from Illinois finds that control expressed
or indicated ?
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, gentlemen
must listen <rery rarely to what I say, or I must
express myself in the most ambiguous and un-
satisfactory terms imaginable, or they cannot be
very willing to understand me.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite willing to under-
stand you.
Mr. BROWNING. I said in the very begin-
ning of the few remarks I have now submitted
that Congress had an absolute control over the
Presidentin his conduct of the Army, in this: that
it was the function of Congress, and of Congress
alone, to raise and support armies; that Congress
might refuse to raise an army, in that event, the
President would have none to conduct, none to
command. It might refuse to support an army
after it was raised; and his command would be
merely nominal, because the Army must fall to
pieces. It might disband the Army after it was
raised; and by any one of these acts it may ex-
ercise its constitutional and unlimited control over
the President and the Army. But, sir, when the
Army is raised, when the Army is supported,
when it is armed, when we are engaged in war, and
it is in the field marshaled for the"strife,Ideny that
Congress, any more than the humblest individual
in the Republic, has any power to say to the Presi-
dent, do this or do that; march here or march there;
attack that town or attack this town; advance to-
day and retreat to-morrow; give up a city to be
sackcd and burned; shoot your prisoners. Con-
gress has no more power to do that than the hum-
blest individual on this continent has to do it.
And, sir, I beg leave to say that, in my humble
judgment, those who advocate this doctrine and
denounce all who oppose it are the advocates of
odious, unlimited, and illimitable despotism and
tyranny. There is no such despotism on earth as
the despotism of a legislative body.
The Senator asks me, as if I had contended for
it, whether the President may say to Congress,
t( I will not use rilled cannon; 1 will notuseSharpe's
rides; I will not use improved muskets and bay-
onets; I will compel my soldiers to fight with old
flint-lock muskets, that will do as much injury to
the men who fire them as to those they are fired
at." He asks me if I contended for that, as if I
had given utterance to such sentiments on this
floor; for if he did not understand me as contend-
ing for such a thing, why ask me the question?
Now, sir, let me ask the Senator, does he contend
that Congress may to-day pass a la w, issue its man-
date to the President, telling him to cast into the
river all the cannons he has; all the Minie rifles he
has;alithemusketsgnd bayonets he has;andarm
his men with corn-stalks, and march to the assault
of Richmond ? Does the Senator contend that Con-
gress can do that? I apprehend not. I should not
have insulted his sense by asking such a question,
if it were not appropriate to ask it in response to
the one he put to me.
The Senator admonishes me to prepare to an-
swer my constituents. Mr. President, there are
few men who set more value upon the approval
of their constituents and of the public than I do.
I go to that tribunal bearing my record with me,
without one fear of the consequences that are to
ensue to me. But, sir, I desire to say, that anxious
as I am for the approval of the American public,
there is no amount of popular clamor, there is no
amount of incensed prejudice, poured upon me in
what torrents it may be, that can or shall control
my judgment of my dutyunder the Constitution,
nor swerve me the hundredth part of a hair's
breadth from the faithful performance of that duty.
If all the people on the American continent should
urge upon me to do an act or give a vote which,
in my conscience and in my judgment I believed
a violation of this sacred charter of our freedom
and our rights, I believe—while I claim no more
than the most moderate amount of either physical
or moral courage—I believe I would surrender
myself up to martyrdom before I would be forced
to do what I conscientiously believed to be a vio-
lation of my oath to support it. The gentleman's
threats of popular clamor, his threats of the venge-
ance of the multitude at home, have no weight,
no power in shaping my course in this Senate.
I had no intention, Mr. President, of going into
any further argument; but there were a few sug-
gestions made to which I thought it necessary
that I should make some brief response.
Mr.CLARK. I had purposed to mingle some-
what in this debate; but it is getting to be late in
the day, and it is very important this bill should
be passed, if it is to be passed at all to-day. I
propose, therefore, to defer all argument, and to
propose to the Senate, if they will agree to it, to
come now to a vote [" Agreed!" " Agreed!")
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. Upon that question I ask for
the yeas and nays. I believe they have not been
ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
on this substitute, it is perhaps due to the Senate
that some one should state what the differences
are between the amendment and the bill that comes
from the House of Representatives; and if no one
else proposes to do so,as I have taken some part
in these questions, I will try to explain those dif-
ferences. In doing so, I think it would be well
for Senators across the Chamber—who, I under-
stand, have committed themselves in favor of the
amendment, not with the view of voting for its
enactment into a law, but with a view of getting
before the Senate a measure which they hope may
bo defeated, first voting for the measure as an
amendment, and then against the bill—to under-
stand, and that the country should know the char-
acter of the measure they propose to vote for as an
amendment. They propose to vote for a bill, as
an amendment or substitute, entitled " A bill to
suppress insurrection and to punish treason and
rebellion, and for other purposes." The Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Saolsbury,] and the Sen-
ators from Maryland, probably, though I do not
know how the latter intend to vote, will support
the amendment which contains a clause for arm-
ing the negroes. They certainly do not intend to
enact that piovision into a law, although they may
vote for it as an amendment. The Senator from
Delaware, who has spoken with such vehemence
against those measure", has no idea of voting to
authorize the President of the United States " to
employ poisons of African descent as lie may
deem necessary and proper for the suppression of
this rebellion, and for this purpose he may organ-
ize and use them in such maimer as he may deem
best for the public welfare." That is a. provision
in the bill of the Senator from New Hampshire,
repotted by the special committee of the Senate;
and when Senators on the other side of the Cham-
