1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
of 1798, ever, at any time, venture upon such a
sweeping measure as this; their attainders ex-
hausted themselves upon the Irish nobility, and
they never were rash enough to strip the Irish
people. I do not know the value of the property
forfeited by this bill; I cannot even approximate
it, except to say that it is enormous—to be com-
puted by billions. But, sir, the bill goes further,
and forfeitsa-vastamount of property of the rebels
which, when forfeited, cannot be confiscated or
put into the coffers of the conquerors—I mean their
property in negro slaves.
JNow, J do not mean to stop here to discuss their
right to this spccies of property; it is enough for
me to say that all the people of the slave States,
loyal and rebellious, seem to agree as to this with
a wonderful unanimity, and to resent with an ex-
cessive sensibility any interference with it what-
ever. And, although in the bitterness of the feuds
engendered by the, civil war now raging among
them, the loyalists there would be glad to join in
inflicting upon the rebels even the severest pun-
ishments, yet this one they abhor and refuse, be-
cause they aver that it would be equally injurious
to them as,to their enemies; and it makes no man-
ner of difference whether that vie wis correct or not,
if they believe it—and this their representatives can
tell us. What I mean to say is, that this bill would
libeiatc, perhaps, three millions of slaves; surely
the most stupendous stroke for universal emanci-
pation ever before attempted in the world; nay, I
think it equivalent, if carried out, to a virtual lib-
eration of the whole four millions of slaves in the
Union.
But what is to be the effect of it upon the war?
Will we be stronger after it than before; or wilt
we find we have doubled the number of those in
arms against us? They have now no cause of
war; will not this measure furnish them one, and
one they think more just and holy than any other?
Let the loyal men who know them also answer
this question. I will abide their answer, and sub-
mit again that no deliberative assembly in the
world ever before sat in judgment upon an issue
of .such magnitude.
Not content, however, with this, those who favor
this bill seem determined to bewilder and blind us
still more by an additional project of greater mag-
nificence and, if possible, of greater difficulty; and
that is, in the duty it imposes upon the President,
in the third section, of procuring a home for these
emancipated millions in some tropical country,
and of transporting, colonizing, and settling them
there, if they desire to go, with guarantees for their
rights as freemen; and this is all provided for in a
section of a single sentence of nine lines ! Surely,
sir, we must have been recently transported away
from the sober domain of practical fact, and set
down in the regions of eastern fiction, if we can
for a moment entertain this proposition seriously.
Do tho advocates of the scheme propose to con-
fer upon the President the gold-making touch of
Midas? One would think theuniversal menstruum
or the philosophers' stone had been at last discov-
ered. Certainly, nothing short of the ring and
lamp of Aladdin, with their attendantgonii, would
enable us in our present condition to asstue the
President of his ability to enter upon sunh a task,
unless, indeed, it is conceived the Treasury note
is of equal potency in this behalf. If so, the sov-
eieign of the tiopicul country and the transporta-
tion companies ought to be consulted in regard to
the legal tender clause. 1 suppose it, is not ex-
pected that the exodus can be supported on the
way by quails and manna; and yet, I am free to
say, it will need the miraculous interposition of
Heaven quite as much as did that of the Israelites
of old.
But to return, at a time when every energy of
the country is put in requisition to suppress the
rebellion; when we are in debt equal to our re-
sources of payment, is it not strange that this
scheme, which would involve us in a cost moie
heavy than even the present war, should be so
coolly presented for our consideration, and urged
to its final consummation with a kind of surprise
that any one should oppose it? it is certainly due
to ourselves, if not to the country, that we should
not be in haste about engaging m such gigantic
schemes.
Then there is a further consideration involved
in this bill of still greater moment than even those
1 have already glanced at; and that is, its direct
conflict with tho Constitution of the United States,
requiring us, indeed, should we pass it, to set
aside and ignore that instrument in all its most
valuable and fundamental provisions; those which
guaranty the life, liberty, and property of the
citizen, and those which define the boundaries be-
tween the powers delegated to the several depart-
ments of the Government.
Pass this bill, sir, and all that is left of the Con-
stitution is not worth much. Certainly it is not
worth a terrible and destructive war, such as we
now wage for it. And it must be remembered that
that war is waged solely for the Constitution,and
for the ends, aims, and purposes sanctioned by it,
and for no others.
1 am aware, however, that some think the Con-
stitution is a restraint upon the free action of the
nation in the conduct of the war, which they sup-
pose could be carricd on a great deal better with-
out it, &c. Now, sir, I have no hesitation in say-
ing that no greater mistake ever was made in the
world than is made by such people. And I am
afraid it amounts to an open confession that they
have not examined very carefully the full scope
of its provisions. Because, under it I think we
have full and ample power delegated to the Gen-
eral Government to enable it to do, in war as well
as peace, everything which a Government ought
to be allowed to do; while at the same time it has
laid down accurately upon its charts all those
rocks upon which other Governments have been
split and wrecked heretofore, with the proper prd-
hibitions to prevent us from seeking our destruc-
tion upon them. And I will venture to say that
there is not a restraint it imposes which is not
salutary, and which, if thrown off, will not prove
most destructive. The real danger consists in the
fact that the prohibited measures are all of them
at first sight most plausible; they arc not roaring
breakers, obvious to all, but sunken rocks in a
calm sea, where the chart of experience is most
necessary to guide the political pilot, if he is pru-
dent enough to take the warning.
I am, therefore, opposed to this bill, to all and
every part of it, except to the last two sections,
which, although notfrec from objections, yet these
arc notof such a serious character but that I could
give my assent to them. I will proceed to give
my reasons then,and show, if I can, why I think
the bill and its main provisions.unnccessary, im-
politic, inexpedient, and unconstitutional, and, I
might add, utterly and totally useless.
In doing this, I trust I shall also be able at the
same time to show that the Government, notwith-
standing, has the power, and can do all in a con-
stitutional and lawful way which is necessary and
proper to be done to put down the rebellion and
to punish the rebels; that there is not in reality the
slightest necessity to strain the provisions of the
Constitution in any way, but just to give them their
free and natural play according to the original de-
sign of the frarners of rt. As, for instance, the
President can and has a right to do a great many
things against the rebels by means of the war he
makes upon them, which it would be absurd to
ask us to do against them through the medium of
law, of which I shall say more hereafter. Now,
however, I shall address myself to sustain this
proposition, to wit, Congress cannot forfeit the
property of rebels for longer than their lives, by
the enactment of any law whatever, for the fol-
lowing reasons:
1. Those persons now in rebellion, having levied
war against the United States, are guilty of trea-
son within the exact definition of that crime con-
tained in the third section of the third article of the
Constitution, in which it is declared that
Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against thorn, or in adheiing to their enemies,
sivins tliem aid and eomfoit."
Hence, it cannot be doubted but that as soon as
the rebels are arrested and brought within tho
power of any law we may pass, they become eo
inslanti fiaitors, and obnoxious to the punishment
which is imposed by our statute for treason. As
1 long, however, as the rebel is at large, or in the
i, hands of the military, he cares nothing for the law,
K and is not amenable to it, because the military
I power cannot try him under the law—that must
i, bo done by the courts. But the second clause of
j; that same section provides further, that
"Tiie Connie-* fhall have power to dceiaic the puni.-h-
I, njent ol nea-ou, hut no attaimlei of ftea-on shall woik cor-
|; lupnon ofhlood of icrfeituie, except during the Jifc of the
h person attainted./'
Therefore any law made for the guidance of the
courts must conform to this provision, and no
other or greater penalty could be imposed than it
would warrant. If, therefore, the law was to enact
an absolute forfeiture of the estates of the traitor,
it would be bad for the excess, and the judges
would be obliged to make the sentence constitu-
tional, either*by cutting down the statutory pen-
alty to a forfeiture of his estates for life, or by
omitting to forfeit them at all. All this seems to
me so obvious as not to be doubted.
2. The power assumed in this bill is also ob-
noxious to the provisions of the Constitution, if
it be assumed that Congress can legislate an ef-
fectual forfeiture of the estates of rebels, as such,
without allowing them an opportunity or means
of trial in the courts. Because, ;
1. By the fifth amendment to the Constitution,
it is provided:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise inlamous ciime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or
naval forces, or in the militia when in actual service, in
time of war or public dangei; nor shall any person be sub-
ject, for the same offense, to he twice put in jeopardy of
life or limb; nor shall be compelled m any criminal ease
to be a witness ag.unst himself; nor be deprived oi life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law ; nor shall
private property he taken for public use without just com-
pensation."
Here, it is attempted to deprive a large class of
persons of all their estates and property, without
any arrest, without any presentment by a grand
jury, without any trial by a petit jury, without,
'indeed, any trial at all in any court. This would
be to deprive them of their property in the very
face of the provision requiring that it shall only
be done "by due process of law," which all com-
mentators and till lawyers agree, means proceed-
ings according to the course of the common law.
I am aware that this will seem strange to some
people who think that, as we are at war ^ith the
rebels, we ought of course to be able to enact any
law we pleased, inflicting upon them punishment
befitting their crimes. Such people, however,
will do well to remember that our Government is
not one of absolute powers—it is in no respect
omnipotent or restrained only by its own sense of
propriety or policy. On the contrary, its powers
are limited to those expressly delegated to it, and
arc not to be implied from any supposed necessity
that they ought to be there, or that it was intended
to confer them. Besides this, the powers actually
delegated are also distributed and divided to and
among the several departments of the Govern-
ment which are to exercise them. These, too,
must confine themselves severally to their func-
tions as fixed by the terms of the grant. Con-
gress has its part, the President has his part, and
the courts their part. Now Congress, for instance,
has no power to punish anybody, (except for con-
tempts,) and to-day, if we had half a dozen of the
worst lebels caged heiein this Chamber, we could
inflict upon them no punishment. We could not
order the Sergeaut-at-Arms to hang or behead
them, no matter how certain we might be of their
guilt. Nay, more, the President himself and all
his Army could not lead them away from this
Hall to execution. The only way they could be
punished at all, would be to deliver them over to
the judges—the proper judges—because no one
judge might have a right to try all of them Nay,
it is possible every one of them might have to be
tried by his separate judge, in his separate court
and district. There again the functions of the
judges, in such cases, are limited—a jury shares
them, and its members are the exclusive judges
of the facts, while, after the condemnation and
judgment, the sheriff or marshal would be the
only person having the right to execute the judg-
ment.
I may also further remark that it is in this lim-
itation of the powers of the Government, and then-
distribution after the manner of the Constitution,
that its great merit consists. On those accounts
wc love, cheiish, and revere it; and because it has
| such features wc are now at war with all our force
i and treasure to defend and preserve it. Had we
I no Constitution limiting its powers, defining its
agencies, fixing the boundaries of their rights and
duties under it, nobody would lift a hand for it;
and if you make it usurp poweis not gran ted at all,
not granted to the usuiping department, then our
war for it is a great mistake, if not a great wicked-
ness.
Again, this is further guarded against ill the
