1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ninth section of the first article and thiid clause,
as follows:
" No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed."
A bill of attainder was a mode of proceeding re-
sorted to in England, as well as in some of the
United States during the Revolution, to condemn
and punish traitors, by Parliament or the Legis-
lature, in cases where they were out of the reach
of the process of the courts; nay, indeed, in many
cases even after they were dead. In such cases
the law-making branch of the Government sup-
plied the want of due process of law by blending
together in one statute the law and the application
of the law to particular persons named therein, or
to a class of persons by description. Bills of at-
tainder condemned the accused to death, (if not
dead already,) forfeited their estates, and corrupted
the inheritable blood of their children and hens,
so that no one could take any estate either from
or through them. Bills, however, like the one
under consideration, which does not propose to
inflict capital punishment, or corrupt the blood of
the offenders, but imposed other penalties of lesser
grade, were called " bills of pains and penalties."
It may be said the latter are not within the pro-
hibition, and therefore allowable here. It is true
they are not within the letter of it, butbeingequally
within the mischief, which was, thdt the legisla-
ture should in any case attempt to usurp and ex-
ercise the functions of the courts; and construing
the fifth amendment in connection, I have no doubt
they arealso prohibited. Indeed, no one can come
to any other conclusion but that the convention
which framed the Constitution intended to remove
every possibility of the usurpation, by Congress,
of the power to punish anybody without " due
process of law."
Besides, to grant our power of passing bills of
pains and penalties is to nullify the whole effect
of the clause, inasmuch as it is easy, by passing
several of these against the same person, to make
their aggregate result precisely the same as a bill
of attainder. Such a construction would defeat
the provision instead of making it avail, as in-
tended.
We are not left, however, without authority as
to this point, if any were needed to give force to
the reason adduced for it, because Judge Story,
in his Commentary on the Constitution, at section
1344,says:
" But in'the senso of the Constitution, it seems that bills
of attainder include lulb of pains and penalties; for the Sn
promo Couit have said, k A biii of attainder may affect the
Inn of an individual, or may confiscate his property, 01
boih.'
And for this he cites Fletcher rs. Peck, 6Cranch's
Reports, 138; 1 Kent's Commentaiies, sec. 19,
p. 382; and this was well shown by the honorable
Senator from California.
This, then, being, in the language of the Supreme
Court} a bill of attainder, and in the stricter lan-
guage of tiie common law a bill of pains and pen-
alties, is clearly within the prohibition contained
in the clause read; and nothing which I can say
is so apposite as the remainder of the section
quoted from Judge Story, and from it all may
see the view taken of such laws as this by a jurist
so eminent—one, too, sitting calmly in his closet
and free from all tUos<; exciting influences which,
in troubled times like ours, arc so apt to warp our
judgments and blind our reason to the truth:
" Bii]sofattamder,as= they are technically called, aie&uch
t-pecial arU of the legislature as inflict capital punishments
upon peif>onc supposed to be gmlfy <>} high oflonscs, such a?
ttea-on and felon \, without any conviction in the ordinary
coui^e oi judicial* pioreedin^.* If an act inflicts a milder
dc<'ire of'puni-hment than death.it ^ called a lull of pains
and penalties. IiuMn the ^n-e of the Constitution, n seems
that bills of att'imdei include bill* oi pain* and penaitif"-,for
the Supreme Cosuf ha \ e '-aid, * a bill ol attumdei may afiect
the life of an individual, or may confiscate hi> pioperty, or
both.' In .-such ca^en, the liOKifUiure a^ume* judicial
pi-^ti aey. pt onouiicintx upon The guilt ot the patty without a
of the common toim- and jiuukU ot ti lal. and •satistviuu iHell
with ptooff. wnen *uoh pionl> are within it> leach, v. hcther
the\ ate cniiloim.iblo to the rule-of evidence oi not. in
fchmt. in all *ueh the logi-latuie ovicide* the lu«l>-
ej-t power ol -oveteurnn, and what ma\ be pmpeiiy deemed
,m uie-poii'-ihle d '*|>oU- diMnetson. henni rovuncd -olely
by what U dcevftn- political neoo^uyoi expediency, and too
otten undo the influence of umea>onable leais or un-
lounded >u-=picions. tfueli act* have i>"on olten re-ortcd to
in toieu^n Go\ <*rnirient* a common t nym« ot s-tato 5 and
even m Kngland tney li.ivc heen pushed to the most extrav-
agant extent m b<id tiiiM'S icaching as well to the absent
and the de.id a* to tin- In irnr. Sn T.dw aid Coke has men-
tion* d it io he among lie' transcendent pouois ot P.nlia-
ment, that an act in.iv !:e pa--ed to att unt a man altei he if
dead. \nd th" reigtung monai'-h. who \va> >iam at Bo^-
worth, -aid to have been attain feu In an act ot Pathament,
a few mo/ithd after his death, notwithstanding the absurdity
of deeming lnm at once in possession of the throne and a
traitor. The gunUhment has often been inflicted without
calling upon tiie party accused to answer, or without even
the formality of proof, and sometime* because the law, in its
ordinary course of proceedings, would acquit the offender.
The injustice and iniquity oi such acts, in general, consti-
tute an irresistible argument against the existence of the
power. In a free Government it would be intolerable; and
in the hands of a reining faction, it might be, and probably
would be, abused, to the ruin and death of the most virtuous
citizens. Bills of this sort have been most usually passed,
in England, in tunes of rebellion, or of gross subserviency
to the Crown, or of violent political excitements—periods in
which all nations are most liable (as well the free as the en-
slaved) to forget their duties, and to trample upon the rights
and liberties of others."
I have thus far considered the subject of forfeit-
ure of estates as a punishment for crime, and I
think no one can doubt that it is unconstitutional,
if absolute, even in the ordinary course of the ad-
ministration of the laws; and 1 think it is also
equally clear that no warrant can bxe found for it,
where the legislature undertakes to declare it
upon the principle of a bill "of attainder.
I now propose to go further and argue that the
exercise of such a, power, even if it had been
granted, would now be mischievous and impolitic,
and that our fathers did wisely and well in refus-
ing it. Their great principle was to punish the
guilty alone, and not involve a whole family in
the ruin which the head of it might have brought
upon himself, by his crimes, because in fact the
family might have been and in most cases was
wholly innocent. By their just leniency they
showed that they looked beyond the hour of con-
flict to the better day of reconciliation, and offered
a bounty to the heirs of the guilty that they might
be loyal. I may say, too, that the civilized world,
at. least in all Christendom, have come to this same
conclusion, and have generally purged their stat-
ute-books of such a relic of angry barbarism:
"The reason commonly assigned for tliese severe pun-
ishments, beyond the moic forfeiture ot tlie life of the party
attainted^ are liic:-c: by committing treason the party has
bioken his original bond of allegiance, and forfeited his so-
cial rights. Among these social rights, that of transmitting
piopeitv to others is deemed one of the chief and most val-
uable. ' Moieovei, such foifeitures, whereby the posterity
ot the offender must suffer, as well as himself, will help to
lcstraiu n man, not only lit tile sense ot lus duty and dread
ot personal punishment', hut also by his passions and natural
affections; and will inteiest every dependent and relation
he has to keep fiom offending. Cut this view of the sub-
ject is wholly unsatisl'actoiy. It looks only to tlie offender
himself, and is regardless of his innocent postenty. It
really operates as a posthumous punishment upon them,
and compels them to bear, not only the disgrace naturally
attendant upon such flagitious crimes, but takes from tliem
the common rights and privileges enjoyed by all other citi-
zens, where they are wholly innocent, and however remote
they may be m the lineage from the first offender. J t surely
is enough for socicty to take the life of the offender, as a
jlist punishment ot his crime, witliouttakmg from his off-
spring and telatives that property, which may be the only
means ot saving thein fiom poverty and ruin. Ft is bad
policy too: font cuts off all the attachments winch these
unfortunate vietim" might otherwise feel for their own gov-
ernment, and pie pares them to engage In anyotherscivice,
by which theii supposed nijunes may be rcdic-sed, or their
hereditary hatred "ratified. Upon these and similar gioumls
it may be presumed that the clause was first introduced
into the oiiginal diaft of the Constitution ; and after some
amendments it was adopted without any apparent resist-
ance. Bv the laws since passed by Congress, it is declared
that no conviction or judgment, ior any capital or other
offenses, shall woik corruption of blood, or any torteiture
of estate. The history of other countries almndaiitlyproves
that one of the strong incentives to pioseeutc offenses as
treason has been tile chance of sinning in the plunder of
the victims. Rapacity lias been thus stimulated to exert
itself ill the service of the most corrupt tyranny; and tyranny
has been thus furnished with new opportunities of indulg-
ing it- malignity and revenge, of gratifying its envy of the
ncii and good, and of increasing its means to rewaid favor-
ites. and secure retainers, for the worst deeds."—Story's
Commentaries on the Constitution, sec. 1300.
In the light of this exposition let us follow the
consequences of this bill into detail, and let us
suppose its provisions fully carried out. Our
armies have overrun the whole territories of the
confederate States; resistance has entirely ceased;
and the President and his officers being masters
of the country, they have time to finish the resi-
due of their work by gathering in the balance of
the property of the rebels not already taken to
supply the " military necessities" of the suppres-
sion. The rebels themselves are homeless, house-
less, and propertyless; and the question arises,
have you made them loyal by your severity ? Are
you assured their love for the Union will return
again after this chastisement ? Have you thought
how they would shout, at the sightof theglorions
old banner — "the stars and stripes"—which
brought them such deliverance ?
Mi'. President, these people are to be again our
brethren and kinsman, if such a thing is possible;
but it does seem to me that, by such laws as tKisj
you will make that possibility a very remote one.
Will not their women and children hate you, and
and their children's children hate and curse you .
down to the latest generation; and whenever they
geta chance will they not rebel against you ?, Have
you not sown the seeds of many rebellions by this
one ill-advised act ? AH this might' make little pr
no difference if they were of hostile race and alien"
enemies, and if we were making war upon them
for conquest and subjugation. But that is not the
fact. We have here in these Halls of Congress
solemnly declared that the war was for no such
purpose, but that it was for the purpose of com-
pelling obedience to the Constitution and the laws;
and I am for standing upon that declaration.
The Constitution and the laws being restored
and obedience tendered, is* this law one of them ?
Now, we suppose that a large number of people
everywhere in the confederate States were con-
strained, even by force, to join in the rebellion—*
are these to suffer upon the same scaffolds with
the willing traitor; and is there no difference to be
made between the general who betrayed his coun-
try and the soldier he has compelled to march at
his bidding at the head of a rebel column ? This
bill makes none; and if it did, it makes no pro-
vision to try it and determine its value when it is
found; the officers have seized the property, and
the victim of force in the beginning ends by being
the victim of wrong and injustice. To him the Con-
stitution and Jaws are not yet restored. Again:
thousands of these people have been duped into
rebellion by being told that we of the North were
all abolitionists—intent, when we had the power,
to wield it for the emancipation of their slaves, and
the destruction of their social system. What does
your bill do with these—these men, who believed
the falsehood because it was first asserted by
southern demagogues and then proved and corrob-
orated by northern knaves? Is there no differ-
1 ence here, again, between the wily traitor and his
I simple dupe? This bill makes none, but includes
I within its terms the whole rebel population, of
1 every state and degree, from the lordly planter
I down to the negro laborer; and the broad acres of
; the one, as well as the narrow hovel of the other,
are alike forfeit under it.
But the President and his officers are to dispose
of these confiscated estates. Who will buy them?
What kind of neighborhood will exist between
the former owner or his heirs and your alienees
or their heirs? How the delights of this society
will enhance the value of those estates to the pur-
chasers, especially when they reflect that the for-
feiture, will never be forgotten in the family of the
rebel, and that if they'have no other, they can
transmit this inheritance to their descendants un-
' impaired for centuries! The tradition of it will
i sit continually by the hearthstone of that family
a hideous specter, deathless forages, prompting
to revenge and inciting to rebellion. Sir, your
thrifty purchasers will not like incumbrances such
as these hanging over your forfeited estateS^ and
you might as well try to attract them and their
capital to your vendue, by promising they should
be entitled, as appurtenant to the land offered for
sale, to an Irish feud in perpetuity or a Corsican
vendetta in fee to them and their heirs forever.
Sttch titles have never been desirable. In the
, French revolution, even when its success seemed
' well assured, the holders of the assignats refused
!; to buy the public domain with them, although
ij atthat time (August, 1793,) the francassignathad
so depreciated that the metal franc was worth nine
!' of them. Sir, you might as well expect capital
I to seek the margin of an extinct volcano,before
the lava had cooled, for investments in real estate.
I; The only purpose forfeitures ever served in ancient
ii times was to furnish a means of payment to the
j! hardy Soldier who achieved their conquest; his
'! title was in his sword, and lie could maintain it.
.! That which is taken in war must be kept in war.
'i Every hill must have its castle, and every marsh
ii its wardens. But surely this is not one of the
i " dispositions" the President and his officers are
to make of this property
I desire hero, sir, to notice, in regard to this
second section, that it is liable to another objec-
i[ tion which, to my mind, is fatal in itself upon
j! grounds of policy:
l! " Sfc.2. Jlmlhe it further enacted, That every person ha-v-
II ing oktm to the service or labor of any other person in any
