1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Thu committee consists of Messrs. McDougall,
Pomehoy, Clark, Polk, and Cowan.
Mr. HALE. A special committee was ap-
pointed at the last session that has not entirely
closed its labors. I inquired of one of the officers
of the Senate if it was customary to continue such
committees during this session, and was told
that it was. From the motion just made, how-
ever, I understand otherwise, i therefore move
that the select committee appointed at the last
session to inquire into the circumstances attend-
ing the destruction and loss of the navy-yards at
Norfolk and Pensacola and the armory at Har-
per's Ferry,be continued during ihis session. In
making the motion, I will say that I think we
shall be able to make a report by the 1st of Jan-
uary. We simply want to be continued in order
to make a report.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee consists of Messrs. Hale, John-
son of Tennessee, and Grimes.
MILITARY DISASTERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business reg-
ularly in order is the resolution submitted by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] on
Thursday last, to which an amendment was pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.]
The resolution and amendment will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of tliree he appointed to in-
quin' into the disasteis of Bull I tun and Edwards's Ferry,
witli power to .-end tor persons and papers.
The amendment of Mr. Grimes was to substi-
tute for the original resolution the following:
Jlesolvalhythe Senate and House of Representatives, That
a jomt committee, to be composed of two members of the
Senate and tliree members of the House ot Repiesentaiives
be appointed to inquire into the reason of the disasters that
have attended the public arms, with power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. CHANDLER. As the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa is a substitute, I presume it is
in order to perfect the original lesolution before
voting on the substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out
"Edwards's Ferry," and insert "Ball's Bluff."
I understand that the battle actually occurred at
Ball's Bluff.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther amendment to the original resolution, the
question is on agreeing to the substitute proposed
by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hope the
substitute will not be adopted by the Senate. I
connected together the two transactions named in
the resolution because they are properly one dis-
aster. If the disaster had not occurred at Bull
Run there would have been no Rail's Bluff affair.
I desire to have the opportunity to investigate
both these disasters; but I hope the Senate will
not give the committee a roving commission to go
all over the United States and see whether there
have been other disasters, and to inquire into their
cause. There certainly should be a committee
for the Northwest, if there are any investigations
to be made there; and I will vote for a proposi-
tion to create another committee to investigate
western disasters. I trust the substitute will not
prevail.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, before voting
for any of these resolutions, I should like to ask
the Senate, being myself a young member here,
whether we can, through a committee of this body,
enter upon an investigation into the character and
conduct of any officer, if that investigation is lia-
ble to result in an impeachment. As 1 understand
the Constitution, we are the tribunal to try all
cases of impeachment; and if these investigations
are tit all liable to lead to a proceeding by impeach-
ment, I should like to know how the Senate can
enter upon them. I do not see how we can sit
to try impeachments if we have been devoting
our time to the investigation of the facts in ad-
vance. I have thought that such investigations
should be made by the House of Rcpresentatnes,
and not by the Senate. I shall not urge ihe point
at this time; but it is a point whiHi in my mind
applies to all eummUtees to investigate transac-
tions that may lead to the impeachment of Gov-
ernment officers.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, generals
are not subject to impeachment. Thismvestiga-
29
tion can reach no officer who is subject to impeach-
ment. One of our number has been slain, and the
verdict of the Army is that nobody is to blame.
One thousand eight hundred men were sent across
the Potomac river with two old scows, and over-
whelmed and cut to pieces, without any means of
retreat. I think the Senate owes it to itself to
look into the cause of this disaster. There can
be no impeachment: there may be blame. I trust
this committee, whoever may compose it, will
make a thorough investigation, and lay the blame
where it belongs; and then I trust that the proper
authorities will apply the appropriate remedy,
and see*that no such disaster ever occurs again
from a similar cause.
Mr. POMEROY. I know very well that mil-
itary officers are not subject to impeachment;
but, as my colleague argued the other day, mili-
tary officers are not commanders-in-chief; and
this investigation may lead us to the fact that
orders which resulted disastrously did not issue
from military officers, but from headquarters; and
we may, in consequence, be called upon to try an
impeachment. The other day it was asked here
why it was that regiments were sent to Cairo in-
stead of being sent to reinforce Lyon, evidently
reflecting, not upon military officers, but upon
civil officers—upon the highest civil officer of the
Government. I say that these investigations lead
in that direction, and therefore we ought not to
appoint such committees.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to this resolution as it now stands, and to
anjr such resolution. I have felt, I think,as deep
an interest as any Senator upon this floor, both
in the affair at Bull Run and in that at Ball's Bluff.
I have taken great pains to inform myself as to
the particulars of both those affairs, and I think
I am well informed on the subject—probably as
well informed as any Senator would be after the
report of a committee; but I cannot understand
that any discussion, growing out of such are-
port, could be of any value to the Senate. I do
not think it would be profitable at this time to
enter into a popular discussion on those topics
The remedy will not lie in any such discussion
I can see no legislation to flow from it that will
be of any service to the Government. If Sena-
tors wish to be informed and are not, they have
access to the means of information to a certain
extent. I have, as I said before, felt a deep in-
terest in the causes of these disasters, and have
inquired particularly as to them. I think, how-
ever, that instead of promoting the great cause
in which we are now so deeply engaged, all these
discussions will tend to embarrass it.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to change the sub-
stitute which I offered, so as to make it read:
" three members of the Senate and four members
of the House of Representatives." I desire to
say, Mr. President, that I am notparticular as to
where and by what method this investigation
shall be carried on; I do not care whether it ori-
ginates in the Senate or in the House of Repre-
sentatives; but I believe that the best interests of
the country, the reputation of the country, the
reputation of the Army, and the reputation of the
officers of the Army, require that there should be
some investigation—if not through the military
authorities, then through the authority of the
House of Representatives or the Senate, or of
both conjoined.
Let me tell Senators that this is no new pro-
ceeding. Investigations like this are coeval with
the Government. In 1790, during the adminis-
tration of George Washington, a grand expedi-
tion was fitted out to penetrate the Northwest,
under the command of General St. Clair. That
campaign was disastrous, and a resolution was j
introduced into the House of Representatives in j
Congress, to raise a committee for the purpose of ;
investigating the causes that led to that disaster, j
A committee was raised, and in 1702 a report was ]
made by Mr. Fitzsimmons, of Pennsylvania, in j
response to that resolution. Up to that time there j
had been an almost universal and a v*ry intense ]
prejudice throughout the country against General !
St.Clair; it was believed that he was responsible
for the disasters that attended that campaign; but ;
when the facts were thoroughly investigated by j
the committee, and spread before the country* the 1
public sentiment on that subject underwent an
entire change, and General St, Clair was entirely i
exonerated from blame. Now, I say that justice !
to the officers, to the soldiers, and to the country,
demands that we should have some sort of inves-
tigation now, and'know where the blame does
rest for the disasters that have occurred in the
course of the struggle in which we are engaged.
I n^ regard to the battle of Bull Run, we know
that it has been trumpeted through the newspapers
that the whole of that disaster was attributable to
the fact that there were fifty or sixty civilians on
the ground; and there are simpletons enough in
the country to believe that fifty or sixty or a hun-
dred civilians, two or three miles in the rear of the
Army, actually created the stampede which re-
sulted so disastrously to our reputation. I heard
it declared in a sermon—at the delivery of which
1 happened to be present—that it was because the
battle was fought on a Sunday. I have heard
regular officers declare that it was because of the
cowardice of the militia; and I have heard others
say thatitwasbecause men who were mere bureau
officers, mere carpet knights, were elevated to the
responsibility of commanding the Army. Let us
know whether that is so or not; let us know
whether men are selected for these responsible
places because they are thoroughly educated in
military affairs, and are capable of stimulating
their com mauds by their own bravery and knowl-
edge of military affairs, or because they happen
to oe more skilled in the arts of gastronomy than
in the arts of war.
So, Mr. President, in regard to the campaign
in the West. "We heard the version of the Sen-
ator from Kansas the other day, and the ideas
that are entertained by tho&e who are disposed to
criticise and condemn the conduct of the late com-
manding general of the western department. The
friends of that commanding general entertain alto-
gether different opinions on thatsubject. They be-
lieve that he was not responsible for the disasters in
that campaign; they believe that he had a right to
expect that General Lyon would fall back upon his
reserves at Rolla, and not put everything at stake
upon the issue of the battle at Wilson Creek. Let
the country know what are the facts. If they con-
demn General Fremont, let him be condemned;
if thojr justify him, then in God's name let him
be justified.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator allow
me to make a single remark?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did not intend, Mr.
President, to attach blame to any particular indi-
vidual, neither the President of the United States
nor the commander of the western department.
There is no one who has a more exalted opinion
of the ability, the honesty, and the patriotism of
the President of the United States than myself.
I do desire, however, representing a State that
lost a large number of men at Wilson Creek, to
have a full investigation of the causes that led to
that misfortune. I know that the troops were *
within reach to reinforce the army at Wilson
Creek. I know that there were troops in hand
to reinforce Mulligan; and I do believe that there
has been dereliction of duty or want of capacity
somewhere. Who has shown this want of ca-
pacity, our people desire to know.
Mr. GRIMES. I hardly know whether the
remarks of the Senator from Kansas are to be
regarded as a disclaimer of the idea that I enter-
tained of the drift of his argument the other day,
or not. 1 inferred from what he said then, that
he attributed the disasters of the campaign in
Missouri, to the conduct of General Fremont. I
may be in erior.
So, Mr. President, in regard to Lexington, to
which the Senator refers. It has been said that
few military men could have imagined that Col-
onel Mulligan, with a command consisting of one
regiment of infantry, one regiment of horsemen
with nothing except sabers at their disposal in
the way of weapons, and half a regiment of home
guards, would throw himself into little intrench-
ments that had been thrown up in the couise of
three days, and there, without water, undertake
to defend himself against an army which was
known for at least six days to be approaching
him, composed of twenty-three thousand bellig-
erents. i do not know that that is so: but I say
that that is the opinion entertained by the friends
of General Fiemont, and it is a question which
we ought to investigate, that the country may
know whether they or those who condemn Gen-
eral Fiemont are right. I am very well aware
