2972
THE COK&BESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
I voted for a proposition as a substitute for an-
other, which substitute had a clause in it to arm
slaves, and the bill it was to be substituted for had
no such clause in it, I would stand by my vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish the Senator would
allow me one moment in answer to one remark;
and I want that distinctly understood. I do not
know in what spirit that remark was made. The
Senator says ifthe Senator from Delaware will ask
questions and run away ,then so and so. I wantto
assure thatSenatorthat the Senator from Delaware
never, under any circumstances, runs away, and
if any man thinks so, let him try the experiment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems, unfortunately,
I was not heard by the Senator from Delaware.
I thought I spoke in an audible tone of voice. I
must have been mistaken in supposing the Sena-
tor had left the Chamber, then. He was here, but
did not hear me. I supposed he had left when he
informed mo he did not hour my reply.
Now, sir, the House bill, as I have stated, ap-
plies only to property, and contains one provis-
ion in it not in the Senate bill, in regard to com-
pensation to loyal owners for their losses. The
distinguishing feature between the House and
Senate bills is this: the House bill provides for
confiscating the property of rebels by action di-
rectly upon the property. TheSenate bill does the
same thing in the discretion of the President in
certain instances, and in section eight provides for
instituting the same proceedings. The Senate bill
in that section authorizes the seizing of personal
property, and its condemnation by proceedings ire
rem, as 111 prize or revenue cases, precisely like
the House bill, except that it is limited to per.
sonal property, and the seizure and condcmna.
tion is to be done in the discretion of the Presi
dent. The House bill acts directly 011 the property
belonging to leading classes. The Senate bill au-
thorizes seizing the property belonging to leading
rebels, and then provides for proceeding against
the owners of the property seized by bill of in-
dictment, and in case the person indicted cannot
be found, then it provides for condemning the
property.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
argued this question so clearly the other day to
show that that was unconstitutional, that 1 need
not take up the time, of the Senate with it now.
1 only refer to it to make the point, which is this:
that if you treat these persons as rebels, to ho tried
in the courts according to the course of the com-
mon law, you must have the custody of the per-
son before you can try him. He is entitled to a
trial by jury, and cannot be proceeded against in
his absence. There was certainly great force in
the argument of the Senator from Michigan, and
I was very much inclined to think that it was un-
answerable. It certainly lias not been answered
as yet. tie showed that if you forfeited the prop-
erty for the non-appearance of the person indicted,
it was a clear violation of the Constitution. It
will be seen that the Senate bill, in that respect,
has nothing to do with the war. The forfeiture
is simply by reason of the non-appearance of the
defendant. The property is seized for that pur-
pose. The bill makes it lawful "to hold and
possess such property for the United States."
For what purpose ? " To secure the appearance
of the offender to take his trial and abide such
punishment as shall be adjudged against him."
That is the purpose for which the property is
seized; to secure the appearance of the offender.
Then the bill provides that if the offender docs
not appear, the property shall be sold for the ben-
efit of the United States. Now, can you do that ?
If you can do that in this ease, you can do it in
any other; 110 matter whether a rebellion is in
existence or not, Congress can provide by law
that if any person who is indicted for any crim-
inal offense fails to appearand answer the indict-
ment, they may proceed to condemn his property
for his own non-appearance. Is that constitu-
tional? iN'o one has shown that it is; and even if
it were constitutional, tlieie is so much machinery
about it—in the first place, the necessity for this
indictment, winch would only be found in few in-
stances— that scarcely any pi operty would ever be
reached under this bill. You can only indict a man
in the distiiet where the offense is committed. Let
meputacase. Under the Senate bill you could
not forfeit the real estate of John Slidell in the
State of Illinois, lie owned a short time ago forty
thousand acres of land in my State, worth, per-
haps, |100,000. Could you ever reach it under
the Senate bill ? You cannot indict John Slidell in
the State of Illinois. I do not know that he was
ever there in his life. How are you going to reach
that property? Will you indict him in Louisiana,
and have the return of non in that State evi-
dence of the factm Illinois? That would be very
troublesome, if it could be done at all. I doubt
whether the bill could bear that construction, and
whether you could under its provisions condemn
any other property than that situated within the
district where the man was indicted; and if so,
you never could touch the real estate held by Joh n
Slidell in the State of Illinois. Could you do it
under the House bill ? Clearly you could. You
would institute a proceeding against the property
under the House bill, and condemn the property
on showing satisfactorily to the court that John
Slidell was one of the persons designated in the
act; that this property belonged to a person who
had acted as a foreign minister or commissioner
for the confederate government. That would au-
thorize the condemnation; and hence the advant-
age of the House bill over the Senate bill.
I am aware that the House bill is to be followed
by another bill which does relate to the subject
of negroes. The hill under consideration does
not. The question here is on substituting the
Senate bill for the House bill which is now pend-
ing. There is another bill on the table relating
exclusively to the emancipation of the negroes of
rebels, but it is not now under consideration, and
it is unnecessary to speak of it. The direct ques-
tion is between those two bills. Friends around me
arc urging that we should have a vote; I do not wish
to prolong the discussion. 1 merely wish to say
sufficient to show to those who have thought
proper to pay attention to what I was saying, the
distinction between these bills; and that those Sen-
ators and the country might understand the ob-
ject of Senators, who, like the Senator from Dela-
ware, vote to substitute the Senate bill for the
House bill, with the view of defeating any confis-
cation whatever. That is not my object. I want
an efficient confiscation bill. I want to make these
traitors contribute to-pay the expenses of their
treason. I want a bill, too, that will free the
slaves of rebels. '*
If the Senator from Delaware desires to know
my views in regard to the employment of negroes,
1 have no objection to giving them. When a negro
rushes in to save the life of my brother or my son
from the bayonet of a traitor against this Govern-
ment, and knocks up the weapon that is aimed at
his life, I will say " God speed" to the negro, and
I will encourage him to do it again. Sir, no trai-
tor shall come and murder my child or my brother
or any soldier of my State or my country, who is
fighting for th is Union, with my consent. If there is
a negro or anybody else in God's world that has got
an arm to strike him down, I will say " strike." 1
care not who ids. If the Senator asks me whether
I will arm negroes in insurrection to murder their
masters, I say, I will disturb no slave masters at
home; but. if the master of the slave comes to de-
stroy this Government, to murder Union soldiers,
1 will put a gun in the hands of his negro to shoat
him. That is my feeling about it. I would resort
to all the means that God has given us to put down
this rebellion.
It was not any appeal to Senators on the other
side that 1 was making. I wanted the country to
know why it was that certain Senators proposed
to substitute the Senate for the House bill: that
they did i t in order to defeat confiscation. 1 wanted
to bring it out, as I have brought it out by the
avowal of the Senator from Delaware, that his
object in substituting the Senate bill was to get
something less efficient than the House bill, and
that he intended to oppose any and all confisca-
tion. If a majority of the friends of confisca-
tion are for any particular bill, I shall unite with
that majority to pass it, unless I believe it uncon-
stitutional.
I wish to say a word on that subject. Those
gentlemen who make such loud professions of
devotion to the Constitution are no truer friends
to the instrument than those who say less about
it. There is a difference of opinion ill the Senate
as to what is constitutional. Senators who have
thought pioper to denounce the provisions of the
House bill as unconstitutional are advocating a
substitute which contains precisely the same prin-
ciple. They seem to arrogate to themselves par-
ticular devotion to the Constitution, as if, par ex-
cellence, they were its only defenders. They tell
us they are not to be swerved by the feelings of
the people at home or anywhere else. Sir, I have
great respect for the opinions of the people. I
believe that the judgments of the great mass of
the people are apt to be right, upon constitutional
as well as other questions; ami when I find my-
self differing with the great body of the people of
this American Republic, I am ready to reexamine
my opinions, and see if I myself am not in error.
I am moved to a reexamination of my views when
I find I am running counter to the men who have
gone before me, to the men who made the Con-
stitution, to the men who have commented upon
it, and to the men of my own day. Though I
trust I would stand as firmly as any other Sen-
ator by what were my fixed and settled convic-
tions of the Constitution, I certainly would reex-
amine them when I found that the masses of the
people understood the instrument differently from
what I did.
In regard to the doctrine which has been advo-
cated here in favor of prerogative, in favor of ab-
solute power in the hands of the President, under
the name of Commander-m-Chicf, to my mind it
is the most dangerous doctrine ever advocated
under a constitutional Government. Sir, the opin-
ions that have been advanced here in the Senate
are worse by far than those of Hamilton and others
of his day, who wanted a monarchy for our exec-
utive head. Old Federalism never began to claim
for theExecu ti ve the powers that have been claimed
for him by Senators in this debate. Because he is
Commander-in-Chief by the terms of the Consti-
tution, is I10 therefore Commander-in-Chief to do
as he pleases? How is he Commander-in-Chief?
Comnjnnder-in-Chief to execute the laws as the
laws are made. You, sir, [Mr. Anthony 111 the
chair,] are now the Presiding Officer of this Senate;
the Vice President when here, is, by the Consti-
tution, the Presiding Officer of this body. Can he
preside as he pleases? Some one says, " yes; he
will preside as he pleases." We can adopt rules
to tell him how he shall preside, and he will pre-
side acccording to the rules we prescribe for his
government. The President of the United States
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army, and we can-
not appoint any other than he because the Con-
stitution has appointed him. But, sir, how will
he command the Army and the Navy? Accord-
ing to the law that we prescribe. The President
of the United States is sworn to see that the laws
arc faithfully executed. How will he see that a
law is faithfully executed? By executing it in the
mode and the manner that the law directs. We
authorize the borrowing of $100,000,000. We
prescribe the terms upon which it is to be bor-
rowed. Has the President of the United States
authority to borrow it in any other way ? Sir, he
isCommander-in-Chieftoactaccordingto the reg-
ulations prescribed by Congress; and he has the
same powers and none others than if he were ap-
pointed Commander-in-Chief by act of Congress,
except that being appointed by the Constitution
he cannot be removed. Suppose there were no
Constitution; that w-e were acting under the old
Articles of Confederation, or before the Articles of
Confederation were formed, and the Congress of
the Colonies appointed a commander-in-chief. Ho
would have the same authority that the President
of the United States now has &s Commander-in-
Chief. The difference would be that the power
that appointed him could remove him in that case;
we cannot remove the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, because he is appointed by the
Constitution^ we cannot substitute another in his
place, but he has no greater powers than if we
could. That is the only limitation upon us. He
is just as much subject to our control as if we ap-
pointed him, except that we cannot remove him
and substitute another in his place. This question
has been so clearly demonstrated by the Senator
from Michigan that it would be a work of super-
erogation for me to add anything to what he has
said. I thank him for that speech to-day, for the
historical research it displayed, and for the con-
vincing power with which he presented his views
to the Senate.
Sir, I repudiate this whole doctrine of uncon-
trollable ,jowcr in the President as dangerous to
republican institutions. We are in danger trom
the precedent we are now setting. What was said
by the Senator from Michigan may become mat-
