1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
previous to that the late Secretary of War had
reported the number of the Army of the United
States at about six hundred and seventy thousand
men. There was a discrepancy of upwards of
two hundredthousandmen between his report and
the facts of the case.
Here is a tabular statement of the amount of
soldiery furnished by the different States, sent to
us by the War Department. My own State is
put down at two cavalry regiments and eight in-
fantry regiments. The report bears date the 28th
day of February last, and on that very day there
were at least four, if not six, cavalry regiments
from the State of Kentucky in the service, and from
twenty-four to twenty-eight infantry regiments.
The aggregate amount of soldiery from that State
about the 1st of February last exceeded thirty
thousand troops. At the day this report bears date
it amounted to notless,and I believeto more,than
twenty-five thousand in the aggregate. I suppose
that there will be found about as much difference
from the true facts of the case in relation to other
States as there is in relation to the State of Ken-
tucky. I here charge that it is eminently dis-
graceful to the Administration and to the War
Office that there should not be more exact and
more reliable information in regard to these mat-
ters than is furnished to the Senate and the Con-
gress'of the United States. These men ought to
attend to their duties; they ought to have their
offices in good fix. I have been a clerk myself,
and I know how offices can be kept, and I know
that if there are competent men m these places
they may have their books in such position and
condition that all information in relation to these
things they can furnish to any proper authority,
that asks for the information, in a few hours.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to call on the Senator from Kentucky to
suspend his remarks. The further consideration
of this bill is postponed undcrthe authority of the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I close, and am willing to let
the vote be taken.
The PRESIDENT j)ro tempore. Under the rule
of the Senate the special order of the day, the un-
finished business of the last sitting, takes prece-
dence of all other business at this hour, and that
is the bill limiting the number of major and brig-
adier generals. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone that
order of business until this subject is disposed of.
I presume nobody else wishes to address the
Chair, and that the Senate is ready to vote on
this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the special order of the day be postponed for
the purpose of considering and disposing of the
appropriation bill before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not rise, sir, to make a
speech upon this question. It seems to me per-
fectly obvious that the bill must pass: it ought to
pass; and yet I do not exactly like to have the
matter go out to the country in the shape in which
it ispresented by thisdebate. It is no new thing
in the Senate to hear the question discussed as to
the number of volunteer soldiers we have in the
field, it is an old topic here. We have had itup
half a dozen times during this session, and about
the.same things have been said. Now, sir, I un-
dertake to say that the War Department is not so
much to blame as the Senator from Kentucky has
undertaken to assert, and as other Senators seem
to suppose. Look atit a little; see how this thing
is arranged. I will take my own State. 1 think
I know a little more than Senators generally in re-
lation to the number of men we have from the
State of New York. I can tell the Senate that we
have sent from New York into the field one hun-
dred and five regiments of infantry, and we have
sent from New Yorkintothe field eleven regiments
of cavalry, and we have sent four regiments of ar-
tillery, making altogether one hundred and twenty
regiments that we have sent into the field out of
that State, besides the fragments and skeletons of
regiments that are yet there unfinished. Of these
one hundred and twenty, two regiments have been
disbanded, one regiment of infantry and one of
cavalry, leaving in the service of the United Stairs
from the State of New York now one bundled
and eighteen regiments. Those regiments wore
organized under the State administration; they
were organized by the Governor, they were sent
forward by the Governor; the number of men in
those regiments may have been known to the
Governor, and it may not; I doubt whether it
was. But whether it was or not, how can he tell
now, how can anybody tell the number of men
in those regiments? I have a letter that I have
received within the last three days from a briga-
dier general from my State now in the army at
Yorktown. Speaking of one favorite regiment
from my State, he says that regiment entered the
service last October more than a thousand strong,
and now they cannot muster much more than five
hundred men. How can the Government here
know anything about that? And so with respect
to other regiments: men are sick, men die, and
men are discharged; how can the Administration
here know anything about it? They mustgetall
the information they have from the States, and if
the States are unable to furnish that information,
I ask the Senate how it can be obtained, and how
can they be guilty of such dereliction of duty as
is imputed to them in this respect?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator does not suppose
that information as to the number of men dis-
charged goes to the States. For instance, the num-
ber of men discharged from that regiment near
Yorktown should be reported from the regimental
officers to the brigade officers, and come through'
the regular channels here.
Mr. HARRIS. Of course, I know that. I
know the Department here can tell how many men
they discharge.
Mr. GRIMES. Then if they knew how many
men they had at the start 
Mr. HARRIS. That is the trouble; they do
not. How are they going to know ?
Mr. GRIMES. Do they not know how many
men were in that regiment when it was mustered
into the service of the United States?
Mr. HARRIS. Perhaps so.
Mr. GRIMES. The mustering officer makes
report the moment it is done to the Adjutant Gen-
eral, and the Adjutant General, if he has his books
entered up, as 1 have no doubt he has, credits suclf
a State with such a regiment, containing such a
number of men.
Mr. HARRIS. Until within thirty days al-
most every regiment in the whole volunteer army
has had recruiting officers out bringing in now
men.
Mr. GRIMES. Every recruiting officer is re-
quired to make his regular monthly report; and
w6 have given to the Adjutant General's office a
sufficient number of clerks to keep all these ac-
counts up square and straight—-just as regularly
as the book-keeper of any mercantile establish-
ment keeps his books.
Mr. HARRIS. Sir, I undertake to say that to
keep such an account as that with all the regi-
ments of volunteers from all the States, is utterly
impracticable. With all the force they have in
the War Department, it cannot be done, I think
I can approximate very nearly to the amount of
men from my State, and I think Senators, who
will take as much pains as I have, in reference to
their own States, will come near it. That is as
well as we can do. We have one hundred and
eighteen regiments and twelve batteries of artil-
lery from New York, or about equal to one hun-
dred and twenty regiments. I suppose they came
into the field averaging about eight hundred men,
but I presume they are very greatly reduced now.
I have thought all along that gentlemen, Senators
and others, were entirely over-estimating the num-
ber of men, active, efficient men, that we have in
the service. I do not believe that this day the
United States have half a million of men in the
field. This on my part is a mere guess; but, on
the best estimate I can make, there are less than
half a million of men in the field. We over-esti-
mate these things altogether; we have been in the
habit of doing it. How often have we heard it
said m this Congress that we had two hundred
thousand or two hundred and fifty thousand men
here last winter? We never had anything like
that number of men fit for service here. You can-
not get at the precise number; but if you reason
about it, if you look at general facts, you will be
foiced to the conclusion that we could not have
had so many efficient men. I do not believe that
we have now seventy-five thousand men in the
field fit for service from the State of New York,
with our hundred and twenty regiments.
Mr, GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
suggest thatthequestion beforeus isnothow many
efficient men we have, but how many men we are
paying. We pay the men who are in hospitals.
Mr. HARRIS. I know that.
Mr. GRIMES. The question is not what is
the efficient force of the Army, but what is the
entire force.
Mr. DAYIS. Only a word, sir. Ihavesome
little knowledge of this matter of mustering men
into the service of the United States, or into the
service of the State with a view to their being
transferred from the State to the service of the
United States. I acted as a mustering officer, and.
1 caused three separate rolls of each company to
be made out; and, as I understood, one of them
was intended to be transmitted, and I doubt not
was transmitted, to the office of the Adjutant Gen-
eral of the United States. Those rolls would
furnish that office with the exact number, and
the name of every officer and man that was mus-
tered into the service of any State, and out of the
service of that State into the service of the Uni-
ted States. Gentlemen have been inquiring all
this session for a little exact information at any
time, at any date, in relation to this matter. Can
the Senator from New York, or the Department,
or the Committee on Military Affairs tell us ex-
actly the number of men that were in the service
of the United States on any day between the com-
mencement of this session of Congress and the
present time? I say that the failure or inability of
the War Office to furnish that information is dis-
graceful; but such it seems is the order in which
that office is found. The public opinion of the
U nited States of America ought not to tolerate such
a state of things. If I understand it aright, every
company in the whole Army of the United States
ought to make a daily report of the strength and
the condition of its force, and this report ought to
be transmitted from office to office until ultimately
it reaches, as the grand reservoir, the office of the
Adjutant General of the United States, and there
they ought to collate them and give us the inform-
ation. It is because the office is totally unable to
give any such information, even to an approxi-
mate degree, that censure has been cast there, and
I believe very properly and justly.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The business
properly before the Senate, under the rules, is the
bill (S. No. 207) limiting the number of major
and brigadier generals. It is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, which takes precedence among
the special orders. That bill is before the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, and the question is
upon the amendment moved by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hai.e,] to strike out
" two hundred," and insert "one hundred ahd
eighty," as the number of brigadier generals.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Duvis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Hale, llathin, llowe, Kennedy, Powell, Saulsbury,
Sumner, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Mis-,
souri—16,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Collnnier, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Lane of In-
diana, Lime oi* Kansas, Morrill, Pooicroy, Simmons,
Stark, Ten Eyck, WilJey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment, made as in Committee of the
Whole, (which was to fix the number of major
generals at thirty instead of twenty,) was con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe there is no special
order now before the Senate———
Mr. SIMMONS. I gave way to the bill of the
Senator from Maine a while ago, supposing there
would be no debate upon it. i should like now
to call up the bill for the establishment of a De-
partment of Agriculture, which was the special
order for to-day at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* h can come
up now on motion only; it does not stand as a
special order.
