1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
been sacrificed without reason; and we do not
know how it was done or by whom it was or-
dered. I allude to one of the cases that is men-
tioned in the original resolution—the disaster at
Ball's Bluff, I believe it was callcd. There is but
one opinion about that throughout the country.
Well, sir, the reputation of our officers is at
stake. The Administration, in the discharge of
its duty—I have noquestion, fori throw no fault
upon anybody; I am a friend of the Administra-
tion, and its supporter—has seen fit to take cer-
tain steps with regard to men. 1 do not complain
of it. They know, unquestionably, what they
are about. But, sir, while there is this agitation
in the public mind; while there are so many ideas
afloat; so many accusations, unfounded, perhaps,
in a very great degree; and no inquiry is made
and no step taken to enlighten the public in rela-
tion to the matter—that public which carries on
this war, and which furnishes the means for carry-
ing it on—shall we, who are the agents of that
public, be told that during its progress, be it longer
or shorter, we are to ask no questions, make no
complaints, no investigations, Know nothing, say
nothing, and inquire nothing about it? I should
conceive myself derelict to my duty if I were to
indulge that idea for a single moment. I hold it
to be our bounden duty, impressed upon us by
our position here, to keep an anxious, watchful
eye over all the executive agents who are carry-
ing on the war at the direction of the people,
whom we represent and whom we are bound to
protect in relation to this matter.
Nor, sir, do I see at all the difficulty that is
stated by the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut. Are we not men of somedegree of sense and
discretion? Are we sent here, Senators, chosen
men of States, Representatives, the select men of
the people in the several districts, without any
idea whatever of a correct and proper course of
proceeding in relation to this matter? Is it prob-
able that we should take a general from the head
of his army at the moment that he is about to
fight a battle? It is said that that has been done,
not by Congress, but by the executive agencies.
Whether it is so or not, I do not pretend to know
or say. I have no opinion upon that subject at
all. Sir, we can make this inquiry at the present
time; and if an inquiry is necessary, it is neces-
sary before we undertake to appropriate the hun-
dreds of millions of dollars that we must appro-
priate and put into the hands of these agents. We
must satisfy the people of this country that things
go on well, or we shall find ourselves in a condi-
tion very soon when they will not go on at all.
If we should send our messenger to summon or
command or request the attendance of an officer
here to give testimony at an improper time when
he was needed elsewhere, I take it we should ac-
cept his excuse; but if a commanding general un-
dertook to impiison our messenger for obeying
our order, I am very glad that my friend is not
the general; for I am afraid if he took such a course
he would get himself into a difficulty from which
he could hardly extricate himself.
Sir, we are not under the command of the mil-
itary of this country. They are under ours as a
Congress; and I stand here to maintain it. Say
what men may, we are not second; we are first,
for we are the representatives of the people, and
our behests, so far as they are within the limits
of our constitutional authority, are to be obeyed
by all. I never will consent that I am second and
under the control of the military of this country,
either in this District or out of it, when I stand
here in the discharge of my duty as a Senator.
I hold then, sir, that this inquiry is eminently
proper, and I hold also that it is proper with ref-
erence to the reputation of officers. Rumors are
circulating throughout the country in all direc-
tions that this officer or that officer—men of emi-
nence, men of fame, men whom we have put in
high places, or who have been put in high places
by the Executive in pursuance of the laws of the
land—have not done their duty. Well,sir, is this
to go on from week to week, month to month, and
perhaps from year to year, with unfounded im-
putations, perhaps, resting upon the fame of men?
I hold not. It is due to them. I am not disposed
to throw any imputation whatever upon anybody
for not making an inquiry heretofore. The ques-
tion is, whether we can order it? That is conceded.
Whether it will do harm? That I do notbelieve.
I think it is a gentle hint which is necessary at
this particular time; that the representatives of the
people who are carrying on this war deem it their
duty to keep a watchful eye over the proceedings
of executive agents whatever they be called and
whatever may be their position.
Since this resolution has been moved (perhaps
I would rather have deferred it until a later time)
and the question has been raised, I see no harm
to come from it. I believe that sound, sensible,
and judicious men can be found in Congress to
do all with reference to this investigation that
may be necessary, without careless and prema-
ture publications of words caught up here and
there with reference to men or to things; that they
can wisely and carefully investigate and give to
us, if needed, the result of their investigations.
I believe there are no better friends of this
country, that there arc no men more in favor of
carrying on this war well and supporting the Ad-
ministration in whatever it does that is right and
proper, than those in this Chamber. We are the
friends of the Government, and we are the sup-
porters of the present unfortunate, unhappy war
on the part of the United States against the rebels.
Sir, I trust that we shall not withdraw from our
duty; but as we are the friends and supporters of
the measures now in contemplation for a great
purpose, one which will make a passage in his-
tory hardly to be excelled in importance by any-
thing that has been or can be written there, that
we shall do our duty faithfully and fearlessly in
the discharge of the high trust that is imposed
upon us, without reference to any fear of what
may happen to others.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I should
have preferred the original resolution, but I see
there is a difference of opinion about it. I, there-
fore, accept the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, and trust it will receive a unanimous vote,
and that the Senate and the country will be sat-
isfied with the action of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The original prop-
osition having been voted on by the Senate is now
within the power of the Senate, and it is not there-
fore competent for the Senator to accept it. It
will require a vote of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I concur
with what has been said by the Senator from
Maine; but I think the resolution does not go far
enough. If Senators will observe the phraseology
of the resolution, they will perceive that the in-
quiry is confined to the disasters of the war. Sir,
it seems to me that a broader inquiry is the chief
duty of this session. The business of voting ap-
propriations is easily disposed of; but if we ignore
the high duty imposed upon us as representatives
of the people to investigate the conduct of the
war and of all the officers of the Government, we
neglect the chief duty that is now imposed on us.
To confine this inquiry to the disasters of the
war would be to cripple and limit the proposed
committee in all its operations. In my judgment,
this ought to be a committee of inquiry into the
general conduct of the war.
There are many things that have occurred dur-
ing the course of this war that need our inquiry.
Not merely the misfortunes in the field at Ball's
Bluff and other places, but many orders that have
been issued from different departmentsof the Gov-
ernment, the conduct of many of our generals m
the field, the conduct of many of the officers con-
nected with the commissary and other depart-
ments of the Government—all these should be
rigidly inquired into without fear, favor, or affec-
tion. We all know very well—we have read it
in the newspapers within a few days—that one of
our generals said, in regard to operations in South
Carolina, that he would not take any of the cotton
there, which was being constantly destroyed by
rebels m arms, unless he could buy it from a
white man. If any general in our Army uttered
such a sentiment, he ought to be withdrawn from
command as unfit for duty.
It is also said in the newspapers, that another
general has excluded slaves and negroes from his
camp. That may be proper as a military meas-
ure, but the reason given for that exclusion is not
proper, and is dishonorable, it seems to me, to a
military officer. To say that those persons who,
according to experience, have given us the most !
reliable information, shall be excluded from our
camps because they are spies and would convey
intelligence to the enemy, is manifestly untrue.
Very many white people would act as spies, and
have acted as rebels, but I believe there has been
no case where these ignorant people, who have
been excluded from camp by one of our general
officers, have ever been found wanting in duty or
in allegiance to this country. Therefore, I con-
sider such an orderupon such a pretense as highly
improper.
But there is another thing, Senators; one of the
most remarkable that has happened in any war.
One of your high officers of the Government—the
Adjutant General of the United States—travels all
over the country, outside of his office, to pick up
scraps of testimony, stuff that would not be in-
troduced before any justice of the peace, collects
them together, presents them to the President of
the United States, and has this lot of stuff—I can
call it by no other name—published. Men's char-
acters, men's reputations, that are dear to them,
are put at hazard by conduct like this. Private
conversations held in the confidence of friendship;
loose opinions drawn from military associates
perverted and torn from their context; secrets of
high importance for which the spies of the enemy
would seek in vain, all, all are furnished, and that,
too, by the officer who must, from his official po-
sition, be in trusted with all the secrets of the Army.
If Senators overlook this act of a high officer of
the Government they fail to do their duty. I do
not care whom it strikes, or where it strikes; if
any man in this Government should, with good
or bad motive, do anything to injure his country,
he ought to be exposed, whatever may be the
consequences.
Mr. President, when I came to the city of Wash-
ington I could not help but notice the striking con-
trast between the feeling here and the feeling at
home. Among the people of the States there is
everywhere a fine, generous, noble enthusiasm.
Men are willing to give up their lives to their
country. I camc from a region of country where
I saw men worth thousands of dollars, living in
independence, with every comfort around them,
come forward and sign their names to an enlist-
ment by which they engaged to serve as common
soldiers in this war. I saw old men bring their
sons, robust, stalwart youths, to fight for their
country. I saw mothers and fathers all willing
to give at least one or more members of their fam-
ily to fight the battles of the country. Every-
where there was the same fine, generous feeling,
and a desire to carry on this war with vigor and
energy. I do not see that feeling manifested here.
On the contrary, in many departmentsof the Gov-
ernment there have been constant impediments
thrown in the way of the organization of our mil-
itary forces. I speak this knowing what 1 say,
and willing to prove it.
I have been told by one officer of the Govern-
ment that if you take the regular officers of the
Army and attach them to the volunteers you
would break up the old Army. Why, sir, where
is the old Army? Some of the most intelligent
and able of that Army are now fighting against
us. Much of the old Army surrendered, without
striking a blow, in Texas. What has become of
the old Army? It ought to be among the things
of the past. All there is good left of the old Army
should be distributed among the volunteers. Young
men of high intelligence, who have been educated
at the expense of the Government, are now chas-
ing drunken recruits in the large citics for the pur-
pose of filling up the regular Army, while thou-
sands of fine, spirited young men from the country
are begging for a commander. That course of
policy has been pursued from the beginning of
the war. In order to preserve the esprit de corps
of the old Army, men of education, of character,
and of experience, have been withheld from the
service of their country in the only place where
they can render that service, and have been kept
recruiting in the whisky holes of the cities. Sir,
it seems to me that is not the spirit that must
guide this war before it can come to a successful
conclusion. It seems to me, if we could all here
catch the spirit that prevails in the country, if we
could all here feel as our people at home feel, this
war would not last long. There every man is in-
spired with a conviction that this war is simply
to preserve our country; to preserve its nation-
ality; to preserve its history; to show to all na-
tions and to all time that a republican government
can survive at least a century of peace and pros-
perity. No, Mr. President, this war will never
be carried to a successful issue until all the peo-
