1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
making more by embarking in new projects so
objectionable to the friends we now need so much.
Can we not await a little longer the tide of events
before we engage in doing that which, even if
there were nothing else against it, all must agree
is now premature? Is not our first duty to carry
on the great war we have undertaken, till we have
triumphantly secured the great end for which we
wage it, without anticipating that triumph, and
perhaps losing it by yielding ourselves to that pre-
mature anticipation?
For my own part, I can only see my duty clearly
by confining my vision to the sole end of restor-
ing the supremacy of the Constitution and laws
over the whole territory of the Union, and then
all else is easy. May God grant this consum-
mation.
Mr. MO&RILL. If it is the purpose of the
Senate to proceed with the consideration of this
bill at the present time, I desire to submit some
observations in relation to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Ifthe Sen-
ator from Maine will give way, I desire to make
a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted a
report from the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 37) in relation to certain
railroads in the State of Missouri. The report is
that the Senate recede from its amendment to
strike out the preamble, and agree to the pream-
ble, with an amendment striking out the words
"by the public enemies, and in consideration
thereof."
The report was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 4, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report of the
Adjutant General, in answer lo a resolution of the
House of Representatives of January 22, 1862;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CAPTAIN GOLDSBOROUGH.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Presi-
dentofthe United States,recommending that Cap-
tain Louis M. Goldsborough receive a vote of
thanks of Congress for his services and gaHantry
displayed in the combined attack of the foices
commanded by him and Brigadier General Burn-
side, in the capturc of Roanoke island and the de-
struction of rebel gunboats on the 7th, 8th, and
10th of February, 1862; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
CONTRACTS FOR TENTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee on contracts bft directed
to inquire what contracts* lor hospital tents have been re-
cently made with Mowa. Fov & Poihemus, what notice
was given, what number connacted foi, and on what terms;
also, whether the paitieular variety of duck requued to be
used in making such tent* was not such as to preclude
competition on the part of other parties.
INCREASED CLERICAL FORCE.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that bill of the House
No. 302. for the appointment of additional clerks
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Now
York, find for other purposes, which has been
returned from the Senate with two immaterial
amendments, be taken from the Speaker's table
and the amendments concurred in.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
and the amendments of the Senate were read and
concurred in,as follows:
First amendment:
Page 1, line twelve, aftgr the word " watchmen," insert
"for the current and next fiscal years."
Second amendment:
Page J, line fourteen, after the word "appropriated," in-
sert" estimates for compensation for such additional clerks,
messengers, and watchmen, after the next fiscal year, shall
be submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury with his
annual estimates."
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I call up the contested-election case of Kline vs.
Verree. I ask for the reading of the resolutions
reported by the Committee of Elections.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That John Kline is not entitled to a seat in this
House as a Representative in the Thirty-Seventh Congress
from the third congressional district in Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That John P. Verree is entitled to the seat
now occupied by him as Representative in the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress from the third congressional distnetin Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose, with the leave of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, to move to
amend the first resolution by striking out the word'
" not" before the word u entitled."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for that purpose ?
Mr. DAWES. I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I offer that amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I presume that
every member of the House has read the report
in this case, No. 40, and presuming that every
member of the House understands the report, it
is hardly worth while for mc to say any thing fur-
ther upon the case, but merely to state it. I do
not propose, therefore, to argue the case now.
This case arises in the third congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, consisting of several wards
in the city of Philadelphia, and the case brings
up, to some extent, the same questions thatwere
considered in another contested-election case by
this House during its present session. It differs,
however, somewhat from that case, and to the
differences I propose to call the attention of the
House.
Some portion of the report is taken up with a
discussion of the manner in which the papers in
this case were prepared and the issue presented to
the committee; and I think that it is not inappro-
priate forme to call the attention of the House, for
a moment or two at least, to that fact.
As long ago as 1851, there was an attempt on
the part of Congress to reduce the matter of con-
tested elections in this House to some sort of
science, and to prescribe the forms and methods in
which they shall be conducted so as to bring cases
to some definite issue before trial, and to secure a
speedy hearing and determination in-each case.
It has been determined since, after some discus-
sion and struggle in the House, that that law is
not binding as a law, and that departures from it
do not necessarily render the proceedings void;
because each House is itself the sole judge of the
election of its members, and therefore the sole judge
of the methods by which that election shall be de-
termined. But, nevertheless, all Houses of Rep-
resentatives, since the passage of that law, have
felt it to be wise as a rule, and to be held to in all
cases unless there were some strong and para-
mount reasons for a departure from it. The House
was very strict in its adherence to this law up to
the last Congress; so that I do not know of any
precedents that justified any material departures
from the requirements of the law; indeed, I re-
member that, in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, so
strictly did the House hold parties to the require-
ments of this law that a sitting member, although
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House during all the time prescribed by
law for taking testimony, and thus unable to take
any testimony himself, was subsequently, when
he made application to take testimony, cut off by
a vote of the House from doing so.
But there were departures from the law for what
were deemed to be good reasons in the last Con-
gress, and there has been a growing disposition,
if I may be allowed so to speak in reference to the
House, to depart from the rules prescribed by that
law not only very much to the inconvenience of
the parties contesting and of the tribunal hear-
ing the parties contesting, but very much, in the
opinion of the committee, to the detriment of the
hearing itself. And the present case presents a
striking instance of that fact. While the statute
attempts to prescribe that there shall be prelim-
inary pleadings in a case with the purpose and
evident intention of bringing the parties to a defi-
nite issue, with some analogy to pleadings in
common law, in this case there was nothing on
the part of the contestant that at all approached
to any compliance with the statute. The com-
mittee have not felt themselves at liberty to pass
overthese departures so frequently occurring, and
they therefore instructed me in making this report
to call the attention of the House to the fact. A
portion of this report is devoted to that part of
this case. The committee, however, lest injustice
might be done to the contestant in this case, per-
mitted him orally and before the committee to
amend the pleading, and state precisely what he
did intend to rely upon, and upon what points, in
order to present an issue to the committee and to
the House. That issue is, that in twelve of the
precincts in the wards composing the third con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, the return
officers in counting the votes made mistakes,and
mistakes to thatextentas,on arecount,to change
the result, and to turn a'majority of twenty-two
for the sitting member into a majority of eight for
the contestant. There is no allegation of fraud
touching either of these counts, but that the mis-
takes were the result of inadvertence and careless-
ness on the part of the officers.
I suppose the House will recollect, from the
discussion which was had in the case of the con-
testant, Butler, from the first congressional district
of Pennsylvania, precisely what the law is in ref-
erence to the preparation and counting of these
ballots, the returns to be made, and the preserva-
tion of the ballot-boxes. There are judges and
other officers appointed to attend upon elections,
to count the ballots m the manner prescribed by
the statute, and to make a sworn return upon the
night of the election, and that is to be taken on the
Friday following to a board of officers composed
of the return judges, and they are to certify the
result of the polls of the district to the Governor,
and the Governor is to issue his proclamation.
All this was done in this case. But it is claimed
that, as to twelve of these districts, there was care-
lessness or mistake in the count on the night of
the election, and that the returns so made were
false in fact. There is no allegation and no claim
that they were intentionally false on the part of
the return judges. It is the duty of these judges,
after having so counted the votes, to put them all
back in the same ballot-boxes, tying up the bal-
lot-boxes in a particular manner with tape, to put
a seal upon it, and carry it to the magistrate re-
siding nearest to the precinct; and it is his duty
to keep the ballot-box. There is no provision of
law as to how long he shall keep it, or in what
particular manner; but it is to be kept for the pur-
pose of being subject to be opened by any tribunal
authorized to examine into the election.
These ballot-boxes were all so returned. There
was in this case no difficulty m the mind of the
committee as to identifying the ballot-boxes of
.these twelve divisions. On that point each of the
aldermen who received the ballot-boxes testifies
to the fact that the particular ballot-box was the
one that it claimed to be. In all of these cas'es
about which there was contest m this election,
the boxes were labeled when received.
The election was held on the second Tuesday
of October, 1860. This contest was commenced
immediately on the Governor's giving his certifi-
cate of election to the sitting member. The notice
of contest was then served by the contestant, and
an answer was made in due season by the sitting
member. Testimony was taken on the part of
both contestant and sitting member; but the bal-
lot-boxes were not approached until the 8th of
January following. From the 8th to the 26th all
these ballot-boxes were opened in the presence of
the magistrates taking the testimony. They were
therefore in the custody of the magistrates from
the second Tuesday in October until about the
second Tuesday in January—a period of three
months. They were therefore in the custody of
the law, although, the law itself provided very
inadequately for their security, and has since seen
its defect and remedied it by additional legislation.
In a former case of contested election in this
House, a majority of the committee were of
