32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
pie of the northern States, and all the loyal people
of this country, are actuated by one idea: that it
mustbe carried on with whatever sacrifice and cost
simply to preserve our nationality, and to pre-
serve the unity and indivisibility of this Republic.
I know that very often, especially by some of
niy friends whom f now see before me, the ques-
tion of slavery and the negro is spoken of in this
contest. I record here my solemn conviction that
before this war is over slavery will almost, if not
entirely, cease to be in this country; but at the
same time I say that this war ought to be carried
on without any regard at all to the subject of sla-
very or slaves. It ought to be carried on to preserve
a free government for free men, without regard to
that institution at all. It must bo carried on in
that spirit, or else we are divided and distracted
by dissensions and strifes. Let us carry it 011 in
that spirit. Let us convince every loyal citizen,
wherever he may live, that the object of this war,
its purpose and only end, is to preserve the Gov-
ernment of our fathers.
My mode of dealing with that troublesome
question (if it is proper to allude to it here) would
be this: I would do everything to strike at rebels;
confiscate their land, their houses, their slaves,
anything. When they take up arms against this
Government, when they commit the act of rebel-
lion, they forfeit their lives by the Constitution of
the United States; they lose everything. I would
do everything to protect and uphold the loyal
people of these United States wherever they live,
m Tennessee, in Kentucky, in Virginia if there
are any left. Everywhere, wherever they may be
found, I would uphold their hands, secure them in
all their local rights, support, and defend them.
Confiscate everything you choose that is the prop-
erty of rebels, and I will join with you—their
slaves, their property, everything take from them;
but stand by those who amid trials stand by you
and their country. I imagine, when the Govern-
ment of the United States confiscates negroes and
slaves, and is substituted in place of the owners of
that property, that the Government of the United
States will not sell those slaves; and you can all
see the logical effect of this doctrine. At the same
time, you must conduct this war not only with
energy and spirit, but so as to convince all loyal
people, without regard to previous political rela-
tions, without regard to sections or localities, that
this war is conducted for the preservation of the
Government, for the Union and the Constitution.
Then let it be conducted with energy, and infuse
into all the departments of this Government the
spirit that pervades your people, and I tell you
this war will end; and instead of being a record
of disasters, as it has been heretofore, it will be a
proud record to which you and your children may
point for ages to come.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to meet the views of
the Senator from Ohio, I propose to modify the
substitute which I have offered, so as to make it
read:
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives coji-
currin%,) That a joint eommittce of three members of the
Senate, and four member of the House ofllepiesentatives
be appointed to mquiie into the conduct of the present
war, and that the> have power to bend lor persons and
papers, and to sit during the sessions of either House of Con-
gress.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that is a little too
broad; it is not quite pointed enough. I think
that while the conduct of the war generally should
be inquired into, there are one or two events in
its progress that deserve to be pointed at a little
more than this general resolution does. I con-
fess that amongst those I think is that one allu-
ded to in the resolution originally introduced by
the Senator from Michigan—the disaster at Ball's
Bluff. I think the sentiment of this country looks
upon that as one of the most egregious crimes
that was ever committed. It was without excuse
or apology. Sir, there were some of the best
citizens of New England, and especially of Mas-
sachusetts—1 have no right especially to speak
of them—that were thrown like slaughtered ani-
mals into the Potomac, and some of the best
blood of New England was wasted and sacrificed
on that occasion; and as gallant and eloquent a
man as over graced this Chamber was tuthlessly
slain, and, in the opinion of the country ^sacrificed,
slaughtered. I think it deserves a little more
pointed place in the resolution than it has in the
diluted form in which it is presented by my hon-
orable friend from Iowa. As the matter is in the
hands of the Senator from Michigan, however, I
will leave it with him, but these are my convic-
tions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I take it that the commit-
tee, under the resolution as it now stands, will
have power to investigate the specific cases al-
luded to by the Senator from New Hampshire.
I am satisfied with the resolution as it stands.
Mr. HALE. I move to add, " especially the
disaster at Ball's Bluff."
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will accept
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Morrill
in the chair.) It will be considered as so amended,
if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better stand on
the resolution as modified by the Senator from
Iowa. That is a general proposition, and covers
the whole case; and, as a Senator suggests to me,
the committee may be instructed at any time.
I have a right, Mr, President, to feel as deeply
as any Senator can feel in regard to the disaster at
Ball's Bluff, and I have listened attentively to the
remarks that have been made in regard to it. I
have not the information that leads me to give an
intelligent opinion upon that subject. I think
none of us have the information that will enable
us to fix the responsibility anywhere. We can-
not say who is responsible, nor whether it shall
rest with the living or the dead.
The committee will have the general power of
investigating all these subjects; and 1 think that
ample and sufficient. I was giad to hear to-day
the Senator from Ohio make the suggestion that
this proposition should cover something more
than a few battle-fields. It seems to me, sir, that
we have had a series of military mistakes made;
but the greatest mistakes after all that have been
made in this war, have been the series of irre-
sponsible proclamations made by generals in the
field. It is time these proclamations ceased. I
would put a law upon the statute-book forbidding
any general to issue a proposition or an order
concerning the rights of any classes of the com-
munity, unless that proposition or that proclama-
tion came from the executive department of the
Government of the United States. I think the
time has come when these proclamations should
cease; when this nation should cease to speak to
the world with a forked tongue; and when the
Government of the country should have a con-
sistent policy in regard to these measures.
As to the failures in the field, it is very easy,
sir, to criticise them; but we should all remem-
ber that we have no men in America of military
experience on anything like the scale on which
they are now required to act. We have had a
little army of fourteen or fifteen thousand men.
No man in this country ever led into action before
this war twelve thousand men. We have an army
now in the field of half a million of men. We
have generals who have been trained in the mili-
tary service of the country, but oil a small scale.
We are calling the military talent of the country
into the field. It takes more than twenty thou-
sand officers to officer the military force now in
the field in this country, and we have but very
few men that can claim any military experience.
Those who have any military experience, have
it upon a very small scale indeed.
That mistakes have been made and will be
made, no one can doubt. We should expect
them. Military mistakes were made in the Revo-
lution, and in the last war with England, and they
will be made until our armies are trained and
fitted, as soldiers, for their duties. Wehavehad,
i I think, some of the grossest blunders, but I be-
I lieye the greatest mistake of all, in a military
point of view, has taken place down on the coast
of the Carolinas.
I am willing, sir, to have this investigation. I
have no doubt a committee of the two Houses of
Congress will act judiciously, and that facts will
be brought out that may explain the affairs that
| have taken place, and put the responsibility of
! mistakes where it justly belongs; but 1 go for it
I more for the future than for the past, for we should
I teach men in civil and in military authority that
j the people expect that they will not make mis-
i takes, and that we shall not be easy with their
errors. The public voice demands that all the
capacity, all the character, all that men have and
are, shall be given to the cause of the country. I
want military men to understand that they are not
to stand upon technicalities for the preservation
of the old Army, or the getting up of a new one.
Such things are all to pass away, and they are to
toil night and day to bring this war to a success-
ful conclusion. Wecannotlielpthepast. Ishould
like to see the responsibility of the errors of the
past placed where it belongs; but I think the prop-
osition before us showing the tone and temper of
Congress; showing, I think, the will of the people
at home, will teach a lesson that maybe heeded,
and may be, therefore, conducive to the public
good. I vote for it more in the hope of the good
that is to be done in the future by it, than to bring
before the country the mistakes of the past, or to
fix the responsibilities upon any class of men.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Morrill
in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa proposed
to modify his resolution; and the question is upon
agreeing to that modification. The Chair will
consider that as the sense of the Senate unless
objection be made. The Chair hears no objec-
tion; and the question now recurs on the adop-
tion of the resolution, as modified.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Kins, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Mor-
rill, l'eaiee, Poraeroy, Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck. Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Cariile, Latham, and Rice—3.
So the resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 9, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Messrs. Critte\tde>t and Mallory of Ken-
tucky, Brown of Virginia, Browne of Rhode
Island, and Wood of New York, appeared in their
seats to-day.
DELEGATE QUALIFIED.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a question
of privilege. 1 present the credentials of John B.
S.Todd, Delegate elect from the Territory of
Dakotah. I hsk that he be qualified.
Mr. Todd appeared and qualified by taking the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be authorized
to employ a clerk, at the usual compensation for the time
actually and necessarily employed.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
1 am instructed by the Committee of Elections to
report the following resolution:
Resolved, That S, F. Beach, contesting the right of Hon.
Chaiies H. Upton to a seat in this Hou^e a Representative
from the seventh district of the State of Virginia be, and he is
heieby, required to set vc upon said Upton", within six days
after the passage of tins resolution, a particular statement
of the grounds of snid contest, and that said Upton be, and
he is hereby, reqtiiied to seivc upon said lieaeti his? answer
theieto in six days theieaftei, and that both parties be al-
lowed twenty days next after the service of said answer,
to take testimony in support of their sc\ eral allegations
and denials befoie t-ome poison residua; in said districtor
the Distiict of Columbia, authonzed by the laws of Vir-
ginia or of the United Slates to take deposition^; but in
a!I other respect1? in the manner preseubed in the act of
Febiuary 19,1&>I.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES, At the last session, the House
ordered the papers in this ease to be printed.
For some reason or other that order has not been
complied with, and I renew the motion now that
all the papers in the case of that contested elec-
tion be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
( the Clerk that the order was made last session.
i Mr. DAWES. I have stated that the order was
- made, but it never has been executed. There are
I now some new papers in the case which have been
