1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
partments of the Government whose chief was
appointed from political considerations. That is
what lie urged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How will the chief of
this one be appointed?
Mr. SIMMONS. The President will appoint
him; and if he thinks proper, he will appoint
somebody who will not calculate on becoming a
Cabinetofficer. I know people shake their heads.
Senators seem to be determined to regard this
measure as one proposing an independent Depart-
ment, headed by and by with a Cabinet officer.
I do not know of any possible reason for appre-
hending it. The salary of the Commissioner cer-
tainly cannot be increased without a vote of Con-
gress. The bill onlygives him the common salary
of a head of a bureau, andgives him a chief clerk.
I do not see any difficulty in it. If Congress has
a mind to extravagantly waste the Treasury of
the Government in creating new establishments
hereafter, it will not be the fault of this bill. You
may say " this is an entering wedge; allow this, and
it will assume these great proportions before long.''
But I do not believe that the agriculturists want
it to assume those proportions. They say they
do not want it to do so. The Senator from New
Hampshire says that if they should come here
peiitioniiiir, their prayer would be to be let alone.
Here is their petition.
Mr. HALE. I did not say that.
Mr. SIMMONS. What was it ?
Mr. HALE. I said that if the genius of agri-
culture were impersonated before us.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is impersonated here in
the National Agricultural Society.
Mr. POSTER. The Senator from Rhode Island
certainly would have occasion to be surprised, if
any Senator on this floor opposed the agricultural
interest; but I have heard nobody oppose that
interest, and nobody speak of it, except with re-
spect and a desire to do all for it that we, under
the Constitution,could properly do. As it respects
the measure reported by him, and the amendment
that I propose to it, the difference between them
is not so great that the advocate of the one can
claim to be friendly to the agricultural interest,
and charge that the advocate of the other is its
opponent. The difference between the two meas-
ures is not very great. I do not claim it to be,
myself; but I say it is better, as it seems to me,
in taking the first step upon this subject, to create
a bureau in the Department of the Interior, rather
than to create a separate, independent Department.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask my friend
from Connecticut where he finds the constitutional
authority to do anything of the kind contemplated
by this bill, and the appropriations that have been
made for carrying it out heretofore ? Prom what
part of the Constitution does he derive the au-
thority of this Government to do what is contem-
plated to be done here?
Mr. POSTER. I have not looked into the Con-
stitution on the subject, and I would rather not go
into a constitutional argument at the present time
upon the question. I might not, if I argued it at
great length, succeed in convincing the Senator
from Pennsylvania, if he has made up his mind
that it is unconstitutional, and I take it my effort
would fail, if I should make one, so far as that
goes. I do not think the Senate generally have
any scruples on the subject of creating a bureau
in the Department of tlie Interior, separate from
that of the Patent Office, to promote, so far as
either of these bills proposes to promote, the agri-
cultural interests of the country. If there are con-
stitutional difficulties, of course Senators will be
governed by them,and not vote for either of these
propositions. I confess I do not see any difficulty
of that sort. As I do not understand precisely
what the Senator's difficulties are, I probably
should fail altogether to remove them, if I should
attempt it.
I was remarking simply, sir, that in taking the
first step upon this subject, it is better, as it seems
to me, that we create a bureau, rather than create
an independent Department. If, after we have
created the bureau it seems advisable to make it
independent and to make it a Department, as the
Senator from Rhode Island suggests, it will be
perfectly easy to do it at the coming session, or at
any subsequent session of Congress. On the other
hand, if wo begin by making it a Department, cer-
tainly there will he no probability that we shall
ever reduce it, for we take no step down in regard
to bureaus or Departments ofthis description. The
probability is it will increase. As it seems to me,
we had better begin with a bureau and increase,
than to begin with a Department. The other ques-
tions in regard to the two bills are not very im-
portant. That is the most importantone; and that,
it seems to me, is a sufficient reason why the
amendment should be preferred to the original
bill. I presume the minds of Senators are gener-
ally made up on the subject, and I shall not, there-
fore, trespass on their time by arguing either in
favor of the one or against the other. Either is
short and simple, and is easily understood by
being read over, without any lengthened discus-
sion.
Mr. COWAN. I do not propose to oppose
strenuously the passage ofthis bill, because I think
the question would more properly arise if we at-
tempted to repeal the appropriation of $60,000
which has been already made for the purpose of
carrying out this project. As I look upon the Con-
stitution as containing the measure of our power
upon this or any other subject, I, as a general rule,
look to it in order to ascertain what we may or
what we may not do in the premises. Iagreewith
pretty much everything that has been said by the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire. I think
that has b<Ten the best teaching of the last three
hundred or four hundred years at least, that the
various departments of industry only desire from
the Government to be let alone; that the true gov-
ernmental function is to protect the people, furnish
to them security in their lives, their liberty, and
their property, so that every man may have what
he earns and may be enabled to keep it after he has
gotit; and the less Government meddles with it the
better. Now, in ascertaining what power we have
in regard to these things, I find the Constitution
provides that we have power " to promote the prog-
ress of science and useful arts." How? "Byse-
curing for limited times to authors and inventors
the exclusive right to their respective writings and
discoveries." There is the whole of it; and that is
why I put the question to the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, who is much better read and
much more conversant with these subjects than I
am, to know whether he had discovered any place
else from which he could derive this authority. If
we take that plain reading, we observe that we are
limited to two things: first, ifaman writes a book,
we have the right to say that he shall have the
exclusive right to the copy of it and to the sale of
it; second, if a man makes a new invention we have
a right to secure to him, for a limited time, the
exclusive right to make and vend the object of his
discovery; and there it ends. Upon alittle further
inquiry, I find that in the convention which framed
the Constitution there was a proposition made
which, if it had been carried, would have conferred
upon us the power to do what gentlemen desire
now to do by the bills that are before us. I read
from Story's Commentaries. Speaking of the
clause conferring upon Congress the authority to
secure to authors and inventors an exclusive right
to their writings and discoveries, he says:
"1155. In the liist draft of the Constitution, the clause is
not to be found ; but the subject was inferred to a commit-
tee, (among other propositions.) whose report was accept-
ed, and gave the clause in the very fonn in winch it now
stands m the Constitution. A nioic extensive pioposition
' to establish public institutions, rewards, and immunities
for the promotion of agriculture, commerce, and manufac-
tuies,' was (as lias been before stated) made and silently
abandoned."'
Now, sir, if this is true—and I have no doubt
it is—there is an end of it. We stand upon the
Constitution. We derive from it our authority
in the premises, and when it is shown that it was
proposed to give us that authority and that it was
withdrawn, 1 cannot sec how we are to get clear
of it.
I have no desire to be factious about this mat-
ter, although I am very free to say that I agree
with the wisdom of the constitutional prohibition.
I have no doubt that this is a misehief, and a mis-
chief which has been gradually accumulating until
it has swallowed up half a million of the people's
money for nothing. In 1839 an appropriation of
$1,000 was slipped into a genera! appropriation
bill for the purpose of gathering agricultural sta-
tistics. In 1851 that had risen to $5,000. lhen,
in connection with the statistics, an officer was
appointed to procure seeds and cuttings; and now
it has gone on, without, as I say, a particle of
warrant under the Constitution, and directly in
the teeth of the record of the formation of that
Constitution, until $60,000, the interest upon
$1,000,000 of the national-debt, is appropriated,
and for what? To furnish to the people what they
can buy at one twentieth of the cost at any seed-
store in any village in the country. What is.
worse about it, I understand that one half of these
seeds will not grow when they are distributed.
That is the universal reputation they have in my
country. I do not know how it is with other gen-
tlemen who distribute them.
What is the object of it? Why is this interest
manifested in this thing by so many people about
here ? I have had already repeated applications
made to me by gentlemen who desire to be at the
head of this Department. One in particular, I re-
member, a young gentleman that I was satisfied
had never touched a plow in any way,particu-
larly the handle. He wanted to be at the head of
this Department. " Why," said I," whatdoyou
know of agriculture ?" Said he, " I have written
more on that subject, I think, than any man in this
country." 1 found out that he was a newspaper
reporter, and that his knowledge of agriculture had
been acquired at fairs, where he inspected immense
cabbages and large pumpkins, and reported upon
them to the newspapers of whom he was corre-
spondent. [Laughter.] I have understood, too,
that this agricultural department of the Interior
keeps a gentleman abroad at a salary of $3,000 a
year, for the purpose of purchasing seeds to dis-
tribute among our people. It has been hinted, too,
that when the period of his sojourn abroad is about
to terminate he falls upon the fag-end of some Eu-
ropean seed store, the germs of which seeds have
departed and gone to the "tomb of the Capulets,"
and lie buys them for a song, comes here and
charges them to the Government at a high rate,
and we distribute them among the people for the
purpose of improving their breeds of domestic
plants. It reminds me very much of the Irish-
man, who, desirous to improve the breed of cattle
in his country, imported a yoke of oxen. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. President, I think it is a great mistake to
suppose that the cry for this Department comes
from the farmers If there is one thing ridiculous
in the country among the farmers, it is that Sen-
ators of the United States and Representatives in
Congress are busied, as a part of their legislative
duties, with the distribution of turnip seeds, beet
seeds, onion seeds, and all those things among
them. Sir, the people we represent have some
sense, a good deal of sense, a great deal more than
they get credit for; and if we were to adopt the*
method of some countries,not to embark ourselves
in governmental enterprises until we were com-
pelled to do it by the actual pressure of the people,
very few schemes which are now mooted here
wsuld find favor.
I am in favor of confining this Government, its
powers, and its functions, as they are confined by
the Constitution strictly. I think we should find
that wise. I have no doubt the framers of it were
wiser than we are by far, and they were not sub-
ject to the influences which are now brought to
'bear upon us to divert us away from the channels
in which they intended that the Government should
run. I would, therefore, be in favor strongly of
a proposition to repeal that section of the appro-
priation bills which gives $60,000 for this purpose,
and that that §00,000 should be applied to some-
thing else; if you please, paying the interest on
our national debt. And mark me, as was well
said by the Senator from New Hampshire, if we
attend to that part of it, the farmers will attend to
theirs. They do not require this interference ot
ours in order to enable them to carry on properly
the business in which they tu'c engaged. Why,
sir, there is hardly a table in the parlor of any
farmer's house in the country which has not
upon it books upon agriculture, furnishing to the
farmer the best information possible upon almost
all subjects. There is hardly a little village where
he cannot at any time in the spring of the year
purchase for himself seeds and cuttings, or any-
thing of that kind. Everywhere, all over the coun-
try, so far as I am acquainted, there are nurseries
where he can obtain plants, shoots, all the best
breeds of domestic plants. If we leave it there
under the natural laws which governin these mat-
ters, we do more for them than if we tax them in
older to support these pretended schemes for their
benefit.
