THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1861.
New Series No. 3*
referred to the committee, and I make the motion
that all the papers pertaining to this contested-
election case be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY TRIALS AND PUNISHMENT.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill,
and, unless objection is made, I will ask to put it
upon its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports for one
hour, such reports to be placed upon the Calen-
dar, and not to be brought back by motions to
reconsider.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his call for a
moment, to allow the bill to be read; it is very
short.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw it to
allow the title to be read for information.
The Clerk read the title, as follows: "A bill to
subject certain persons to military trial and pun-
ishment, and for other purposes."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understood the
gentleman expressly to withdraw his call to hear
the bill read for information.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman heard the
title of the bill read, and then renewed his call.
The Chair must, therefore, enforce the rule.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING- I again appeal
to the gentleman from Ohio to allow the bill to be
read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is an extraor-
dinary bill evidently from the title of it, and it
must take the regular course, especially as the
gentleman has indicated a purpose to put it upon
its passage.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give notice
that I will to-morrow, or on some subsequent day,
introduce a bill donating lands to such States as
shall establish colleges for the benefit of agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts.
The SPEAKER. Notices of bills must be given,
under the rules, at the Clerk's desk.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. NOELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution in reference to the confis-
cation of rebel property, which was read a first
and second time, and its further consideration
postponed until to-morrow.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back as a substitute for
a resolution referred to said committee, a joint
resolution in reference to the exchange of prisoners.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the exchange of prisoners in the pte&cnt lebel-
lion lm5? already been piacticed indirectly, and as such ex-
change would not only increase the enlistment and vigor
of our At my, but subserve the highest interests of humanity,
and such exchange does not involve a recognition of the
rebels as a government: Theiefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stales of JJmcrica in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United Slates be requested to inaugu-
rate systematic measuie* for the exchange of prisoners in
the present lebelhon.
The joint resolution received its several read-
ings, and was engrossed and passed.
POST OFFICE AT THE CAPITOL.
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Posd. Office and
Pom; Uoad* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post office at the Capitol, and lepoit by bill
or otiiei wiso.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill authorizing floats to
issue in satisfaction of claims against the United
States, for lands sold by them within the Las Or-
migas and La Nana grants in the State of Louis-
iana; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
the Secretary of War be, and he H hereby, required to re-
voke the first section of general order No. 3, beaungdate
of November 20, 1861, of Major General Halleck, com-
manding the western depaitment.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman from
New York will not object.
Mr. OLIN. I certainly must.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it not in order to move to
suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not till after one hour has
expired.
DEFENSE OF KENTUCKY.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to authorize the raising of a vol-
unteer force for the better defense of Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TIIE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend the act of 3d March,
1837, entitled "An act supplemental to an act
entitled 1 An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States;' " which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
and Territories for resolutions.
SPANISH VERSION OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. WATTS offered the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing inquire into
the expediency of having one thousand copies of the Pres-
ident's menace printed in the Spanish language for distri-
bution in the Territories of New Mexico and Colorado.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire whetherthe
resolution admits of amendment?
The SPEAKER. All such resolutions go,
under the rules, to the Committee on Printing.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SARGEANT, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial from the Central Pacific
Railroad Company; which was referred to the
special committee on the Pacific railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
RELIEF FOR IRELAND.
Mr. SARGEANT also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
stiucted to mquiie into the expediency and method of fui-
nishmg relief by Congress to the staiving people of Ireland;
and to repoit at ati early day, by bill or otherwise.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I believe it is in order now
to offer the resolution which was objected to some
time ago. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That the Seoietaiy ot War be, and ho
is hereby, icquired to revoke the fii-t section of genera]
order No. 3, bearing date of November -2>), 1861, of Major
Geneial Halleck, commanding the western department.
In moving that resolution I desire to say ^
The SPEAKER. If the resolution give rise
to debate, it must go over.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman from Illinois
will not consent to have the resolution referred
propeily, I propose to debate it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. COX. I move that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. OLIN. I propose to discusstheresolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, then,let it go over.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. OLIN. I insist on my right to discussthe
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from. New
York had not the floor for that purpose, the gen-
tleman from Illinois having moved the previous
question on his resolution.
Mr. OLIN. How did the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] have the floor to move to lay the res-
olution on the table?
The SPEAKER. After the previous question
was demanded by the gentleman from Illinois, he
was no longer entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLIN. And I had the floor before the gen-
tleman from Ohio obtained k.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was not recognized by the Chair.
Mr, LOVEJOY. 1 would be very glad to have
three or four minutes allowed me, in order that I
may make a statement in reference to this resolu-
tion, showing the purpose which I have in view.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table; and on that
the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to know
whether the House has not aright to be informed
what part of General Halleck's order it is that this
resolution proposes to direct the Secretary of War
to change and modify.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that the House has
that right. I ask that the first section of General
Halleck's order be read. I should then be very
glad to have a short extract read from a letter of
an ex-secretary of state of the State of Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that after
the previous question has been demanded it is not
in order to have anything read, as that would be
in the nature of debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not hear any objection
to the order being read so that the House may
vote intelligently.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
asks the consent of the House to have the first
section of General Halleck's order read. Is there
any objection?
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on the
motion to lay the resolution on the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddie,
Jacob B. Blair, George II. Biowne, William G.Brown,
Buinham, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Cnsfield, Crittenden,
Dawes, Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Fouke, Grider,
Harding, Harrison, Molman, iloiton, Johnson, William
Kellogg, Kilhnger, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Mc-
Kmght, iMcFheison, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Nixon,
Noble, Noell, Norton, Odoll, Ohn, Pendleton, Richardson,
Robin<on, Sheffield, Shcllabarget, Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Fiancis Thomas, Upton, Valhmdigham.Wadswoith, Web-
ster. Chilton A. White, Wickhlfe, Wood, YVoodiuff, and
Wiiffbt—63.
NAYS—Messis. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Gold-
smith P. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Francis P. BJair,
Samuel y. Blair, Hlake, Hutfinton, ChamberJin, Clark,
Colfax, Fiedeuek A. Conkhng, Ro<coe Conkling, Conway,
Davi-i, Diven, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards, Ehot, Fenton,
Fessenden, Franchof, Frank, Gooch, Gianger, Gurley,
Hutchins, Julian, ICelley, Lansing, Loomn, Lovejoy,
Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin s>. Mot iill,T. G. Phelps,
Ponieroy. Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Ilico, Riddle, Bd-
waid II. Rolhns. Saigcant, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shennan,
Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Tiam, Tumble, Trowbridge,
Vande\ei, Van lloin, Van Wvck.Wa!!, Wallace, Charles
W. Walton, K. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Wilson,
and Worcester—68.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During: the vote,
Mr. MORRIS, not having been within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. BEAMAN made a similar request.
Objection was made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
