2976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
testimony on one side, and by other instrument-
alities it ends almost uniformly in swindling the
Government out of large sifms of money. I his,
then, in ray judgment, constitutes an insuperable
objection to the old practice of adjusting these
claims by committees of the House and the oen-
ate, and by the action of the two Houses on this
character of testimony.
Another mode has been suggested for adjusting
these claims, and that is by the Court of Claims.
Thesame character of objection exists against that
court. The Court of Claims holds its session at
theseatofGovemment. Theevidenceupon which
claims are adjusted is almost entirely ex parte, be-
cause the claimants reside so far from the place
where the court is held that it is beyond the reach
of the Government authorities to get at the testi-
mony adverse to the right of the claimant. An-
other objection to the settlement of these claims
in the Court of .Claims arises from the fact that
claims, small and humble in their character, can-
not be presented to that court for adjustment for
the reason that the difficulty of getting up testi-
mony and bringing it far away here will prevent
them. It affords machinery only for speculative
claims.
1 therefore conclude that to settle and adjust
these claims in Congress or before the Court of
Claims, would be substantially to deprive these
meritorious claimants of that to which they are
justly entitled from the Government, while the
Government will be swindled by the heavy claim-
ants, and by those claims which are of a specu-
lative character. If, then, it will not do to have
these claims adjusted in Congress and before com-
mittees of Congress, for the reasons which 1 have
asM'Minl, and if the Court of Claims can only be
the machinery for the settlement of large chums,
and from which the smallest and most meritorious
claimants are to be excluded, then I take it for
granted that the sense of justice and of what is due
to these claimants, will preclude either of these
moans of adjustment.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether, if these claims are
to be adjusted at all, it is possible for them to bo
adjusted through the instrumentality of the Court
of Claims? Whether it would be possible to ex-
tend its jurisdiction or increase the number of the
iudgesol'that court within any reasonable or prac-
ticable limits, so us to enable that court to adjust
and settle the vast and almost innumerable claims
growing out of this war?
Mr. NOELL. In response to the gentleman
from Indiana,! will say that 1 think it can. This
commission which we propose to create by this
bill is not, strictly speaking, a court. It lias no
power to decide. It has only power to investi-
gate, to digest evidence, and to report the results
of their investigations m a tangible iorni for the ac-
tion of Congress to be had hereafter. In myjudg-
ment, the tribunal thus organized will have capac-
ity to hear and investigate all these claims within
the period of time to'which it is limited by the
bill, and put them in such shape that really meri-
torious claimants may afterwards successfully ap-
peal to the justice of Congress, while those claims
which are not meritorious in their character will
be excluded from the favorable consideration of
Congress. Such is my opinion and judgment in
regard to this proposition.
Now, I take it for granted that no man in this
House, let him luiil from what section of the
country he may, would be so cruel as to say to
those who have had the misfortune to be located
on the track of this unfortunate war, that they
shall be compelled to submit to the destruction and
hiss of their property which has occurred during
the war, and from military necessity, without af-
fording them a just compensation. Sir, the man
whose lieait is steeled against the mercy that
should be extended to these men, whose soul is so
insensible to justice that he will not eyiend to
them the benefit of such a proposition as this, is,
in my humble judgment, unfit to be a Represent-
ative of the people of the United States. I he man
who will say tluit because these claims impose
upon the Government a heavy burden, therefore
they ought not to be settled and adjusted, is not,
in my judgment, such an individual as ought to
be eliaiged with the business of this great nation.
Sir, 1 have been a member of this House some
three or four sessions, and it has been my fortune
to be placed upon committees where a vast num-
ber of claims against the Government of the Uni-
ted States have been pressed for adjustment and
settlement. I have found during my experience
upon these committees that the claims of wealthy
men, large in their character, running up to hun-
dreds and thousands of dollars, where the ma-
chinery has been put in motion to press them tor-
ward, have been most^juccessful, and,I think the
journals of the House will show that heavy and
large claims have received more favorable consid-
eration at the hands of Congress than that class
of claims proposed to be provided for by this bill.
Now, sir, this certainly is not in accordance with
right and justice. The men who have bad the
misfortune to be located in sections of the coun-
try where hostile armies have been arrayed against
each other, and who have been compelled to sac-
rifice all they had on earth in order to sustain the
Union armies in their progress, certainly ought
to be made whole; they ought to be provided for
by Congress. And while we are granting every
day large sums of money to speculators, to con-
tractors, to men who have undertaken to do work
for the Government and have not made fortunes
for all the members of their families, while we are
undertaking to grant gratuities to them, it seems
to me that a sense of justice on the part of the
Representatives of the people ought to impel them
to seek out means of providing for the poor and
humble citizens of the country who have had then-
property destroyed and devastated—I do not say
wrongfully, because it is a matter of public ne-
cessity, that when the military authorities have
to occupy a section of country they should use
the means and property of the citizens of that
country as the military exigencies may require.
I say, sir, that it will be a burning shame to this
great nation if the fact is handed down to pos-
terity that property has been taken by the officers
by the Government, for the public service, and
when the Representatives of the people are called
upon to make indemnity for the losses so sus-
tained, they have refused.
Many a poor, humble cabin in my section of
the country, belonging to true and loyal men, has
been desolated, their property all taken for the
public service, and they left penniless; and I say
if it is right to do justice, a sense of justice and
magnanimity ought to compel Congress to adopt
some system by which indemnity may bo pro-
vided for these people. Many loyal men having
joined the Union Army have returned but to find
"their homes desolate, their families, their wives,
their fathers, their mothers, their sisters, their
children, turned out upon the world in a state of
starvation, all taken by our own troops, for their
own sustenance and tor our country's good. I
say if the justice and magnanimity of Congress
will not provide for this people it will be a burn-
sliame and disgiace forever.
Now, sir, the disposition upon the part of some
gentlemen in this House to vote against this bill,
upon the ground that to do justice to these people
would swamp the Government, is based upon a
false presumption. Sir, doing justice to his fel-
low-man has never swamped any individual; do-
ing justice has never ruined an individual; and
doing justice will never ruin this Government.
Oil the" contrary, it is only by this course of jus-
tice that you will cali forth the love, the energies,
and the patriotism of the people to the Govern-
ment during its hour of trial, as we have seen
done during the progress of this war.
I have heard it said that it never will do to al-
low these claims; it will never do to provide the
machinery, and put it into operation for ascer-
taining and settling them, because it will involve
so large ail expenditure as to meet it would destroy
the Government. Now, sir, put this proposition
to a man luxuriating in wealth, riding in his car-
riage over the streets of the metropolis. Suppose,
when ail honest creditor presents his claim, he
replies, " I cannot pay this debt; it is an honest
debt, but to pay it would ruin me, and it will never
do to pay it." Such a remark never would come
from an honest man. And I say that the rules
which apply to an honest man apply equally to
an honest Government. When these people have
had their property taken from them—loyal men;
for this bill provides for compensating nobody
else—loyal men from the border States, and from
the free States, have had their property taken and
used by the troops of the Government for the
purposes of this war, and it is the duty of the
Government to see that these citizens and their
families shall have their claims for such losses as-
certained and settled.  
Let it be remembered that this bill does not ap-
propriate a dollar of money. It merely provides
the machinery by which the justice of these claims
can be ascertained. When the machinery has per-
formed its proper functions, when the testimony
pro and con has been taken in reference to the na-
ture and circumstances of these claims, it will be
then for the justice and magnanimity of Congress
to act upon these claims as they shall be reported,
and if any of them are of such a character as to
make it proper to discriminate against them, the
evidence will be before Congress, and such a course
of settlement can be adopted as yill be satislac-
tory to all parties concerned.
But, Mr. Speaker, objections have heen made
to the details of this bill. Now, sir, I wish to say
that to me the question as to details is one entirely
immaterial, provided the great object of the meas-
ure can be accomplished. I am not so bigoted la
my opinion as to believe that I can frame a meas-
ure and present it to Congress for its action that
shall be superior to another measure which any
other gentleman can frame and present for the
action of Congress. If any gentleman can point
out any difficulty in this measure that can be rem-
edied, if he will present any other system that
will be more efficient and less liable to objection,
it will have my hearty support.
I am perfectly aware that some of the features
of this bill are open to objection. It is said that
the machinery will be complicated, and that it will
involvealarge expense to the Government. Some
"•entlcmen have gone into a calculation to see how
much the offices created by this bill will cost the
Government. Well, suppose they cost the Gov-
ernment #50,000 per annum, what is that amount?
It is a mere drop in the bucket. Five days'work
here in Congress in the consideration of private
bills will involve a larger cost than the whole ex-
pense of this commission for the three years it has
to run under the provisions of this bill. The dis-
cussion of two days in Congress, which often oc-
curs on a private claim not exceeding $50,000 in
amount, would involve more expense than the
whole machinery provided by this bill. Again:
claims have not unfrequently passed this House
taking from the Treasury $50,000, $100,000, or
$200,000, which, if the evidence such as this bill
provides for furnishing had been before Congress,
never would have been passed. I believe it would
have saved the Government not only hundreds of
thousands, but millions of dollars, which have
been paid in the shape of private claims, if evi-
dence such as we now propose to obtain had been
before Congress. We have still before us claims
growing out of the revolutionary war, the war of
1812, and the Mexican war, and we shall have
claims growing out of this war following us down
through all time, unless Congress adopts a differ-
ent system for the presentation of such claims be-
fore Congress than has hitherto prevailed. That
is what is proposed to be done by this bill. We
propose to adopt a system of obtaining evidence
for the preparation of claims that are in future to
be presented to Congress. We propose to require
that all these claims shall first go through this
course of preparation, and that they shall come to
Congress, if they come at all, accompanied by the
vouchers so obtained. We propose hereafter that
when a claim is presented before Congress the first
inquiry shall be whether it has gone through the
regular course of preparation, and if it has not.it
is not entitled to a hearing.
Another objection to the bill is that the expense
of the machinery of this bill is such as to prevent
small claims from being brought before the com-
mission at all. Now, Mr. Speaker, it may be true
that hard cases may arise under this bill. It is
true that the cost of the advertisement required for
small claims of fifty or one hundred dollars will
be onerous; but, sir, there is no measure that has
been presented here or that ever will be presented,
which will not operate unjustly in particular in-
stances. It is not within the power of human wis-
dom to frame a measure general in its character,
which shall not contain more or less imperfections
and inequalities. I agree that this bill is not per-
fect; but, in my judgment, it is as perfect as any
bill that can be passed. But, sir, while these dif-
ficulties may present themselves, itis nevertheless
true that as a matter of economy merely, this bill
