1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
Mr, WICKLIFFE. If I rightly heard the bill
when it was read by the Clerk, I do object to it in
its present condition. I want it referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man hear me a moment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not object to the
introduction of the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. May I be heard
a moment by the gentleman from Kentucky—
simply for a question? If I apprehend the gen-
tleman aright, he does not object to the introduc-
tion of the bill, provided it have a reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I will not
make a motion to suspend the rules, but will let
the bill take that direction.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry,
and it is this: if this bill be introduced with the
understanding thata motion shall be made to refer
it to the Committee on the Judiciary, will it be in
order to move its reference to any other commit-
tee ? The subject is and has been under consid-
eration by the special committee on Army con-
tracts, appointed at the last session, of which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] is
chairman. It has been thoroughly investigated
by that committee, and I move that the bill be
referred to it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understand that the bill was re-
ceived with the express understanding that it
should be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I have no desire to trench upon the prov-
ince of the special committee. I did not know
that they had the subject of this bill before them;
but I do know that they have so much before them
that the best reference is to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I think that the matter isof some im-
portance. I believe that if this, or some tanta-
mount bill, had been in operation since the extra
session, there would have been saved to this Gov-
ernment an untold sum of money. I make the
point of order that the bill was received on the
understanding that it should be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It was the agree-
ment which proceeded from the objection of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the bill has not
been received at all. The agreement was between
the gentleman from Kentucky and the gentleman
from New York, and the House has not acted
upon the subject. Certainly we did not acquiesce
in that arrangement. I rose and inquired whether
the effect of that arrangement would be to prevent
a motion being made to refer the subject to the
special committee? If it does, I certainly object
to the introduction of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chairis of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Indiana is
in order, as the bill is still before the House un-
disposed of.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the motion to
refer to the special committee is voted down, the
question will then recur on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I, for one, as a
member of the select committee, have no desire
to have the bill referred to it. We have in all
conscience enough to do. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York, however, that a bill
of the magnitude and importance of the one he
offers, ought to be drawn with a view to the par-
ticular frauds which are practiced upon the Gov-
ernment. It is difficult for a legislature to detect
and to prevent all of the frauds that are perpetra-
ted. Men are ingenious in the matter; and the
ingenuity exhibited since the last ad journment of
Congress, has, I may say, been such as to put
frauds almost beyond finding out. It is a difficult
task to meet by proper legislation all the frauds
practiced upon theGovernment, unless the subject
is made a matter of study and close examination
by some one committee of the House. I do not
want the bill referred to the special committee
myself, but that committee have had this matter
under consideration in connection with the exami-
nation they have been required to make into Army
contracts. It strikes me that that committee have
some knowledge of the subject-matter of the bill
which may not be within the reach of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I did not hear the whole
bill read, but I like the main features of it so far
as I know them. I do not know but that it meets
the case. I should not have been able to have
drawn a bill that meets the case so well, before I
had some little education in this matter, to which
I have been compelled, by the order of the House,
to subject myself. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York, without any desire to interfere
with the passage of this bill, whether the select
committee cannot, on the whole, be as well pre-
pared to consider this bill as the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether the committee to which he refers is pre-
pared to offer a bill on this subject?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the committee
have prepared a bill. They have one in prepara-
tion. But I have no desire to interfere with the
gentleman's bill; the gentleman, I hope, so un-
derstands me. The special committee have made
the matter one of much study, in order to provide
for the prevention of every form of fraud that has
struck tliem as prevalent m our Army and else-
where. Still, I do not know but the gentleman's
bill meets the case. I am not prepared to con-
demn it. I have made these suggestions in good
faith. If they do not meet the views of the gen-
tleman I will not press them. I know that some
legislation to prevent fraud being perpetrated
against the Government is imperiously demanded.
There ought to be speedy and effective legislation,
and there is none more impressed with that fact
than the special committee. Unless there is such
legislation the Treasury of the United States, as
well as the characters of the Army contractors,
will be bankrupted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have but one
purpose, and that is the purpose, I know, of my
distinguished friend from Massachusetts. We
do all know, who have opened our eyes to the
fact, that at this time, when the Government is
bleeding at every pore, a multitude of harpies
have been preying upon the very vitals of the
commonwealth. If I could be instrumental, in
however humble a degree,in punishing,and pun-
ishing with certainty and severity, this class of
criminals, I should console myself with the idea
that I had performed an act more useful than I
feel sanguine of performing during my term of
service in this House. Now, if the better way,
in the judgment of the House, is to have this bill
go to the special committee—and what has been
said on that subject by my friend from Massa-
chusetts has great weight with me—I am entirely
satisfied. And I will leave the subject with one
suggestion for that gentleman and for the House.
I submit whether, if the special committee have
a bill in preparation on this subject, it would not
be wise to let the bill I have submitted go to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and when their bill
is brought in, to refer it to the same committee,
to the end that the House and the country shall
have the high judgment of both committees—the
judgment of the special committee with regard to
the particulars in which they may have become
adepts by the investigation in which they have
been engaged, and the judgment of the Judiciary
Committee with regard to all the other and out-
lying provisions of this bill. I have no care, for
one, which direction my bill takes, provided the
result will be to make the measure most efficient—
a drag-net in order to reach the men who I be-
lieve at this hour are depleting the Treasury of
enormous sums, and with an extent of ingenuity
which I have no doubt is not exaggerated" by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. Whatever may
be the best way to reach that result, will be hailed
with great pleasure.
! Mr. VALLANDIGHAM I desire to say,by
j way of explanation, that I am in favor of the ob-
j ject of the bill, but objected some time since to it
i because no explanation was made of what that
j object was. This is but just, I deem it, to myself,
j 1 demand the previous question, as perhaps the
subject has been sufficiently debated.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
opeiation thereof, the bill was referred to the
Committeeon the Judiciary.
CLAIM TO A SEAT IN THE HOUSE.
Mr. LOOMIS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a paper relating to the claim of Charles H.
Foster to a seat in the House of Representatives;
which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
paymasters.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to this House a list of the paymasters in the service,
and the States and Territories from which they are respect-
ively appointed, with a statement of the average salaries
and compensation of the paymasters, including office rent,
clerk hire, and mileage.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend the res-
olution by including sutlers also.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that the sub-
jects are not at all in harmony; that the sutlers
receive no compensation whatever from the Gov-
ernment for their services.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I believe some of the sut-
lers are not appointed by the colonels, but are
appointed by other authority, for brigades and
divisions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that
debate will carry the resolution over.
Mr. McKNIGHT.. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The resolution was adopted.
hickey's constitution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, and referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pro-
cure, for the use of the members of the House, two hundred
copies of the latest edition of Hickey'.s Constitution, at a
price not exceeding cents per copy.
proclamations, etc., published.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish, if
not incompatible with the public interest, copies of the
proclamations and orders Issued and published in the press,
or otherwise made public by him or any head* of Depart-
ments, or any military or naval officer of the United States?,
since the 4th of March last, relating to the pending contest
with the so-called confederate States.
medical department of the army.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill to organize
the meclical department of the Army; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
persons confined in washington jail, etc.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced the following res-
olution: which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed:
He it enacted fit/ the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
ail acts and parts of acta in force in the Di&triet of Colum-
bia, which authorize the commitment to the jails of said
District, of persons as runaways, or suspected or charged
with being runaways, and of free negroes, mulattoe*, and
other persons found living idle and without visible means
of maintenance; and all acts and parts of acts which au-
thorize the sale of persons so committed, tor charges of
commitment or jail fees, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed; and to so commit,or imprison, or sell any per-
son for the causes aforesaid, within said District, is hereby
declared a misdemeanor, and any person or persons so of-
fending after the passage of this resolution, shall, upon in-
dictment and conviction, be subject to a fine not exceeding
$500, and impiisonment not exceeding one year, nor ies>s
than thioe months, at the discretion of the court.
confiscation rebels.
Mr. GURLEY introduced a bill to confiscate
the properly of rebels, to liberate their slaves, and
employ or colonize the same, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GURLEY. I move that the bill be referred
to a select committee of seven.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. GURLEY. I ask the House to bear with
me while I offer a few remarks in explanation of
my object.
The" SPEAKER.. The Chair thinks debate
would not be in order.
Mr. GURLEY. It would by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WOOD. I object,
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It is.
