1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
" If," say the committee, speaking of McKin-
ney:
" His character is as bad as claimed by the contestant,
the committee believe him a very unsafe person to keep
the company of ballot-boxes for thieo months, or to be in-
trusted with thein, as he was by Alderman Williams, to
carry to the magistrate's office, and would be a very suit-
able porson to do or connive at the very thing he testifies
was done."
Who proves the transaction in question but the
very man himself? Who proves that this box
was in his custody and keeping for three months
but this man Mclvinncy himself? And he is con-
tradicted by other witnesses, contradicted by the
alderman, and contradicted by ail the circum-
stances of the case. Nay, more; it is contradicted
by his own statement on cross-examination when
on the stand as a witness—where he was crying,
driveling, wandering, refusing to answer, saying
" if! must, I must, "insinuating that his testimony
would go to damage the character of somebody.
Any lawyer, any man who has practiced in the
courts for six months, will see the character of the
testimony of this man. He needs no other evi-
dence to show that he has been in the penitentiary.
He will see that his testimony isentirely unreliable.
Then as to the third division of the sixteenth
ward, the report says:
"This bm£ was received on the nijrht of election by Al-
derman Mecke, of the sixteenth wnid, and by liim kept
under the de k in his office till the 6th of Decembei Hollow-
ing, when it was removed by him with the boxes to his new
house, and placed with them inuboauletl cellaitiil the ex-
amination befon? the magistrate of the 25th of January fol-
lowing. This alderman was one of the magistrates who
took the testimony tor the contestant."
Why is that point made? Why do the com-
mittee parade that in their report to the House?
Is there a jot or tittle of this testimony which shows
that he is not a high, honorable man? Why, then,
have the committee seen proper to take the pains
to tell us that he is one of the magistrates before
whom the testimony of the contestant was taken?
The presumption is, that the reason why he was
selected by the contestant was that he was the
nearest and most convenient magistrate to the wit-
nesses who were to be examined. The fact that
he was selected as the depositary of the ballot-
boxes, shows that he was nearest to the place
whete the polls were opened. The committee go
on to say:
"And when his own deposition was t.iken, another ma-
gistrate was substituted m his plnce. The box was brought
by him to the magi^tiate's office, two days befoieuwas
opened, and ieft there by Aldennan Mecke m an unfastened
closct, in charge of no one."
In an unfastened closet. In another instance the
committee find fault because the box was placed
in an alderman's office upon a shelf so high that
it could not be reached by any one without the
use of a step-ladder or a chair or something: of that
sort, in this cose it. was put into a closet, but the
closet was not locked. Well, suppose it had been
locked: would not the alderman, in whose custody
it was left, have been likely to have the key in his
possession and have access to the closet? Why
then was this insinuation leveled at him?
MESSAGE FROM TIIK SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 15U) for a joint commission for the
preservation of the Atlantic fisheries;
An act (No. 193) to provide for the safe-keep-
ing and maintenance of United States prisoners;
and
A joint resolution (No. 57) providing for the
custody of the letter and gifts from the King of
Siam.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then a conversation took
place in which Alderman Mecke expressed doubts
as to whether this box might not have been tam-
pered with. I have examined the testimony upon
this point; I have not time to read it here; but I
find this to be fact, that this word " tampering5'
was put into his mouth by the lawyer employed
by the incumbent, and that it was not a word se-
lected by him. I find thut he was charged with
being incorrcct as to his statement in regard to the
seals placed upon this box—in regard to the con-
dition of the sealing-wax used. And it would
seem that, having been so charged upon one oc-
casion, and after having brought forward from
twenty or thirty boxes stored away in his cellar
the wrong box, as he supposed he had identified
it, he became somewhat confused. He was told
that he was mistaken, and he thought the box had
been tampered with. He became somewhat ex-
citcd, or unnerved, to use his own language; but
here is the testimony upon this point:
" I believe I told him that 1 was unnerved. I had not
slept for two nights, and [ was fairly trembling then, which
was shown by the fluid lamp which I held in my hand.
*s Question. Did Alderman Itemick make any reply in the
presence of Mr. Vertee? 3f so, state what it was. Give,
as nearly as you can. his own words.
" [Question objected to.]
" Answer. I believe he laughed at me, and said I was a
damned fool; that is as near as I can recollect."
Now, sir, considerable has been said about this
conversation; and let it be remembered, the com-
mittee suspect—they find ground of suspicion in
the conduct of one of the aldermen, bccause he
seems unnerved and confused when he was charged
with not having kept the box safely—that cir-
cumstance is considered by the committee cause
of suspicion against him, while the other alder-
man who stood out stoutly that nothing was
wrong, that the box had not been tampered with,
is considered as of having also given cause for
suspicion from such conduct. I think it would
have been extremely difficult to have pursued such
a course as would have met the approbation of
the committee.
Now, sir, let me say a word about the seals that
were placed upon these boxes. The testimony
shows the practice which is followed in Pennsyl-
vania. The boxes are prepared by the proper offi-
cers and are kept from year to year. Some of
them become quite old. At each of the two or three
elections every year, the same boxes are used, the
ballots are counted, and returned to the box. The
box is then closed, tape is wrapped round it, and
sealing-wax is put upon it in different places. At
the next election the tape is stripped off, leaving of
course a great part of the sealing-wax remaining,
and the box is opened. But great stress is laid by
the committee upon the fact that the sealing-wax
looked fresh upon this box, and therefore ft is in-
ferred that it must li«.ve been tampered with by
somebody. The tape was round every box as it
should be, and the custodian, under the laws of
Pennsylvania, of each one examined; and every
man of them swore that they remained just as they
wore when they wore deposited with them. Then
why is this insinuation of the committee made?
Why do they present these things to the House
| ill the face of the sworn testimony of men who are
unimpeached and unimpeachable.
Now, sir, I desire in the short time left me to
refer to one or two things more—to one or two
other " suspicious circumstances" which have
been discovcied by the Committee of Elections.
They find that some of the stickers on the tickets
were placed over the fold in the ticket. Mr.
Speaker, the law of Pennsylvania requires, as the
chairman of the Committee of Elections did not
seem to know until informed by my colleague [Mr,
Steven-s] this morning, that all tickets "shall be
folded with the names of the candidates on the in-
side, and the office for which the tickets are in-
tended on the outside. The usual practice is for
these tickets to be printed and folded before theday
of the election, and each voter, as he comcs to the
polls, brings his folded ticket with him; but some
en ndidate who is anxious to run ahead of his ticket
stands, or his friends stand, near the polls, and as
voters approach with the opposite ticket in their
hands, solicit them to vote for this particular can-
didate. They offer stickers, as they are called,
which are nothing more than strips of paper, with
the name of the candidate printed on one side and
1 gum aiabic on the other side, like a postage stamp,
j A voter, with tiie ticket with which Mr. Vciree
j is running in his hand, approaches, and he is re-
j quested to vote for Mr. Kline. He takes the
j stickerand pastes it over the name of Mr. Verree
j and votes the remainder of the opposite ticket,
i And so on the other side. And as the law requires
! the ticket to be folded with the name of the office
[ voted for on the outside, as a matter of course the
; sticker pasted on the inside must be right across
; the fold. It is the only place for it; and this ac-
i couuls for the very suspicious circumstance which
the committee have discovered in the fact that the
. sticker was placed across the fold of the ballot,
| and from which they have arrived at the conclu-
sion that the stickers were placed on the ballots
after they had been returned to the box.
But the committee have discovered another sus-
picious circumstance in the appearance of these
ballots, in the fact that the stickers did not show
the twist, as the ballots themselves did. Now,
-sir, I have attended elections for a long time. For
twenty years 1 have assisted in conducting them
I and in counting the votes, and I know how it is
j done. As I have already remarked, the plan
' usually pursued is to throw the ballots contain-
ing one full party ticket into a pile at one end of
the table, those containing the full ticket of the
other party in a pile at the other end of the table,
and those which have been scratched, or upon
which stickers have been placed, are thrown into
another pile in the middle of the table. They
count them out in bundles of ten, and sometimes
twist them up and sometimes they do not, so that
it may happen that the stickers did not get twisted.
Then, again, it is said that these stickers were
yellow, and that nobody but a blind man could
have failed to see them.
Now, 1 suppose that is true, provided the man
looked at the sticker. If he did not look at the
sticker he might as well be blind, for he would
not see it. I very often have my attention called
to a friend of mine in the galleries, but after look-
ing around in all directions, although my friend's
face is as familiar to me as that of any man I know,
I am unable to find him. The eye cannot take in
at once all the people who are in these vast gal-
leries. So it is in counting these votes; attention
is attracted by many things. There is the excite-
ment of the election out of doors, and a disposi-
tion on the part of all the election officers to get
through with the count in order that they may
learn the result in other wards. An officer takes
up a ticket and cries out " Foster, full ticket," or
"Curtin, full ticket." There may be a sticker
upon one of these, but in the hurry of the count
his eyes do not catch the sticker. Is it to be won-
dered at, therefore, in a count of three or four hun-
dred votes, some one or two of those stickers
should get into the ballot-box unobserved by any
of the officers? And because they have got there
is there any good ground upon upon which to
found a presumption that the boxes themselves
are fraudulent?
Again: it is alleged that there was a crack in one
of these boxes, from an eighth to three eighths of
an inch in width, through which tickets might
have been inserted into the box. The committee
have not told us what sort of a box it was, but I
presume that it was the same kind of a box that
is used in all parts of the State. The top of the
box I presume was covered witha slide, and there
always must be a crack or aperture at the place
where the slide goes in. It was admitted on all
hands that this box was tied around with red tape
and sealed with sealing-wax at half a dozen dif-
ferentplaces. But what does the allegation amount
to? We stand here to answerarguments and facts,
and not to answer inferences. Are we to pile up
inference upon inference, and when we find that
they are not sufficient, to get others, and all for the
purpose of overriding the presumption of the law.
The committee in this case have undertaken to
accumulate all the inferences conceivable which
will operate against the legality of the boxes. I
regret that I have not had time to examine this
case more fully. I did not intend at first to take
any part in the discussion. The first time I saw
the contestant was when, at„his suggestion, I pre-
sented his petition of contest to the House. I have
known nothing: of his case since then until yes-
terday, when 1 inquired of him what the report
of the committee in his case was, and he replied,
"they have counted me in, but they have re-
solved me out." I say that the committee have
no right to diawthe inferences they have against
the honesty and integrity of the officers of the elec-
tion. They have, i think, acted contrary to the
law of Pennsylvania. That low authorizes the
presumption that every officer has discharged his
duty until the contrary h$s been shown.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, the House will
have exercised a very high prerogative in decid-
ing this case, if it reject the balance cast, and ac-
! cepts the returns of an election board. If a lule
is to be adoptt-d by the House of Representatives
of the United States giving a peison a seat who is
not entitled to it, merely because he presents the
certificate, such rule will in time to come work
