2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
away from the scenes of danger; that oar wives
and children have been comfortably provided foi,
and that these poor sufferers must submit to their
hard fortune? Is that the generosity and mag-
nanimity of the people of trie United States . 1
say no. The man who would put.on record his
vote against indemnity to these persons, would
have his name handed down to posterity as an
enemy to his race, and not entitled to the sym-
pathy or affection of a great and magnanimous
people, I do not pretend to say that all who op-
pose this bill are in that category. Gentlemen may
find causes of objection to this bill. But the men
who now take the ground that these claims are not
to be adjusted, who will oppose this measure—not
proposing any better one in its stead—cannot here-
after, in my judgment and belief, lay claim to the
character of just and generous men.
1 do not make these remarks on account of the
fact that a great many of these depredations have
been committed in my own State. I thank God
that I have got a soul to feel for my fellow-men
wherever they may be. I would extend the same
sympathy and justice toward northern men who
have suffered as I would to our own people, for
I have no sectional feeling.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. The gentleman from
Missouri has stated his willingness to extend to
every portion of the country the same justice which
he claims for what he calls the border States
have had a very great difficulty, I acknowledge,
about this bill. It relates to the same matter to
which the gentleman from Massachusetts alludes.
It is as to how far this Government is to go m the
extension of indemnity to sufferers during the war.
By the interdiction ofcommerce and trade between
the two sections of the country which occurred at
the commencement of this war, trade wasentirely
annihilated. The result of that was the destruc-
tion of immense property interests in ships, in
commerce, in articles of trade provided for south-
ern supplies, and losses of millions of debt, per-
haps to the amount of $300,000,000; that, however,
not resulting so necessarily and directly from the
action of the Government as from causcs to which
I first referred. Now, will the gentleman from
Missouri vote for a bill by which all tfie ship-own-
ers of Boston, New York, and Philadelphia shall
be'compensated for the destruction of trade and
tue destruction of ships which arose out ofthein-
terdict ofcommercc? In other words, how far will
the gentleman go to make the indemnity universal?
[Here the. hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE obtained the floor.
Mr. NOELL. Will the gentleman allow mu
to answer that question ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NOELL. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, I will reply to the question of the gentleman
from Ohio. I will say to the gentleman that where
ever, in the necessary military operations of the
country, the properly of northern men, whether
ships, vessels, or any other kind of property, lias
been seized upon,occupied,ordestroyed for mili-
tary purposes, I will vote for a bill of indemnity.
But I do not ask any man in this House to vote to
make up to us the losses sustained in the value of
our lands and property which have resulted inci-
dentally from this war. I ask no man to go that
far in favor of my constituents. But wherever
property, as a military necessity, has been taken
for military purposes and occupied,destroyed, or
damaged in the prosecution of the war, I will vote
for a bill to satisfy northern men for such claims.
For incidental losses I claim nothing in behalf of
my constituents.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. OL1N. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
until Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from the gentleman from Kentucky to
make that motion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have 110 objection to the
gentleman making that motion.
Mr. OLIN. I submit that motion.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 61, nays 57; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricii, Ancona, A-lih-y, Bally, Baxter,
Beaman, Biddle, Fianeis P. Blair, Blake, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Casey, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Ruscoe Conk-
ling, Cox, Crisfield, Crittenden, Davis, Delano, Delaplaine,
Diven, Duell, Dunn, Fenton, Fisher, Fouke, Franchot,
Grider, Haigtit, Hale, Hall, Harding, IJolmaii. Joli isti",
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kerrigan, ltnapp, Law,
Leary, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Morris,
Potter, Sedgwick, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stiles, Benjam n
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Van Valkeiiburgh,
Vibbard, Voorhees, Wheeler, Whaley, and Wright—61.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Baker,
Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Buffinton, Cbainberlm,
Clark Corning Dawes,Dunlap, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Eng-
lish, Fessenden, Frank, Hutching, Lansing, Lazear, Loo-
ims, Lovejoy, Low, McPberson, Mitchell, Justin fo. Mor-
rill, Nixon, Norton, Nugen, Patton, Perry, Timothy G.
Phelps, Porter, Price, John H. Kice, Edward H. Rollins,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman, Sliiel, Smith, Spaulcluig,
Stratum, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree, wads-
wortll, Wall, Wallace, Walton. Washburne, Cluiton A.
White', Wlckliffe, Wmdom, and Woodruff—57.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call, .
Mr. COLFAX stated that had he been in his
seat when his name was called he would have voted
in the negative. •
Mr. OLlN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rebellion losses again.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I regret very much, Mr.
Speaker, that the purposes and objects of this bill
pound;
seem not to have received that attention which its
merits deserve until this discussion commwced.
Perhaps I ought to regret more that upon a ques-
tion of this kind, the right of property in slaves in
this country should have been introduced by the
gentleman from New Yoilc, [Mr. Sedgwick.] I do
not intend to discuss that question with him, for
if a man has lived to his age, and'attained his po-
sition, and has notlearned the history of hiscoun-
try judicially, legislatively, and diplomatically,
upon the subject ofthe rightof property in slaves;
if he is one of those who are governed by a higher
law which ho himself does not obey,and has not
discovered that the right of property in slaves has
been recognized by the United States, by all de-
partments of the Government at home and abroad,
I know that nothing I can say, or that any other
man can say in this House, will have any influ-
ence with him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would inquire
if the morning hour 1ms expired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I will hereafter take
up the nigger where I leave him.
Mr. STEVENS, i move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union.
Mr. FENTON. I submit to thegentleman from
Pennsylvauia whether it would not be better to
proceed with the consideration of this bill until
the speech of the gentleman from Kentucky is
concluded, and then press the bill to a vote to-day.
Mr. STE V ENS. The House does not seem dis-
posed to work on Saturdays, and what little time
we bavc I propose to devote to business
/ie motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
So the House resolved itself in to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawks in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill (H.
R. No. 531) increasing temporarily the duties on
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By unanimous
consent I desire to offer some amendments to parts
of the bill preceding the ninth section, which is
the section under consideration now.
After line thirty-four, page 12,1 move to insert,
"coeculus indicus, 10 cents per pound." I pre-
sume there will be no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert, after the word " pound,"page 12, line forty-
two, the words " Rochelle salts, 15 cents per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert,
page 14, line eighty-four, after the word "gallon,"
the words "mustard, not salad, 25 cents per gal-
lon; salad, 50 cents per gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 move to insert,
after line one hundred and twenty-eight, page 15,
the words "sugar of lead, 4 cents per
tartar emetic, 15 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
message from the senate.
The committee rose informally, and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, their Secretary, announcing to the House
that the Senate had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference upon the bill (S. No. 171)
to reorganize the Navy Department of the United
States. , , , .
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill to prevent
members of Congress and officers of the Govern-
mentfrom taking aconsideration for procuring con-
tracts, office, or place, from the United States; in
which the concurrence oftheHouse wasrequested.
The,Committee resumed its session.
i / tariff bill again.
VMr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 15, line
one hundred and twenty-six, I move to amend by
strikingout"two,"andinserting"three;' sothatit
shall read, "mustard, brown, 3 cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In line twenty-
six, page 23, I move to strike out "50 cents,"and
insert " $1;" and in lines seventy-eight and sev-
enty-nine, to strike out "75 cents per cubic foot,"
and insert " 40 per cent, ad valorem; on all man-
ufactures of marble, marble paving tiles, and mar-
ble dressed or polished, 50 per cent, ad valorem;
So that the clause shall read:
On maible, white statuary, in block, lough, squared, or
sawed, $1 pt'i cubic loot; veined marble, and marble of all
other descriptions, not otherwise provided for, in block,
rough, squared, or sawed, 40 per cent, ai valorem; on all
manufactures of maible, marble paving tiles, aud marble
dressed or polished, 50 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
that when this bill was under consideration the
last time a mistake was made by placing an amend-
ment in a wrong place. I now move to amend
by striking out on page 16, line one hundred and
thirty-six, the words "glycerine and sirtphate of
ammonia," and by inserting after the word
"forms," in line one hundred and thirty-eight, the
words " ammonia and sulphate and carbonate of
ammonia;" so that it shall make the duty on that
article 20 per cent, ad valorem,.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by inserting, in line one hundred and forty-six,
same page, afterthe word "santonine,"the words,
" and glycerine;" so that it will subject both arti-
cles to 30 per cent ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by striking out of line eleven, page 17, the words
" antimony, tartrate of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Onpagel8,Imove
to strike out line twenty, as follows, "cocculus in-
dicus," it having been inserted at a specific rate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 18, line
ten, I move to strike out " and mustard seed,"
and insert, before " rape seed," the word " and;"
so that it will read, "on linseed,flax seed,hemp
seed, and rape seed oil, 3 cents per-gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in on page 21, after
line thirty-five;
On acorn coffee and dandelion root, raw or prepared and
all other articles u«-d or intended to he used as coffee or a
substitute lor coffee and not otherwise provided for, 4
cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 26, in line fifty-three,
after the word "worsted," I move to insert "wool,
mohair, or goat's hair," and strike out in lines
fifty-four and fifty-five the words " and all dress
goods composed of worsted and cotton, or wool
and cotton;" so that the clause will read :
On all delaines, cashmere delaines, muslin delaines, ba-
rege delaines, composed wholly or in part of worsted, wool,
mohair, and goat's hair, and on all goodsofsimilardescnp-
tion.not exceeding in value 40 eents per square yaid, 3
cents per square yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. On page 26, line
thirty-five, I move to insert after the word " belts,"
the words " or felts;"so that the clause will lead,
