36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Mr. COX. I make that motion. That com-
mittee have already that question before them.
Mr. GURLEY. The regular committees have
all the business on their hands that they can very
well attend to; and I desire that this bill shall go
to a committee from whom it will be sure to come
back.
The question was put; and the bill was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
THE TARIFF—TAXES.
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to consider the subject of the tariff and taxation,
With a view to equalize the burdens of the present war
upon all citizens, upon all sections, and upon " capital and
laborand that, for this purpose, the present tariff and di-
rect tax be so modified as to cairyout the principle of just
and equal taxation.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to lay the resolution
upon thi' table.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will move
to refer the resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that, and I
submit the motion; first changing the word "in-
structed" into " requested."
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
"was referred accordingly.
SLAVES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. RIDDLE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish to tili- House information as to the number of
slaves now iiolden, or resident within the District of Co-
lumbia, and of their estimated vaiue; and also Mich inform-
ation as lie may possess as to their intellectual and moral
condition.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS.
Mr. WORCESTER introduced the following
resolution; winch was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
Resolrcil, Thnt the Committee 011 Military Affair* be re-
quested to inquire into the piesent state of the law titil-
lating tile enlistment of minois, and if they find that the law
as it now is docs not authouze the enlistment of minors
over the age of eighteen years without the consent of their
parents or guardians, that they be lequestcd to report a bill
authorizing such enlistments.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. HUTCHINS introduced a bill to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
CAPTDIU3D REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. UPTON introduced a bill to facilitate judi-
cial proceedings in the confiscation of captured
rebel property, and for the better administration
of the law of appraisal; which was read a firstand
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
MILITARY ROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. WEBSTER introduced the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
Hetolred, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of constructing a
military road from Washington city to New York city, by
way ot the route of the Philadelphia and Baltnnoie cential
railroad.
CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. WRIGHT introduced the following' reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
ResoIved, That the Committee 011 Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency 01 reportmga hill
to authorize a company to make a passenger railroad on
Pennsylvania avenue, Washington citv, fioiri the Capitol
to Georgetown ; with a provision that tiie President, heads
of Depaitmenu, and members of the Senate and House of
Repiesentativc^, may pass free on the same during the ses-
sions of Congress.
LEVI SIIAW.
Mr. LAZEAR introduced a bill for the relief
of Levi Shaw; which was read afirst atid second
time, anil referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
SPECIAL ORDER POSTPONED.
Mr. STEVENS. To-moriow, at one o'clock,
was fixed by the House for the consideration of
three or four bills and resolutions. I have un-
derstood that to-morrow and next day will be
occupied in announcing the death of two mem-
bers of the Senate. If that is so, perhaps it is
right that we should consent that those bills and
resolutions should go over until Thursday, at
one o'clock. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TESTIFYING BEFORE A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of amending the act
of 1857, exempting from prosecution such persons charged
with crimes as testify before congressional committees, so
as to repeal such exemption.
TAXATION.
Mr. BURNHAM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Connecticut, in reference to
the taxation bill of last session; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
UNIFORM WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. BURNHAM also presented the resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Connecticut, in
relation to a uniform system of weights and meas-
ures; which were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
FUGITIVE SLAVES IN JAIL.
Mr. FESSENDEN introduced the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be requested to report the number of fugitive slaves that
have been confined in the Government jail, in Washington,
since the 4th of March, 1861; by whom claimed ; whether
any of those fugitives have been returned to the claimants;
by what authority, and to whom.
Mr. ALDRICH. Is that resolution open to
amendment'
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to strike out "since
the 4 th of March, 1861, "and insert in lieu thereof,
" within the last year and a half."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I accept that amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by extend-
ing the inquiry, as to how many have been sur-
lendered since the issuing of the recent order of
Secretary Seward; and to whom.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I accept that amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. As the States have been called
over for bills and resolutions, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution for the construction
of a mihtary.railroad from Washington to New
York city was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was reconsidered; and the resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COLFAX moved that ten thousand extra
copies of the report be printed for the use of the
House of Representatives.
The motion was referted, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
five minutes after two o'clock, p. m.,) theHouse
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 10, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Suxdehland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
diaries Or. Nichols, praying to be allowed pay as
surgeon's steward, while he served m that capa-
city on board the sloop-of-war Falmouth; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of George F.
Patten and others, praying that the term of the
district court of Maine, now holden at Wiscasset,
may be held at Bath; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of N. C. Dennett
and others, citizens of Saco, Maine, praying for
the abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of Henry
B. Judd, a major in the Army, praying to be re-
lieved from the payment of money from certain
recruiting funds; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of A. B.
Hinman and others, citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Scott county, Iowa, and a petition of citizens
of Allamakee county, Iowa, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery throughout the country; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have the me-
morial of Francis C. Treadwell, a counselor of
the Supreme Courtof the United States,in which
he sets forth that some time during the last winter
he presented a complaint, with the proper affida-
vits, to the Chief Justice of the United States,
against Jefferson Davis, James M.Mason,R. M.
T. Hunter, and sundry other persons, charging
them with treason and conspiracy against the
Government; that his papers were returned to him
by the Clerk of the Supreme Court, by the direc-
tion of the Chief Justice, who said to him, speak-
ing from the Chief Justice, that " they were im-
proper papers to be presented to the court;" that
afterwards the same papers were presented to a
magistrate of the city of Washington; that he
refused to act upon them; and advising with
another person, now in the service of the Govern-
ment, that person advised against the proceed-
ings, saying that to proceed against Senators Ma-
son and Hunter, of Virginia, "would make a
racket." Accordingly, all such proceedings were
at that time suppressed. These statements are
authenticated by the affidavit of the memoralist,
and accompanying them are sundry papers. I
offer the memorial, with the papers, and ask their
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be so
referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That tile petition of Miles Devine. praying to
be allowed a pension on account of injuries received
while employed as a laborer on a United States fort, on
the files of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Thomas Ciown, praying
to be allowed damages occasioned by tho abi oration of a
contraetmade by him with Captain Blaney to furnish bricks
for the fortifications at Oak Island, on the files of the Sen-
ate. be referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consentobtained,leave tointroduce a bill (S. No.
93) for changing the place for holding the Septem-
ber term of the district court of the United States
in the district of Maine; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SAULSEURY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
94) for the relief of 01i\ ia W. Cannon ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
95) to provide for the comfort of discharged and
disabled persons in the military service of the
United States, 111 certain cases; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. N.o. 96)
to authorize tho President of the United States to
acquire territory for the settlement of fiee persons
of African descent; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations,
