2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
as it is desirable that the Government of the Uni-
ted States should for various reasons become the
purchaser of these lands rather than that they
should go into the hands of mere speculators who
may be following your commissioners to bid off
the lands justattlieamountof the taxes,it ispro-
vided that if the owner does not appear in person
before the commissioners on or before the day of
sale and request the commissioners to have the
land struck off ata mere nominal sum for the taxes,
the commissioners shall have the land struck off
to the United States at two thirds of their appraised
value, unless some person shall bid more than two
thirds of the assessed value of the lands; and if any
person does so bid, the lands shall be struck off
to him, and the proceeds paid into the Treasury.
Itis provided thatatany time within sixty days
jfter this sale takes place, the owner of any lot
of ground so sold may appear in his or her own
proper person before the commissioners, and if a
citizen, upon taking an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and paying the
amount of the tax with interest from the date of
the proclamation of the President mentioned in the
second section of the act, together with the ex-
pensesof thesaleand the subsequent proceedings,
he or she may redeem the lands from the sale by
the commissioners. If the owner is a minor or a
person of unsound mind or under any legal dis-
ability, he or his guardian or trustee may have
two years within which to redeem the land from
the sale; and this covers a class of persons who
are supposed in the law not to be capable of tak-
ing care of themselves.
Then, there is this further provision, which, in
my judgment, is a very important one, thatatany
time within one year after the sale by the com-
missioners, any person being the owner of any
lot or parcel of ground at the time of the passage
of the act, who will satisfy the commissioners that
in consequence of this insurrection he has been
unable to raise the money to pay the taxes, and
also that ho is without fault in bringing that dis-
ability upon himself, that is to say, that he has
taken no part in this insurrection, may be allowed
by the commissioners a still further time within
which he may bo permitted to redeem his land.
Before the commissioners persons who are inter-
ested may appear, and the matter may be contro-
verted, and if the amount in controversy exceeds
$2,000 in value, an appeal maybe taken from the
commissioners to the circuit court of the United
States, who are to proceed in this matter as upon
other cases arisingupon thcequityof redemption.
This gives to tnose persons who, in consequence
of the insurrection have not been able to pay their
taxes within the time prescribed, and who have
not been able to redeem their lands within sixty
days after the sale has taken place, and who will
show that they have been unaulo to meet it m con-
sequence of the state of the country, and that they
themselves are without fault, an additional time
of two years within which to redeem their lands
from the sale.
There is another provision which in my judg-
ment is an important one, that if the owners of
these lots of ground which have thus been sold
and struck off by the United States, shall aban-
don them, and the commissioners shall become
satisfied that they have abandoned them to join
the rebels or to take part in the rebellion against
the Government, the commissioneis may enter on
the lands and take possession of them in the name
of the United States, and lease them to such per-
sons as they please. Such leases, however, arc to
be in such form and with such security as shall,
in the judgment of the commissioners, produce
the greatest amount of revenue, and are to be sub-
ject to the approval of the President, and the com-
missioners may make temporary rules and regu-
lations in relation to these leases, and also such
rules and regulations as may be just and proper
to secure proper and reasonable employment and
support at wages or upon shares of the crop for
such persons and families as may be residing upon
these abandoned lands, which rules and regula-
tions are to be subject to the approval of the Pres-
ident, and to be by him transmitted to the next ses-
sion of Congress for their revision or modification.
The next provision of the bill I regard as a very
important one in its bearings on this whole diffi-
cult question as to the disposition of these lands.
It is that the board.of commissioners under the
direction of the President may be authorized, in-
stead of leasing the lands which become vested in
the United States as before provided, to cause the
same, or any portion thereof, to be subdivided and
sold in parcels not to exceed three hundred and
twenty acres, or you can make it any other num-
ber of acres—one hundred and sixty, if that be
preferable—to anyone purchaser at a public sale,
after giving due notice thereof as upon the sale of
other public lands of the United States, for sixty
days, and to issue a certificate therefor. At this
sale any loyal citizen of the United States, orany
person who shall have served faithfully as an offi-
cer, musician, private soldier, or sailor, in the
Army, Navy, or marine service of the United
States, as a regular or volunteer, for the term of
three months, may become the purchaser; and upon
such sale any person serving in the Army, Navy,
or marine corps may pay the purchase money for
the lands, or any part of it, in certificates of in-
debtedness for his pay or wages, or for any amount
which may be due to him for bounty as an officer
or soldier. There is a further provision—and I
believe this may be somewhat important—that
these persons serving in the Army or Navy or
marine corps can pay one fourth of the purchase
money for these lands, and take certificates there-
for, and be permitted at any time within three
years thereafter to pay the remainder. It is one
mode of providing for the payment of our soldiers
that they can turn in any indebtedness which may
be due them from the United States, and thus can-
cel the debt against the Government; and still fur-
ther, if they continue to serve in the Army, any-
thing which may become due to them hereafter
may also be turned in for the purchase of these
lands.
The bill also provides—and I should like to call
the attention of the Senator from Kentucky to that
point—for the application, to a certain extent, of
the preemption and homestead principle in favor
of the persons residing within ihese insurrection-
ary districts who are now without any lauds. It
provides that any citizen of the United States,
being the head of a family, and residing in the State
or district where these lands are situated, and not
being the owner of any other lands, may, under
such rules as may be established by the board of
commissioners, have the right to enter upon and
acquire the light of preemption in such lands as
may bo unimproved, and as may be selected by
the board of commissioners, under the direction of
the President, from time to time, forsuch purpose.
This goes on the assumption that a large amount
of these lands, under the operation of this bill,
will go to the Government of the United States—
I refer to the lands of leading rebels who are en-
gaged in the present insurrection. This provision
of the bill assumes that large amounts of their land
may, under its operations, come into and be vested
m the Government of the United States, and be-
come like our other public lands. I would open
them to sale and preemption to the poor people
residing.in those districts who have no land, and
I would fix them as the friends of the Government
and the Constitution forever, by making them
landholders and freeholders in the very lands that
belong to the rebels who have led this country
into this difficult state of affairs.
There is also a provision that the proceeds of
these sales and these leases shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States, and that one fourth
of the amount of these proceeds, in consideration
of the great loss sustained in the States where the
insurrection occurred, shall be paid over to the
State in which the lands are situated, whenever it
shall electa Governor and Legislature who shall
be faithful to the Constitution of the United States,
and take ail oath to support it. This is to be paid
over to those States, to allow the States to dis-
tribute it among those of their citizens who have
lost property and suffered damages by reason of
the insurrection. It provides further that one
fourth of all the proceeds which come into the
Treasury from the sale and the leasing of these
lands, shall be paid over to these States also, if
they choose to adopt the policy of colonizing all
such persons of African descent within their lim-
its who are now free, and may become free during
the insurrection, within those States, who shall
desire to emigrate to Hayti, Liberia, orany other
tropical State or colony. The other half of tiie
proceeds of the sales and leases is to remain in
our Treasury, as a part of the fund towards car-
rying on this war.
The fourteenth section of the bill provides that,
in case there is any difficulty in ascertaining the
precise assessment and valuation under the au-
thority of the State, the commissioners may make
it, or may approximate to it; and that any mis-
take in the amount of the assessment or valuation
shall not, in any respect, affect the title that may
be conferred under the act, but shall only be a
question of account between the former owner and
the Treasury, and that if he has been overcharged,
the balance shall be paid to him.
I have now, Mr. President, in as brief words
as I can, stated this project. I believe it will put
some money into the Treasury. I believe it is
not subject to any valid objection. I believe that
in many of its provisions it may have an import-
ant bearing upon the state of things. It in no
respect interferes with or conflicts with the various
propositions that relate to confiscation; nor does
it in any way conflict with the great tax measure
of the session. I believe that if this bill could be
taken up by the Senate and considered at some
proper time, and passed, it might put some money
into the Treasury.- I have called the attention of
the Senate to it, and I do not desire myself to oc-
cupy any further time. If there is no other bus-
iness before the Senate, I should like to have the
bill considered now, but if that is not desirable, I
am willing to have any day fixed for it that may
be satisfactory to the body.
Mr. HALE. Let it be passed over until to-
morrow; I desire now to call up another bill.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I have no objection to its
passing over. The attention of the Senate may
not have been called to some of the provisions oi
the bill. I respectfully askgentlemen's attention
to it, and I desire to notify my brethren around
me that I shall call it up, and ask the Senate to
pass it at an early day. 1 am now willing to con-
sent that it shall be laid over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING pFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
ill the chair.) The bill will be laid aside.
washington city ilailwar.
A message from the House ofRepresentatives,
by Mr. etheridge,its Clerk, announced that the
House had insisted upon its amendment to the
bill of the Senate (No. 178) to incorporate the
Washington and Georgetown Railway Company,
disagreed to by the Senate, and had agreed to the
committee of conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Tieaoof.rrs Stf.vf.ns of
Pennsylvania, Mr. James M.Ashley of Ohio,
and Mr. John B. Steele of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirving;
A bill (H. R. No. 404) to provide for the defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the pay of the two
and three years volunteers, and the officers and
men actually employed in the western department;
A bill (H. R. No. 444) to amend an act entitled
(t An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved August 5, "1861; and
A bill (II. R-. No. 4G0) to establish a port of
entry in the collection district of Beaufort, South
Carolina.
JDltOJtS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up and pass a bill which was intro-
duced by me some two or three weeks ago, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
has been reported back with a few slight amend-
ments. 1 move to take up the bill (S. No. 299)
providing for the selection of jurors in the sev-
eral courts in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. The amendments of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary are very slight and im-
material; they are merely as to detail. I hope the
amendments will be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments of the Committee on the Judiciary. The
