1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2979
" on endless belts or felts for paper, and blanket-
ing for printing machines, 5 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 'I move to insert
on. PaSe after line sixty-three, the words, "on
coir flooring and carpeting, 5 percent. advalorem.,}
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I believe that de-
bate has not been limited on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate is confined to
the bill, but the debate under the hour rule has
not been closed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman,
there is a motion pending to reconsider the vote of
the House by which the statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the 2d of June, in regard
to the national debt, was ordered to be printed.
That motion to reconsider opens up the whole ques-
tion of the public debt. The pending bill, now a
special order, is a revenue measure, and whatever
relates to the revenue, debt, and expenditures of
theGovernmentis pertinent to thedebate. Instead,
then, of calling up the motion to reconsider, I pro-
pose now to discuss the question of debt, revenue,
expenditure* and liabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio if he intends to confine
the discussion to the present bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly; but a
revenue measure opens up the whole question of
revenue and expenditure.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. I think the discus-
sion ought to be strictly confined to the present bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to have
this question settled before I proceed, because I
have a right, by calling up the motion to recon-
sider, to occupy the time of the House,but I prefer
todiscussthcquestion in Committeeof the Whole.
It will be precisely the same thing in the end.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the gen-
tleman intends to discuss the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In connection with
the question 1 have indicated.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman knows what
is in order, and I presume he will discuss the bill
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the rule requiring debate to be strictly con-
fined to the pending question means to the partic-
ular items and to the amount to be raised by those
items. Ithardlyopensupthewholequestionofthe
public indebtedness or of the public liability. It is
a question of how far it can be met by those items.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire, first, to
suggest that I have an unquestionable right to
discuss the expenditures and revenues of the
Government upon a bill raising revenue. It is
utterly impossible to determine whether the bill
ought to pass or not,until you have ascertained the
amount of the expenditures of the Government
and the amount of revenue needed to meet them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the debate must have reference to the effect
of these items upon the public revenue, and how
far they will go to meet the public indebtedness.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does the Chair say
that it would not be in order for me to discuss the
general question oftariffs for protection or revenue?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it would not be in order to discuss it outside
of the particular measures proposed in this bill or
the particular items.
,Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have very can-
didly stated the purpose which I had in taking the
floor. It is unnecessary for me to proceed any
further under that decision of the Chair; but as
soon as the House goes out of committee, I shall
call up the motion to reconsider and discuss the
whole subject.
The CM AIRMAN. The Chair will read the
rule:
" In Committee of the Wholeon the stateof the Union''
* * * * e< all debate on special orders shall be
confined strictly to the measure under consideration."
_Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is just pre-
cisely what I propose to do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that there is some force in these words, "strictly
to the measure under consideration." While the
Chair would regret exceedingly to have to restrict
the gentleman in his remarks, he would feel com-
pelled, if called upon, to rule that he must confine
himself s'trictly to ttie features of this bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I surrender
the floor.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following amendment
to the ninth section of the bill:
Strike out the words "wholly or in part,'' and inseit after
the word " worsted," the words " and cotton," m line fifty-
three; in line fifty-six, strike out the word "forty," and
insert the word "fifteen" in lieu thereof; and in lines fifty-
six and fifty-seven, strike out the words "3 cents per
square yard," and insert m lieu thereof the woids " 10 per
cent, ad valorem."
Mr. Chairman, I understand from the honorable
member from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] that this
is designed to be a tariff for revenue. 'This taiilT
bill has been thrown into the. House very hastily.
I have sought diligently, since it has been before
the Committee of Ways and Means, to obtain
some information that I mightcommunicatc to my
constituents, in order that we might have a proper,
fair, and just understanding of the subject, but I
was utterly unable, until the bill was reported to
the House, to ascertain what its provisions were.
The consequence is that we are now forced to
discuss the points in a very hasty and unsatis-
factory manner. The city of New York is largely
interested in this question of a tariff, and I should
have been gratified to have had some opportunity to
carefully examine and digest the various sections of
the bill in consultation with those gentlemen who
are to be most affected by them. I am, however,
obliged to throw myself hastily upon the indul-
gence of the House in presenting the few proposi-
tions, in the form of amendments, which I desire
to offer. I do not understand this to be a tariff
for revenue, but a tariff of prohibition, and 1 think
most of its provisions indicate that.
Now, the constituency which I represent has a
very large interest in this subject. I suppose that
not less than 70 per cent, of the importations in 1861
came into the port of New York.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am obliged to
rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from New York will pardon me, I know. I un-
derstand him to be discussing, not the particular
items of the bill, but the subject of revenue and
protection. I i^nderstood the decision of the Chair
to be, that when a bill was made the special order
the debate must be confined to the items of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN., The Chair understands
the gentleman from New York to be discussing
the question whether these particular items are of
one class of revenue measures or of another. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, 1 proposed
to discuss that myself somewhat, too.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentlemen to propose to occupy a much broader
field.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To the decision of
the Chair I bow very submissively.
Mr. WARD. I do not propose to discuss any
question utside of this bill, and I intend that the
tenor of my remarks shall be specifically directed
to it. 1 was merely explaining why the constitu-
ency which I represent is very materially inter-
ested in the amendments I intend to propose.
There is every disposition on the part of the com-
mercial community to submit to a very large in-
crease of duties; but, to my mind, there are many
provisions in the bill, among them the one to
which I offeied my amendment, which are rather
prohibitory in their character, and the effect will
be to diminish the revenues of the Government.
The effect of the tariff bill of March, I8P1I, was
to diminish largely the revenues of the Govern-
ment in the port of New York. This bill, instead
of being a bill to create a revenue, is to prohibit
importation. The evil effect of such ameasure is
not confined to my city, but extends as well to the
western section of the country. The continuance
of the prohibitive element in this biil will create a
complete involution in public sentiment.
In relation to this amendment 1 would say that
the articles referred to now pay a duty of 30 per
cent., and it is proposed to add 3 cents a square
yard. As the goods imported now are chiefly of
those qualities which cost from 2d. to 5d. sterling,
the additional duty will be equal to from 40 per
cent, on the lowest in value to 20 percent, on the
highest, and this, added to the duty now levied will
make the rates from TO per cent, to 50 per cent, tic-
cording to the cost of the fabric at and between the
prices of 2d. to 5d. sterling. The advance on goods
costing over 5d. and under the 40 cents a square
yard will be 20per cent., down to 10 per cent.; but
as there are very few goods of this class imported
which would cost as high 40 cents a square yard,
the project would bear mainly on the low cost, and
thus our poor and laboring citizens would be com-
pelled to bear the heaviest part of the tax.
My opinion, then, in relation to the goods af-
fected in the lines indicated, is that they will not
bear an additional duty of over 10 per cent, ad
valorem for those which cost less than 10 cents a
square yard; and for those which cost above that,
5 per cent, ad valorem. Even with this addition,
many of the finer grades of worsted and cotton
fabrics would be driven out of the market because
the duties would be increased by the premium on
specie, now 9 per cent., and the cost of the goods
enhanced by the exorbitant lates of exchange,
now 7§ per cent, above the usual advancc taken
to establish the cost of goods and which, with the
premium on specie, would be equal to about 10
per cent, to add to any duty which may be im-
posed. This 10 per cent, (about) will operate on
all imported goods, and should not be lost sight of.
Thus those goods which under this new project
would pay 70 per cent, ostensibly, would really
have to sustain 80 per cent., besides all other
charges, which are equal to about 15 per cent, ad-
ditional, making in all 95 per cent. ! These arc
all facts, without a shade of exaggeration, and are
deserving of mature consideration.
There is another objection to this. The imposi-
tion of the duty on the square yard is objection-
able. The 10 per cent, which I propose would, in
my judgment, yield a larger revenue than we
should have under the proposed section. It would
be fair and just, and a sufficient advance on the
present duties. I think it is all that this House
should ask from the city of New York, which is
largely interested in this trade. I therefore hope
that the House will agree to my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York whether he knows
and will state the duty at present imposed on this
article ?
Mr. WARD. I have the tariff here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is obvious to
the committee that the gentleman from New York
docs not understand what the present duty on the
article is.
Mr. WARD. I presumed the gentleman might
himself be informed on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 wanted to see
whetherthe gentleman understood the question he
was discussing, being curious to know how he
made out the aggregate duty these articles are to
bear, not knowing what they now bear.
Mr. WARD. I have before me the tariff act of
March, ltfGl-.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know very
well what the present duty is, but I desired to as-
certain whether the gentleman from New York
understood the subject about which he was talk-
ing—this subject of the present duty on delaines.
The duty is really less than on almost any other
kind of woolen, worsted, or silk goods. On de
Iaines there is but 25 per cent., ad valorem on gray,
and 5 per ccnt. more on colored at the present
time. We tax the cotton put into these goods one
halfcentapound,and we also tax the manufactur-
ers 3 pet cent, on their products; and yet last year
the manufacturers of muslin delaines in this coun-
try, in the absence of all such internal taxes, were
not able to realize a single picayune of profit from
that branch of business. This class of goods are
more largely consumed at present than any other
class ofdress goods made in the country—calicoes,
perhaps, not excepted. It is true that the Ameri-
can manufacturers are only able to make a very
few descriptions of this style of goods; but what
they do make are of an excellent quality. In the
words of the old English novelist, they are made
not so much with reference to beauty as to qual-
ities that will wear well, although by no means
deficient in style and artistic finish. They cannot
be manufactured at the rates for which goods used
as substitutes, nominally cheaper but in fact much
dearer, are manufactured in England, France, or
Belgium. I have on my desk samples of various
fabrics which take the place of American goods,
and I invite gentlemen to examine them, with the
amount at which they were invoiced and imported
heie, and to judge for themselves whether or not
they were properly invoiced, and if so, whether
the duty which we now propose, of 3 cents per
square yard—which is only 2 cents on the running
yard—is more than sufficient as a purely revenue
measure. I admit that on those goods which only
