1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 97)
to-provide for the leorganization of the medical
department of the Army; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs} and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.No.
22) providing for the payment of the awards of
the commission to investigate the military claims
in the department of the West; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. NESMITH, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 99) providing for the protection of over-
land emigrants to California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington Territory; winch was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
EXPULSION OP A SENATOR.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following resolution;
and ask that it He on the table, giving notice that
I shall call it up for consideration in a day or two:
Resolved, That Waldo P. Johnson, a Senator from the
State of Missouri, by his sympathy wit!) and participation
In the rebellion against the Government of the United States,
has been guilty of conduct incompatible with his duty and
station as a Senator; and that he be therefor, and hereby
is, expelled from the Senate of the United States.
AIDS-DE-CAMP.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
limiting the number of aids-de-camp to be appointed by the
President.
THE FISHERIES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the message of the President, of July 2*2,
relative to the appointment of a joint commission, with a
view to the protection of the fisheries adjacentto the north-
eastern coast and islands of Noith Ameiica, be taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on Foreign ReJa-
' tions.
THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther resolutions or bills, the question before the
' Senate is on the resolution submitted yesterday by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
i which will be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
| Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicialy be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of
I abolishing the present judicial system of the United States,
. and establishing instead thereof another judicial system, in
; pursuance ot the provisions of the Constitution, which, in
'' the opinion of Congress, will meet the lequirements of the
> Constitution.
m
The resolution was agreed to.
ADMISSIONS TO THE FLOOR.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution,sub-
it mitted by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
& Anthony] yesterday, is now before the Senate,
and will be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
: Resolved, That Governors and ex-Govemors of States be
7. admitted to the floor of the Senate.
* Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to make that reso-
* lution conform to the usual form by saying:
J That the -18th mle be amended by adding thereto the fol-
^ lowing: "And Governors and ex-Governors of States."
* Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend by adding,
" and Territories."
* Mr. COLLAMER. I think that alteration of
s the rules requires time.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that the resolution submitted by the
Senator from Rhode Island yesterday is equiva-
lent to a notice of a day. The rules cannot be
changed without a notice of one day.
^ Mr. ANTHONY. I accept the amendment of
4* the Senator fiom Iowa.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that the resolution
$ shall be committed. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
& Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to its
taking that direction.
* The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
* none.
>#•
SALE OF LIQUOR TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, it will be recol-
lected by Senators that at the summer session of
Congress a bill was passed to prohibit the sale
of intoxicating drinks to soldiers in this District.
I learn that by some criticism upon that bill, its
intended effect has been to some extent evaded.
I have prepared a bill with a view to make that
act more operative and effective. I ask leave,
without previous notice, to introduce the bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 98) to amend an act
entitled " An act to prohibit the sale of spirituous
liquors and intoxicating drinks in the District of
Columbia, in certain cases," approved August 5,
1861; and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be read in full.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted i tyc., That any person offending against the
provisions of the act, entitled " An act to prohibit the sale
of spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks in the District
of Columbia, in ceitain cases," approved August 5, 1881,
may be tried before any justice of the peace for the District
of Columbia; and, upon conviction, shall pay a fine of
twenty dollars, or indefaultof such payment shall be com-
mitted to the jail in Washington county, in the District of
Columbia, for thirty days.
Sec. 2. Jbul be it further enacted, That all fines col-
lected under the provisions of this act, and the att hereby
amended, shall be paid to the levy court of Washington
county, in the District of Columbia, for the use ofsaid court.
Mr. HARRIS. The only change that this
amendment makes in the former bill is to give ju-
risdiction of these cases to justices of the peace;
and as I can conceive of no possible objection, I
will, with the indulgence of the Senate, ask that
the bill may be put upon its passage.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to the
bill; but I desire to suggest, that by committing
it, it may have some additions. I have under-
stood that the decision has been here, under that
act, that if a grocer delivers out liquor to a man
who delivers it to a soldier, that is not a sale to a
soldier under the act. The result is, as I am told,
that soldiers send citizens in to buy grog for them.
I desire that the bill may receive some form that
shall prevent such evasion. I desire, therefore,
that the bill may bo referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, of which the gentleman is a mem-
ber.
Mr. HARRIS. I will give way to that sug-
gestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the following bills
and joint resolutions, now on the Calendar, were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 9) to provide for the intro-
duction of a code of marine signals adapted to
secret service, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. Wo. 83) for the temporary increase
of midshipmen in the Naval Acadetpy;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 5) to examine
the condition of the Naval Academy, and inquire
as to the reorganization thereof;
A joint resolution (S. No. 6) to place the name
of Lieutenant Charles Thomas upon the active
service list of the United States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. No. 12) to place the name
of Commander Amasa Paine upon the active ser-
vice list of the Navy;
A joint resolution (S.No. 13) to place the name
of Lieutenant Charles Hunter on the active ser-
vice list of the Navy; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 14) to place the name
of Lieutenant Peter Turner upon the active ser-
vice list of the Navy.
DEATH OF HON'. It. S. BIXGIIAM.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, again is
the Senate called to mourn the loss of one of its
membeis. Thrice since the adjournment of the
extra session in March last has the great de-
stroyer knocked at the door of the Senate Cham-
ber, and on each occasion one of our noblest and
best has fallen before his fatal shaft. Then Doug-
las,Bingham,and Baker were nobly combatting
for the preservation of the Constitution and the
Union; now they are silent; gone to
"that undiscovered country
From whose bourne no traveler returns;"
gone to account to that higher tribunal before
which we all must ere long appear.
Mr.President,it ismy painfulduty to announce
to the Senate and the country the decease of my
late colleague, Hon. Kinsley S. Bingham, which
occurred at his residence in Green Oak, Living-
ston county, Michigan, on Saturday, the 5th of
October last. :
Mr. Bingham was born in Camillus, Onondaga
county, State of New York, on the 16th of De-
cember, 1808. His father was a farmer in mod-
erate circumstances, but of high character and
strict integrity. As was usual with the sons of
farmers at that time, young Bingham attended the
district school in winter, and labored on the farm
in summer, until, at the age of thirteen years, he
commenced his academical course at Onondaga
Hollow, whieh was subsequently completed at
Bennington, Vermont, the birthplace of his father;
after which he taught a district school in his na-
tive town, and at the age of twenty entered the
law office of James R. Lawrence, Esq., of Ca-
millus, (now of Syracuse,) New Yoj-k. Although
admitted to the bar, I am not aware that he ever
entered upon the practice of his profession, his
taste leading him to agricultural pursuits.
In the spring of 1833, at the age of twenty-four,
appreciating the future destiny of the then pros-
perous Territory of Michigan, he selected it as
his home, and settled upon the farm on which he
continued to reside until his death. Without
money or friends, with nothing but his own strong
arm and indomitable will, with his young and
interesting wife, he chose to carve for himself, in
the midst of the wilderness, a home, a name, and
a fame. How well this was accomplished, the
records of his adopted State and of the nation
will answer. He was appointed the first justice
of the peace, the first postmaster, and the first
supervisor in the township. He was elected a
member of the House of Representatives of the
first Legislature under the State constitution, and
was reelected live successive years; and during
those years was three times elected speaker of
the House of Representatives. In 1846, he was
elected a member of the popular branch of the
national Legislature, and reelected in 1848. A
Democrat of the Jeffersonian and Jackson school,
and a zealous partisan when the demands of party
did not conflict with the maintenance of principle,
he won distinction as a warm and persistent ad-
vocate of the Democratic doctrine embodied in
the " Wilmot proviso." Opposing under all cir-
cumstances the extension of slavery over free ter-
ritory, he persistently and ably opposed the an-
nexation of Texas, and the compromise which
both preceded and followed that result.
In 1850 he was denounced by the party leaders
who had so lately delighted to do him honor, and
was defeated in the nominating convention of his
party upon the slavery extension issue. From
this date, he became preeminently the people's
candidate, repudiated by party leaders, yet prov-
ing by the records that he was true to the princi-
ples of his party. In 1854, at the organization of
the Republican party, in mass convention of the
people he was nominated as candidate for Gov-
ernor of the State, and triumphantly elected. In
1856 ho was reelected by the largest majority ever
given to any candidate in tiie State. So un-
bounded was the public confidence in his ability,
fidelity, and integrity, that when a vacancy oc-
curred in the Senate ot the United Stales, in 1859,
he was elected almost by acclamation.
Since occupying a seat upon this floor, his
course is known to all. You, Senators, will bear
record that no member of this body was more
highly esteemed for the purity of his life, the
soundness of his judgment, and his fidelity to
principle. Yet it was neither in the Senate nor
the forum that the virtue and abilities of Senator
Bingham shone with the most resplendent luster.
There he was appreciated as the brave and able
defender of popular rights, as the champion of
free speech and a free government. But in the
township, m the neighborhood in which he lived,
he was beloved as the kind neighbor and the dis-
penser of open-handed hospitality. In sickness
and in health, equally for the high and the low,
the rich and the poor, he was ever solicitous and
considerate. The widow and the fatherless found
in him both sympathy and counsel.
Upon the family circle of his own home this
blow has fallen with crushing weight. To a gen-
tle, loving wife and two sons, the loss is irrepara-
ble. From the desolated hearthstone I will not
attempt to raise the vail of grief. A loving hus-
