88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
band, a fond and indulgentfather, has been called
to a higher and a better sphere.
In the death of Senator Bingham the nation
has lost an able and patriotic defender in the hour
of its greatest need, the State a representative in
the Senate whose seat can scarcely be filled, and
I, a friend. Truly the ways of Providence are
inscrutable and past finding out.
I beg leave to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
cere desire of showing every mark of respect due to the
memory of Hon. Kinsley S. Bingham, deceased, late a
Senator from the State of Michigan, will go into mourning
by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as an additional mark of re?pect for the
memory ot lion. Kinsley S. Bingham, the Senate do now
adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives,
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to second
the resolutions offered by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, and to pay my tribute of respect
to the memory of a friend whom I esteemed when
hp was living, and a statesman whose course is
finished and is worthy of honor.
A wise and good Providence hides the future
from our view by an impenetrable vail. When
Kinsley S. Bingham left this Chamber at the ex-
piration of the extra session of Congress in Au-
gust last, he had apparently as strong a hold of
life as any now here. I saw him in September
after, in this city, whither he had come to advise
with the War Department to facilitate and aid in
the organization of the volunteers of the State of
Michigan. He was then full of life and energy,
rejoicing in the spirit of patriotism that animated
the loyal people of the whole country, and that the
State of which he was a representative had so
promptly filled her quota of the military force au-
thorized by Congress for the suppression of the
extended and infamous insurrection that still dis-
turbs the public peace. Soon after, when we had
both reached our distant homes, the telegraph,
which now flashes the intelligence of an event at
the same moment to all parts of the country and
almost in the instant of its occurrence,announced
that Senator Bingham, of Michigan, was dead:
that he died suddenly of apoplexy. The gallant
volunteers of Michigan, in whose service lie was
so lately active, are in the field, prepared in con-
cert with the immense hosts of brave men from
other States to defend their country against all
enemies, and to maintain inviolate the flag of the
Union. We shall see him here no more.
But the memory of a good man lives after him,
and Kinsley S. Bingham was a good man.
He was a genuine specimen of the citizens of
our free Government. While a minor at home,
he woiked on his father's farm, kept school,and
read law. When still a young man, withoutfor-
tune or friends from whom he could expect assist-
ance to make his way in the world, he emigrated
from his native home, in Onondaga county, New
York, to Michigan, then a Territory. He there
selected the land for a farm, established his home
upon it, and with the labor of his own hands sub-
dued and cultivated it. His integrity and his good
sense won for him the respect and esteem of his
neighbors. They selected him for a magistrate,
and he was one of the first justices of the peace
commissioned in the region of country where he
settled, liis steady and jthrifty industry carried
him along with the growth and increasing popu-
lation, and he was frequently .elected to the State
Legislature. He was sent to Congress, was chosen
and served two terms as Governor of the State,
and was afterwards elected by the Legislature to
the office of Senator in Congress.
I made his acquaintance when he was a mem-
ber ot the House of Representatives. I served
with him there when questions of the highest in-
terestagitated the public mind,and were discussed
and acted upon by Congtess. I knew him well,
and admired the noble qualities he displayed in
the long and turbulent session that commenced in
December, 1849, and adjourned late in the year
1850, after having passed the measures known as
the compromises of 1850. The uncompromising
firmness he manifested in the support of his prin-
ciples during that session won for him the esteem
and confidence of the people of the State of Mich-
igan, which he possessed unimpaired to the day
of his death.
He was modest and unpretending in his char-
acter and manners; yet there were few men who
comprehended so clearly and so fully the scope
and effect of public measures, or who were more
sagacious to detect and understand the purpose or
object for which they were brought forward.
'He was an honest and a fearless man, careful
and deliberate in forming his opinions, and firm
in maintaining them. The first inquiry he re-
quired his own mind to answer respecting any
public measure upon which he was called to act
was, is the proposition itself right or wrong?
His opinions were formed upon the deliberate con-
victions of his judgment and his conscience, and
he could not be persuaded to do what he believed
to be wrong. No change in condition or position
made any change in Kinsley S. Bingham. He
was always the same man, devoted in his whole
heart and soul to the Republic; he was emphatic-
ally one of the people. While the men of whom
he was a fair type and a noble example till the
soil of our country, the Republic will live.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, a small portion
of the public knew fully the true character and
intrinsic worth of the deceased Senator of Michi-
gan. None but his near friends and intimate ac-
quaintances could fully appreciate the sterling
integrity and manliness of his character, the sin-
cerity of his heart, and the warmth of his friend-
ship, the constancy of his purpose, and his fidelity
to his own convictions.
Q,uiet in his manners, retiring in his habits, un-
ostentatious in his appearance, he did not largely
attract to himself the notice of the world. Deep
in the recesses of his own bosom he carried his
convictions of duty, and sedulously and silently
he performed it, as a pleasure he enjoyed, or a
task with which he alone, in some respects, had
to do. In this regard he was emphatically a true
man—honest with himself as well as others.
He made himself not very prominent; nor was
he noisy or obtrusive. Men saw his acts rather
than heard his words; they observed rather the
results than watched the processes. He did not
often mingle personally in debate, seldom made
what is called " a speech," did not attract crowds
by his eloquence, nor move the mirth or applause
of the galleries; but in that record, of votes which
will be preserved in the annals of the nation and
in their effects upon the institutions of the coun-
try, he has a monument far more enduring than
"swift-winged words arranged in brilliant, van-
ishing sentences."
Some men love to live in the very focus of ob-
servation. Every movement made, every act
done, and every word said, is with reference to
the largest number of watchful gazers, ardent ad-
mirers, or entranced hearers. But the dead Sen-
ator, though much in public life, in both Houses
of Congress, and for four years the chief Execu-
tive of his own State, manifested no such fond-
ness for admiration. He was ever the same un-
pretending, quiet, but conscientious and true
man. He came silently to the Senate; he went
as noiselessly away; but his " yea "and his " nay"
were ever as constant and as fitm as the sternest
patriotism or imperative duty could demand.
He took his seat in the Senate in the most trying
period of the Government under the present Con-
stitution. The cloud, which had been seen at first
on the horizon "no bigger than a man's hand,"
had risen and spread until it darkened the heavens.
The elements were convulsed; the storm howled,
and finally burst into an awful sweepof rebellion,
treason, and war. " Men's hearts failed." The
farthest-sighted could not then, more than now,
discern the future. All walked in obscurity and
uncertainty. Some declared the true path was on
the right; others, on the left. Some maintained
that it was madness to advance, and that security
and peace were in concession and retreat; while
others as steadily declared that the powers of the
Government could only be preserved and asserted
by an uncompromising adherence to the doctrines !
of its founders. Interests were enlisted and pas-
sions aroused; class was arrayed against class and
section against section, till the conflict culminated
in seceding Strafes and a falling Government.
But in this strife and uncertainty the Senator
from Michigan never wavered or faltered. He had
determined for himself what duty and principle
required; and he did not shrink from the struggle.
He loved the great principles of constitutional
liberty, sought their expansion; and firmly be-
lieved that, for the true development of the re-
sources of the country and the races, the Terri-
tories of the United States should be kept from
the grasp of slavery. This conviction nothing
could shake, and he would do nothing hostile to
it. A nature so sincere as his could not. He had
formed it years before. Its assertion had lost him
caste with many of his political friends in 1848and
1850. Grieved at a separation from them, in com-
parative retirement he cherished and matured it.
He carried it with him into the executive chair of
his own State, and he brought it into the Senate
of the United States. He held it with wonderful
tenacity; grappled it with " hooks of steel;" and
when the Government became convulsed, he would
not, nay, he could not, cast it from him. With
a mind so clear, and a nature so sincere and true
to itself, he could not abandon his convictions;
for he must be honest with himself. He was em-
inently patriotic. He loved his country with a
sincere devotion, and readily sent his son to the
field when she needed strong and willing hands to
save the capital. As readily would he have gone
himself had his services been needed there more
than in his place as Senator.
Mr. President, on the day before the disaster at
Bull Run, I went with the deceased Senator to
Fortress Monroe. We were there on the day of
the battle, and I cannot forget how, while going
and returning, and while there, his thoughts were
continually recurring to the anticipated strife.
We did not then know the fate of the day, nor if
a battle had taken place, nor did we doubt of our
success, if it had; but the condition of the coun-
try was in all his thoughts, finding continual ex-
pression in his language. Just before we left the
fortress, at the invitation of Colonel Baker, he
mounted one of the colonel's horses, and they two
rode out to the village of Hampton. 1 awaited
their return as they came cantering back together.
Now the old village of Hampton lies in ashes by
the torch of rebels, and those two Senators have
fallen—one by the bullets of domestic foes, and
the other scarcely less suddenly at the touch of
the angel of disease.
Mr. President, death comes often to the Senate.
He has stricken down Senators singly, and in
pairs even more frequently. In one session we
paid the customary tribute to two who had died,
among their friends,in vacation; and we followed
two others from the Capitol to the grave—four in
one year! Over there, by the door, sat the brave
young Broderick, like an eagle by his loved Pa-
cific; here, close by the now rebel chief, upon
whom he delighted to spring, the fearless, plucky
Douglas; and there the dashing,brilliant Baker,
launching his glittering shafts at the wily, wincing
Benjamin; and in the other Chamber, in my term,
Bell and Henderson and Evans and Butler—all
have died. The nation, amid treason and threat-
ening rum, mourns her gallant dead! But oh,
how more than fortunate they over those who have
left the Chamber to strike a dagger to the nation's
heart!
Mr. President, to you andto me the death of the
Senator from Michigan comes more sadly and
closely than to many others. Within a year, each
the equal of the others in age, for two years at the
same lodging, and much of the time at the same
table, we had come to love him as a friend, and were
almost as brothers. We well knew the simplicity
of his tastes, the sincerity of his heart, and the
manliness of his character; and we well know,
too, the bitterness of the sorrow that is presented
to his bereaved family. But there we will not
follow; and we leave him in his now-made grave,
to be watched over and mourned as one of the
"loved and lost."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there are Sen-
ators who knew Mr. Bingham well while he was
a member of the other House. I knew ium well
only when he became a member of this body.
Our seats here were side by side, and, as he was
constant in his attendance, I saw him daily. Our
acquaintance soon became friendship, quickened
by common sympathies, and confirmed by that
bond which, accoidmg to the ancient historian,
is found in the idem scniire de repubiica. In his
death I have lost a friend; but the sorrow of
friendship is deepened when I think of the loss to
our country.
If he did not impress at once by personal ap-
pearance or voice or manner, yet ail these, as we
became familiar with them, testified constantly to
