1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
" Question. Is it in the same condition now it was in
when you received it?
" Jinswcr. It is, sir."
There you have the evidence of the alderman
who had the custody of the box containing the
votes of the third division of the sixteenth ward,
and which upon a recount show a gain for Mr.
Kline of thirty votes; and yet these thirty votes
are to be taken from him! Tell me, if you please,
upon what principle these votes can be taken from
him, and this done for the purpose of giving the
sitting' member a right to a seat upon this floor?
I read further from the evidence of Mr. Mecke:
" Question. Is it not surrounded with tape, sealed with
sealing-wax in various places, the sealing-wax coveiing the
tape; and is not the box perfectly secure ?
" Jlnswer. It is, sir."
Now, sir, I know of no way by which, in com-
pliance with the statute law of Pennsylvania, these
boxes could have been placed anywhere else. It
is made the duty of the election board to deposit
them with the nearest magistrate to the place where
the election is held. These two boxes, it seems,
were put into the custody of these two gentlemen
—magistrates. Now, with regard to the third, the
report says that the ballots which were put into
the box in the first division of the nineteenth ward
were deposited with Alderman Field, in that
'Mr. Kline has a gain of seven votes. Now I re-
fer to the evidence of this Mr. Field:
" Question. Are you an aidennan for the nineteenth ward
of this city?
" Jlnswer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Have you in your custody, as such aidennan,
the division box of the first division of the nineteenth waid
of this city used in the election hold^ln that division on the
second Tuesday of October, 1860; and if so, by whom was
it brought to >ou; where to, and when ?
C£ rfnsivei. I have the box; I believe it to belt; delivcied
to me on the night of the election, whether befoie or after
twelve I can't *ay, by the election officers of the first divis-
ion of the nineteenth ward, at my office in Fifth street,
below Diamond, in the nineteenth ward.
" Question. Have you that box here now?
" Answer. I believe it to be it. I have the one that was
deposited with me here.
" Question. Is not that box sin rounded with red tape,
which red tape is covered with sealing-wax, now unbroken ?
"•Answer. Yes.
ii Question. Hasthatbox been in yourcusstodycversincc
the night of the election in October last; and is it now in
the same condition it was in when deposited with you?
ii Answer. The moioing aftci the election, .is soon .is I
opened my office, f locked it by,kept the key in my pocket
since, no pcij-on has had access to it since, and, to the best
of my knowledge, it is in the same condition as it was when
deposited with me."
Now, this is the sworn evidence of the officer
whose duty it is made to take charge of these
boxes. He swears that to the best of his opinion
that box remained in his hands from the time it
was deposited until it came out of his hands by
the process of taking the evidence in this case.
Mr. Kline, as I have said, has a gain of seven
votes in this ward. Add the results of the three
together and it gives to Mr. Kline a majority en-
titling him to lus seat here. If these boxes, pre-
served under the solemnity and sanction of the
law for the express purpose of meeting just such
a case as arose here in this contested election, are
to be treated with entire and absolute disregard,
there is no necessity on eaith for preserving them
after an election has been held. And I ask tins
House what right or authority has it to deprive
the contesting member of what the law gives him ?
The law of his own Statu gives it to him, and the
justice of the House ought to award it to him.
There wen* eighteen thousand votes polled in the
third district. Air. Verree came here, on his cer-
tificate, with a majority oftwenty-two votes. That
certificate was only prima facie evidence of his
right to take his seat in the House. The actual
recount of the votes shows Mr. Kline to have been
elected, and proves him to be entitled to his seat.
As I have already stated, Mr. Speaker, the very
object and aim of the law in preserving these bal-
lots is to correct errors. If they have been tam-
pered with as is claimed by the sitting member—
if the fact be shown that tickets had been lemoved
and others substituted for them, then I do not pre-
tend that in lhatcasethe record should hethegov- !
erning principle on winch the House should decide '
thequesbon of the election. But fraud is a thing
which, like other matters, must be proved. The
allegation of fraud amounts to no more than the
allegation of any other infraction of law. Fraud
must be proved Now, show me irom the evi-
dence, if you please, in whatpartofthis case there
is proof of fraud on the part of these three alder-
men, aft^r these boxes were placed in their cus-
tody. 6ne evidence of fraud that the committee
has discovered is that in the case of the" stickers"
the pasters were evidently put on after the ballots
had been folded. I agree with the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections on that point.
As my colleague [Mr. Johnson] has said, these
tickets had been folded days and days before the
election. It is when voters come to the polls pre-
pared to put in their ballots, that the impression
is made upon them to change their votes. The.,
voter takes his ballot out of his pocket and puts
in a paster, if he is convinced that he ought to vote
differently from what he had intended to vote
The chairman of the Committee of Elections
turned to my colleague and asked- authority for
the statement that, by the law of Pennsylvania,
tickets are to be folded. Undoubtedly that is the
law. You cannot in Pennsylvania place your
tickets in the box unless they are folded. In other
words, the law of Pennsylvania will not permit
others to know how you vote, so far as the ballot is
concerned. These tickets, as 1 havesaid,arefolded
days and days before the election, and if they are
opened at the window for the purpose of putting
a sticker or paster on them, why, as a matter of
course, that paster would cover a fold. I do not
think, therefore, that the inference which the gen-
tleman draws from this state of facts is legitimate
and proper. I think, at least, that under the ex-
planation which I have given, the gentleman ought
not to insist on that as an evidence of fraud. Ac-
cording to the report, the gentleman infers fraud,
because there were loose tickets in some of these
boxes. Now, it is to be remarked that it is in
evidence by the officers of the election'that sepa-
rate tickets were put in the box
Much stress is laid, in the report of the com-
mittee, on the fact that a man named McKinney
swore thathesawa man at one time enter the office
of the alderman who had charge of one of these
boxes, take it4>ut of the office, and return it back
again. Now, lot me sayno the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, that he will find, as he
has undoubtedly read in the printed pages of the
testimony, that the witnesses who were called not
only testified that McKinney is a man of bad char-
acter for truth and veracity, but that they would
not believe him under oath; and i think the sitting
member did not attempt to sustain the character
of McKinney. I know that in looking over the
evidence last night, I found that witness after wit-
ness was called in reference to McKinney's char-
acter. Among the rest Alderman Clark, whom I
know very well, and other highly respectable gen-
tlemen. They all swore he was unworthy of be-
lief under oath.
Now, when the alderman is made the custodian
of the boxes containing the ballots of electors,
something stronger than the evidence of a man
whose character is proven to be so worthless that
he is not to be believed under oath is nccessary
to throw doubt upon the ballots. I think there is
no reason given in the report of the committee,
with regard to these boxes, why they should be
thrown out. Why, sir, the ballots contained in
those boxes which showed the true state of things
in regard to the election of that day, sealed, tied
up, placed in charge of the aldermen, men of high
character and standing, are of infinitely more force
and power than the evidence of a man who would
attempt to cast doubt upon the manner in which
they had been kept, and whose character is so
vile, according to the testimony produced, that he
was not only not entitled to credence, but that he
should not be believed under oath. That is not
the way in which those ballots which were cast
on the second Tuesday in October, in these three
districts, for John Kline, should be disposed of.
It is a summary proceeding. I do not call in ques-
tion the honesty or proper motives of the Com-
mittee of Elections, against whom 1 have nothing
to say, but I hold that there should be some
stronger evidence than there has been adduced, to
justify the House in refusing to give to Mr. Kline
the benefit of the results shown by recount of those
ballots. They give him majorities, one of seven-
teen , one of thn teen, and another of seven. Allow
him these votes and he is entitled to his seat. Take
them from him and you give the seat to the sitting
member.
Now, Mr. Speaker, through a long practice in
the courts of my own State, for a period of one
third of a century, it has been my fortune to have
been engaged in a great number of these contested-
election cases; and the invariable ruling has been
that it is not the certificate that is conclusive. It
is the condition of the ballot-box that is to govern
in such cases. It is not the men who sum up the
votes after a long day's election, that are to judge
conclusively of the result. It is the votes con-
tained in the ballot-box that are to be conclusive.
That is a rule of law. It is not only founded on
principles of common sense, but it is a law which
is incorporated into a statute, and is entered on the
statute-book of the State. Let us have an appli-
cation of the rule which we apply under our own
system of judicature in the administration of jus-
tice in cases of contested elections; and I venture
to say that no court in the State of Pennsylvania
would, after a hearing, pretend to assume that
because an impeached witness had sworn that he
saw one of these boxes (the ballots in which
would not change the result) go into the hands of
another person, that was such evidence of fraud
as the law requires to be given. Fraud is not only
to be alleged, but is to be proved, as any other
fact is to be proved. I have nothing to say with
regard to the report of the committee as to their
overruling or ignoring the want of formality at-
tending the notice on the part of the contesting
member here. The committee has been disposed
to give a liberal treatment in regard to it; but I
think it could not have done less. I refer to this
as a matter which may, perhaps, be looked at
hereafter.
In his tenth specification the contestant says:
" The examination of the tally papers and all of the other
election papers relating to said congressional election, and
deposited in the office of the prothonotary of the court of
common pleas, and deposited in the several ballot-boxes m
said congressional district, together with a lecount of all
tiie ballots deposited in said ballot-boxes, in said district,
at said election, will show that you were not elected, and
that I was elected."
Now, the very point made by the contestant,
piepaiatory to his making an effort to sustain his
case, was the allegation that on a recount of the
boxes it would appear that he had more ballots
than the sitting member, and that therefore he
was legally and properly elected a member of the
House of Representatives. The chairman of the
Committee of Elections claims credit in his report
for having passed over that with some degree of
leniency, so far as the contestant is concerned. It
is unnecessary to allude to it here, because the
case is taken up on its merits.
Now, Mr. Speakei, if the ballots contained in
these three boxes (the only ones that can really
affect the result of the election) are to be counted,
they show that Mr. Kline was elected. If you
throw theni out, then Mr. Verree is elected. And
I call upon gentlemen who wish to act conscien-
tiously in regard to this matter, to say whether
that comes under either provision ofthe Constitu-
tion as to the qualification or returns or election
of members of this House? The man who is
elected by the voters of his district is the one that
is entitled to his seat; and no man can gainsay that
position; and as, in the State of Pennsylvania,
the ballots contained in the ballot-box are the only
evidences of election, then I say that if, on a .re-
count, they show a result different from that first
readied, it requires convincing, plain, I will not
{?ay positive, proof to show that these ballots have
been tampered with, and are not to be regarded as
reliable. 1 ask the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections whether, if he were canvass-
ing these facts before a jury of twelve men, he
would rest his case before.that jury on the fact that
McKinney has sworn to in this ease—contradictcd
as McKinney is by unimpeachable testimony.
The issue before that jury, if it were traversed,
would be, "Were these boxes in the same condi-
tion that they were in on the night ofthe election?
Had they been kept as they were left? Were they
just as they came into the hands ofthe aldermen?
On that issue, as the evidence is unfolded to me,
it stukes me that no jury, on a tiaverse of the
facts, could say they were satisfied in their minds
that tickets had been taken out and other tickets
substituted. Great allowance is to be made for the
hasty manner in which these contested-election
cases are made up before the committee and the
House. Because of the multiplicity of other busi-
ness, the committee cannot devote that time and
attention to the subject which is demanded, but
which is too often neglected. Therefore I have
always, in my legislative life, resolved for myself
the propriety of voting on the reports of the Com-
