2980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
cost from 2d. and 3d. to 5d. and 6d- per yard, this
duty will amount to a large percentage. But the
sum total is very small, and no more than reason-
able. It is utterly impossible, so small is the actual
cost or the invoiced cost, to give any protection
to those who manufacture competing American
goods except by a square yard duty.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Vermont, whether he is speak-
ing of muslin delaines or of barege delaines?
xMr. MORRILL,-of Vermont. I am speaking
of the goods which take the place of dress goods
of this description. I had the pleasure to exhibit
to one of the gentleman's constituents a sample
of a certain description of goods, and perhaps it
was the same intelligent gentleman who inspires
the gentleman [Mr. Ward] in his remarks, and
in his amendment on this subject, as the points
made seem a little familiar. He is an eminent
merchant, and an expert in the business. I asked
him to say what such goods really ought to have
been invoiced at. He said that under favorable
circumstances, and in the present depressed state
of business, they might possibly have been in-
voiced at 8 cents per yard. I then put the ques-
tion to him whether, if invoiced at a low rate, it
must not have been a fraudulent invoice, or an
invoice understated. He stated emphatically that
would be the conclusion. The piice at which
they were, in fact, invoiced was but 5| cents—
the difference being much more than the additional
duty we propose. At the present time England
produces much the largest portion of these goods.
Mi*. WARD. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont allow me ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman from Ver-
mont what class of delaines arc manufactured m
this country ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentle-
man from New Yoik will come to my desk I will
show him tin* samples of such as are made here.
They are made of worsted and cotton.
Mr. WARD. I can tell the gentleman the
duties which these goods pay*, but 1 wanted to
ask him the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The whole num-
ber of spindles in England is something like
28,000,000, while in all the rest of the world there
are only 21,000,000.
Mr. WARD. I do not understand the honor-
able gentleman from Vermont to answer my ques-
tion as to what delaines are manufactured in this
country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I have already
stated that.
Mr, WARD. I did not hear the gentleman's
answer.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. They urc de-
laines made of woolen, or worsted and cotton.
Mr. WARD. I asked the eharaeter of the goods
manufactured in tin's country. Wc have cash-
mere delaines, muslin delaines, and barege de-
laines. Now, I wish to know what description
of delaines are manufactured in this country ?
Mr. MORRILL, ot Vermont, { have already
said that no delamus are manufactured in this coun-
try composed of silk tu any extent whatever—
none but the common or cheapest stylos. Now,
sir, I have a sample Ihto, containing silk in it,
which was purchased abroad ut sterling, per
yard, and which, therefore, comes seriously into
competition with the goods manufactured in this
country, 1 do not suppose it is possible, even were
it desirable, to prevent the importation of a huge
amount of these j>oods; but I do desire to keep m
existence the manufactuiing establishments for
this description of goods in this country, while we
may veiy properly at the same time obtain a in lie
more revenue. Therefore I am in favor of fixing
the duty at such a rate as shall prevent the crush-
ing out uf our infant establishmetUs, and certainly
increase the tax upon foreign cupUalistsand foreign
manufacturers. During the last year these goods
have been pressed upon our market from abroad,
almost regardless of price, in consequence of the
market being overstocked at home. Itis well known
that in eertai \ classes of manufacturing establish-
ments, when they have made all they can out of
the majk. t for the siason at fair market pii<*u>?,
they dispo.so of tin- stock still on hand for whatever
* they can sell if for, because if they go over until
the next year they go out of fashion. Such gooda
on hand in large manufacturing establish men tsare,
therefor?, frequently sent to thifi country, to be
sold at auction for what they will bring, and what-
ever they do bring is of less consequence than that
they should be out of the way of disturbing the
profits of their home market.
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
vast amount of woolen and worsted goods which
are manufactured abroad and sent to the United
States. The total amount of woolens exported to
the United States, including flannels, blankets, car-
pets, and worsted goods, in 1859* from England,
was over $4,000,000. In 1860 it was almost
$4,000,000. And in respect to such goodsaboutone
third the trade of England with the whole world is
with this country. Why, sir, we imported in 1859
from England, of mixed stuff's, flannels, blankets,
and carpets, 55,007,009 yards, and 143,089 pieces
of woolen cloths; and in i860 the amountimported
was 59,537,607 yards, and 127;834 pieces. Since
then our disturbed internal affairs have interrupted
all descriptions of foreign trade.
England manufactures not only a very large
amountof wool, but increases it by 45,000,000of
pounds of woolen rags or shoddy, or an amount
nearly equal to the entire clip of wool in the Uni-
ted States; and of such manufactures I suppose
we get rather more than our proportion. It must
also be remembered that at the present time the
English are hardly able to maintain themselves
against the rapidly-rising French, Belgian, and
German competition in woolen cloths. But she
supplies us with cloth and wool, too; our imports
from there being 5,966,667 pounds in 1859, and
9,982,755 pounds in 1861. The tables 1 have show
that, for woolen goods, we furnish one of the
largest markets in the world.
in relation to the general manufactures of the
country, let me say that there is a great error in
supposing the manufactures of the United States
are confined mostly to New England. I ask the
attention of the House to the following table upon
this subject, compiled from the census report:
Value of 2>roducts of industry in the loyal States in the year
endi7i% June 1, 1&60.
Maine  $38,000,000
Now Hampshire   45,000,000
Vermont  16,000,000
MiiSf-nchuM'tw    267,000,000
Rhode !>iand    48.000,000
Connecticut     83,000,000
Toint in Now England 
New Yoik ,$.198,000,000
Pennsylvania   283,000,000
New Jmey  81,000,000
Delaware  10,0i)0,u00
Mur.vland  4:3,975.000
Deduct of Columbia  4,0:25,000
Total iu noddle States 
Ohio 000,000
Indiana  43.000,000
Million  57,000,000
MiHne.m  35,000,000
Wwojwiu  29,000,000
Minnesota  3,610,1)00
Iowa  14,«88,000
Missouri    43,578,000
405,000,000
8-21,600,000
Kentucky 
Kaiwis  
Nebraska.....
i\K'W Mexico.
lrUll 
33,333,000
} ,800,000
578,000
906,000
84G,0i«J
Total in western States   
California  £-19,301,000
Oiegon,  3,1-20,000
Washington Termoiy  1,330,000
390,620,000
53,771,000
 ^1.701.000.000
Total in Pacific State*....
Agsicgate in loval States
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY,
Suye 7 intendent.
Census Office, Februaiy 25, 1S82.
Thus it will be seen that the only New England
States whieh can compare with the western States
in point of manufacture are Massachusetts and
Connecticut. The State of Illinois has more manu-
facturestlmnany New England State, except Mas-
sachusetts and Connecticut. The State of Indiana
has as much nearly as New Hampshire or Rhode
island, and more than Maine or Vermont. The
State of Ohio has a larger amount of manufac-
tures than any other State in New England, save
Massachusetts alone. The State of Kentucky is
also a large manufacturing State.
Mr. WAKD. The honorable gentleman from
Vermont asked me a question in relation to the j
pies'Mit rate of duties on delaines. 1 desire the j
House to understand that the present rate ofduty
is, on gray, 25 percent., and on colored, 30 per cent.
ad valorem. Now, this bili will add to the present
duty some 40 per cent, for the lower grades, and
to the higher grades 20 per cent. 1 submit to the
committee whether these are not too high rates,
and whether the* addition of 10 per cent., which
my amendment proposes, is not adequate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, The gentleman
from New York, in stating the present rates of
duty, I apprehend, refers to the revised tariff, and
not to the law. He will find on reference to the
law itself, that the duty is uniform on all grades
of delaines at 25 per cent, for the gray or uncol-
ored, and 30 per cent, for the colored or printed.
Mr. WARD. 1 think the duly is 25 per cent,
on one description and 30 on the others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Inasmuch as the
gentleman has stated the rate of duty, I desire to
read the law, which will show that he has stated
it incorrectly.
Mr. "WARD. 1 shall be glad to be corrected
if 1 am wrong.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
will find the law in article three, section three, ot
the present tariff, and he will find it as 1 have stated.
Mr. WARD. The honorable member from
Vermont still has not answered the question I put
him as to the descriptions of delaines manufac-
tured in this country, whether all the qualities of
muslin delaines, cashmere delaines, and barege
delaines, or, if not all the descriptions, what de-
scriptions they do not manufacture.
1 desire to say a word upon another point. The
gentleman has referred to the calicoes and prints
manufactured in the East. It reminds me very
forcibly of an article I have just seen clipped from
a western paper, which is as follows:
"We are heie in the Noithwe,-t an agi icultural people,
and if the eastern States persist in their policy of clinching:
the few at the expense ot the nnij^e<., you need not be siir-
puscd if a i evolution is talked of m the NToit Invest seuou&ly.
" Durmu a laige portion of the la->t six months the fai mers
have had to give the value of two bushels ot corn for a jaid
of Fall rrvei calico, or tluce bushels of com [108 pound*]
for I pound of coffee. How long do yon think our people
will remain 1 hewers of wood and diawers ot water.' "
Now, sir, this House can hardly conceive the
injustice which will be effected by these prohib-
itory duties. It does not effect my city particular-
ly, but it effects the whole country, and especially
the West. I submit to this committee whether
it js just, either to the levenue or the people who
are the consumers of these goods, to place the du-
ties at so high a point as is proposed by the Com-
mittee of Way sand Means in this bill, and whether
the modification I have suggested of 10 per cent.,
in addition to the present duty, is not fully ade-
quate, and as high as we are justified in imposing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called tor tellers
on the amendment.
Telieis were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to amend the tenth section
by stnkingoutfrom hue eight to line thirty-seven,
inclusive, as follows:
First, on all manufacture? of cotton, bleached or un-
bleached, not colored, stained, painted, or printed, and not
exceeding one hundred thieads to the t-quaie inch, count-
ing the warp and filling, and exceeding in weight five
ounces to the &quaie j-aid,one i'ouith ol our cent per^quaie
yatd j on fitu'r oi lighter goods of like description, not ex-
ceeding one hundred and ioity threads to the square inch,
counting the waip and filling, one lialf cent per square j.ud ;
on i ootis> of like des-eriplioji, exceeding bundled and
forty threads and not exceeding two hundied tin ends to the
square ineh, counting the waip and filling, three fourths of
one cnt pei square yard , on like {joods,rxeeoding two hun-
dred threads to the vquare inch.counUug the watpami fill-
ing, I cent per square yaul ; on all goods embiaeed m tiie
t'oiegomg schedules, (except jean*, demm?-. ilnHmi!-*, bed-
tidwngs.gingham->, plaid-, cottonados, pantaloon s-tnlf-, and
goods of like de><?l iption, not exceeding in value the s-um
of 18 cents per squaie yaid.) if piinted, painted, eoloied.or
stained, Uieie shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duly of
i cent per squaie \ard,ni addition to the idte-* of duty
provided in the foregoing t-ehedulcs: Piovided, That upon
a!i plain woven goods not included in the loregolng t-ehed-
uh'.v, and upon cotton goods of every dc-cription, the value
of which shall exceed 16 cents per equate \ aid, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of 5 percent, ad va-
lorem: Jind provided further. That no cotton goods? having
more than two hundred thread* to the squate inch, count-
ins: the warp and filling, shall be admitted to a less rate of
duty than is ptovided tor goods which are of that number
of thread. *
And to insert instead thereof as follows:
On all manufaeunes of cotton, whether bleached or un-
reached, punted, painted, coloied. or stained, 'he v.due ot
which shall not cxceed 16 cents the square yard, 5pci cent.
ad valorem.
Now, Mr. Chairman,my object in pressing the
amendment is this: the additional duties imposed
by this section would be equal to only 5 per cent,
on some unbleached cottons, and 30 per cent, on
