1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2981
low priced colored or printed cottons or calicoes,
making the total percentageof duty which printed
or colored cotton fabrics under 16 cents a square
yard would pay, equal to from 80 per cent, on the
lowest grades, down to 50 per cent, on the highest.
The duty on the article of rolled jaconets, which
is largely used in this country by all classes,
chiefly by the laboring class, for linings, and of
which magy thousands of cases are imported and
which are not made in this country, would be from
75 to 80 percent.! This article only is cited, but
therearehundredsof others which would pay from
60 to 80 per cent., and which would be prohibited
by the application of the proposed duties.
The present duty on cottons, bleached or col-
ored, is much too high, but the system of square
yard and ad valorem is so complicated that any ad-
dition of specific duty would be a deception. All
thegoods that are referred to pay now from 25to 50
percent., and all are under 16 cents the square yard.
Now, upon this articlS of rolled jaconets to which
I have before referred, the duty you have here
proposed will be augmented on one class from 46
per cent., the present duty, to 75 per cent., and on
another cost and width from 47 per cent, to 80 per
cent., nearly doubling the duty upon some of these
articles. The following table will show the enor-
mous increase of duties which this bill proposes
on the articles named:
Rates of 'present and proposed duty under section ten.
Article.
Unbleached
sheetings.
Printed cal-
icoes  
Itolled jaco-
nets col'd..
Dyed eam-
bucs 
Ginghams ..
3 7-15d
2 Jrf.
2£rf.
2 3-16d.
3d.
Present duty per
square yard.
2 cents.
[ 2 cents.
| 10 per ct. ad val.
' 2 cents.
; 10 per ct. ad val.
2 cents.
10 per ct. ad val.
2 cents.
10 per ct. ad val.
e
o
£ s
p«
Q, $9
** a
a «
-o o
!«
W
i.|
2 -
ft-
2G
32
35
53
47
75
-10
02
34
58
These prices are derived from invoices of goods
imported, and the statement based on facts.
Goods of the same description are imported at
lower cost, and the percentage of duty imposed
by the bill before the House would be still higher
on those, amounting, as these quoted do, to pro-
hibition. I appeal to gentlemen to consider the
interests which I represent. Our merchants have
come nobly to the support of Government, and arc
entitled to consideration. They are not opposed
to any increase in the tariff for revenue, but de-
sire that such duties will not he levied as would
prove a prohibition. By the amendment I pro-
pose, goods of the kinds mentioned, which now
pay the rates I have given, will be subject to an
additional duty of 5 per cent, on bleached and un-
bleached cottons, and on dyed, colored, stained,
or printed, equal to an ad valorem duty on cotton
fabrics of from 30 per cent, up to 52 and 55 per
cent., quite as much as any manufacture of cotton
should be subject to in order not to expose it to pro-
hibition. Under any circumstances they should
not be subject to such rates as we imposed, and
which vary from 32 per cent, up to 80 per cent ,
the greatest proportion of such as we now import
being subject, by the bill, to rates varying from
60 per cent, up to 80 per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will not
prevail. This section corresponds with the pres-
ent tariff. The amendment as proposed by the
gentleman will make it more complicated by pro-
posing, in addition to a specific duty, an ad va-
lorem. duty on all these goods. The duty which
is proposed by the lull as it stands, if the gentle-
man will look at it, is simply one in proportion to
the value of the articles. It will be remembered
that we have levied a duty of half a cent per pound
on cotton, and an additional tax of 3 per cent, on
cotton when manufactured. 1 very much doubt
whether there will not be some ordinary coaise
cotton goods which can be manufactured in Eng-
land and sent here at a profit, even with additional
duty proposed; and such a fact has been of rare
occurrence for years.
In reference to sarsenets, it is an article exten-
sively used for the lining of dresses, and cost, ac-
cording to the gentleman, sterling abroad,
which would be 5 cents here. They are retailed
from 12g cents to a shilling. All the difference will
be to reduce to some small extent the profits of
the retail dealer.
Now, a word in reference to the general ques-
tion of importation. While I would not propose
any additional duties in time of peace, and they
only grow out of the extreme necessity of the hour
—a necessity for more revenue—yet I would be
willing, and I am willing to avow it, if necessary
to husband our resources in order to support the
Government, to go back to the Jeffersonian doc-
trine, and impose an embargo on foreign goods
entirely, Except such as might be necessary for
the life of the people and the support of the Army
and Navy. In thiscrisisitisimportantweshould
keep all our gold and silver at home. Our own
salvation demands on our part that we should
practice, as a nation and as individuals, the stern-
est economy, and buy nothing we do not want or
can do without; save the money in the country in
that way, if we cannot do it in any other, to carry
us through the most expensive war the world has
yet seen. I would be willing for one, in order to
keep the gold and silver in the country, if it could
not be accomplished in any other way, to prohibit
the importation of all articles except those which
are an extreme necessity to us.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If J understood thegentleman
from Vermont, this tariff is for the purpose of pro-
tection, and not for the purpose of revenue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly not,
as I have already said in relation to this amend-
ment. I only stated what my own private feeling
is. I say, on this particular article, that the duty
to which the gentleman objects will enable us to
raise more revenue, and that it was for that pur-
pose it is proposed to be levied. We do not make
the article, and shall not. At the same time it is
obvious that we are at present in no condition to
indulge in the luxury of large foreign importa-
tions. I will say in reference to the change the
fcntleman proposes, that, so far as I am concerned,
will not further argue it. The bill, however, has
been prepared for the purpose of making addi-
tional revenue,and for the purpose when it is pos-
sible of giving compensation for the internal tax
bill; and therefore I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Vermont has, in the avowal of his individual
opinions, gone to show, I think, very clearly, as
1 have already alleged, that this bill is based upon
the prohibitory principle. In order to show what
effect the tariff of 1861 has had upon the commerce
of the country, and especially upon the commerce
of New York, I propose to give some figures:
>■3 >21
© ~
E o ^
5
ii>
<o to
CO -4
oc <K
"cO ©
<h<3
<"0 "3 <T> "3
►— O <© -.
lO (O (O O
Ci Oi C to
"© ioV-'cc
■J Ci a o
O o o
fO to — Oi
Oi Ji
CD Oi —• CI
to
-"•■iwa
w< -o zz
IV 50 O
S2
2 o
The relative proportions of the foreign trade
of the State of New York, and the other States,
for 1861, exceeds the previous average—
Imports. Exports. Total trade.
Now York State.... 70.73 per ct. 63.61 67.61
All other States  29.27 " 36.39 32.39
100 00 100.00 100.00
Receipts of Customs an
at New York. Ml thc States-
185 9 $38,834,342 $49,565,824
186 0  38,057,481 53,187,511
1831  21,714,981 39,582,125
Mr. MAYNARD. Was it not to the advantage
of the country that importations fell off to that
extent?
Mr. W ARD. I am very willing to concede that
there was, to a certain extent, an advantage gained
by the country in this decrease of imports. I make
this admission, although I am strongly inclined to
free trade, so faras practicable. The benefit which
has been secured is that it has prevented gold from
being taken out of the country. But the point which
I am making is this: that this bill which we have
now under consideration is really a prohibitory
tariff, and that, being a prohibitory tariff, it must
certainly be meant as a measure of protection, and
not as a revenue measure. In order to be satisfied
of its prohibitory character we have only to look to
the increase of duties to 65, 75, and 80 per cent. It
is proposed to raise a duty on gingham from 55 to
65per cent., an article which is used very largely
by the less affluent classes of our people. I think
ail such increase of duties uncalled for and un-
necessary. I have no objection to fixing high duties
on spiccs. If people are willing to submit to such
a high tariff I have no objection. But I really
hope that the bill will be so altered as to take away
the prohibitory character which it now has. 1 do
not believe that it is politic or wise for us at this
time to pass a prohibitoiy taiiff, and I therefore
hope that my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, on page
28, line forty-three, after thc word "all," to in-
sert thc word " cotton;" so that it will read:
'' Fourth. On all cotton jean^, denims, drillings, bedtick-
ings, ginghams, plaids, cottonades, pantaloon btufts, and
goods of like description, not exceeding in value the sum of
16 cents per square yard, 2 cents per square yard."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move, on page 25, line
sixteen, to strikeout "2 cents," and insert "1
cent;" so that it will lead, " on hemp or jute car-
peting, 1 cent per square yard." I have explained
the amendment to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and they are willing that it should be
adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move, on page 29, after line
fifty-nine, to insert the following as an additional
section: •
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted^ That from and after
the day and > ear aforesaid, in lieu of the duties heretofore
imposed by law on all manufactures of bilk not otherwise
pinvided for herein, theie bhrill be levied, collected, and
paid a duty of 33y per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, my object in proposing this new
section to the bill is this: the present law provides
a duty of 30 per cent, where the value is of $1,
and 40 per cent, where it is over $1. The object
of the amendment is to prevent what is of frequent
occurrence in these importations. A large amount
of the silks imported into the United States range
in the vicinity of $1 to $1 10 the square yaid. It
will be seen at once that there is a temptation,
where the silk has a value of any sum near $1, to
take it off and make it under $1 a square yard, thus
saving 10 per cent, in the duty, and equal, as I
understand, to a large profit for importers. My
amendment will prevent all such transactions, be-
cause it makes the duty 33j per cent, on all silks.
In my judgment, it would yield a much greater rev-
enue than is now received by the Government upon
the same article, as fully two thirds of the whole
importation of silks arc ordinal iiy below the value
uf $1 per square yard; it will be readily seen that
the revenue will be materially benefited. The pres-
entamendments do not touch silks of that descrip-
tion and to which this amendment will apply. I
believe my amendment will take away any induce-
ment to reduce the cost in order to profit by the
discrimination the present law makes, and thereby
defrauding the Government, while it will serve to
protect the honest merchant from the acts of his
