1861.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
the unaffected simplicity and integrity of his char-
acter. His life, so far as it was not given to his
country, was devoted to the labors of agriculture.
He was a farmer, and amidst all the temptations
of an eminent public career, he never abandoned
this vocation, which does so much to strengthen
both body and soul. More than merchant, man-
ufacturer, or lawyer, the agriculturist is independ-
ent in his condition. To him the sun and rain
and the ever-varying changes of the seasons are
agents of prosperity. Dependent upon nature he
learns to be independent of men. Such a person,
thus endowed, easily turns away from the behests
of party in order to follow those guiding princi-
ples which are kindred to the laws of nature. Of
such a character our friend was a beautiful ex-
ample.
In him all the private virtues commingled.
Truthful and frank, he was full of gentleness and
generous sympathy. He had risen from humble
fortunes, and his heart throbbed warmly for all
who suffered in any way. Especially was he
aroused against wrong and injustice wherever
they appeared; and then all the softer sentiments
were changed into an indomitable firmness—show-
ing that his was one of those beautiful natures
where—
" the gods had joined
The mildest manners and the bravest mind."
It was this firmness which gave elevation to his
public life. Though companions about him hes-
itated; though great men on whom he had leaned
apostatized, he stood sure and true always for
the right. Such a person was naturally enlisted
against slavery. His virtuous soul recoiled from
this many-headed barbarism, which had entered
into and possessed our national Government.
His political philosophy was simply moral phi-
losophy applied to public affairs. Slavery was
wrong; therefore he was against it—wherever
he could justly reach it—no matter what form it
took—whether of pretension or blandishment.
Whether stalking lordly like Satan, or sitting
squat like a toad; whether cozening like Mephis-
tophcles,or lurkinglikea poodle; whether search-
ing as Asmodeus, even to lifting the roofs of the
whole country, he saw it always, in all its vari-
ous manifestations, as the Spirit of Evil, and was
its constant enemy. And now, among the signs
that freedom has truly triumphed, is the fact that
here, in this Chamber, so long the sanctuary of
slavery, our homage can be freely offered to one
who so fearlessly opposed it.
There was something in our modest friend
which seemed especially adapted to private life.
But had he not been a public man, he would have
been at home, in his own rural neighborhood, one
of those whose influence was positive for human
improvement. He would have been among those
to whose praise Clarkson has testified so authori-
tatively. " I have had occasion," says this phi-
lanthropist, " to know many thousand persons in
the course of my travels, and I can truly say that
the part that they took on this great question—of
the abolition of the slave trade—was always a true
criterion of their moral nature." But he was not
allowed to continue in retirement. His country
had need of him, and he became a member of the
Michigan Legislature, and speaker of its House,
Representative in Congress, Governor, and then
Senator of the United States. This distinguished
career was stamped by the simplicity of his char-
acter. Tiie Roman Cato was not more simple or
detcimined. He came into public life when com-
promise was the order of the day; but he never
yielded to it. He was a member of the Democratic
party, which was the declared tool of slavery; but
lie never allowed slavery to make a tool of him.
All this should now be spoken in his honor. To
omit it on this occasion would be to forget those
titles by which hereafter he will be mostgratefully
remembered.
There were two important questions, while he
was a member of the other House, on which his
name is recorded for freedom. The first was on
the famous proposition introduced by Mr. Wil-
mot, of Pennsylvania, for the prohibition of sla-
very in the Territories. On this question he sep-
arated from his party, and always firmly voted in
the affirmative. Had his voice at that time pre-
vailed, slavery would have been checked, and the
vast conspiracy under which we now sutler would
have received a death blow. The other question
on which his record is so honorable was the fu-
gitive slave bill. There his name will be found
among the noes, in noble fellowship with Pres-
ton King among the living, and Horace Mann
among the dead.
From that time forward his influence was felt
in his own State always for freedom, and when,
at a later day, lie entered the Senate, he became
known instantly as one of our surest and most
faithful Senators, whose determined constancy
was more eloquent for freedom than a speech.
During all recent trials he never for one moment
wavered. With the instincts of an honest states-
man, he saw the situation, and accepted frankly
and bravely the responsibilities of the hour. He
set his face against concession in any degree and
in every form. The time had come when slavery
was to be met, and he was ready. As the rebel-
lion assumed its warlike proportions his percep-
tion of our duties was none the less clear. Sla-
very was, in his mind, the origin and also the
vital part of the rebellion, and therefore it was to
be attacked. Slavery was also the mainspring
of the belligerent power now arrayed against the
Union; therefore, in the name of the Union, it
was to be overturned. While he valued the mil-
itary arm as essential, he saw that without cour-
ageous counsels it would be feeble. The function
of the statesman is higher than that of the gen-
eral; and our departed Senator saw that on the
counsels of Government, even more than on its
armies, rested the great responsibility of bring-
ing this war to a speedy and triumphant close.
Armies will obey orders, hut it is for the Govern-
ment to organize and to inspire victory. All this
he saw plainly; and he longed impatiently for
that voice—herald of union and peace—which,
in behalf of a violated Constitution, and in the
exercise of a just self-defense, should change the
present contest from a bloody folly into a sure
stage of human improvement and an immortal
landmark of civilization.
Such a Senator can be ill spared at this hour.
His simple presence, his cheerful confidence, his
genuine courage, his practical instincts, would
help the great events which are now preparing;
nay, which are at hand. But he still lives in his
example, and speaks even from his tomb. By all
who have shared his counsels here, he will always
be truly remembered; while the State which
trusted him so often in life, and the neighbors who
knew him so well in his daily walks, will cherish
his memory with affectionate pride. If not enough
for glory, he has done too much to be forgotten;
and hereafter, when ourcountry is fully redeemed,
his name will be inscribed in that faithful com-
pany, who, through good report and evil report,
have held fast to the truth:
" By fairy hands their knell is rung;
By forms unseen their dirge is sung;
There Honor comes, a pilgrim gray,
To bless the turf that wraps their clay;
And Freedom shall awhile repair
To dwell a weeping hermit there."
The resolutions were agreed to unanimously;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 10, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Messrs. Yoorhees of Indiana, Whaley of Vir-
ginia, Cooper of Pennsylvania, and Kellogg of
Michigan, appeared in their seats.
EXCUSE FROM SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the House to excuse
me from service upon the committee on a general
bankrupt law. I am a member of two other com-
mittees, one of which has very heavy duties to
perform, and I am also on the commission in ref-
erence to the reduction of salaries. The commit-
tee from service on which I seek to be discharged
is one whose members ought to be able to give
it their whole time and attention, and I therefore
hope the House will excuse me.
The question was taken; and Mr.McKNiGHT was
excused from further service on the committee.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. GURLEY moved that a bill introduced by
him yesterday, to confiscate the property of rebels,
to liberate their slaves, and to employ and colo-
nize the same,.and for other purposes, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP PAPERS.
Mr. DAWES. Certain papers were referred
to the Committee of Elections yesterday in the
Iowa contested-election case of cyington against
Vandever. I move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regu-
lar order of business, to call the committees for
reports.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be requested to re-
port his views as to the proper mode of obtaining a retro-
cession of that part of Virginia formerly belonging to the
District of Columbia.
HOMESTEAD, BILL.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain, and to pro-
vide a bounty for soldiers in lieu of grants of the
public lands; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to state briefly that this
bill is, in the main, the same as that which has
passed Congress at previous sessions. Section
one provides that any person who is the head of a
family, or who has arrived at the age of twenty-
one years, and a citizen of the United States, or
who shall have declared his intentions to become
such, shall be entitled to enter, free of cost, one
hundred and sixty acres of unappropriated public
land which may be subject to preemption at 25
per acre, or eighty acres at $2 50 per acre.
Section two provides that on proof of continued
occupancy for the term of five years, and on pay-
ment of ten dollars, a patent shall issue to the occu-
pant. It also provides that the lands acquired
under the provisions of this act shall, in no event,
become liable for any debt contracted prior to the
issuing of the patent. It also provides that no per-
son shall be permitted to make more than one en try
under this act, and that the office fees shall be paid
by the person making the application, one half
when the application is maac, and the balance
when the patent issues.
These provisions are the same as those of the
bill which passed at the first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress.
The new provisions which have been added
are these: all soldiers, seamen, &c., serving in
the present war shall be entitled to the right of
homestead under this act. In lieu of bounty land
grants, each of the three months' volunteers, offi-
cers, &c., called into service by the President's
proclamation of the 15th April, who served for
the period of three months, or who were killed in
service, or honorably discharged, shall, in addi-
tion to the right of homestead, be entitled to re-
ceive the sum of thirty dollars. By the act of
July 22, 1861, a bounty of $100 is provided for
those who have served six months. It also pro-
vides that the time of detention of those who are
held as prisoners of war shall be reckoned as a
part of their actual service.
I now move that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands and printed, and that
its further consideration be postponed until Wed-
nesday next; and on that I move the previous
question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, so that 1 may, it it be in order,
offer a substitute for his bill—the bill which, ac~
i cordingto him, was improperly reported the other
day by the Committee on Agriculture, without
first consulting the Committee on Public Lands.
It is the bill which has passed the House and has
been discussed before the country, and without
being pledged to which, the Republicans never
could have elected their President. The Repub-
lican party stands before the people pledged to the
enactment of that bill, and I desire to secure a
vote upon it. pure and simple.
Mr. POTTER. I cannot withdraw the pre-
vious question for that purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I hope the demand for
the previous question will not be sustained.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order at this
