1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
G. Phelps, Vike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H.
Kice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Holhns, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaigei, Sherman,
Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, Steven5*, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Valkcuburgb, Wal-
lace, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton. Webster, Whepler,
Whaley, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windoin, Woodruff,
and Worcester—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Calvert,
Corning, Cox, Johnson, Morris, Nugen, Pendleton, Price,
Wiekhfte, and Wright—13.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the cali of the roll,
Mr. NiXON stated that Mr. Stuatton was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. BIDDLE stated that Mr. Norton was
absent in consequence of indisposition.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Wasiiburne,
chairman of the committee on Government con-
tracts, and Mr. Steele, of New York, and Mr.
Fenton, members of thatcommittee, were absent
in INfew York on the business of the committee.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution wasadopte3; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
- The latter motion was agreed to.
The second resolution reported by the Commit-
tee of Elections was then read, and agreed to; as
follows:
Resolved, That John P. Vcrree is entitled to the seat
now occupied by him as Representative in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, from the third congressional district in
Pennsylvania.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. IIOLMAN submitted a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to joint resolution H.R. No. 37 in rela-
tion to certain railroads in the State of Missouri.
The committee recommend that the Senate re-
cede from their amendment to the joint resolution
to strike out the preamble, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows:
Page 2, line four, after the word "roads " strikeout "by
the public enumieh, and in consideration thereof."
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSE FROM S33IIVICE ON" A COMMITTEE.
Mr. COX. I desire to take the present oppor-
tunity to resign my place as a member of the com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad, for the reason that
my time is employed in other matters, and there
are other members who have a more direct inter-
est in that project, and who, I think, could fill the
place with far'more ability and with more satis-
faction to the House and their constituents.
The question was taken; and Mr. Cox was ex-
cused from fuither service on the committee.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. STEVENS, f desire to offer a resolution.
I do not care whether it is considered now or not,
but I wish to get it before the House.
The Clcik read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be authorized and
directed to pav ro John 1VI. Uutler, Joseph Segar, and Jolm
Kline, contestants and elaimantb for '-oats m this House,
whose claims have been adversely decided, mileage and
salary up to the date of *>ueh adverse decisions lespeetivel}'.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. PIKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. r
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent, from
the special committee on the Pacific railroad, le-
ported a bill to aid in constructing a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa- ;
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government the :
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the select committee, and ordered
to be printed.
IMPEACXIMENT OF A JUDGE.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, made a written
report in the matter of the impeachment of West
H. Humphrey, district judge of the United States
courts in the several districts of Tennessee.
The report, with the accompanying testimony,
was ordered to be printed, and was recommitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
SMALL NOTES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CALVERT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to authorize the
issue of small notes in the District of Columbia,
for the purpose of having it referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, objected.
THE PRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accoidingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
IIutchins in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first bill in
order on the Calendar for consideration was a bill
(H. R. No. 92) to regulate the franking privilege.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to take up the Presi-
dent's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no message from
the President in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. It was disposed of in the House
long ago.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought some part of it
remained undisposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill before the com-
mittee is the bill to regulate the franking privi-
lege.
CONDUCT OP THE WAR'—-GENERAL FREMONT.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, it is with feel-
ings of much anxiety that I arise, under the peculiar
circumstances which surround me, to address this
House on the subjects before it.
My purpose is to call the attention of the com-
mittee to some of the matters contained in the
" report in part" of the committee on contracts,
of which the gentleman from York [Mr.
Van Wyck] is chairman, only, however, so far
as they relate to General John C. Fremont, and
then only to a part of those at this time, as I in-
tend, if possible, to take those subjects in detail
when that report and accompanying resolutions
may come before us.
This "report in part" was made on the 17th
day of December, and has been sent from this
House to all parts of the country. Its consider-
ation has been deferred from time to time, until
some ten days ago it passed from its character of
a special order to a special privilege in the hands
of the committee.
The country has had the charges for over two
months, and yet not a word of defense from those
whose characters have been challenged on testi-
mony taken without notice to them. But since
I am compelled to speak in Committee of the
Whole, I shall take the privilege thus offered me
to draw attention to matters of more general im-
portance to the country, as connected with him
of whom I shall sneak to-day, still hoping that
the time may come when the matters named in
the report to which I have referred shall be well
known to the House and the country.
The only subject among the several named by
the committee, touching the administrative char-
acter of General Fremont which they think worthy
to ask special action by the House upon, is in
relation to the purchase by him, as commander
of the western department, for service in his cav-
alry, of five thousand new cast-steel breech-load-
ing Hall's carbines of Simon Stevens, for the sum
of twenty-two dollars apiece. This pattern of
arm was approved years ago, and adopted as a
Government weapon, and I learn that a manufac-
tory for its fabrication was established at Harper's
Ferry, Virginia. A copy of the Army Regulations
of 1835 now before me gives the cost in detail of
this arm for material and manufacture at twenty-
one dollars; they were then smooth-bored. On
the 6th day of June, 1861, General Ripley, chief
of the Ordnance Bureau of this Govern ment, claim-
ing to act under an order from the War Depart-
ment, which very order the committee say his bu-
reau recommended, sold to a Mr. Eastman five
thousand four hundred of these arms for the sum
of $3 50 each—just one sixth their original cost
to the Government. Eastman had proposed to
Ripley, for an average of one dollar apiece, to
chamber and rifle these carbines in the style of
the latest improved arm; but Ripley refused it,
and got the order on the recommendation of his
own department and sold them as above stated.
General Fremont, sorely pressed for arms, having
none for his cavalry, and his entire command in
need of early organization, wholly neglected by
the Government, as I will abundantly prove as I
go along, received by telegraph from Stevens the
following dispatch:
New York, August 5,1861.
I have five thousand Hall's rifled cast-steel carbines,
bieech-loading, new, at twenty-two dollars, Government
standard, 58-100 bore. Can I hear from you ?
SIMON STEVENS.
J. C. Fremont, Major General commanding Department
of the West, Cairo. Illinois.
To which the following is an answer:
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, Jluzust G, 1881.
I will take the whole five thousand carbines. See agent
Adams's Express, and send by express ; not fast freight. I
will pay all extra charges. Send also ammunition. Devote
yourself solely to that business to-day.
J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
Simon Stevens, New York.
This is a contract, and if honorably made by
the Government's agent, it cannot now afford to
violate it; but in this case I only desire to lay the
fault and blame where they belong, for I agree
with the committee that there has been a most
damnable fraud committed against the Govern-
ment; but I now insist, and will go on to prove
that General Ripley is the man who has by his
most unaccountable liberality with her much-
needed arms wronged the Government out of
them for a nominal sum. The law provides as
found on page 292, United States Military Laws,
approved March 3, 1825, as follows:
"That the President of the United States be, and he is
heieby, autbonzed to causu to be bold any ordnance, arms,
ammunition, or or her nuhtaiy stores or subsistence, or med-
ical supplies which, upon proper inspection or survey,
shall appear to be damaged, or otherwise unsuitable for the
public service, whenever, in his opinion, the sale of such
unserviceable stores wiil be advantageous to the public
service."
It becomes a question whether the President has,
in the pressing need for arms during a war like
the one now upon us, ordered to be sold arms
which General Ripley himself, in a letter to Mr.-
Eastman under date of June 20, informing him
where to get the carbines which were at arsenals
on Governor's Island, New York, and Frankfort,
Philadelphia, saying that Eastman was to have
"all of the Hall's carbines of every description
(serviceable and unserviceable) on hand at the rate
of $3 50 each." I do not believe that the Presi-
dent did give such order; if he did, it was on the
recommendation of the department contracting
them; and I am well convinced that the President
did not order serviceable carbines at that time to be
sold at that price.
The Army P>.eguIationsunderdatc of August 10,
1861, give the price of Hall's carbines at $17, as
the cost of material and manufacture, which is
§4 less than in 1835, owing to the improvement in
machinery. The carbine will shootaswell now as
then, when made in the same way; but in looking
over the list of prices of small arms manufactured
by the Government, as found on pages 394 and
395, Army Regulations, August 10,1861, they are
as follows: Musket, $13; rifle, $13 25; Hall's car-
bines, $17; artillery musketoon, $10 37; cavalry
musketoon,$11; sapper's musketoon, $10 62; pis-
tol,'$7. But some of those same carbines were
purchased here by those who sold them for $15.
Before Fremont purchased those five thousand
they were all chambered and rilled, making them
a superior cavalry piece; and they are now in ser-
vice by Halleck's cavalry, having been aimed by
Fremont when he commanded.
Now, this committee ask this House to recom-
mend the Treasury to only pay $12 50 for those
purchased by Fremont, when the Army Regula-
