40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
A message from the Senate, by John W.For-
ney, Esq., its Secretary, announced the adoption
by the Senate of the following concurrent reso-
lution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concui ring,) That a joint committee of three members of
the Senate, arid four members of the House of Representa-
tives, be appointed to inquire into the conduct ot the pres-
ent war, that they have power to send for persons and
papers, and to sit during tbe sessions of either House of
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
moved that the House concur in the resolution,
and demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and being put,the resolu-
tion was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL AGAIN.
The question recurred on Mr. Potter's de-
mand for the previous question on the homestead
bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to say that
the bill reported from the Committee on rubiic
Lands is precisely the same as the one referred
to by thegentleman fromlllinois,[Mr.Lovejoy,]
up to the sixth section.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and being put, the motion
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until Wednesday next was agreed to.
BALTIMORE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the memorial of Charles Howard, William H.
Gatchell, and John W. Davis, police commis-
sioners of tbe city of Baltimore, to report back
the same, with a recommendation that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it in order to move a
recommitment of that reoort?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr.PENDLETON. Mr, Speaker,asa mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, I felt myself
obliged to examine very carofully the questions
which arise on that memorial. I have formed a very
decided opinion as to all of them, and as to the
proper course to be pursued by this House in re-
gard to them. It is a subject involving the personal
liberties of the citizen and their constitutional
guarantees. There is, therefore, since I disagree
entirely to the report of the committee, no choice
left to me in the performance of what I understand
to be my duty as a Representative and as a mem-
ber of that committee, but to make every effort in
my power to induce the House to give what I
think is a proper response to a respectful petition.
I move to recommit this report to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with instructions to report
a resolution which 1 send to the Chair, and on
which I shall ask the attention of the House for
a few moments.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Congress alone has the powei, under
the Constitution of the United States, to suspend the pi ivi-
lege oi the \\ ritof habeas corpus; that the exei eise of that
power bv anv other department ot the Government is a
usurpation, and therefore dangerous to the liberties of the
people; that it N the duty of the President to deliver ChaiJcs
Howaid, William fl. Catcheil, and John W. Davis to the
custody o< the mai-dMl of the pioper district, if they are
charged with any offence against "the l.nv* of the United
Slates, to the end that they may be indicted, and '"enjoy
the right ot a speedy and public trial by an impartial jiny
ot the State and district wheiein the crime " is alleged to
have been committed.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to detain the House for a short time in the dis-
cussion of this resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I thought the Chair was
calling committees for repoits.
The SPEAKER. Yes; this is a report made
from the Judiciary Committee, and is before the
House.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no disposition to
consume tiie time of the House this morning; but
I desire to address the House on this subject,
either now or at another time.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the leave of my col-
league, I will suggest that this matter be postponed
till a day certain, and made a special order, so
that my colleague can be heard, if he desires.
Mr. PENDLETON. It will be agreeable to
me either to go on to-day with what I have to
say, or at any other early day—to-morrow or next
day—as may suit the convenience of the House.
I have no disposition to intrude on it at any in-
convenient hour. [Cries of "Go on now! ]
Mr. BINGHAM. There is a special order
assigned for the day after to-morrow.
Mr. PENDLETON. It seems to be the will
of gentlemen around me that I should go on now.
Mr. BINGHAM. "Very well.
Mr. PENDLETON. These memorialists are
members of the board of police of the city of Bal-
timore. They were selected by the Legislature
of the State of Maryland to carry out the pro-
visions of a law which had then just been enacted.
By those provisions, the whole police power of
the State, within the limits of that city, is in-
trusted to the board. No police force can law-
fully exist in Baltimore, unless by its appoint-
ment, and subject to its control. The officers and
men of the force, when appointed, have no inde-
pendent authority by virtue of their office; they
are only employed, by the very terms of the stat-
ute, to enable the board to discharge its duties.
Heavy penalties are denounced against any per-
sons who shall forcibly obstruct the execution of
any of the provisions of the law, or who shall
interfere with the performance of the duties of the
commissioners; and it is made part of that duty
to see that such penalties are rigidly enforced.
The commissioners cannot delegate their powers,
nor devolve upon any other persons their duties,
nor avoid their responsibilities, nor can they per-
mit their powers to be usurped, and their duties
to be performed hy any other agency, without a
palpable infraction of the law.
Before entering upon the duties of their office,
the members of the board were sworn faithfully
to carry outtheprovisions and policy of the law.
They were in the full and successful execution
of their duties on the 27th day of June last. The
peace of the city of Baltimore was then unbroken.
The courts of the United States were in full oper-
ation. The judges, district attorney, and mai-
shal were performing then-accustomed functions.
The process of the courts had been obstructed in
but one memorable instance, and then by the
order of the President.
On that day General Banks issued the follow-
ing
Proclamation to the People of the City of Baltimore.
Headquarters Department of Annapolis,
June 27, 1861.
By virtue of authority vested in me, and in obedience to
ordeis. as commanding general of the nnhraiy department
of Annapolis, I have at rested, and do now detain in cus-
tody, Mr. George P. Kane, chief ot police of the city of Bal-
timoie 1 deem it pioper at this the moment of arre«t to
make lonnal and public decimation of the motive by which
I have been governed in this proceeding.
it is not my puipohc, neithei is it m consonance with my
instiuctions, to mrerfeio m any maimer with the legitimate
government of the people of Baltimore or Maryland. I
desire to suppoit the public authonties in all appiopriate
duties; in pie-eiving peace, protecting property and the
lights of petsons m obeying and upholding eveiy munici-
pal regulation and statute, consistent with the laws of the
United Sute> and ot M.u) land.
But unlawful combinations of men, organized for resist-
ance to Mich laws, that provide hidden deposits of arms
and ammunition, encourage contiaband tiafne with men at
war with the Government, and while enjoying its piotcc-
tion and pnvih-ges, stcaltlnlj wait opportunity to combine
their means and Ibices with tho>e in icb<illion against its
authority, are not among the recognized or legal rights ot
any ehw* of men, and cannot be pei muted under any form
of government whatever. Such combinations are well
known to exist in this department.
The ma^sot citizcn^of Baltimore and of Maryland, loyal
to the Constitution and the Union, are neither pnitie  to
nor responsible lor them. But the chief of police is not
only believed to be cognizant of these facts hut, in con-
travention of his duty, and in violation of law, he is, by
duection or indirection, both witness and protector to the
Uarisactions and the parties engaged therein. Under such
circumstances, the Government cannot icgard iilm other-
wise than at the head of an armed force, hostile to its au-
thouty, and acting in concert with its avowed enemies.
For ihis iea«on, superseding his official authority and .
that of the commissioners of police, I have arrested and '
now do detain him in custody of the Unifpd States; and in I
lurther pursuance of my instructions, 1 have appointed ior i
the time being, Colonel Keniy, of the first regiment of Ma- '
lyland volunteer, provost marshal, m and foi the city of '
Baltimoi e, u to «upetintend and cau«e to be e\eeuted the
police laws provided by the Legislature oi Mars land   with
the aid and a^tam-e of the suboidmate officers of the
police department. And he will be respected accord'iHy
Whenever a loyal citizen shall be otherwise named for
the performance of this duty, who will execute these laws
impartially and in good faith to theGovernmentof the Uni-
ted States, the military force of this department will render
to lum that instant and willing obedience which is due from
every good citizen to his Government.
NATH. P. BANKS,
Major General commanding Department of -Annapolis.
And, on the same day, the board of police
adopted the following preamble and resolutions:
Preamble and Resolutions adopted by the Board of Police
on June '27tk.
Whereas the laws of the State of Maryland give the
whole and exclusive control of the police (orce of the city
to the board of police, organized and appointed by the Gen-
eral Assembly ; and not only are the said boaid bound to
exercise the powers In.and todischaigo thedutiesimposed
upon them, but all other persons are positively prohibited,
under heavy penalties, from interfering with them in so
doing; and wheieas there is no power given to the board
to tiansfer the contiol over any portion of the police foice
to any person or persons whomsoevei, other than the offi-
cers of police appointed by them, in pur.-uance of the ex-
press provisions of tne law, and acting undei theii orders ;
and whereas, by the orders of Major General Banks, an
officer of the United Stales Army, commanding in this city,
the marshal of police ha.? been arrested, tbe board of police
superseded, and an officer of the Aiiny, has been appointed
provost marshal, and directed to assume the command and
control of the police foice of this citv : Therefore,
Be it resolved, That this board do solemnly protest against
the orders and proceedings, above referred to, of Major
Geneial Banks as an aibitiary exercise of military power,
not warranted by any piovision of the Constitution or laws
of the United States, or of the State of Maryland, but in
derogation of all of them.
Resolred, That whilst the board, yielding to the force of
circumstances, will do nothing to increase the present ex-
citement, or obstruct the execution of such measuies as
Major General Banks may deem proper to take on his own
responsibility for the piescrvation of the peace of the city
and of public order, they cannot, consistently with their
views of official duty and of the obligations of their oaths
of office, recognize the right of any ot the officers and men
of the police force, as such, to iceeive orders or directions
from any other authority than from this board.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the boaul, the forcible
suspension of their functions suspends at the same time the
active operation of the police law, and puts the officers and
men off duty foi the piesrnt, leaving them subject, how-
ever, to the rules and icgulations of the service as to their
personal conduct and dcpoitmcnt,and to the oiders which
this board may  ee fit hereaftei to issue when the present
illegal suspension of their functions shall be lernoved.
CHARLES HOWARD, Piesident,
WILLIAM II. GATCHELL,
CHARLES 1). HINKS,
JOHN W. DAVIS,
GEORGE WILLIAM BROWN7, Mayor,
awl e.r-ojftrio member of the Board.
In accordance with these resolutions, the board
ceased to exercise any control over the police of
the city, or in any wise to interfere with the pro-
ceedings of the provost marshal designated by
General Banks. On the 1st day of July, just
after midnight, these memorialists were arrested,
each at his own house, by a regiment of soldiers,
and soon afterwards General Banks issued the
following proclamation:
To the Public.
Headquarters Department of Annapolis,
Fort McHenry, July I.
In pursuance of ordeis issued from The headquaiters of
the Aimy at Washington, for the preservation of the public
peace m this depaitment, 1 have arrested, and do now de-
tain m custody of the United States, the late member? of
the board of police—Messrs. Charles Howaid, William II.
Gatchell, Charles D. Hinks, and John VV. Davis. The in-
cidents of the pa-*t week afforded full justification lor this
outer. The he;tdquarteis, under the charge of the board,
w hen abandoned by the officers, resembled in some i ejects
a concealed arsenal. After public lecogmtion and piote.st
against the 'k suspension ot then function's,"' they continued
their sessions daily. Upon a forced and unwanantable
construction of my proclamation of the 27th ultimo, tiiev
declared that the police law was suspended,and the police
officers and men put off duty for the present, intending to
leave the city without anv police piotection whatever.
They refused to recognize the officer* or men neces-anly
selected by the piovost maishal for its protection, and hold
subject to their orders, now and hereafter, the old police
force, a laige body of aimed men, jor some puipose. not
known to the Government, and mc'onM-tent with its peace
or seem ity. To anticipate any intentions or orders on their
part, T have placed tempurauly a portion of the force under
my command within Uie city. I disclaim, on the pait of
the Government I represent, all dexiie, intention, and pur-
pose to interfere, m any manner whatever, with the o:di-
naiy municipal affairs of the city of Baltimore. Whenever
a loyal citizen can be named who will execute its police
laws-with impartiality and in good faith to the United Mates,
the mihtaiy force will be withdrawn fmm the retinal parts
or the municipality at once. No soldier will In- peimitted
in the city, except under regulations ^atisfacioiy to the
marshal; and if any so admitted violate the municipal law,
they shall be punished accoidmg to the civil law, bj the
civil tribunals, NATHANIEL i\ BANKS,
Major General Commanding.
I will not pause to comment at lar^e on these
resolutions. Tht; opinion of General liunks at the
tune, or of this House now, as to then pionrioty
is entirely immaterial to this issue. Lest 1 may
