1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
be misunderstood,however, I will say that, in my
judgment, they are eminently wise and dignified
and proper; they afforded the only means by
which the members of the board could justify
themselves, in the present and the future, for a
failure to perform the duties enjoined upon them
by their State, and yet avoid a conflict with the
Federal authority.
It is worthy of remark that in the proclama-
tion of the 27th of June, announcing the suspen-
sion of the functions of the board, no reason what-
soever is given for the act; no neglect of duty on
their partis alleged; no disorder in the city; no ap-
prehended tumult; no act of disloyalty; no act of
hostility to the Federal Government, or to the main-
tenance of its authority. It is also worthy of re-
mark that the dail y sessions of the board, assigned
in the proclamation of the 1st of July as one of
the reasons for the arrest, if held as alleged, could
only have been three; for only so many days
elapsed between the 27th of June and the 1st
July; and that the " concealed arsenal "contained
only part of such arms as had for years belonged
to the police of the city of Baltimore.
The commissioners were detained at Fort Mc-
Henry. They requested to be informed of the
charges against them. Theirrequestwasrefused.
The privilege of habeas corpus was declared to be
suspended, and a legal examination before a civil
magistrate was denied them. They were helpless;
they were held by the strong arm of military
power, and were deprived of every safeguard of
personal liberty, which had been assured to every
citizen. They appealed to Congress, and, in the
memorial submitted, pray " that their case be in-
vestigated by Congress or remitted to the tribunals
of justice to be lawfully heard and determined."
On the 24th of July, the House of Representa-
tives passed a resolution requesting the President
to communicate " the grounds, reasons, and evi-
dence" for the arrest; and on the 27th, the Pres-
ident declined to comply with the request, alleg-
ing that " it was judged to be incompatible with
the public interest to furnish that information."
On the same day, before this response was sent
to the House, while this petition for redress of
grievances was yet under consideration, these
memorialists were transferredfromFortMcHenry
to Fort La Fayette in the harbor of .New York.
In the mean time, a grand jury in the circuit
court for the district of Maryland had been in ses-
sion, and had adjourned. The Government had
failed to submit the case, or the jury had ignored
the bill. •
The Constitution of the United States provides
that
"The light of the people to be secure in their p^r^ons,
houses, papers, and effects against unieasonable searches
and setzuies sliall not be violated; and no wanant shall
is>siie but upon probable cause, supported byoalh or affirm-
ation."'—Jtrficlc 4, Amendments.
"No person shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamou-. eumc unless on a presentment or indictment
of a grand juiy,*' * * * " nor be deprived of
iite, liberty, or property without due process of law."—
JirlUlc 5, Amendments.
" [n all criminal prosecutions, the accused &hall enjoy
the right to a speedy and puhhc trial by an impartial jury
of the State or distuct wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously as-
certained by law. and to be informed of the nature and cause
of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses
against him ; to have compulsory process foi obtaining wit-
nesses m his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel
for his defense.'*—Jlrticlc 6, .Amendments.
These memorialists have been seized without
" a warrant;'' they are held without "an indict-
ment;" they are deprived of their " liberty with-
out due process of law;" they are denied " a
speedy trial;" they are not informed of the " na-
ture and cause of the accusation;" they are not
" confronted with the witnesses" against them.
They appeal to Congress to secure to them the
benefit of these constitutional provisions; and my
worthy colleagues on the Judiciary Committee
can find no more appropriate answer to their prayer
than that it shall he unanswered on your table.
What do they ask? Of what do they complain ?
They ask that they may have " a speedy trial;"
that they may be acquitted or condemned. They
complain that they are arbitrarily held by the mil-
itary power, and denied an opportunity^) answer
any charge which may be brought against them.
They do not ask an acquittal; thejr do not sue for 1
pardon; they ask no relaxation ot the strictness
of the law. On the contrary, they invoke the
law; they ask the application of all its rigid rules;
they invite the closest scrutiny. They have de-
manded thus much at the hands of their captor.
He has refused it; and now they demand the same
at the hands of Congress. The writ of habeas
corpus was invented to meet the exigencies of ex-
actly such a case. It commands the person who
holds the custody of another to bring him before
the judge, in order that the cause of his detention
may be inquired into—that he may be remanded
to custody, if he be legally held; that he may be
discharged if he is detained without authority of
law. The right to invoke its aid is secured to
every criminal in the land, and has never been
invaded by the constituted authorities until now.
These memorialists would have availed themselves
of it to ascertain the accusation against them, and
to force a " speedy trial;" but the" President has
declared that he has authorized the military officer
to suspend their right to the writ, and to hold
them prisoners at his pleasure.
It is fortunate for these memorialists, in the
assertion of their personal rights—fortunate for
the cause of the true interpretation of the Con-
stitution—that there is no charge, no intimation,
that they have been guilty of any offense known
to the laws of the land; for, notwithstanding the
experience of eighty years, we are prone to for-
get that the integrity of the Constitution, the so-
lution of the problem of the compatibility of social
order with individual security, demand that the
constitutional guarantees of personal liberty
should be as faithfully kept, as rigidly enforced,
as perfectly administered, m the case of the mean-
est criminal as of the purest patriot.
The President of the United States, in his mes-
sage at the commencement of the extra session,
announces his action and his reason for it in the
following language:
" Soon after the first call for militia, it was considered a
duty to authorize the commanding general in proper cases,
according to his disci etion, to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus, oi, in other words, to arrest and de-
tain, without le-sort to the ordinary piocesses and foims of
law, such individuals as he might deem dangerous to the
publicsalety. This authority has been purposely exercised
but very spaungly. Nevertheless, the legality and pro-
priety of what has been done under it are questioned, and
the attention of the country has been called to the propo-
sition, that one who is sworn ' to take cat e that the laws
be faithfully executed' should nut himself violate them.
Of course some consideration was given to the question of
powerand propriety, before this matter was acted upon.
The whole of the laws which were leqmred to be faithfully
executed, w^fe being resisted and failing of execution in
nearly one thud of the States. Mun they be allowed to
finally fail of execution, even had it been perfectly clear
that by the use of means necessaiy to then execution, some
single law, made m =nch extreme tenderness of the citizen's
liberty, that practically it relieves moie of the guilty than
of the innocent, should, to a very limited extent, be vio-
lated ? To state the question more directly, are all the laws
but one to go unexecuted, and the Government itself go to
pieces lest that one be violated? Even in such a case,
would not the official oath be bioken if the Government
should be overthrown, when it was behevpd that di-^io-
gardmg the single law would tend to preserve it? But it
was not believed that this question was presented. It was
not believed that any law was violated.
"The piovision of the Constitution, that the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless
when, in cases of lebfllion or invasion, the public safety
may leqmre it, is equivalent to a provision—is a provision—
that such privilege may be suspended when, in cases of re-
bellion oi invasion, the public safety does require it. It was
decided that we have a ca^e of lcbcllion, and that the pub
lie safety does require the qualified suspension of the puv-
iiege of the writ, which was authorized to be made. Now
it is insisted that Congiess, and not the Executive, is vested
with that power. But the Constitution itself is silent as to
which or who is to exercise the power; and as the provis-
ion was plamh made for a dangerous emetgency, it can-
not be believed the ftamer* of the instrument intended that
m every case the danger should mn its course until Con-
gress could be called together; the very assembling of which
might be prevented, as was intended in this case, by the
rebellion.'-'
In response to a call from this House, on the
12th day of July, 1861, the President sent copies
of three different orders, giving authority to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus. One is in form a
proclamation, and relates to the suspension within
the islands of Key West, the Tortugas, and Santa
Rosa, and directs—
'•The commander of the forces of the United States on
the Flonda coast to pemut no person to exercise any office
or authoiitj which mav be inconsistent with the laws and
Constitution ot the United £iale-.; authorizing him at the
same lime, if he shall find it iiece&sarv, to suspend theje
the writ of Juibeca> corpus and to icmovo from the VjOinity
of the United States torttesses all dangeious or suspected
peisons.*'
Two others,dated, respectively, April 27,1361,
and July 2,1861, are simply " orders" addressed
" to the Commanding General of the Army of the
United States," in these words:
" If at any point on or in the vicinity of any military line,
whichis now or which shall be used, between the city of
New York and the city of Washington, you find resistance,
which renders it necessary to suspend the wiit of habeas
c(^Ptls f°r public safety, you personally, or through the
officer in command at the point where resistance occurs,
are authorized to suspend that writ."
They seem to have been secret orders,
never to have been made public before.
It is a popular error that the necessary effect of
a hearing on a writ of habeas corpus is to interfere
with a legal imprisonment. It is not so. The only-
effect is to ascertain whether the imprisonment is
legal; to ascertain whether it is by competent au-
thority on a charge of crime. If it is, the prisoner
is returned to the custody of the officer who held
him; if it is not, he is discharged. This law, we
are told by the President, was made in too t% ex-
treme tenderness of the citizen 5s liberty," and was
therefore suspended. The effect of the suspension
is to prevent that inquiry into the legality of the
imprisonment. The object of the suspension is
to enable those who happen to have power, to im-
prison the citizen who has been guilty of no offense,
and to subject him to jus* such rigor of confine-
ment as their discretion, not the law of the land,
may prescribe.
The President claims distinctly the authority to
arrest and detain, without resort to the ordinary
forms and processes of law, all persons, not in the
land and naval forces, not prisoners of war, nor
engaged in military enterprises, whom he or his
commanding general might "deem dangerous to
the public safety;" and he claims this authority,
first, under the Constitution, and, secondly, not-
withstanding the Constitution, " when it is be-
lieved that disregarding the single law would tend
to preserve" the Government.
Pint. Under the Constitution.—The Presi-
dent admits the authority is not expressly granted
him by the Constitution; and, if granted him at
all, it is only by inference, and this derived chiefly
from the supposed inconvenience of lodging the
authority in Congress.
The only clause in the Constitution relating to
this subject is found in the second clause of the
ninth section of the first article. It is in these
words:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unless, when in cases of rebellion or invasion,
the public safety may require it."
This certainly is a provision, as the President
well maintains, that, in cases of rebellion or in-
vasion, when the public safety shall require it,
the privilege of the writ may be suspended. Who
shall exercise this power of suspension ?
The context of the Constitution, the history of
English jurisprudence, the uniform construction
of the provision, from the hour of its adoption
until the older of President Lincoln to his mili-
tary officers on the 27th day of April, 1861, de-
cisively, authoritatively answer this question.
1. The first article of the Constitution exclu-
sively relates to the organization, the powers, and
duties of Congress. There is but one single ex-
ception to this statement, and that is foundin the
first clause of the tenth section, where a limita-
tion is imposed upon the powers of the States.
The first, second, and third sections relate to the
organization of the two Houses; the fourth sec-
tion relates to " the times, places, and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representa-
tives;" the fifth and sixth sections confer certain
powers on the separate Houses, and grant privi-
leges and impose disabilities upon the members;
the seventh section defines the various steps in the
passage of a bill; the eighth section declares the
powers of Congress; the ninth section declares
the powers which Congress shall not have; the
tenth section, with the single exception alluded
to, restricts the powers of the States, "without
the consent of Congress."
Tiic eighth section commences with the words
"Congress shall have power to," and defines
through eighteen clauses the several grants.
The ninth section, throughout eight clauses,
limits the powers already granted, or declares
, absolute unqualified restriction upon new subjects,
! and might well have commenced with the words
" Congress shall have no power to," without af-
fecting the sense, or impairing the vigor in any
degree.
