1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2983
I will say to my friend from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] that when we come to the subject that he
adverted to—the preparation of rope for the hang-
ing of traitors—I will, at the end of the confisca-
tion bill, or to any other bill which he may indi-
cate as being the proper one for the purpose, offer
a proviso that all the rope used in hanging traitors,
whether secessionists or abolitionists, shall be
made of hemp raised and manufactured in Amer-
ica. 1 will give them the benefit of that proviso.
If they prefer to be hung by rope made of Amer-
ican hemp, I am disposed to gratify them in that
sort of taste.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I desire to say, in reply to
the observation which just fell from the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that there is not an aboli-
tionist in the country that is a traitor—not one.
Mr. WALL. The gentleman from Kentucky
is mistaken in supposing that I said I had bought
good Kentucky or Missouri hemp for $50 a ton.
My statement was that I had bought, or that my
sons had bought, rough hemp to make bale rope
of,forfifty,sixty, seventy, up to ahundred dollars
a ton. What I meant was, that $80 or $90 a ton
was a good price for it, and I have bought thou-
sands of tons. NoV, when Russia hemp sells for
$230 a ton, that is large protection. I will go as
far as the gentleman from Kentucky in providing
for the exclusive use of American hemp, and pro-
tecting every branch of American industry, but
we cannot get a sufficient supply of the American
article like the sample which the gentleman has
exhibited. That is an excellent article, and would
be worth $220 a ton. It has been dressed by some
ropemaker who knew how to handle hemp. I
have dressed American hemp that was not worth
60 cents a ton, at the time of the war of 1812-14.
I was but a boy then, but I knew it.
I agree with the gentleman that the staple is as
good as any Russia hemp that grows, but they
do not—they can do it, but they do not prepare
it—they do not furnish enough of the finer article
to supply the market.
Mr. MALLORY. I subscribe, to some ex-
tent, to the truth of the remarks of the gentleman
from New York; but I will tell him that the time
was when Pennsylvania, having the largest sup-
ply of iron ore that is to be found, perhaps, in the
world, in the same compass, did not prepare an
article of iron half as good as that prepared in
England; but we instituted a system of protection
and encouraged them to open their mines and to
erect furnaces, and they have, under that encour-
agement, produced an article equal to any pro-
duced now on the face of the globe. All 1 ask of
the gentleman from New York, and of others, is
that, as they know a staple can be produced by
our farmers equal to any raised anywhere, they
will afford us the encouragement I now ask for
the preparation of this hemp, that we may make
it equal and superior to any brought from Russia
op any foreign country. We will then have, in
all contingencies, under all circumstances, and at
all times, when war comes, which interrupts our
intercourse with foreign nations,a material which
will enable us to supply the wants of our Navy.
I hope there is not a gentleman on this floorwho
will not join with me in the expression of the
wish that we may put ourselves in a position in
which we may,'in case of a foreign war, be en-
tirely independent of foreign nations.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, while I am
willing now to vote for protection to hemp, as I
have done before now, I desire to say that there
is a very great difference between laying an ad-
ditional duty on hemp and compelling our Navy
to use American hemp, whether it be good or bad.
There is a very great difference between the two
propositions. I am willing to assist the gentleman
from Kentucky in protecting hemp. I believe it
is pretty well protected now. But I rose to ask
that the committee rise for the purpose of closing
debate, in order that we may get through this bill
to-day.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to remark to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he ought to
recollect that when we chartered the Pacific Rail-
road Company, we had not the same regard which
he seems now to have to the exigencies to which
he alludes, as we absolutely and peremptorily re-
quired that company to lay down its rails com-
posed of American iron, and no other kind. He
did not then stop to inquire whether a sufficient
supply could be obtained in America. He took
for granted it could be, just as I take for granted
that a sufficient supply of hemp can be obtained.
He proceeded on that postulate as I wish to pro-
ceed on this postulate now. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has expressed his readiness to con-
cur with me in my efforts to get this article of hemp
protected. Now, without trespassing upon the
patience of the committee, I simply wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
he will so aid me, as he has indirectly promised
to do, for I know his influence is powerfulon that
ide of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I understand debate is exhausted on this amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not closed.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Illinois
has not paid attention to the proceedings.
Mr. MALLORY. I now ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he will aid me in an
effort to get the duty upon hemp increased in every
instance where I think it needs that increase to fur-
nish us with the protection we desire, and which
I think we ought to have for that article?
Mr. STEVENS. I have always gone with the
gentleman from Kentucky to protect hemp,an ar-
ticle which I think ought to De protected. I will
go with him again in all reasonable efforts to that
end. In answer to what he said in reference to
American iron, I desire to say that if anybody
had doubted that American iron was as good as
any other for the purpose, I should not have asked
it to be used. There is some doubt—I cannot al-
together settle that—in the mind of the Depart-
ment as to whether American hemp, as now pre-
pared, is safe to use in our Navy 
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman's doubt was
as to the quantity, not as to the quality.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it is the duty of the
Department to use American hemp, instead of go-
ing abroad for it, if it can do so properly. I hope
it will do so. I should vote a censure upon it if
it did not. Hemp is an article which ought to be
protected, and I hope it will be. I now renew my
motion that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Wash^jrne
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Dawes reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the special order, being House bill
No. 531, increasing temporarily the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the Com
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of the special order,
all further debate on the bill be closed in five min-
utes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 531) in-
creasing temporarily the duties on imports, and
for other purposes, oil which general debate was
closed in five minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
by adding the following proviso:
ProviderI further, The same can be obtained of as good
quality and at as low a price.
I think there is much force in the suggestion of
the gentleman from Kentucky, and that we ought
to adopt his amendment if it be consistent with the
exigencies of the public service at this time. Such
an amendment as I propose to it will obviate all
the difficulties suggested by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wall] and others. If we can
obtain the American commodity of equal quality,
and equally suitable to the service, and at as low
a price, we certainly ought to give it the prefer-
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw that portion of the proviso relating
to price, I will accept the rest of it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I prefer my amend-
ment as I offered it. I think that when the same
j commodity grown at home is offered to the Gov-
ernment, equally good and at as low a price as
that produced abroad, the Government should
always give the preference to the American prod-
uct.. But I am not in favor, particularly at this
time, of adding anything for the mere purpose of
protection to the expenditures of the Government.
The question was taken on Mr. Shellabar-
ger's amendment to the amendment, and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Mallort's
amendment as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend,
at line eighteen, page 31, by striking out " thirty-
five," and inserting in lieu thereof " forty," so
that it will read:
On China and porcelain ware, plain white, and not dec-
orated in any manner, and all other earthen, stone, or crock-
ery ware, white, glazed, edged, printed, dipped, or cream-
colored, composed of earthy or mineral substances, and not
otherwise provided for, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The duty will then he the same as is provided
in the preceding lines for decorated ware.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that that
amendment will not be adopted. This is an ar-
ticle from which we can, of course, receive in-
creased revenue by increasing the rates of duties.
Very little of it is produced in this country. We
have raised the duty on all descriptions 10 per
cent., whether China or common ware. I trust
the paragraph will be allowed to remain as it is.
It makes no distinction between ordinary ware,
China ware, and common or queensware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALTON. I move to amend by insert-
ing, between the nineteenth and twentieth lines,
the following:
Slates, roofing slates, slate pencils., slate chimney-pieces,
mantels, slabs for tables, and all other manufactures of
slates, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment proposes to
raise the duty on these articles from 30 to 40 per
per cent. The words " chimney pieces, mantels,
slabs for tables, and all other manufactures of
slates," in this paragraph include descriptions
which are as much articles of fancy or luxury as
arc China and porcelain ware, when gilded or dec-
orated in any manner. I propose to put precisely
the same tax on these articles as is put oil China '
ware of this character.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to the other
articles of manufacture which are not articles of
luxury, it strikes me that any person who would
go to Wales, to Europe, or anywhere else than our
own country, for them—when an abundance can
be procured from our mountains—will be as likely
to go there and get them, paying 40 percent, duty
as lie would with 30 per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to call
my colleague's attention to the fact that this bill,
on page 38, raises the duty on all these articles
5 per cent. I, however, have no remark to make
upon the amendment. I am willing that the House
should decide it.
Mr. WALTON. I have already stated that the
bill raises the duty on these articles to 30 percent.,
but I think the bill does not go far enough. In
articles of mere fancy, like these enameled slates,
I think 40 per cent, is not too high.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the gen-
tleman include roofing slates?
Mr. WALTON. I do.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I move to strike from
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont
the article of " roofing slate."
I will only say in support of this amendment
that 1 think no one who has listened to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont will hesi-
tate a moment in striking out this article, for by
no possibility can it come withm the range of ar-
ticles which he describes.
The committee voted on the amendment to the
amendment, and there were—ayes 25, noes 40; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WALTON. Rather than break up the
quorum, I will accept the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York.
The amendment, as modified, was then adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add at the end of
the section what should properly have been in-
serted in another place. Rather than go back, 1
prefer to insert it here. I move to insert it, as fol-
lows: .
On soaps,fancv,scented, honey,cream, transparent, and
all descriptions of toilet and shaving soap. -2 cents per pound
m addition to the present duty.
