THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2985
cent, ad valorem. They have the right to ask it,
and as it is a fair and just proposition, I hope the
committee will not hesitate a moment in adopt-
ing it.
Mr. BIDDDE. I presume, Mr. Chairman, that
even if this bill is to be founded upon a protective
policy, it is not the intention to so arrange the
uuties as to prohibit the importation of articles
which are not produced in this country. Under
the tariff of 1857, when a duty of twenty-four per
cent, was imposed upon silks, it excluded almost
all of the foreign article from the market. At the
present time, when the protection amounts to forty
per cent., it excludes from the market everything
except some fine Ital^ln sewing silks, which I am
informed are not produced in this country. And
to raise the tariff* still higher would make it sim-
ply a tariff for the prohibition of such articles as
are not produced here at ail. For that reason I
am opposed to the amendment suggested by the
gentleman. There is no duty whatever upon raw
silk. I had occasion to call the attention of the
committee to that matter myself, though it did not
receive their favorable consideration. Still, raw
silk remaining entirely free of duty, I should be
sorry to see an advanced duty pujt, upon the man-
ufactured article.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out" twist." I move
the amendment merely to give me an opportunity
to explain and justify the action of the commit-
tee. I do not desire to interfere with the propo-
sition of the gentleman, but to leave it to the sense
of the committee to decide as they see fit.
In reference to his statement that the duty on all
other articles of manufacture has been increased
by this bill, I will say he is very much mistaken.
There are some kinds of iron, the duties on which
have not been increased. The duty on window
glass, molasses,and sugar, has notbeen increased.
The duty on no manufactures of silk have been
increased; for the reason that, at the last session
of Congress, we increased the duty on all descrip-
tions of silk ten per cent. Raw silk is admitted
free; and if sewing silk and twist are manufac-
tured here from the raw article, or silk as reeled
from the cocoon, the manufacturers have a pro-
tection of 40 per cent. If they manufacture silk
from singles, tram, thrown, or organzine, the
manufacturer has a protection of 15 per cent.
We have an article of silk velvet manufactured in
this country, a fact of which I was not aware until
to-day. We also have ribbon manufactures, but
we do not give even them any higher duty than
40 per cent, for revenue or protection.
Mr. TRAIN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 would inquire of the gentleman
from Vermont whether it has not been the under-
standing of the Committee of Ways and Means
all along that wherever a manufactured article was
affected by the excise bill, that article should be
protected by this bill correspondingly?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That lias been
our idea.
Mr. TRAIN. If that is so, why should this
article be omitted ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the reason
that the duty now existing is utterly prohibitory,
and it makes no sort of difference whether you
make the duty 40 or 50 per cent. The article
has not been or will not be affected at all.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman to give
way to allow me to read an extract from a letter
in reference to silk manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will.
Mr. DELANO. It is from, a letter which was
laid before the committee when the tax bill was
under consideration by them. The writer says:
" It is a business requiring the movement of very much
more capital to produce a fair income than almost any other
of the countiy, and we think should be favorably consid-
ered in comparison with the others which produce an equal
income from onequaiter to one halfthe amountof business
and alike proportion of tax. Whatever tax is assessed, al&o
lessens our protection from the tariff."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
The amendment introduced by Mr. Delano
was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend by
striking out from line six, section thirteen, the
word " five," and inserting " three," thereby re-
ducing the duty from 5 to 3 per cent, upon all the
articles enumerated in that section. The amend-
ment would be a very important one if adopted,
and I have no expectation, of course, that it will
be adopted unless it meets the favor of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I move the amend-
ment for the purpose of obtaining information in
reference to this duty of 5 percent, upon this list
of articles, when the internal revenue bill only im-
posed a home tax of 3 per cent. We have been
repeatedly informed that this bill was constructed
for the purpose of compensating our home man-
ufacturers for the internal tax, and in order that
they might be put upon a level in competition with
foreign producers. That is right if our taiiff was
right before we entered into this war.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted; and I think if the gentleman will look
at the matter for a moment, he will see that his
amendment does not accomplish the purpose he
has in view. The 3 per cent, of the tax bill is pro-
posed on a home valuation, on the sale of the arti-
cle in the market here, whereas this 5 per cent,
upon the imported article is put upon the cost of
the article abroad. That does not exceed, and m
many cases it will not equal, 3 per cent, on the
whole valuation.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, oflllinois. I propose to strike
outfrom line twenty-nine, page 34, the word " leg-
gins." I do it out of the great regard 1 have for
my friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Aldrich,] be-
lieving that his people would bear, by this duty,
more than their proportion of taxes. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state to
the gentleman that his friend frpm Minnesota is
not present to appreciate his kindness.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. In order to protect the interests
of the distinguished gentleman who represents the
settlements of the Red River of the North, I would
ask the chairman of the Ways and Means if he
will allow me to insert as an amendment on page
36, between lines sixty-three and sixty-four, the
words "furs dressed;" that would bring them
within the 5 per cent, schedule, while cut furs pay
10 per cent.
Mr. STEVENS. It is impossible for me to re-
sist so polite an appeal as the gentleman makes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to strike
from lines one hundred and one and one hundred
and two, page 37, the words "manufacturers of
marble, marble paving tiles, and marble dressed
or polished," those words having been incorpo-
rated into another section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert after line one hundred and eighteen, page 38,
the words " roofing slates," and to strike out of
lines one hundred and twenty-three, one hundred
and twenty-four, and one hundred and twenty-
five, the words, " slates, roofing slates, slate pen-
cils, slate chimney pieces, mantels, slabs for tables,
and all other manufactures of slate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert after the word " material," line one hundred
and twenty-eight, page 39, the words " not other-
wise provided for;" so that the clause will read,
"twines and packthread, of whatever material,
not otherwise provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. For the benefit of the gen-
tleman from the State oflllinois, [Mr. Kellogg,]
and his constituents, I move to strike out of line
forty-five, page 35, the words "combs of all
kinds." [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GOOCH. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "watches," in line one hundred
and thirty-seven, page 39, the words "in addi-
tion to the duties heretofore imposed by law, a
duty of ten per cent, ad valorem." The duty
jpon watches now is fifteen per cent., and the
additional duty will make it twenty-five per cent.,
which does not seem to me to be too much duty to
be imposed upon that article. It is true, there are
not many watch factories in this country, but there
are two or three, and they make watches said to
be as good, if not superior, to any manufactured
in the world.
The men who are engaged in the manufacture
of these watches desire this increase of duty; and
I understand the only objection which can be urged
to it is that a high duty may cause a greater
amountof watches to be smuggled into the coun-
try. It seems to me there are no men so well able
to judge in relation to this matter as the men who
are engaged in the business, and are to be affected
by it. They desire this increase, because they
feel that, with the arrangements which are now
made for the detection of smuggling of watches,
they will be benefited instead of injured by an in-
crease of duties; and I apprehend that no man will
say that 25 per cent, is too great an amount of
duty to collect on watches, provided that it be
collected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the four-
teenth section by filling the blank in line two with
the words " 31stduy of December, 1862,"and by
striking out the word " next," in line three, so
that it will read :
Sec. J-l. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That upon all ships,
vessel-", or steamers, which, after the 31st day of Decern-
hoi, 1863, shall he entered at any cu-nom-house in the Uni-
ted State* from any foreign port or place, or fioin any port
or place in the United States, whether ships or vessels of
the United States, belonging wholly or in parr to subjects
of foreign Powell, theic shall be paid a tax or tonnage
duty of JOcents per ton of the measurement of said vessel,
m addition to any tonnage duty now imposed by law, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the sixteenth scction, as fol-
lows:
Stc. 16. Jlnd be it further enacted, That fiom and alter
the day of , no goods, wares, or merchandise sub-
ject to ad valorem or specific duty, whether belonging to a
person oi persons residing in the United States oi otheiwise,
oi whether actjinied by the ordinaiy pioccss of bargain and
^ale, or othei wisp, shall he admitted to entry, unless the
invoice of such goods, wares, or nieichamhse be verified
by the oath of the ownei oi one of the owners, or of the
person or one of the persons of whom they were pui chased,
or fiom whom they weie obtained, certifying that the in-
voice annexed contains a true and faithful account, if sub-
ject lo ad valorem duty and obtained by purchase, of the
actual cost thereof, ami of all charge* thcieon, and that no
discounts, bounties, or drawbacks aie contained in the said
invoice but such as have actually been allowed on the same;
and when consigned or obtained in any manner other than
by purchase the actual market value thereof, and if subject
to specific duty, of the actual quantity thereof; winch said
oath shall be administered by the consul oi commeiciai
agent of the United Stales in the distiict where the goods
ate manufactured, or from which they are -*ent: Provided,
That it there be no consul or commercial agent of the Uni-
ted States in the said district, the verification hereby re-
quired shall be made bv the consul or commercial agent of
the United States at the neaiest point, or at the port fiom
which the goods are shipped, in which case the oath shall
be administered by some public officer, duly authorized to
administer oaths, and transmitted with a copy of the in-
voice to the consul oi commercial agent for his authenti-
cation : Provided^ further, That the consul or commeiciai
agent, as afoiesaul, shall be entitled to receive as fee* one
dollar lor each and eveiy invoice verified, as heiembefoie
mentioned, fiom the party so submitting the same, and shall
account for all such fees in Mich mannet as is nowrequned
by law icgulatmg the salaries and fees ot consuls and com-
mercial agents.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the sixteenth
section by striking out, m the eighth and ninth
lines, the words " or of the person or one of the
persons of whom they were purchased or from
whom they wore obtained," and inserting in lieu
theieof " or, in the absence of the owner, one of
the parties who was authorized by the owner to
make the shipment and sign the invoice of the
same;" so that it will read:
Sice. 16. And he it farther enacted, That fiom and after
the — day of , no goods, waie-s, or merchandise subject
to ad valorem oi specific duty, whether belonging to a per-
son ot peisons icsidmg m the United States or otherwise,
or whether acquired by the ordinary process of haigam and
sale, or otherwise, shall be admitted to entry, unies* the
invoice oi such goods, wares, or merchandise be verified
by the oath of the owner or one of the owueis, or, in the
absence of the owner, one of the parties who was author-
ized by the owner to make the shipment and sign the in-
voice of the same, certifying that the invoice annexed con-
tains a true and faithful account, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to fill the first blank
in line two with the word " 1st," and the second
blank with "November, 1862."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I offer the following proviso,
to come in at the end of the section:
Provided, That for all places beyond the Cape of Good
Hope and Cape Horn, this act shall not take effect until
April 1. 186J.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. For the purpose of mak-
ing a suggestion, I offer the following proviso, to
come in at the end of the section as amended:
Provided further, however, Tlwt nothing herein contained
