1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48
oftheir English lineage,proud of their English lib-
erty—aye, proud of their loyalty to the principles
of the English constitution, and fortifying them-
selves at every step of the Revolution by appeals
to English example and English law—would sac-
rifice that right which their English ancestors
accounted their chiefest glory ? Those ancestors
had, for six centuries, battled bravely for popular
rights. They had placed the crown upon the
brow of the people; they had decked it with many
a jewel; it was radiant with the glories of popular
liberty; and can it be believed that our fathers
would tear away this priceless gem, which spark-
led in the very forefront of that coronet, and with
it adorn the scepter of executive power? In no
other point in the Constitution did they limit the
rights of the people as admitted at that day; can
it be believed that they would, in this one vital
point alone, restrict the bounds of liberty and
enlarge those of power?
They speak of the habeas corpus as a thing ex-
isting, a privilege, whose character and extent are
so ingrafted upon the structure of their society
and Government—a right so familiar to the minds
of men; so interwoven with every theory of pop-
ular rights and executive power; so thoroughly
understood; so accurately defined that it needs
neither to be established nor described—a light
so dearly prized that they will guard it more care-
fully than ever it has been guarded before; that
thuy will establish as the very corner-stone of the
new Republic, that whereas heretofore it might be
suspended at the will of the Legislature, it shall
hereafter be suspended by the same power only
" when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public
safety may require it."
3. The uniform construction of this clause of
the Constitution by every department of the Gov-
ernment, is, that the power of suspension resides
in Congress alone.
In 1807, when Mr. Jefferson submitted to Con-
gress certain documents relating to the alleged
conspiiacy for a dismemberment of the Union,
r the Senate took the alarm, and, with entire una-
nimity, passed a bill suspending the privilege for
three months; it was defeated in the House of
Representatives—rejected on its first reading by
an overwhelming majority.
In the same year, in discussing the question
arising on an application by Bollman & Swart-
wout, for a writ of habeas corpus, to inquire into
the circumstances of their confinement after com-
mittal by the district court, to which they had
been surrendered by Mr. Jefferson, Chief Justice
Marshall says:
" If at any time the public safety should require the sus-
pension of I lie powers granted by this act in the courts of
the United Stut>'s*, it would bo for the Legislature to say
to."
I pause to notice a curious criticism upon this
passage by the Attorney General in his labored
argument m favor of the power of the President.
He says:
" Upon this I remark only that the Constitution is older
than the judicial y act, and yet it speaks of the privilege of
the vvut of habeas coijrus as a thing in existence." *
* * "The couit docs not speak of suspending
the privilege of the writ, but of suspending the powers
vested in the courtsbvtheact." * * * "lf>
by tlx- phrase suspension of the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus we must understand a repeal of all the power
to issue the wut, then I freely admit that none but Con-
giess can do it."
The Attorney General thinks that the powers
of a court are more carefully guarded than the
personal liberty of the citizen; that the first can
be suspended only by the jointaction of the whole
legislative body; but that the latter is committed
to~the discretion of the Presidentalone. He thinks
that a suspension of the privilege of the writ docs
not interfere with the powers vested in the courts.
What are those powers? To compel the produc-
tion of the body of the prisoner by his custodian
that he may be remanded, discharged, or bailed,
. and, for this purpose, to use the powers of the
marshal and his posse. If the President directs
his subordinate to refuse to produce the body of
the prisoner, to defy the authority of the marshal,
to use the Army of the United States to resist his
posse, does he not interfere with the power vested
in the courts?
Suppose Congress should pass a law suspend-
ing the privilege of the writ within a specified
territory, would not the power of the courts to
issue the writ within that territory be taken away?
Or, as to personsarrested by wairantot the Pres-
ident, would not the power to issue the writ for
their benefit be destroyed? Or as to persons held
for a designated offense, would not the power of
the courts cease as soon as it appeared that the
person seeking its benefits belonged to that class ?
Does not the suspension of the writ by the Pres-
ident lead to the same result? The privilege of
the writ involves the right of the party to invoke
and to profit by it, and the power and duty of the
court to issue and hear and adjudge and to enforce
its judgment. The suspension of " the privilege"
suspends the right to invoke the authority to
issue and to hear—the power to enforce it; and
if this be so, the Attorney General admits that
the suspension can only be effected by act of Con-
gress.
But to return to the construction of this clause
of the Constitution. Mr. Justice Story, in his
Commentaries, section 1336, says:
" It would seem, as the power is given to Congress to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus in cases of rebellion or
invasion, that the right to judge whether that exigency had
arisen,must exclusively belong to that body."
Judge Kent was sitting on the bench of the su-
preme court of New York, in 1813, when the naval
and military officers of the United States evaded
the execution of the writ commanding the pro-
duction of the body of Stacey. He ordered an
attachment to be issued, saying:
" Nor can we hesitate in promptly enforcing a due return
to the vvut when we recollect that in this country the law
knows no supeiior ; and that in England their courts have
taught us, by a series of instructive examples, to cxact the
strictest obedience, to whatever extentthe persons to whom
the writ is directed maybe clothed with power or exalted
in rank.-' * > * * "If ever a case called
for the most prompt interposition of the court, to enforce
obedience to its process, this is one. A military commander
is here assuming ciimmal jurisdiction over a private citi-
zen ; is holdinglum in the closest confinement, and con-
temning the civil authority of the State."—In re Stacey,
10 Johnson, 328.
The opinions in Johnson vs. Duncan (3 Martin,
La. Rep., 531) constitute a noble vindication of
the powers and dignity of the law, as against the
attacks of the military authoiities. They were
deliveied in March, 1815, when Jackson was at
the height of his popularity and power; when the
successful defense of New Orleans had shown the
efficiencyof the measures which he had adopted.
Martin, Judge, said:
" At the close of the argument on Monday last we thought
it our duty, Jest the smallest delay should countenance the
idea that this court entertain any doubt on the first ground,
to instantly declare, viva roce, (although the piactice is to
deliver our opinions in writing,) that the exercise of an au-
thority vested bylaw in this couit, could not be suspended
byanyman." * * * " In any other State than
this" * * * "it could not be expected that
the judges of this court" * * * "would take
up much time to show that this couit is bound utterly to
disregard what is thus called martial law." * £ * *
"If it he said that the laws of war, being the laws of the
United States, authorize the proclamation of maitial law,
I answer that in peace or in war no law can be enacted but
by the legislative power." * * * * "Again, the
power of lupealing law and that of suspending it (winch is
u partial repeal) are legislative powers."
Derbigny, Judge, said:
" The monarch, who unites in his hands all the powers,
may delegate to his geneials an authoiity as unbounded as
his own; but in a Republic, where the Constitution has
fixed the extent andlnmtsof every branch of Government,
in time of war as well as of peace, there can exist nothing
vague, unceitain, or arbitrary in the exercise of any author-
ity. The Constitution of the United States, in which every-
thing necessaiy to the general and individual sccunty has
been foieseen, does not piovjde that in tunes of public dan-
ger the executive power shall reign to the exclusion of all
others. It does not trust into the hands of a dictator the
reins of Government. The framers of that charter were
too well aware of the hazaids to which they would have
exposed the tate of the Republic by such a provision ; and
had they done it, the States would have icjected a Consti-
tution stained with a clause so thieatening to their liber-
i ties. In the mean time, conscious of the necessity of re-
i moving all impediments to the exercise of the executive
! power in eases of invasion or rebellion, they have pcrrnit-
! tod Congress to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus in those circumstances, it the public safety should
require it. Thus far and no further goes> the Constitution."
And after an examination of the powers of the
British Government, he cxclaims:
"And can it be asserted that, whilst British subjects are
thus secured against oppiession in the wor«t of times, Ameri-
can citizens are left at the mercy of the willot an individual,
! who may, in certain eases—the necessity of which is to be
■ judged of by himself— assume a supreme, overboaung, un-
, hounded poivor' The idea is not onl> repugnant to the
j pnnciphvof any free Government, but subversive of the
S very loundauons of oui own."
And to the testimony of judges and jurists, may
be added that of writers on military law:
" Of such high impoitance to the public is the pieserva-
tion of personal libci ty, that it has been thought that unjust
attacks even upon life and property, at the arbitrary will of
the magistrate, are less dangerous to the commonwealth
than such as are made upon tbe personal liberty of the cit-
izen. Now, to guard against such abuse, the Constitution
guaranties the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, which
it declares shall not be suspended Unless when, in cases
of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it
and the intervention of Congress is necessary before, suck-
suspension can bemade lawful—De Hart on Military Law.
The gentleman to my right says that Wash-
ington and Jefferson bothsuspended the writ.- He
is entirely mistaken. General Washington, in his
instructions to the officers and troops who were
to take part in suppressing the whisky insurrec-
tion, says:
"That every officer and soldier will constantly bear in
mind that he comes to support the laws, and that it would
be peculiarly unbecoming in him to be, in any way,the in-
fractor of them; that the essential principles of free gov-
ernment confine the province of the military, when called
forth on such occasions, to two objects: first, to combat
and subdue all who may be found in arms in opposition to
the national will and authority; secondly, to aid and sup-
port the civil magistrates in bringing offenders to justice.
The dispensation of this justice belongs to the civil magis-
trates; and let iteverbe ourpride and our glory to leavethe
sacred deposit there inviolate.55—Irving?* Life of Washing-
ton, vol. 5, eh. 25.
Mr. Jefferson, in 1787, objected to the Consti-
tution that it omitted to provide " for the eternal
and unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws."
In 1788 he advised that four States should refuse
to ratify the Constitution until a declaration of
rights had been annexed to it, asserting, among
other things, that there should be " no suspen-
sion of the habeas cotyus;" and in 1807, at the
period of Burr's conspiracy—to which I have be-
fore alluded—he neither assumed to exercise the
power himself, nor did he ask or advise Congress
to do so. On the contrary, in his message to
Congress, he said:
"It will be seen that of three of the principal emissaries
of Mr. Burr, whom the general had caused to be appre-
hended, one had been liberated by habeas corpus, and the
two others, being those particularly employed in the en-
deavor to corrupt the general and Army of the United
States, have been embatked by him for our ports in the
Atlantic States; probably on the consideration that an im-
partial trial could not be expected duringthe present agita-
tions of New Orleans, and that that city was not, as yet, a
safe place of confinement. As soon as these persons shall
arrive, they will be delivered to the custody of the law, and
left to such course oftrial, both as to place and process, as
its functionaries may direct."
And when theSenate bill, suspending the habeas
corpus for three months, camc to the House, Mr.
Eppcs, Jefferson's son-in-law, moved its rejec-
tion; and his friends and supporters—-all, I be-
lieve, except two—voted for the motion. The
motion prevailed, only nineteen votes beinginthe
negative.
These are the instructions which the context of
the Constitution, its uniform interpretation, and
the history of English liberty afford. They an-
swer the question, who shall suspend the privi-
lege of habeas corpus? And yet, with this answer
full before him, the President says:
"The Constitution itself is silent as to which, or who, is
to exercise the power; and as the provision was plainly
made for a dangerous emergency, itcannot be believed the
Iramers of the instrument intended that, in eveiy case, the
danger should run its course until Congress could be called
together."
It is taught us by every page of the world's
history that the possession of power has blinded
the eyes of man, and destroyed his judgment.
The Attorney General, in the argument from
which I have before quoted, says:
"If it be true, as I have assumed, that the Presidentand
judiciary aie cooidinate departments of Government, and
the one not suboidmate to the other, I do not see how it
can he legally possible for a judge to issue a command to
the Tresidentto come before linn ad subjiciendum."
The meaning of which appears clearly to be
that the court has no power to punish the Presi-
dent, and therefore the President may do the thing
worthy of punishment. But exemption from
punishment gives no constitutional power, and
affords neither justification nor excuse for a breach
of the law. The President may forbid the mar-
shals to execute the process, and they may obey;
he may direct the provost marshal to detain the
prisoner, to disregard the writ, and by the power
of his squad to imprison the lawyer who asks for
it, and the judge who issues it, and to shut out
from their chamber the court which will hear it;
but none of these acts, nor all of them together,
give him the authority which the Constitution has
withheld, to suspend the habeas corpus, and thus,
according to his pleasure, to imprison the citizen.
Secondly. Notwithstanding tiie Constitu-
