1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
war; that we have spent in this causeless rebellion
over six hundred millions of dollars, and with the
inevitable necessity before us of spending hun-
dreds of millions more; that the Ball's Bluff mur-
der is but. a part of this accursed tragedy, where
treason and treasonable blunders murdered by the
hands of slavery's maddening demons a brave and
loved officer and a thousand pure patriots; that at
Springfield, Lyon and his men struggled against
a fearful and hellish power until, outnumbered, he
and hundreds of his soldiers lay down for the
last time, and their dead and mangled bodies be-
come prisoners to traitors who could not con-
quer them while living. It is not enough thatat
Rich Mountain, Carnifax Perry, Belmont, Fred-
erickton, Lexington, Springfield, Roanoke, Ports
Henry and Donelson, our brave brethren fell mur-
dered by traitors for slavery; but these same
traitors are to be protected and apologized for
here; and the man who dared to proclaim then-
property confiscated to the public use, and their
slaves freemen, is hunted down through every av-
enue which human ingenuity can invent, prompted
by the most remorseless desire to fasten on us and
continue this cause and origin of all our woes. Of
history we learn nothing; our own we do not study;
we blindly sit here while the vortox is opening
again to receive us. The blood of our people, the
tears of our widows and orphans, the sword of
the Army, and the Congress of the nation, all fail
to do a simple act which God has warned us,
through lamentations and sorrow, is our duty to
mankind and to Him; but in face of all this, we
support those who, with vulture eye, have hunted
the friend of freedom to his fall, and have divided
his garments.
The charge of inefficiency was too shallow a
pretext to deceive any one, more especially the
western people, who bore witness to his trials and
his efforts, as well as the results of his labors in
his extensive department, " which was the State
of Illinois and the States and Territories west of
the Mississippi river and 011 this side the Rocky
mountains, including New Mexico," and sub-
sequently including a part of Kentucky and the
river. He took command of the western depart-
ment wholly without special instructions, with
full discretionary power to conduct himself under
the arduous duties of that position as hisjudgment
should dictate. He entered upon his duties at St.
Louis on the 26th day of July, 1861, and found
the department in the most deplorable condition,
almost without arms and military stores, wholly
without money, clothing, or provisions. From the
6th of June previous, Missouri had been in the
command ofGeneral McClellan, and from the per-
plexed and needy condition of the Government,
had been wholly but unavoidably neglected. Ly-
on's troops had not been paid or clothed by the
Govermnentduring the time he commanded them.
General Lyon was in the southwest part of Mis-
souri, needing reinforcements. There was trouble
111 the northwest, requiring more troops than we
had there. In the northeast part of the State we
had barely enough troops to meet the "bnemy;
while in the southeast, Bird's Point, Cape Girar-
deau, Ironton, Holla, and St. Louis, with Cairo,
Illinois, were threatened by a large force of the
enemy, and no adequate preparations made to
meet the emergency. The railroads were con-
tinually threatened and frequently destroyed, the
incendiary's torch performing its office; arms were
taken from Union men by squads of rebels all over
the State; treason walked on the highways and
denounced the flag and Government with impu-
nity. The State was wild with excitement, per-
sons flocking to the rebel standard from the veiy
doors of the Government officers, St. Louis itself
seething with treason and rebellion. "The State
government in inextricable confusion, unable to
lend a helping hand; 110 arms, no equipments,no
horses for cavalry, no large guus for batteries, or
small guns for field artillery; all the aftairsof the
department in helpless confusion; no system, no
money, no officers, and no credit;" the depart-
ment entirely neglected by those whose duty it
was to provide for it. The whole country was in
commotion. The failures of oar army of the Po-
tomac at Bull Run and Manassas; Us retreat on
Washington; the surrender of Harper's Ferry,
with our arsenal and arms, the machinery of
which for manufacture fell into the enemy's hands;
the retain^ of Patterson from the Virginia shore
—hat! all gone to embolden the rebels, who were
then much better armed than were our forces.
The authorities at Washington, trembling at the
advance of a victorious enemy, who were within
sight of the Capitol, were using every effort to
make " Washington safe," having but one man-
ufactory for arms left, and but few arms in the
arsenals or market, the major part of them having
been plundered by Floyd and his traitorous coad-
jutors, left the western department almost desti-
tute. All the arms which could be procured by the
Government were sent to the army of the Potomac.
Its money was spent there; its clothing was for-
warded and used there; the demand was great and
the supplies small. In vain did General Lyon,
days and weeks before Fremont's arrival, plead
for money to pay his needy troops, and with which
to provide commissary and quartermaster's stores.
In vain did he ask them to pay the debts he had
contracted. In vain did he call for arms and re-
inforcements. In vain did he notify the Govern-
ment that his troops had neither pay nor clothing
from the Government during their three months'
service, that their families were in want, they dis-
pirited from the neglect, and unwilling to reenlist
on account of it. In vain did Fremont plead for
arms. In vain did he ask for money and military
stores; compelled to contract loans on his own
responsibility to pay troops, and furnish troops
and arms. In vain did he inform the Government
that his troops were mutinous, and those whose
times were expiring unwilling to reenlist on ac-
count of the failure to pay. He importuned until
a Cabinet officer wrote to him that he could get no
attention to the West or western matters; that he
must take every needful responsibility to save the
people over whom he was specially set.
Such are the ordeals through which Lyon and
Fremont passed, and paved the way to others'
honor and renown.
When General Fremont took command of the
western department, there were less than twenty-
five thousand troops in the entire command; of
which forces ten thousand were three months'
men, all of whose time expired within ten days
after his arrival > leaving him some fifteen thousand
in all that vast depaitment. Of the whole forces,
Lyon had near one third at Springfield; the re-
mainder were with Pope in North Missouri; Pren-
tiss, Cairo; Lawler, Bird's Point; Bland, Pilot
Knob; Wyman, at Rolla; Shrifel, Lexington;
Stevenson, at Booneville; Smith and Marsh, at
Cape Girardeau; and Burnstine, at Jefferson City;
with a remnant at St. Louis; all the Missouri
troops poorly clothed, not paid, some of them
badly armed, and dispirited; while, as I have said,
the enemy, buoyant with hope, had over sixty
thousand mon in thefield,and theirforces fastaug-
menting. Pillow, in southeast Missouri, seven-
teen thousand; Hardee, near Greenville, seven
thousand; Price, southwest, threatening Lyon,
with near thirty thousand; Harris, in northeast,
with sixteen hundred; Green, in northwest, with
over fifteen hundred; Thompson and Watkins,
near Girardeau, five thousand; making a total of
sixty-two thousand one hundred.
The enemy had cavalry and large amounts of
artillery; while the Federal forces were without
cavalry and but little artillery; the whole Statein
revolt, and the young men joining the enemy.
General Fremont, fully anticipating the wants of
his vast department, and well knowing the needs
of the Government, with Us disposition to call
arms,ammunition, and supplies to Washington,
on receiving information, while in this city, from
Governor Yates, of Illinois, that he had seven
thousand men ready to march, only that they
were without aims, called on General Ripley, of
the ordnance department, and obtained a promise
that, out of twenty-five thousand stands of arms
then on hand, seven thousand stands should be im-
mediately forwarded to the Westfor those troops.
On the next day Ripley informed General Fre- !
mont, at New York, that the Governor of Illinois 1
must be mistaken in wanting arms, and that they j
could not be had. Of this he notified the President j
through the Postmaster General, who informed j
him that the President would in person attend to j
this mattt'i; which he did by the appointment of j
Major Hagner to assist General Fremont in pio- j;
curing arms by purchaseforthe West. And,not- jj
withstanding this precaution and kindness by the |j
President, the arms and supplies purchased for the ||
West were sent by Hagner to Washington for the jj
army of the Potomac, as appears in the commit- "
tee's report of Hagner's testimony. Not o'vfer
about two thousand stands of arms carte from
Hagner to Fremont.
Another-ruse played on Fremont was to send
an order, dated July 24, 1861, for five thousand
stands of arms on the arsenal at St. Louis, "When
there were none there to fill the order. Large
amounts of those that were there in the spring* of
1861 were rifled and repaired under the supervis-
ion of this same Major Hagner, who then had
charge of the arsenal, and delivered to General
Buckner, which have been used against our troops
in Kentucky until captured by the forces under
CteneralsGrant,Wallace,McClernand, and Smith,
and Commodore Foote, which is a part of the
army raised by General Fremont. On his arrival
in the West, the Government was almost destitute
of supplies, being compelled to send her agents
into the open market to purchase for the Potomac
army. Different Governors also had their agents
in the market purchasing supplies for their re-
spective States, all of which were competing with
cach other, raising the prices at times to much
more, and seldom at as little as the real peace price
of the arms and munitions of war. To show the
House the very high prices which arms and am-
munition reach in times of war, in Governments
where, as in this country, ample national factories
have not been constructed and in use, I will read
from a treatise on the rise in prices in arms and
ammunition in England during the Crimean war:
" When a sudden demand arose for an enormous supply
of the munitions of war, not only were private establish-
ments unable to provide them in sufficient quantities, but
those that were supplied were produced at a cost consid-
erably beyond, and in some cases of four and five times
their value, and of a quality so inferior as to involve great
risk ot the failure of military operation*.
"The shells for which the cmitiactors during the late
(Russian) war charged $324 per ton, are now produced in
the Government factories for $66 per ton."
It was during such a struggle forarms that Gen-
eral Fremont was compelled to enter the market
without money to compete with the United States
and the several States in the purchase of arms for
his needy department, of supplies for his gunboats
and his mortar boats, and to equip his land and
river forces, with a concentration of which to quell
a gigantic rebellion in the vastcountry included in
his command. He could not advertise, for he had
no money to pay for what was required. He could
only get what people were willing to let him have
upon credit. And it is worth while naming, in
this connection, that the Government is, at this
moment, refusing to pay for the supplies thus
furnished.
At this moment, ami ever since the removal of
General Fremont, an illegal committee, presided
over by the man most instrumental in the procur-
ing of General Fremont's removal, and violently
opposed to him politically, has been sitting in in-
quisition upon his administration at St. Louis—
annulling contracts. I repeat,ammMmgcontracts.
The Essex, which, since before the battle ofBel-
mont, has been active m protecting Kentucky, and
bore a distinguished part in the victories which
have gladdened and revived the loyal part of the
nation—that very Essex, costing much less than
half the price of the gunboats built by Govern-
ment—delivered to the Government completely
finished and furnished not only with every arti-
cle of necessity, but even of comfort, including the
cabin furniture of the officers and crew, put on
board and paid for by the private means of the
officer employed to build her, (Captain Adams;)
even for this they have refused to pay, but struck
off two thirds from the fair and reasonable cost,
and that upon the full and detailed exhibition of
the most satisfactory vouchers. And this, be-
cause this boat was built under the orders of Gen-
eral Fremont. Compelled to strike a bargain
wherever he could, he offered, single-handed, the
credit of the Government, and plead his pressing
necessity as an excuse for the offer; and though
thus burdened with duties which belong to the
Government, and which for all her other generals
except Lyon she has performed, he procured his
arms and supplies, equipped and managed his
army, throwing his forces along those vast dis-
tances, quieting and controlling the rebellion,
repairing railroads, and building bridges, and dis-
charging all the duties of officers of armies organ-
ized, and ivhich do not move, in addition to those
services of which I have spoken.
And vet we are told he is inefficient. By whom ?
