1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Why, sir, by that cabal which has pursued him
because of his proclamation, in which are the
friends of that institution of slavery here held
above the peace of families, the desolation of so-
cieties and States, the sacrifice of property, and
the lives of freemen; a cause whose advocates find
no sorrow or shame in marshaling its hosts for
strife and blood against the Government, its law,
peace, and citizens.
General Fremont is always succcssful when
pursuing the dictates of his own judgment, which
early pointed out the necessity of having gunboats
and mortar boats to use on the rivers in connec-
tion with his land-forces. He had such con-
structed, the first under the supervision of the
brave and competent Commodore Foote, who
commanded them with honor to himself and the
country; the mortar boats by that most excellent
officer and gentleman, Mr. Adams. I clip the fol-
lowing just remarks from the New York Times
relative to these boats:
" Speaking of the success of Foote and Porter, does it
occur to you to look back and give credit where credit is
due—to the man wiio planned the enteiprises winch have
yielded such abundant returns? Do you recollect that
among the first chaiges that were brought against Fremont
was the one that lie was wasting money in building gun
boats to be used on the western livers, and that an unend-
ing flood of lidicule and abuse was heaped upon what was
called Uus visionary scheme?' Fremont has not been per-
mitted to reap the full harvest of the seed he planted ; but
the future will know that for the fall of Fort Ilenry, and
probably for the ultimate reduction of Columbus and the
clearing out of the Mississippi, the nation will be indebted
to General Fremont's foresight and adaptation of means to
an end. The campaign of the West is coming back to the
linos upon which Fremont stood when his triumpnaut ca-
reer was cut short. Thus time and circumstances are vin-
dicating lum almost before the ink is dry upon the paper
that doomed him to inaction, and for a time to public cen-
sure."
AfterGeneral Fremont had well sccured his out-
posts, and fortified them, with the fortifications
of St. Louis in an advanced state, he moved his
forces to the towns of California, Tipton, Syra-
cuse, Sedalia, and Georgetown, his headquarters
to Jefferson City, thence to Tipton, intending to
move in pursuit of the army under Price in seven
divisions, under Generals Sigel, Asboth, McKin-
stry, Pope, Hunter, Sturgis, and Lane, in all near
forty thousand men.
On the 11th of October, Secretary Cameron and
Adjutant General Thomas reached St. Louis, as
I learn from their published journal of events so
injudiciously given by Thomas to the country,and
after examining the fortifications there, readied
Tipton, where I saw the Secretary, on Sunday
the 13th of the same month, reviewing a portion
of the troops there and in Syracuse, leaving the
same day, and on the 14th ordered the work on
the fortifications at St. Louis to be stopped; this
was done without notice to Fremont. And at the
time Messrs. Cameron and Thomas were in his
camp, they were the bearers of an order to relieve
him of command, dated October 7th, six days
prior to their visit. Yet they did not serve the
order, or inform the general that such was in
being. This order was left in Sf. Louis, in (he
hands of inferior officers, and General Fremont
permitted to march south with his forces in pur-
suit of Price, which he did with the full knowl-
edge of Secretary Cameron and AdjutantThomas
on the morning of the 34th.
On the morning of the 16th, two days after Fre-
mont left the railroad at Tipton, the Van Wyck
committee commenced its investigations at St.
Louis; and the order for the relief of General Fre-
mont from command was changed from the 7th
to the 24th of Octobcr,as willappear by reference
to the instrument itself. The committee closed
their testimony on the 29th, two days after the
alteration of the date of the order, which, thus mu-
tilated by irresponsible hands, was served on him
at Springfield, November 2d, one hundred and
thirty miles from where Secretary Cameron left
him. The order to relievo Geneial Fremont was
signed by General Scott, and before it was served
on him, which was twenty-six days after its first,
and nine days after its last date, General Scott
had retired from service, and General McClellan
was commander-in-chief; and so strangely was
this business transacted, that General McClellan
on the 2d of November, the same day that Gen-
eral Fremont was relieved at Springfield, Mis-
souri, issued an order at Washington, directing
him what course to pursue with his army. This
was duly received on the 4th, by General Fre-
mont, two days after its date, on his way to St.
Louis, in obedience to the prior order.
This is the most singular conduct ever emana-
ting from any department of any Government.
Let us review it. An order to relieve the major
general commanding the western department is
issued and signed by the commander-in-chief,
October 7; is carried by the Secretary of War and
his Adjutant General to the camp of the command-
ing general six days after its date, and knowing
that he is intending to move with an army of forty
thousand men,in pursuit of an enemy in the field,
with all the equipments for war, do not serve the
order, or prevent the movement of the army. After
he has gone from the last point of prompt commu-
nication, they stop the work on the fortifications
ordered by him prior to starting. Two days after
this an investigating committee, which was ap-
pointed by Congress sixteen days before Major
General Fremont entered on his duties (and not-
withstanding this committee was appointed at the
instance ofthe chairman to examine the Secretary's
conduct, then challenged by him as imprudent and
unjust) commence an investigation of this new de-
partment, without notice to the general of its pur-
pose, gathering its information from his avowed
known and pcrsonalenemies; the date of the order
to relieve changed by irresponsible inferior officers
to the 24th ofthe same month. The committee
closed their investigation on the 29th, five days
after this change of date. The order is not served
until the 2d of November, nine days after its last
date, and four days after the committee close their
testimony, when an order from McClellan reached
Warsaw, Missouri, in two days. The trip can
be readily made from St. Louis to Springfield in
three days, being one hundred and sixty miles
by railroad, and one hundred and thirty by good
wagon road. The investigating committee com-
menced its labors two days after he started from
the railroad, and left before he returned. And the
commander-in-chief did not know that a major
general was relieved twenty-six days after the
order issued. Whether this singular coincidence
was by the committee recognized at the time, I do
not know; but that no man's good name should
be assailed in his absence, without notice, has been
settled as good law. And that a commander-in-
chief should learn in less than twenty-six days
that an order to relieve a major general, who was
commanding an extensive department, with over
sixty thousand troops, had issued, will hardly
ficcd affirmation here.
It will be remembered that while he pursued
Price with a heavy force, his occupation of Ken-
tucky, at Paducah, Cairo, Illinois, with almost
the entire State of Missouri, was fully established
and maintained. His removal, at the time he had
succeeded in concentrating his forces at Spring-
field for his certain and swift descent on Price's
army, was fatal, not only to him, but to the State
of Missouri and the country. With an army in
high spirits, well disciplined, with some seven
thousand cavalry, eighty-six picces of artillery,
and the remainder infantry, abundant trains, with
provisions, such as could not be procured in the
country, had it not been for two occurrences,
which are worthy of notice heie, General Fremont
would have engaged Price before the order for his
relief reached him. One was the swollen condi-
tion of the Osage river, over which he threw a
trussel bridge eight hundred feet in length through
a deep and rapid current in thirty-six working
hours—getting the material from the forest—on
which his army passed with all his artillery and
stores, and returned again under General Hunter.
The second hinderance was the tardy movements
of Generals Pope and Hunter.
The country has been informed by the public-
ation of Adjutant General Thomas's diary of his
peregrinations through Missouri and Kentucky,
among other and singular things, that for want of
meansof tiasportation, General Fremont's army
could not move at all, which at the date of h is report
had moved sixty miles from where he saw it, and
built a bridge over a navigable river, and moving
on; and secondly, that Generals Hunter and Pope
could not do so*for the same reason. To disabuse
the public mind, I will insert the statement of Col-
onel I. C. Woods, chief of transportation, made to
the general, under date of October 18, at Warsaw,
showing the amount and character of transporta-
tion of each division of the army, except Gen-
erals Lane's and Sturgis's. The report shows the
number of teams, whether Government, hired, or
pressed, of each division, at that date:
Government. Hired.
General Hunter... .205
General Pope  90
Genoial Sigel 102 25 Enough pressed to move.
.165
15
80
. SO
. 10
_
12
. 3
, 12
_
2
, 16
-
3
633
40
97
for band.
Yet Pope reached Springfield only on the 2d of
November, and Hunter late in the evening of the
3d, and his command on the 4th, where Fremont
and the other divisions had been for over a week.
And though the roads were good, their teams did
not arrive with tents, cooking utensils, and pro-
visions for some time afterwards, putting their
men to severe and unnecessary exposure, which
I saw with sorrow, and of which I have a right
and a will to speak of here. A portion of my r.on-^
stituents were in those commands. The neglect
was unnecessary, and I am now, as I was then, and
there stated, firmly convinced that it was done to
create distrust in the minds of the troops against
General Fremont; and that they had teams is fur-
ther evidenced by their subsequent arrival. The
advance divisions saved their men by hauling their
knapsacks, leaving them their arms and ammu-
nition to carry; the roads were good. The world
may determine whether it was a part of the com-
bination when they know who took command.
While General Fremont was at Springfield,
Price-with a much heavier force was at Cassville,
and at intermediate points between those places,
his advance at one time reaching to Wilson's
Creek battle-ground, ten miles from Springfield;
his heaviest forces being at Cassville, and Mc-
Culloch at Flat Creek, nearer our forccs. That
the armies would soon have met and fought is
beyond any doubt, unless Price had again fled:
and in that case every preparation was made for
a most vigorous pursuit, with ample amounts of
stores for the severest campaign. It has been
said that Price was not in force and threatening
a battle. I shall be willing to believe what such
officers as Sigel, Asboth, Albert, and numer-
ous scouts, loyal citizens of Missouri, as well
as officers from our camp sent to Price's for
the exchange of prisoners, believed to be true.
I conversed with them at the time. In this be-
lief I particularly rely on the statements of Gen-
eral Franz Sigel, whose reputation as a military
commander is established both in Europe and
America, who had command of the advance,
and who used in my presence, to Colonels Hudson
and Lovejoy, the following words: " I know that
we will fight Price in forty-eight hours;" and but
for the arrival of Hunter and Pope, and removal
of Fremont, it would have taken place. The
arrival of two divisions of an army was to Price
tangible, and his information certain, that Fre-
mont's forces had reached him, but that General
Fremont would be removed at that time, and under
the circumstances surrounding him and his army,
no man of Price's good sense would believe,even
if he had heard it. That Hunter believed the ad-
vance of the enemy to be near I am wellconvinced
from the caution he exercised in making a recon-
noissancein force to the old battle-ground, in which
I accompanied him.
And, again, only eight days after General Hun-
ter's order to retire with his forces north of the
Osngo river, Price followed him, and captured part
of his tram, and for thirty-six consecutive days rav-
aged all the country south of the Osage, and much
of that lying north of it. At the town of Warsaw,
where General Fremont crossed the Osage river,
and General Hunter returned on the bridge of
which 1 have spoken, if we arc to believe the news-
papers, our own officers burned a portion of our
quartermaster and commissary stores, to prevent
their falling into the hands ofthe enemy, so closely
were they pursued more than one hundred miles
north of Springfield. We all rejoiced over vic-
tories made by General Davis, with part of Pope's
division, more than one hundred miles north of
where Fremont had cairied peace and quiet. Sir,
the voice of citizens plundered,and the blood of
loyal men murdered in all that country by the
enemy, after General Fremont's removal, will
