.2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
lars in salaries, is nothing to the country com-
pared to the advantages arising from an estab-
lished government.
Mr. WHEELER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio hold that the obligation to afford protection
will be any stronger or more sacred to these people
as residents of the Territory of Arizona than as
the present residents of the Territory of New
Mexico? And what degree of protection, under
existing circumstances, could a civil government
afford?
Mr. GURLEY. I- admit that it is impossible
that they should receive adequate protection at
this time; but 1 expect that civil government will
be backed up and sustained by the military arm.
Mr. WATTS. A moment's reflection will sat-
isfy this House that where a member of the Legis-
lature has to travel from the county seat in Ari-
zona, seven hundred miles, to the capital of New
Mexico, to'attend the Legislative Assembly, in a
country two hundretl miles in width, wholly in-
habited by hostile tribes of Indians, that the inter-
course between those regions will not be very
frequent or very beneficial to the civil rights of
the people wiio are to be governed. It will not bo
sufficient to compensate for the extraordinary risk
encountered by a judge. It will require for a
judge to go from Santa Fe to Tucson, the county
seat, two months' travel, and then he would have
to hire an escort and take provisions upon pack
mules.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if there is any difficulty in that Territory
to get men to travel from the Territory to Wash-
ington city, to serve in the Congress of the United
States ?
Mr. WATTS. I will say to the gentleman,
that they are there about as ready to make their
appearance here as gentlemen arc from Kentucky.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I thought so. I would ask,
then, why there isany greaterdifficulty to get mem-
bers of the Legislature to travel from Arizona to
the capital of New Mexico ?
Mr. WATTS. I have explained the difficulty.
There is no line of communication opened. A
man has to go upon his own risk and run the
gauntlet of ten thousand hostile Indians." If the
same outrages which have been perpetrated upon
the people of that Territory with impunity, had
been perpetrated upon the constituents of the gen-
tleman from New York, or those of the gentleman
from Kentucky—if one hundred and fifty or two
hundred of the people of their districts had been
chaincd to wagon wheels and burned, along with
their property, or hung up by the heels and roasted
to death—the eloquence of the gentleman would
ring through this Hall and through the country
until it would have nerved the hearts of the people
as_hearts of steel to avenge such outrages. But
it is different with this far-distant, plundered, and
forgotten Territory, which seems to be bereft of
friends to do it the smallest justice. But I do not
despair of their cause yet. Before I conclude this
question, I wish to appeal to the members of this
House, and ask if they have yet the feelings of
manhood and humanity in their bosoms.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the gentleman
from New Mexico that there is no man in this
House who feels a greater interest than I do in
extending to every man in Arizona and Now Mex-
ico all the protection necessary to their lives and
property; but! will sugge&tto the gentleman from
New Mexico that it is as much the duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States—and to that Gov-
ernment they must look for protection—to afford
that military aid which will save them from the
evils to which he has adverted, while they remain
citizens of New Mexico, as it would be to protect
them after they become residents of another Ter-
ritory. 1 do not see how the erection of a terri-
torial government in Arizona will enable the Gov-
ernment of the United States to furnish military
protection to that people with more facility than
that Government can furnish protection now.
Mr. WATTS. 'We have had a specimen of
that kind of connection for the last ten or fifteen
yeais, and it has resulted just as I have been at-
tempting to show the House.
But there is another consideration, and a verv
important one. I desire, and I ihink the country
desires, that the vast mineral resources of this
country shall be developed and properly devel-
oped.
Mr. BENNET. Before the gentleman passes
from the point he has been considering; I wish to
say that I am not opposed to this bill, I do not
wish to be so understood at all. But when he
talks about the protection of these people, I desire
to take this occasion to say that protection for the
people of New Mexico is being furnished now at
double quick. A thousand volunteers from the
Territory of Colorado have marched to that Ter-
ritory, making over four hundred miles in the
short space of thirteen days, and the last one
hundred and sixty miles at the rate of forty miles
a day. They were marching towards the enemies,
not only of New Mexico, but of the entire coun-
try; they met them, and when they met them,
they whipped them.
Now, I would suggest to the gentleman from
New Mexico, so far as the protection of the peo-
ple of Arizona is concerned, let him continue the
march of the Colorado boys down into that coun-
try and clean out the enemy, and then he can
peacefully organize a civil government there. That
is the way, 1 think, to afford substantial protec-
tion to the people there. Send men there armed
with muskets, and not men clothed in ermine.
Send the Army there first and clear out the ene-
my, and then civil government will follow in its
wake.
Mr. WATTS. Iam much obliged to the Dele-
gate from Colorado for the tribute which he has
paid to the patriotism, courage,and endurance of
that noble band of one thousand volunteers who
went to the relief of the overrun, distressed, and
down-trodden Territory which I have the honor
to represent; and my only regret is that they were
not followed by another thousand and another
thousand still of the same sort, which it will be
necessary to send to that Territory before we are
entirely relieved from the pressure of the thirty-
five hundred confederate troops that are now des-
olating the southern portion of the Territory.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman that there is this reason for a civil govern-
ment even if a military force is sent there, that wo
dp not want to intrust the adminmstration of the
civil government in the hands of military men.
They should go simply to protect the civil gov-
ernment.
Mr. WATTS. Mr. Speaker, it is the general
impression that this distant Territory is a God-
forsaken portion of the world, of no interest to
anybody, and that nobody need take any interest
in. Now, I wish to satisfy the House that this
is a mistake; that although every acre of ground
that is within the limits of Arizona will not pro-
duce scvenl y-fivo or eighty bushels of corn, it will
produce seventy-five or eighty or one hundred
dollars'worth of the* precious metals, including
gold; and I think the experience of the world is
begining to show that cotton is not king, or if it is,
that gold is not only king, but king of kings; and
that any nation which commands gold—the cir-
culating medium of the world—and is enabled to
produce sufficient food for the men who are dig-
ging it out from the inaccessible mountains, are
destined to have the privilege and the right to
govern the world. I bold in my hand a specimen
of the productions of the Territory of Arizona.
I can send it to the Mint, at Philadelphia, and
when examined and assayed, it will produce in
the article of silver alone $5,000 to the ton. That
is a choice specimen. I hold m my hand an assay
from the Mint, at Philadelphia, of an ordinary
specimen from the same vein. I ask the Clerk to
read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, May l2. 18(33.
Dear Sir: The i.iclo&cd rcpoit of the assayer of the
Mint exhibits the quality and richness of the silvei ore
" liom the ileintzolman nunc in Aiizona," left by you for
as^ay. The results of the examination are highly satisfac-
tory. * '
Youis, truly, JAMES POLLOCK,
„ ,, _ „ Director.
Mi. Charles D. Poston.
Report.
Assay Ofuce, United States Mint,
Mav I, 1862.
hiR: The specimen of silver ore, stated to he trorn the
Hnnizclman mine in Anzonn/'Ieft with 5 oti hy Mr.Chailcs
J). Poston, is a sulphide of silver and copper, contained m
quartz tock.
Uu account of the call foi an early lepoit, I have thus
far iiiaih1 only ail examination wiio u-leicuco to the enn-
tent of prc-ioiH metal. Two kind of result-were aimed -
at; tir&t, as to the piopuition of silvei m the ine- !
tallic part; and, secondly, as to the proportion of silver in
the whole specimen, including the caithy 01 silicious ma-
trix ; as it was said to be a fair representative of the aver-
age quality or condition of the ore.
The metallic portion, being black and lustrous, is easily
distinguishable at sight from the gang, which is a bluish
white stone.
In the fijst case I found, upon repeated trials, a variation
from 31.6 per cent, to 19.2 per cent, of metallic silver; the
remainder being chiefly copper, with other metals not yet
determined. They are all, of course, in the state of sul-
phides. A mere trace of gold was found.
In the second case, operating upon the whole specimen,
I found an average peicentage of 4.2 per cent, of metallic
silver. As it is usual to estimate ores by the bushel, cord,
or ton, (the last being the most definite term,) I may state
that ore of this quality would yield $1,060 to the ton of two
thousand pounds.
This prodigious return imparts a great interest to the ex-
amination ; and I shall take pleasure in making a further
search for the other metallic constituents, and will acquaint
you with the results, probably adding some remarks as to
the most feasible and economical mode of extracting the
silver in the large way.
I may add that there is a very mat ked difference between
this silver ore and the product of the famous Washoe mines
in Utah Territory. The Arizona silver is accompanied with
copper—the Washoe with lead; both are surprisingly rich
in silver, but the latter is accompanied largely with gold ;
other striking points of difference need not here be dwelt
upon.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. 11. ECKFELDT, Assayer.
Hon. James Pollock, Director, $c.
Mr. WATTS. It appears from that commu-
nication that upon an actual test of an ordinary-
specimen of the silver ore from this mine, it pro-
duces §1,600 to the ton. I have another speci-
men before me that produces twelve hundred
pounds of lead to the ton. I have another speci-
men of silver that produces $800 to the ton; and
I have a specimen of copper before me from the
mines of that Territory that produces ninety-five
per cent, of copper, almost pure. One of the ob-
jects of organizing a territorial government for
that distant region is to enable the hardy miners,
the pioneers, in the discovery and working of the
mines, to go there in peace and quiet, with the pro-
tection of law and order, military and civil, thrown
around them, in order that the vast and untold re-
sources of that magnificent mineral region may
be fully developed. I undertake to say, from my
intimate knowledge of that section of country, that
if such protection is extended to it, the Territory
of Arizona alone will furnish to the circulating
medium of the country $50,000,000 per annum in
the articles that I have exhibited to you; and it
is a shame to the American people, and to the
American Congress that the mineral wealth of this
country is better known and more highly appre-
ciated in London and Paris than it is in an Amer-
ican Congress, and by the American people.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 297) to limit the ap-
pointment of major generals and brigadier gen-
erals in the Army and volunteers; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
TERRITORY OP ARIZONA AGAIN.
Mr. WATTS. Mr. Speaker, there are other
considerations to which I desire to refer. It is
important to lay the foundation for a future State
there. Look at California. California alone,
since the first discovery of gold in that vast re-
gion—in 1848—has furnished to the circulating
medium of the United States$750,000,000 of gold.
All this vast region of country that I am now
speaking about is lying idle and unproductive.
It furnishes no capital to the country for the rea-
son that it is roamed over by savage Indians, who
come down upon the settlements, and spread des-
olation and destruction. This rich and bounteous
country wiil bountifully repay your protecting
core.
An Italian sunset never threw its gentle rays
over more lovely valleys or heaven-kissing hills,
valleys harmonious with the music of a thousand
sparkling rills,mountains shiningwith untold mil-
lions of mineral wealth, wooing the hand of cap-
ital and labor to possess and use it. The virgin
lays of the morning sun first kiss the brow of its
lofty mountains, and the parting beams of the set-
ting sun linger fondly around their sublime sum-
mits, unwilling to leave to darkness and to night
such beauty and such grandeur. If there be a
single tiioui' ht which lights up the oft timesgloomy
pathway of (ho k\nhful legislator, it is the sweet
le/kciton that he hat. been instrumental in protect
