44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
tion. The President has little confidence in this
claim of power under the Constitution, for he pre-
faces the statement of the claim with argument to
show that it was his right and his duty to suspend
the privilege of habeas coipus, even though such
suspension were prohibited to him by the Consti-
tution. The President says:
"The whole of tlie laws which were required to be faith-
fully executed were bczng resisted and failing of execution
in nearly one third of the States. Must they be allowed
finally to fail of execution, even had it been perfectly clear
that by the use of the means necessary to their execution,
some single law, made in such extreme tenderness of the
citizen's liberty, that practically it relieves more of the
guilty than the innocent, should to a very Iintited extent
be violated? To state the question more directly, are all
the Jaws but one to go unexecuted, and the Government
itself go to pieces, lest that one be violated? Even m such
a case would not the official oath be broken, if the Govern-
ment should be overthrown, when it was believed that dis-
regarding the single law would tend to pieserve it?"
Attorney General Bates, in the argument already-
referred to,says:
"The argument may be briefly stated thus: it is the
President's bounden duty to put down the insurrection.5'
* * * * " The manner in which he shall per-
form this duty isnot prescnbed by any law; but the means
of perloimmg it are given in the piaui language of the stat-
utes, and they are all means of force—the militia, the Army,
the Navy. The end—the suppression of the insurrection—
is required of him. The means and instruments to suppress
it are lawfully in his hands; but the manner in which he
shall use them is notpreseritH'd,andcouidnotbeprescnbed
without a foreknowledge of all the future changes, and con-
tingencies of the insurrection. lie is, therefore- necessa-
rily thiown upon his discretion as to the manner in which
he will use his means to meet the varying exigencies as
they arise."
The Secretary of State, in his official dispatch
to Lord Lyons, dated October 14, 1861, after an-
nouncing the absolute right on the part of the
President to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
" whenever and wherever, and in whatsoever ex-
tent the public safety, endangered by treason or
invasion in arms, in insjudgment requires, "says:
"The safety of the whole has become, in the present
cmeigency, the supreme law ; and so long as the danger
shall exiyt, all classes of society, equally the denizen and
the citizen, cheerfully acquiesce in the measures which
that law prescribes."
And partisan friends, approving the act of the
President, and seeking to justify it by argument,
say " that in times of war and civil strife the Con-
stitution is suspended-, when danger threatens the
Government, it must be protected by all necessary
means; that treason must be crushed outat what-
ever cost or by whatever measures."
These are only different statements of the same
proposition. They all involve the idea that when-
ever in times of civil commotion the President
may think the Government is in jeopardy, his
discretion, not the Constitution, is the measure of
his power in defending it.
If the President may suspend the privilege of
habeas corpus because he deems such suspension
necessary, so also may he, under like circum-
stances, suspend the right to a "speedy tiial," or
to exemption from "excessive bail," or the right
to a "trial by jury/' or that it shall be within the
proper district, or the provision that no man shall
be deprived of " his life without due process of
law." If the President may, at his will, imprison
a man without hiw, because ho believes such im-
prisonment necessary to the public safety, may
ho not, without law, under a like pressure, put
him to death? If he may suspend one of these
constitutional provisions, he m;>y suspend two,
he may suspend all.
If, under the plea of necessity, the President
may suspend those clauses of the Constitution
which assure to the citizen his personal rights, so
also may he suspend those clauses which ex-
piessly limit his own power; he may prolong,
indefinitely, his own term of office, on the pretense
that the imperiled condition of the country forbids
the excitement of an election or a change of ex-
ecutive officers, or fhat he should submit to im-
peachment. He may suspend the provision that
" for any speet h made in either House members
shall not be questioned in any other place;" or
that Representatives shall be'elected every two
years; or that all legislative powers shall be vested
in Congress. If lie may suspend any clause of
the Constitution, or any right seemed by it, a
fortiori may he suspend the laws of Congress, and
the rights and remedies prescribed, the powers
granted, or the duties enjoined by them.
And thus, according to this new theory, the
President may supersede entirely the Constitu-
tion and the laws; set aside every guarantee of
liberty; disregard every limitation upon his own
power; abolish all the civil institutions of the land,
and substitute for them his own undisputed will;
he may displace the government, which he has
sworn to preserve, and which we have been ac-
customed to believe, and to boast, is the best ever
framed, and inaugurate in its room the earliest
and worst form of government—the despotic com-
mand of a military chief; he may, with a word,
abrogate the entire system which we have built
upon the foundations laid by our fathers, and with
another word build up a new and a different sys-
tem; and all this rightfully, legitimately, without
usurpation.
The position is utterably untenable. It has no
warrant in the Constitution, nor in the principles
which underlie our system of government, nor in
the genius of our people, nor in the spirit of lib-
erty. It is inconsistent with them all. Its delib-
erate adoption by the people would destroy them
all. It is the offspring of cowardice, and would
become the fruitful parent of tyranny and dis-
order. It would reduce any nation to the posi-
tion of slaves; indeed,any nation, willing to adopt
it as a theory of government, is so lost to every
manly aspiration for freedom; so lost to a true
appreciation of its dignity and rights; so wanting
in courage and constancy to maintain them, that
it is slavish already; so weak and degraded that
the yoke is but the outward token and fitting em-
blem of its true condition. We are told in defense
of this new theory, that the power is never to be
exercised, indeed does not exist, except when the
rebellion is threatening the very existence of the
Government. I reply in the language of the
President, in his argument upon the question of
secession:
" The little disguise that the supposed light is to be ex-
ercised only tor ju->t cau~>e, themselves to be the solo judge
of us justice, is too thin to merit any notice."—Message to
Congress, July 4,1861.
We are told that the Constitution was not in-
tended for times of civil war. Doubtless our
fathers hoped that calamity would never befall
our land; but they knew human nature too well to
expect, forever, profound repose. They them-
selves had just emerged from a civil war marked
by moie than the usual trials of a revolutionary
government; they had contended with the enemy
from abroad, and with the tories in their own
midst,and with the remembrance fresh upon them,
they had framed this Constitution and Govern-
ment. It is an impeachment of their honesty or their
good sense to say that their work was designed to
be operative during the quiet days of prosperous
peace, and to be superseded whenever strife and
commotron should afford both the opportunity and
temptation to a usurper. They intended that the
Constitution should prevail at all times, in war as
well as in peace. They intended by it to define the
bounds of power, and forever to restrain it within
those bounds. It has done so. It has vested the
Government, in some of its departments, with all
the power which it was intended ever should be
used. Some power was not to be used; for our
fathers thought—their sons should never forget it
—that the liberties of the people, the right of the
citizen, were to be preferred to any form of gov-
ernment, even their own handiwork; that when
they came into collision the Government must go
down; that it would be better to risk the destruc-
tion of the Government, than to imperil those in-
terests, whose security is the only object for which
all good governments arc created.
If laws are too mild, let them be made more
stringent; if crimes have not been defined, let them
be denounced, and punishment assigned them; if
officers are corrupt, let them be removed; if judges
are imbecile or dishonest, let them be impeached;
let the machinery of the Government all be used,
andpowerenough will be found. Whoever would
go beyond this, would subvert the Government
under pretense of preserving it; would destroy the
Constitution under pretense of upholding it. The
Constitution is the warrant of the Government,
gives it power and substance, breathes into it the
very breath of life. The Government has no
power, no being, except that given it by the Con-
stitution. The President holds his office, the
Congress cxcrci«e& ith functions, the courts sit and
give judgment by virtue of its provisions alone.
If the Constitution is suspended, the Government
falls. These officers have not—no, not for an in-
stant—more power than the humblest and every
citizen. To suspend the Constitution in order to
preserve the Government, would be to stop the
current of blood in the veins in order to improve
the health; to take out the heart in order to pre-
serve the life. To preserve the Government the
Constitution m ust be preserved; its principles must
be cherished; its limitations must be respected;
its prohibitions must be obeyed. When these
are powerless for its preservation, our fathers in-
tended that it should fall; for they ordained and
established the Constitution " to secure the bless-
ings of liberty to themselves and their posterity,"
and invented the Government only as a machine
to administer it. If it shall ever not only fail to
do this, and if its existence shall ever become in-
compatible with the existence of the Constitution,
it will have failed in its office, and ought to give
place to a more efficient organization.
Every instinct of patriotism, every hope of
safely, every aspiration for national life, (which is
with us but the emblem of national liberty,) should
prompt, nay, should command, in thunder tones,
this people to rebuke every attempt at usurpation.
"Let there be no change by usurpation," said
Washington, in his farewell address; " for though
this, in one instance, may be the instrument of
good, it is the customary weapon by which free
governments are destroyed."
It is attempted now, in times of great excite-
ment, in a moment of great public calamity. If
it is permitted now, it will be repeated; precedent
will give authority; the tone of the public mind
will be gradually degraded; its sensibility to in-
fractions of public liberty will be deadened. The
people will yield again and still again, till the
public sentiment debauched, the public virtue de-
stroyed, the national character tarnished, the na-
tional love of liberty diminished, they will become
an easy prey to the tyrant. Each successful ag-
gression upon a people 's rights, degrades its appre-
ciation of their value, and with the loss of it, the
nation loses both the desire and the power to main-
tain them.
These are not vain fears. Already they begin
to be realized. When, six months ago, the writ
of habeas corpus was suspended in the case of John
Merriman, who was held on a charge of treason,
till the grand jury could take action, the liveliest
interest was felt throughout the country. Now,
if public rumor is not greatly at fault, citizens
have been committed to prison whose only fault
is, that they have spoken on the hustings or pub-
lished in a newspaper criticisms on his policy dis-
tasteful to the President or his Cabinet; newspa-
pers have been suppressed; their transmission
through the mails refused; their circulation by
express companies prevented; freedom of speech
and of the press has been abridged; and in the
department of Ohio a second arrest by the mili-
tary has been made after the prisoner had been
held to bail to answer thechargc; and these things
scarcely command a passing notice from the mass
of the people.
It is vain to say that when the public danger •
shall have passed' away these usurpations will
cease, the Constitution will be restored to its vigor,
and the people resume in peace their accustomed
liberties. When was it ever so? When was power
ever shorn of its acquisitions, save by the sword?
When were liberties, once surrendered, ever re-
conquered except in blood ? For the great crime
against its own liberties, no nation has ever made
expiation but in the agonies of revolution; with-
out the shedding of blood there is no remission of
this sin. You cannot make a nation jealous of its
rights by teaching it that, m times of great public
danger, the citizen lias no rights. You cannot
increase its manhood or its constancy, or make
it sensitive to dishonor, by teaching that m times
of danger it must rely not on its own virtue and
courage, but on the power and good will of its
ruleis.
No free people should ever listen to this argu-
ment ot State necessity. Its history is matked by
the wreck of popular liberty and free institutions,
by the sad tokens of human hopes destroyed, and
noble aspirations blighted. As we look back
upon its pathway of desolation, and trace it even
to our own times and country, we may easily
imagine that the very spirit of American liberty
this day hovers over us and tearfully prays that
it nuty not be added to the list of victims. This
argument is always used by the possessors of
