1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing the rights of a distant, feeble, and oppressed
people against the merciless barbarities of a pow-
erful and treacherous savage foe. Let it not be
said of us that, while we are ready to spend untold
millions of money and thousands of lives to pro-
tect our own lives and property, the appeal of this
distant people falls upon our bosoms
Cold as moonbeams on the barren heath."
Let it not be said of us that we have the power
to conquer and annex provinces, but not to pro-
tect or defend them. Let us indulge the pleasing
hope that whenever and wherever our country
plants its victorious banners upon foreign soil, it
does so to bless, not to desolate it.
I am a filibuster, I confess it; but my mode of
attacking the Governments which surround us
is not after the manner of Walker, of Lopez, or
of Crabb. I propose to erect within their gaze
an altar dedicated to justice and liberty, and I pro-
pose to keep the sacred fire constantly burning on
that altar so bright and beautiful that the world
may see its light, and by approaching feel its
warmth. Nations will rush to worship at this
shrine, and stay to live within the circle of its
brightness. If we are but true to ourselves and
our country, a noble destiny awaits us. We lead
the van of nations in the movements of empires.
Our fathers are shouting " onward" from the rec-
ords of the past; posterity is beckoning to us from
the bosom of the future.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have no desire to make
a speech upon this question, but I wish to offer
a proviso to the last section but one.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
at this time, a motion to postpone beingpending.
Mr. WATTS. I move the previous question
on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] who reported the bill, was
entitled to the floor for one hour, to close the debate.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my col-
league, I would like to make a motion to strike out
the third section of the bill, which contains the
Wilmot proviso. It will strengthen the bill, and
I know he is anxious to pass it.
Mr. ASHLEY. I cannot yield to my colleague
for that purpose. An amendment has been pre-
pared which I have agreed to accept, striking out
the part of it relating to other Territories.
Mr. COX. At the proper time I will make the
motion.
WAGON ROAD IN COLORADO.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committtee on Territories a bill
making appropriation for the constiuction of a
wagon road from Denver, in Colorado Territory,
by the way of Clear creek and the Middle park,
to Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
TERRITORY 01? ARIZONA AGAIN.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
came up, two or three weeks since, for the con-
sideration of the House, I stated in my place that
I did not desire to have it put upon its passage
then, if any member desired to discuss it. No
gentleman rising at that time, I demanded the pre-
vious question on the third reading. I did so at
the suggestion of a gentleman at my side, a better
parliamentarian than I profess to be. And when
I declined to yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Wheeler,] it was in consequence
of a misunderstanding. I was told that if I yielded,
as the morning hour would expire in three min-
utes, I would lose control of the bill. I therefore
declined to yield, not from a desire to cut off my
colleague, for I understood then, as I do now,
that ordering the main question on the third read-
ing left debate open, but prohibited amendments,
which I desired to do. I think this explanation
due to the House and to my colleague on the com-
mittee.
Mr. Speaker,the strange spectacle is presented
to-day, in this House, of a people who have no
protection from this Government askingit through
their Representative, and, if the motion fo post-
pone prevails, of its being- practically r^fus'-d , by
the very men who, of allotheis, are pledged to the
protection of the citizens who emigrate to the Ter-
ritories of the United States. For the first time,
I believe, in the history of our legislation, have
the people of a Territory asked that a portion of
such Territory which, from physical disabilities
they were not able to protect, should be taken off,
and organized into a separate government. 1 do
not intend to take up the time of the House in dis-
cussing our duty to resident citizens who have
gone there. Shame and disgrace attach to a nation
that is incapable, or that neglects or refuses to pro-
tect its citizens. Citizens from my own State, and
of my own acquaintance, have gone into this Ter-
ritory with the positive assurances of the late Ad-
ministration that they would be protected, who
have not only sacrificed all their wealth invested
there, but many of them have lost their lives.
For the first time in the history of our Govern-
ment have the white settlers in the Territory been
driven from their homes, leaving their property,
to the amount of millions, at the mercy and control
of savage Indians. I knew but little of that Ter-
ritory, except as I gathered it from friends who
had gone there, and from gentlemen who had called
on me to urge the necessity of establishing a ter-
ritorial government there. Not on my motion,
sir, was a bill first introduced here for the organ-
ization of this Territory. On the 24th of Decem-
ber last, the Delegate who represents that people,
who is supposed to know their wants quite as well
as gentlemen residing thousands of miles away,
introduced a bill for that purpose. It was drawn
up in the usual phraseology, and contained forty
or fifty sections. ButI preferred to have a short bill,
something like the old bills organizing govern-
ments under Jefferson's administration, such as
the bill organizing Ohio. I therefore reported this
bill which has but three sections, and contains the
Jeffersonian proviso, without which I could not
consent to the organization of this Territory. I
therefore declined to yield to my colleague [Mr.
Cox] to move to strike it out, for if it is organized
by this Congress it must be fiec.
1 did not report this bill without having satis-
fied myself that the people of this Territory had
sufficient population to entitle them to a territo-
rial government. I will state,for the information
of the House, some facts in connection with the
history of the population of other Territories at
the time of their organization. The Territory of
Indiana was organized on the 7th of May, 1800,
with a white population of 4,517. The Territory
of Mississippi was organized on the 10th day of
May, 1800, with a white population of 5,170. The
Territory of Michigan was organized on the 11th
of January, 1805, with a population of 4,818. The
Territory of Illinois was organized on the 11th of
February, 1809, having been detached from the
Territory of Indiana, and it had a population of
11,501. The Territory of Minnesota was organ-
ized on the 3d day of March, 1849, with a popu-
lation of 6,038. The Territory of Washington
was organized on the 2d of March, 1853, having
been detached from theTerritory of Oregon. There
is no statistical information giving the exact num-
ber of inhabitants of that Territory at the time of
its organization; but I have consulted the Delegate
from the Territory of Washington, who was then
and is now a resident of that Territory, who thinks
that its population could not have exceeded 2,000
or 2,500. At all events, after a territorial organ-
ization of nearly ten years, its population at the
census in 1860 was only 11,578.
The Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, as
ge.ntlemen are aware, were organized on the 30th
of May, 1854, when there was not a resident white
inhabitant in either of them, by authority of law.
Those who were there were intruders, in contra-
vention of a law excluding every white mail from
the Territory who was notconnected with the In-
dian agencies. The Territory of Nevada was
organized on the 2d of March, 1861, when it had
a population of 6,857. It was detached from the
Territory of Utah, over which there was at that
time a territorial government, as theie is to-day
a government of form merely over the people of
Arizona, who ask for this territorial government.
The Delegate from Nevada informed me to-day
that the reccnt census, taken some six months
only after the organization, shows a population
of 17,000 souls, with two daily newspapers in the
'fYmtory; proving that that organization which
secuies life and pioperty, and which gives civil
protection, had brought these people to the Ter-
ritory 5 where, with the teeming wealth that every-
body knows exists there, they will have within
a year a population greater than that of the State
of Oregon. On the 2d of March, 1861, the Ter-
ritory of Dakota was organized with a popula-
tion of 4,839. The Territory of Arizona, as pur-
posed to be organized, has in that part of italooe
which is called Arizona countyJ.f>,466 white in-
habitants, 21 colored, and 4,040 civilized Indians,
who live in their homes and till the soil. The
Census Bureau have no official returns from the
remaining part of the country proposed to> be
included m the limits of the newTerVitorjr;
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the position of that
Territory to-day. It is said, and 1 suppose with
some truth, that a large portion of this population
has been driven out. But my information from
the Territory and from General Heintzelman,
who called upon me, and who was there for a
number of years, and built Fort Yuma, is, that
those people are driven into the State of Sonora,
and that the moment the Indians and the seces-
sionists, who have control of the Territory, retire,
they will go back to their homes and resume their
claims on the mines. General Heintzelman said
to me, in a conversation I had with him about the
importance and necessity of organizing a govern-
ment for this Territory, that, had it been organized
five years ago, it would have contained to-day
from fifty to seventy-five thousand population,
who have been in the Territory and failed to re-
main there because of the insecurity of person and
property. That is the statement of a man who
was there as a military officer of the United States.
Now, sir, let us see what has been the opinion
of men who have had this subject-matter under
consideration before it came into my hands. Let
us see the importance attached to the organiza-
tion of this Territory by men who have been re-
garded as statesmen. Senator Gwin, of California,
introduced a bill for the organization of this Ter-
ritory as early as 17th December, 1857. Senator
Douglas, who was then chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Territories, reported back a bill to the
Senate, and recommended its passage. So long
ago, then, as 1857, it was thought to be not only
the duty of the Government, but to be expedient
and proper, by the gentleman having charge of
this matter, that a territorial government should
be organized for that Territory. On the 4th of
February, 1859, Senatoi Gicen, of Missouri, in-
troduced a bill forthe organization of Dakota and
Arizona, he being then a member of the Commit-
tee on Territories. Jefferson Davis, a Senator at
that time from the State of Mississippi, intro-
duced a bill for the organization of the Territory
of Anzuma, which was referred to the Committee
on Territories, and Mr. Green, then chairman of
that committee, reported back substantially this
same bill, with the recommendation that it pass.
This Territory has elected three Delegates, at
three separate and distinct elections, and sent them
here to claim seats in this House, asking that the
Territory be organized, and the protection due
from the Government to the people there be ex-
tended to them.
Now, I undertake to say here in my place, that
if a territorial government had been organized in
that Territory, and proper protection extended,
the mines which are undeveloped in that region,
and which are richer than those of Colorado, would
have called to it a larger population to-day than
now exists either in the Territory of Colorado
or the Territory of Nevada. But for the lack of
proper protection it was incapable of sustaining
and defending itself against the horde of Indians
who make their inroads there, and the small band
of secessionists who have been able, by conspir-
ing with those Indians, to drive out the loyal Union
men who here to-day ask your protection. These,
sir, are facts which no gentleman of this House,
here or elsewhere, can gainsay.
Now, sir, I ask the attention of the House to
this map [unrolling a map of the proposed and
surrounding Territories] which will show what
an immense Territory this is, and the boundary
with which it is proposed to be organized. Here
is the Territory of New Mexico, nearly a thou-
sand miles in length from the eastern to the west-
ern boundary. It is proposed to constitute this
Territory by running a line from the southwest-
ern boundary of Colorado, as is shown by this line,
making a Teuitory larger than Nevacia, larger
than Colorado, larger than Utah, larger than the
