1862.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
106f
rise up against those who were engaged in pro-
curing it.
To-day we are again rejoicing over victories of
our brave troops at Springfield, and on the exact
lines of march which Fremont made and intended
to make. These gunboats and mortar boats scour
the rivers, carrying all before them; the forces
organized by him now in Kentucky, under the
brave Generals Smith, Grant, Wallace, and Mc-
Clernand, and the forces under General Buell, are
marching 011 the identical roads, and taking the
same towns, which General Fremont advised the
President, by the following letter of September 8,
should be secured:
(Privat^.)
Headquarters Western Department,
September 8,1661.
My Dear Sir : F send by another hand what I ask you
to considei m lespect to the subject of the note by vour
special messenger,
In this I desire to ask your attention to the position of
affairs m Kentucky. As the lebel troops, dtiveu out from
Missouri, hud invaded Kentucky in considerableforce, and
by occupying Union City, Hickman, and Columbia, weie
prfpaiuu? to seize Paducah and attack Cairo. I judged it
impossible, without losing important advantages, to defer
any longer a foi ward movement. For this puiposc I have
drawn liom the Missouri side a part of the iorce which had
been rationed at Bird's Point, Cairo, and Cape Giraideau,
to Foit Holt and Paducah, of which places we have taken
possession. As the rebel forces outnumbei ours, and tlie
counties of Kentucky between the Mississippi and Ten-
nessee rivers, as well as those along the latter and the Cum-
hciland, are strongly secessionist, it becomes imperatively
necessaty to have the coupciation ot the loyal Union forces
under General'? Anderson and Nel«on, as well as of those
already encamped opposite Louisville, under Colonel Ros-
seau. I have reinloteed,yesterday, Paducah wilh two re-
giments, and will continue to strengthen the position with
men and artillery. As soon as General Smith, who com-
mands there, is reinforced sufficiently to enable him to
spread his forces, he will have to take and hold Mayfield
and Lovclaeeville to be in the icai and flank of Colum-
bus, and to occupy Smithland, controlling in this way the
mouths of both-the Tennessee and the Cumberland rivers.
At the same tune Colonel Rousseau should bring bis foico,
increased, if possible, by two Ohio regiments, m boats to
Hendeison,and taking the Henderson and Nashville railroad
occupy Hopkinsviile, while Geneial Nelson should go with
al'oice of five thousand by lailroad to Louisville, and fiom
there to Bowling Gieen. *As the population in all the coun-
ties through which the above laihoads pass are loyal, this
movement could be made without delay or molestation to
the tioops. Meanwhile General Giant would take posses-
sion of the entire Cairo and Fulton raihoad, Piketon, New
Madnd, and the shore of the Mississippi opposite Hick man
and Columbus The foiegoing disposition having been ef-
fected, a combined attack will be made upon Columbus,
and if successful m that, upon Hickman, while Rousseau
and Nelson will move in concert, by raihoad, to Nashville,
Tennessee, occupying the Slate capital and, with an ade-
quate force. New Piovidence. The conclusion ot tit is move-
ment would be a combined advance toward Memphis, on
the Mississippi, as well as the Memphis and Ohio railroad,
and f trust the result would be a glorious one to the coun-
tiy. In icply to a tettei from Genera! Sheiman, by the hand
ot Judge Williams, in lelation to the vast impoitance ot se-
rin mpf possession, in advance, of the country lying between
the Ohio, Tennessee, and Mississippi, I have to-day sug-
gested the first part of the precedmgplan. By extending my
command to Indiana, Tennessee, and Kentucky, you would
enable me to attempt the accomplishment ot tins all impoit-
ant result; and in older to secure the seeresy necessary to
its success, I shall not extend the communication which
I have made to General Sherman, or lepeat it to any one
else.
With high respect and regard, I am, very trulv, yours,
J. C. FREMONT.
The President.
This was before the enemy had occupied them,
and they could have been seized without blood.
Nashville would have been in our possession by
the 1st of October, and the Union citizens of Ten-
nessee have been saved from the hellish murders
inflicted on them. The blood of the murdered of
Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri, m buttle, in
the secret places of the mountains, in the prairies
and forests, fluids, and highways, will,like Abel's,
cry to God from the ground tor this double mur-
der. The enemies of freedom in the South rose
against her friends there, and the enemies of free-
dom here rose up against their deliverer and de-
stroyed him, cutting off, for a long time, all aid,
while the caverns of the mountains echo back the
dying shrieks of murdered loyal.citizens; and still
the combination in full conspiracy, coldly calcu-
lates upon the flexibility of the American mind,
hoping still ta^mold it for their further use. Fre-
mont was removed because the slave power de-
manded it.
The question of the necessity for the fortifica-
tion of any point is a military one, to be determ-
ined by the officer m command, at the time and
place, in view of the surroundings, and whether
St. Louis should have been fortified was properly
the province of General Fremont to decide; in fact,
the committee do not of their judgment attempt to
pass upon it, but introduce General Curtis as a
witness of different opinion. I must confess that
it was with some surprise I read in the report
that General Curtis thought the fortifications un-
necessary. I perfectly recollect that in conversa-
tion with him at his house at the barracks, where
he was in command, on the day prior to General
Fremont's starting to JefFerson City and Tipton,
en route for Springfield and Price, he said to me,
that the troops then at the barracks were raw,
some of them unarmed, could not defend the city
against the attack of an ordinary force, and that
the barracks should have been built in the State of
Illinois, putting the Mississippi river between
them and the enemy.
It does seem to me that fortifications were as
necessary as th is precaution, particularly as troops
are to defend against, and not to be defended by
the enemy. St. Louis is a large city; it was to
Fremont what Washington is to McClellan—his
base of operations; that while the Potomac river,
a mile in width, forms a protection to this city,
running as it does between it and the enemy's ad-
vance, preventing the egress and ingress of spies,
St. Louis is on the south side of the river, with
its approaches all exposed, and the river a barrier
against reinforcements from the loyal States, as
certainly as the Missouri river was to General
Sturgis, who was unable to aid Mulligan, though
only the river between them, and the remainder of
General Stone's command when Baker fell. Yet
not only General Scott and General McClellan
thought it necessary to fortify Washington, but
this Congress, at its special session and this one,
have voted directly for that purpose many hun-
dred thousands of dollars. Is property in Wash-
ington, the lives of her people, or the cause of
justice, or duty of her military officer to maintain
"it, more sacred or more binding than in St. Louis ?
The committee affirm that the soldiers should
have built those fortifications. These were in all
aheavy work. It was warm weather; the climate,
as has been clearly proven, not congenial to the
northern soldier until acclimated; but the strong-
est reason was that the troops at St. Louis were
received raw and generally unarmed. They were
necessarily equipped and driljed as soon as possi-
ble and thrown to the outposts. This was the
continued and necessary practice at that point.
No body of troops were retained after being fully
armed and equipped; and, indeed, necessity sent
many to outposts not well armed and drilled. The
Governors of States who came up so nobly to the
cause requested, in all cases, that their troops be
not thrown into active service without drill. Fre-
mont's was not a besieging or a besieged army.
He was in command only lOOdays, in which time
he raised his forces from 15,000 to 0*2,000, arming,
equipping, feeding, and clothing them, attended
with the^difficulues which I have already named,
moving them to and fortifying points distant from
St. Louis as follows: Cape Girardeau, 1520 miles;
Iron ton, 80; Bird's Point, 200; Jefferson City, 125;
Rolla,120; arid Cairo, Illinois, 200; and Paducah,
Kentucky, 2.30; besides moving forces over and
quieting all north ami west Missouri, watching
and repairing railroads through, and holding mil-
itary occupation of, almost the entire State, mov-
ing near 40,000 men 290 miles by way of Tipton
tolSpringficld, guarding the en tire country, driving
a victorious army befoie him, and giving peace
and quiet to the people, except in the south bor-
der, and would in a few days have cleared the State
of enemies, had he not been removed. If he had
simply been stationed with an immense force to
guard the city of St. Louis, as has been the case
at this city, he could have fortified it as he did his
outposts with his soldiers, and, too, without the
aid of Congress.
Again: General Fremont found the commerce
and labor of the city paralyzed, and much want
and suffeiing; a large number of the laboring peo-
ple of St. Louis thrown out of employ, dissatisfied
with the Government, because taught by those
wealthy and traitorous scoundrels who had fur-
nished "them labor, but now did not, that the^Gov-
( eminent was the cause of the war and their suffer-
i ing. The labor on the barracks and fortifications
I furnished employ for several thousand hands, at
| good wages, and" by this expenditure the minds of
! many men were disabused, and St. Louis now
I presents the spectacle of poor patriots and wealthy
traitors—the entire foreign population loyal. The
feud between the German and Irish element when
Fremont reached St. Louis was of a character
approaching an outbreak. By the expenditure of
this money the city was quieted. The fortifica-
tions were so built as to command both the city
and the approaches to it, including the river above
and below it. The city is wealthy, and if itshould
fall into the hands of the enemy would furnish
supplies to their entire army. Theirs is a war of
robbery; ours of protection.
Again: General Fremont needed all his forces,
his purpose being, so soon as quiet was restored
in the southwest part of the State, by the destruc-
tion of Price's army, which in a few days he would
have effected, without returning with his army to
St. Louis, to have met his combined forces at the
river, and , with a concerted movement of his Ken-
tucky troops, with his gunboats and mortar boats
and Missouri forces, to move down'the river,
leaving St. Louis in charge of troops enough to
man her fortifications, it being his grand depot,
the center of travel and trade of the West, ap-
proached by seven railroads—three in Illinois and
four in Missouri—as well as river line between
those States, opening to his gunboats and mortar
boats the Missouri, Ohio, Tennessee, Cumber-
land, and lower Mississippi rivers. Connected
as it is by telegraph with the free States and the
capital, he could keep up his lines of communi-
cation for all purposes with the granaries of Illi-
nois, Indiana, Ohio, and Iowa. The great, free
Northwest could pour her troops into his army
in any need.
Sir, the life, the spirit, the labor, the plan, and
the success of this great western campaign, is Gen-
eral John C. Fremont's. History and the honest
judgment of mankind will give it to him, and he
will yet have the reward of his labor, combinations
to the contrary notwithstanding.
As a question of cconomy, the fortification of
St. Louis was entirely tenable. That city has a
population of one hundred and sixty thousand;
her best fightingloyal element was already in our
lines, away from their homes. They knew the
danger, because compelled to ^uell rebellion at
their own door-steps. With their homes fortified,
those troops felt that the Government was in earn-
est, and cared for them; a feeling not so prevalent
with many three months' men, if we may believe
General Lyon, who said they were dispirited and
felt they were neglected. Confidence is all and
all to fighting men. There is no man who loves
his country but who loves his family; and he who
knows that his family is in danger of these mur-
derous slave-drivers, whose course so far is one
of robbery and slaughter, treads with unsteady
step the path which leads from home; but when
he feels himself in danger for the safety of those
objects of his hope and affection, he counts no
odds, and proudly meets his foes. But to hold a
city of the size of St. Louis without fortification,
against forces which could in the rear of an ad-
vancing army rise and seize its stores or burn the
city, it would require fully ten thousand well-
armed troops, with costs not varying materially
from the following:
10,000 men at wages 43 cents per day $4,300
" " at expenses 25 "     2/500
500 horses, for teams and artillery, 20 cents per day, 100
$6,900
In addition, it will require one hundred wagons
and harness for horses, with wear and tearin all,
equaling §8,000 per day. The fortifications will
require less than halfthatnumberof men, wagons,
horses, and arms. So that the expense of $4,000
per day, with a loss of five thousand men, fifty
wagons, two hundred and fifty horses, and artil-
lery for field service, with arms for all, can be
saved by the fortifications, which would be a sav-
ing, in fifty days, of their entire cost, at the price
they were built, not counting the service in the
field of the spare forces. Now, when quiet is
restored, it is said they were not needed. It is
easy to say that a successful precaution was not
necessary.
But what made St. Louis safe ? Was it those
committees which have followed General Fremont
so perseveringly at such respectful distances?
Was it the policy which has suffered the Potomac
blockaded, both above and below the capital—the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad and canal detroyed—
