2988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
cisely central on the western border of the State
of Illinois, and lying in the tier with Ohio and
Indiana, right in the same range. It has around
it every possible facility and convenience for such
an establishment as this, if it becomes necessary
to manufacture arms. I believe there is a good
deal of walnut timber used in the manufacture of
arras for stocks of guns, &c., and there are cx-
haustless quantities of the very best quality around
Q.uincy. There is no finer coal in all the valley
of the Mississippi than there is around it in ex-
liaustless quantities. Material of every descrip-
tion for building of every kind that can be used
is as cheap and as easily procured there as at any
other place that can be named in the entire re-
gions of the West.
Taking all these things into consideration, it is
unquestionably in my judgment an immensely
preferable position for the location of such an in-
stitution as this, if it is deemed necessary to es-
tablish one, to Rock Island. Roclc Island is away
toward the northern pait of the State, upon the
extreme northwestern border of the Slate, and is,
as 1 have already remarked, cut off from com-
munication by river f<# more than lliree quarters
of the year, and such an establishment could not
be erected there, and could not be maintained af-
ter it was erected, without incurring a great deal
more expenditure than would be necessary at the
place 1 have indicated, and without being sub-
jected to a great many more inconveniences in
every way in the distribution of arms when they
were needed and when they had them, than would
be encountered at the other point, ami if tins is
to be done at all, I trust the amendment I have
suspjesti'd will picvnil.
'l'he PRESIiJKNT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, which is to strike out "on Rock
Island," and insert " at Quincy."
Mr. GRIMES. It is the most natural thing in
the world that the Senator from Illinois should be
ptulial to the point that he hns indicated. 1 pre-
sume that I could make remarks in behalf of the
town in which I live that would be at least as sat-
isfactory to myself, to convince the Senate and
the country that that is exactly the point for this
arsenal, and that a line running through that
point will strike the most important cities in the
country; but 1 think lean convince the Senator
himself, at any rate all those who arc not in-
fluenced by any local considerations, that Rock
Island is of all other {joints the very point where
this aisenal should be located.
tn the first plaee, Mr. President, in the early
days of this Government the piinciplo was set-
tled that arsenals should be established in tiie
centers of population—that is, that there should
be arsenals dotted over the surface of the country
bo that the people could be armed in an emergency
without incurring too great an expense in sup-
plying them with arms. Hence it was that they
established one called the Kennebec arsenal, at
Augusta, m Maine; another in Watertown, in the
&tati! of Massachusetts; another at Watervliet, in
the State of New York; another at Frankford, in
the State of Pennsylvania; another, one of small
dimensions, somewhere 1 believe in the State of
New Jersey; another one at Pittsburg, in the Slate
of Pennsylvania. West of that, and after a long
time of peace, mid the West was developed, they
did not pursue that policy, and did not continue it
except at certain points. They established a small
one at Dearborn, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. A mighty small one.
Air. GiUMEiS. { know it was small, but they
had one there, and it was considered of some im-
portance when Michigan was a frontier State,
rhen they established one at Leavenworth, in
Kansas, and another at Jefferson City. Those
were established when they were frontier States.
I he occurrences of the last year have demon-
strated that the policy of the founders of the Gov-
ernment was right; that these arsenals ought to be
established at certain points in every State.
Air. TEN EYCK. Will the Senator be kind
enough to inform me where there is an arsenal in
Now Jersey'
Mr. GR1MES. I think there was one at Tren-
ton. I am not certain about it; but f think there
was one established there.
Mr. TEN EYCK. You would have to go with
a search warrant to find it.
Mr. GRIMES. There was one there. Per- I
haps, because of its proximity to the arsenal at
Frankford, near Philadelphia, and the Watervliet
and Springfield arsenals, it may have been abol-
ished. There used to be one there, I know.
I say, the occurrences of the last year have
demonstrated that it is essential these armories
should be in the centers of large States or in prox-
imity to densely populated States, in order to arm
the citizens of those States when they are called
into service. Now, look at Rock Island as com-
pared with these other places. The Senator says
it is above the Rock river rapids in the Missis-
sippi river. Thatistrue,nnd thatis the very reason
why it ought to be established at Rock Island.
The people of that portion of Illinois in which the
Senator resides have uninterrupted water commu-
nication, as he has already told you, with the ar-
senal at St. Louis. The people of Illinois north
of the rapids of Rock river have not that commu-
nication. There is an extent of country north of
those rapids, from Keokuk up to the north line of
his State, of two hundred and fifty miles, I think;
and yet, according to the Senator's own argu-
ment, they are cut off from the ability to supply
themselves with arms by the inaccessibility of the
arsenal at St. Louis in consequence of these very
rapids to which lie has referred us.
Then again, sir, that part of Missouri that lies
on the Hannibal and St. Joseph road can be sup-
plied from the arsenal at Leavenworth. There is
another arsenal at Liberty, Missouri, I think. I
do not knQW whether that is used or not. They
used to have one at Liberty, Missouri.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. It is not used
now for that purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. It may not be used, butthere
is one there. That portion of the country may
be supplied from the arsenal at Liberty or Leav-
enwoith; and hence the whole aigument of the
Senator from Illinois, so far as position, is con-
cerned, falls to the ground.
This arsenal at Rock Island is designed not for
the accommodation of Illinois alone. Here is an
island embracing some five hundred acres of land.
It belongs to the Government of the U nited States.
It has been reserved for this specific purpose. The
Government has refused to part with its title with
a view of using it for this specific purpose and for
no other. If you locate the arsenal at any other
place, the Government will be compelled to pur-
chase the land, which will castas much as the ap-
propriation that is asked for in this bill to erect an
arserml. Then, again, it is on an island in the Mis-
sissippi uver, and will be more accessible to the
people of the western half of Wisconsin, and to
the people of Minnesota, than it would be at
duincy, or at any other point below, and more
accessible to the people of Iowa and two thiids or
one half of the people of Illinois, than at any other
point.
There arc other great advantages in this place.
There is a water power there utiequaled by any
on this continent, unless it be that of Niagara Falls.
The whole volume of the current of the Missis-
sippi river can be used for mechanical purposes if
the Government sees fit to use it for those pur-
poses; and that was one ofthe reasons why it was
originally reserved by the Government for these
specific purposes of an arsenal and armory.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois by striking out
"duincy," and inserting Keokuk." I think
Keokuk one of the most eligible positions in the
whole Northwest. I think naturally it is the finest
position upon the upper Mississippi, between the
mou th of the Ohio and the sources of the Missis-
sippi. i think it is the finest position upon that
stream. It is at the mouth of the Des Moines.
The valley of the Des Moines is the best and
largest section of agricultural land in the United
States. It would average a width of sixty or
seventy miles.
Mr. GRIMES. Is this motion in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order.
The proposition ofthe Senator from Illinois is to
amend the bill by striking out the words " on
Rock Island," and inserting " at duincy." It is
a proposition to strike out and insert. Either the
matter proposed to be stricken out, or the matter
proposed to be inserted, may be modified before
the question of striking out and inserting shall be
taken. The Senator from Kentucky moves to
amend the matter proposed to he inserted, by
striking out the word " duincy," and inserting
" Keokuk." If that is adopted, the question will
recur on striking out the words4' on Rock Island
and inserting " at Keokuk."
Mr. DAVIS. I had hoped this motion would
meet not only the acquiescence but the cordial sup-
port of the honorable Senator from Iowa. It is
a motion made in favor of his State, and it is a
motion made in favor of the bestposition upon the
upper Mississippi. I do not hesitate to say that
in my judgment, as a natural position for a city
and for an institution of this kind, Keokuk is a
superior position to St. Louis. We are informed
that there is a railroad now under construction
from Keokuk up the Des Moines to Des Moines
city, and on to the northwest until it reaches the
extreme northwestern border of Iowa, and it is
designed to go further west and penetrate that in-
definite northwestern region so far as it may be
eligible to carry such a work. Keokuk is at the
foot of the lower principal rapids in the Missis-
sippi river. There are two great rapids in the
Mississippi river. The one is the Rock river rap-
ids, and the other is the Des Moines rapids. They
are both rapids in the Mississippi river; and each
takes its name from the contiguity of tributary
streams, one called the Rock river and the other
the Des Moines river.
The very forcible objection urged by the Sena-
tor from Illinois to the extreme northwestern po-
sition of Rock Island as the situation for this ar-
senal docs not apply of course to Keokuk as a
position for the same institution, because that is
m the extreme southeastern corner of the State of
Iowa. It is therefore onore central in its position.
It would be more contiguous, and more tribu-
tary as a matter of convenience in the supply for
all that great region of country, both west and east
of the Mississippi river. His other formidable
objection, that before you can reach Rock Island
you have to pass the falls of the Des Moines
river, would be obviated by making Keokuk the
location. As the honorable Senator says, there is
a fall there of about fourteen feet in some twelve
miles in the Mississippi river. This fall consti-
tutes a very great and available water power; and
by proper appliances in the way of blasting, &c.,
a water power might be obtained at that point suf-
ficient to drive all the .machinery that would be
necessary in connection with such an institution.
As I before stated, it is in the very center of
the finest agricultural region, I suppose, upon the
face of the earth. Here is the State of Iowa.
Will the honorable Senator be kind enough to in-
form me of the number of square miles in the State
of Iowa? I have forgotten.
Mr. GRIMES. About fifty-six thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. I venture to affirm that there is
in no community on this continent an equal amount
ofas fei tile land as there is contained in the bound-
aries of the State of Iowa. There is no State in the
Union, according to my information and research-
es, that has a less quantity or so small a quantity
of refuse land. In point of salubrity of climate,
fertility of soil, and rolling face of country that
drains well, and a supply of springsluitf fountains
for the use of man, of the most salubrious water,
there is no State in the Northwest or anywhere in
the United States that can compete with Iowa. If
you take the country in the angle between the Des
Moines river and the northern Missouri line and
the upper tier of counties in Missouri bordering
upon her line, they constitute a very magnificent
and most expansive region of the finest agricul-
tural country upon the continent. The water
communication that exists to that point, and the
railroad communications that have already been
constructed and are m operation, and otheis that
are designed and are in the course of construc-
tion, will give it facilities of access that will not be
surpassed by any point upon the continent; and
every material necessary for such manufactures
as would be entered upon at a United States arse-
nal, and every facility for those manufactures could
be obtained there with as much facility and as
much cheapness, and in as high a degree of excel-
lence there as they could be obtained anywhere. I
am no machinist, and I know very little of ma-
chinery or of the power necessary for driving
machinery; but I presume that where water power
can be obtained, it is the best, it is the cheapest,
and it is the most uniform in its action. All the
water power that is necessary for any purposes
of machinery connected with an arsenal, can be
obtained there at a very moderate expense.
