£028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
State of New York, and larger than any other
State in the Union except Texas.
Now, that territorial organization will secure the
largest proportion of emigration which now goes
into California by the great southern mail route.
That is Che testimony of General Heintzelman;
and from the location of Fort Yuma, built by him,
that and a fort at or near Calabagas, properly gar-
risoned, will afford ail the protection that will be
needed for the Territory and the government now
proposed to be organized.
Now, I do not propose, as I said in the outset,
to take up the time of the House in the discus-
sion of the importance and necessity of this meas-
ure. The honorable member from New Mexico, in
the able and eloquent speech to which the House
have just listened, has left no part of the ground
unexplained, which I intended to occupy when I
yielded the floor that it might be awarded to him,
and I could not if I would add anything on the
points he has so clearly presented, and with which
from a residence of many years in that Territory
he must be so familiar.
The band of secessionists now having control of
this Territory must be driven out of it, and there
is no way by which this can be done so easily,
and the Territory so effectually secured to the
Union, as by giving it a territorial organization;
such an organization as is asked for by the peo-
ple who live there; such an organization as will af-
ford it local protection. Why, sir, I have been in-
formed by a gentleman in whoso integrity I con-
fide to the utmost, that for more than three years
nocourthas been held in thatentire Territory; that
murders of our citizens have been perpetrated with
impunity, not only by savages, but by the very
men who are now in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, and assume to govern the Territory in
the name of Jeff Davis and the so-called southern
confederacy.
That this Territory must be wrested from its
present occupants all admit. It is in the posses-
sion ot a small but desperate band ofoutlaws and
marauders, who were driven from Kansas and the
other frontier States of the South and West. They
have been enabled by conspiring with the savages,
to drive out and despoil all the Union citizens,
many of whom are to-day in tho State of Sonora,
Mexico, anxiously awaiting the time when the
Government shall again assert its just authority
over the Territory, and afford them that protection
to which they are entitled, in order that they may
return to their homes.
I hope the members of this House will not al-
low the appeal of (he gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wheeler,] on the score of economy, to pre-
vent them from discharging their solemn duty to
our citizens, But 1 undertake to say that, in an
economical point of view alone, it is tho cheapest,
best, and most effectual way of saving that Ter-
ritory to us, and of protecting our citizens.
Why,sir, no longer than a few days ago, when
you were discussing the tax bill, my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Dunn] offered an amendment that
this Government should send out laborers to dig
in the mines, to enable us to obtain the precious
metals required to aid in can ying on this Govern-
ment. I undertake to say that if this Territory
is organized at this time, in six months from its
inauguration and the suppression of the rebellion
there will be a population there larger than that of
Nevada, because the mines are richer and emi-
grants may reach there by water communication.
And I not only say there will be a population then'
larger than Nevada, but that the wealth produced
will repay, a hundred fold, the expense which will
be necessarily incurred, whether we organize the
Territory or not, in its recapture from the men
who now hold and occupy it. I ask you to look
at the Territory ot Colorado, which is not as rich
in minerals as Arizona. A year or two ago there
were scarcely a thousand American citizens there,
io-day there is a population of forty-odd thou-
sand, and m a year from this time Colorado will
have a population greater than that of the State of
Oregon. The same may be said of Nevada. And
do you e l me then, thatthis Territory, which is
admitted by all men who have traveled over it or
who have resided m it to surpass all the other
Territories m mineral wealth, will not have a
larger population in the same length of time from
its organization, when its population has run ur>
to six or seven thousand under all its disadvant-
ages ?
But in addition to this, I desire to say that there
rests upon the majority of this House a solemn
obligation to pass this bill, and to pass it substan-
tially as we have reported it; to pass it prohibit-
ing slavery in the Territory, as it is their duty to
dedicateallournationalTerritories to freedom. At
the request of the Delegate from New Mexico, I
have consented to amend the bill by striking out
Washington, and inserting New Mexico, and to
make one other amendment striking out all that
part of the bill which relates to other Territories,
and permit the prohibition of slavery to extend
only to the Territory now proposed to be organ-
ized. I have done so because it has been repre-
sented to me by several members on this side of
the House, for whose opinions I have great re-
spect, that the general provision proposed on the
subject of slavery in other Territories should be
made in another bill. My colleague on the com-
mittee, from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] has in his
charge, by direction of the committee, the bill in-
troduced into the House some time ago by Hon.
Mr. Arnold, of Illinois, and which contains sub-
stantially the same provision touching the ques-
tion of slavery in the other Territories. I have,
therefore, consented to have the prohibition for
other Territories omitted in the Arizona bill.
• Now, Mr. Speaker, I have given to the House
the facts in relation to this matter. How much
wealth has been carried into Arizona that is utterly
and forever lost unless this House now organizes
this Territory I cannot say, but the amount must
be large. The citizens of Ohio alone have more
than a million of dollars invested there, and the cit-
izens of other States have invested large amounts.
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to state to the House
that I see a gentleman in the gallery who has spent
$50,000 of his own money in opening mines in
Arizona, who was driven away by the Indians;
and if the Government would only afford him and
his associates, and others who may desire to go
to that Territory protection, they will in return
gjve us millions upon millions of dollars in silver.
Gold has become so common now that we do not
care much about it. Legal tender is as good as
gold, and a little better, by our law. [Laughter.]
But this Territory is peculiarly rich in silver. As
my colleague, [Mi. Ashley,] and as I have learned
from my constituents who have gone there, I be-
lieve that $50,000,000 per annum would inashort
time, say a few years, be extracted from the mines
of that Territory in silver, if you will only protect
the miners, so that they need not be compelled to
work, holding the rifle m one hand, and tho pick
in the other, as they have hitherto been compelled
to do.
I wish to say that my attention has been called
to this subject from the fact that I have many con-
stituents who have been out there, and engaged
in mining. Several prominent gentlemen fioin
Cincinnati have lost their lifes in that Territory.
For myself, I have win/gold mine nor silver mine
m the Territory.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, so far as I am
concerned, the amount of earthly treasure which
I have laid up in this world is very small; I trust
that in the other it will be proportionately large.
I, too, have no gold or silver mine in Arizona. I
have friends there, however, who have invested
large amounts in that Territory, and who will sac-
rifice all if the present condition of affairs should
continue. I have had friends there whose lives
have been sacrificed. I have conferred with gen-
tlemen who have lived years in that Territory,
who state—and their statement is confirmed by
General Heintzelman—that whenever it is organ-
ized, from $50,000,000 to $75,000,000 may be ex-
ported annually in tho precious metals. But aside
from that consideration, the citizens of the United
States who have gone there have the right to pro-
tection.
As I was saying, when interrupted by my col-
league, the first and highest duty of this Govern-
ment is to protect its citizens. Yet, sir, the strange
spectacle is presented of opposition to this bill by
members on this side of the House, who, with an
inconsistency of principle wholly incomprehens-
ible, propose that its further consideration shall
be postponed until December next. Do not gen-
tlemen know that if they postpone this matter
until December next, it will be late in the summer
or fall of next year before a government can be
organized which will secure for these people the
protection they now demand. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that we fail fully to comprehend the wants
and necessities of this perilous hour for the coun-
try. Men are so accustomed to run in grooves
that even revolutions fail to lift a majority of those
whom we have been accustomed to call leaders
to the level plane of passing events. History in-
forms us that most of those who have been re-
garded in times past as great statesmen and mili-
tary heroes have fallen victims to their inability
to rise to the level of the revolutionary plane.
-Unable to meetand overcome the exigenciesof the
hour, they have folded their arms, and, like Na-
poleon before Moscow, faltered, hesitated, and
were lost. Well and truly has the poet said that—
"Once to every man and nation comes the moment to
decide,
In the strife of truth with falsehood, for the good or
evil side."
Mr. Speaker, I do not by any means believe
that the members of the House are indifferent to
the great issues involved in this rebellion; indeed I
know of the anxiety and solicitude of many of its
most distinguished and patriotic members. But
I do think, sir, that we fail to appreciate in all its
terrible reality the importance and grandeur of
the era in which Providence has cast our lot.
We fail to realize that we are living in a time
when the Republic of our fathers, in which is
centered the hopes and aspirations of millions, is
to be saved or lost. The march of events is so
swift and irresistible, that we become dizzy in
contemplating it, and do not remember that we
are forever and forever being pressed forward.
We seem to forget that we are to preserve con-
stitutional liberty and American civilization, or
permit them to go out in the night of barbarism
and slavery. I appeal to all those who have not
forgotten when, recently, this capital was be-
leaguered by the defiant hordes of treason, and
who have not forgotten all of the exciting and
terrible events which have transpired within the
past year; I appeal to all those who then saw,
and still see, the dangers which beset this Gov-
ernment and its people, whether they are not
solicitous for the future ?
Sir, I do not believe there is a member in this
House, unless he be an accomplice in the treason
which is seeking the nation's life, who is not anx-
ious that victory shall crown our arms,and that
there shall be a speedy restoration of the Union.
But as a body, we hesitate and are divided in
action. Five long and weary months of this ses-
sion have passed, in which we should have had
action, prompt, efficient action, against the rebels,
and yet we sit deliberating. We have done but
little aside from voting men and money to aid in
the speedy suppression of this rebellion. No con-
cert or unity of purpose has thus far marked our
legislation. The nation, in breathless suspense,
is awaiting the moment when some practical meas-
ure of relief shall be proposed and adopted. All
the people ask is competent and efficient leader-
ship, and millions of money and myriads of men
are at our disposal. With impunity have traitors
remained in our Army, in our Navy, and in almost
every department of the Government. We have
done more, far more—I regret to say it—to en-
courage treason than to terrify traitors, by our
inaction and our divisions.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not know whether
I understood the gentleman in a remark which he
has just made, and therefoie I rise to ask him a
question. Are we to understand him as saying
that there are traitors still remaining in the Army
and Navy, and in every department of the'Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes, sir; I made that state-
ment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. In God's name, then, let
us know who they are.
Mr. ASHLEY. I give that as my opinion,
based on facts which are within the reach of every
member of this House. 1 believe that there stiil
remain in all the departments of this Government
men who, at heart, are traitors to it. I know that
to be the opinion of a majority of the members of
the select committee on the conduct of the war,
and of the Potter committee. The members of
both these committees with whom I have con-
versed are well satisfied that there are many now
inoffice under this Government who sympathize
with those who are to-day seeking the nation's
lite, and yet we remain apparently indifferent and
divided.
