1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
three out of four of the approaches to the city of
Washington cut off—which surrenders the Har-
per's Ferry manufactory of arras and arsenal,
with machinery, to the enemy—an army murdered
at Ball's Bluff, in sight of their brave and anxious
friends, without means of relief—the capital, with
two hundred thousand men, beleagured for six
months—was it these? No! no! It was a brave
and active army, imbued with the same spirit of
freedom which moved him who organized it.
But in addition to the deprivations against which
Lyon and Fremont had to contend, of which I
have spoken, troops and arms were called from
that endangered and needy department, at times,
toq, when they were most required, compelling
General Lyon, at one time, to the unwelcome ne-
cessity of refusing to obey the orders of the Gov-
ernment, and withholding troops from superior
demand. And as testimony to prove what I have
said, I introduce and incorporate in my remarks
letters and telegrams, and extracts of each from
the correspondence of Generals Lyon and Fre-
mont; and for the further purpose of dispelling
the unjust aspersions so industriously circulated
against Fremont, charging him with a neglect of
duty to General Lyon in not reinforcing him prior
to the battle of Wilson's Creek, showing by the
telegrams of General McClclian and the President
their opinions of the importance of holding Cairo
and northeast Missouri, and the necessity of sav-
ing this region, which lay 111 proximity to the
river and State of Kentucky, which would, in the
hands of the enemy, directly endanger the city of
St. Louis and entire State of Missouri.
These telegrams and official writings will show
the following state of facts:
That General Fremont took charge of his com-
mand July 25, 1861.
That it was imperatively necessary to reinforce
Cairo.
That the enemy's forces far exceeded any pos-
sible numbers Fremont could bring to bear.
That your troops were not fed, paid, or clothed,
by the Government, while Lyon was in command.
That General Lyon made urgent requests for
them.
That drafts were made*on him for troops until
he finally refused to obey the order.
That General Fiemont reinforced Cairo on the
2d of August, which was as soon as possible.
That the department was destitute of money or
supplies.
That Government would not pay attention to
his urgent requests more than it did Lyon's.
That General Fremont ordered troops to Gen-
eral Lyon, August 3d, seven days prior to the
fight at Wilson's Creek, which was August 10th.
That General Lyon notified Fremont that, in
case of failure to reinforce him, he would retire.
That a failure to reinforce Cairo would have
lost the State, with St. Louis, and not have saved
Lyon, because he would have been surrounded.
That there were not armed troops enough to re-
inforce both.
headquarters dfl'Alt tmknt of oliio,
Cincinnati, June J8,
Chester Harding, jr., Assistant Adjutant Geneial:
Have leceived order placing MUsouii under my com-
mand. Will leave lor St. Lours to monovv. I fmoie tioops
art/needed, telcgiaph mo detail-; of ease.
C*. 15. McCLELLAN', Major General.
Boontville, Missouri, July J861.
Dear Colonel: I hope to move to-morrow, and think
it ni"ie iinpoi tant jUit now to go to Spiingfield. My ioree
in moving t'lom heic will be about twenty-lour hundred
nx-n. M.ijoi JrUmgis will have about twenty-two hundied
men, and \ ou know what force ha*, gone to Spt mgtieldlrom
J^t Loui-, so liiat j ou see what amount of piovision-. we
Mini! want supplied at that point Please atlend to u& as
ellectiial/y as* po-sible. Oui lute should bo kept open by all
means-. 1 mu>t be governed by cue umstances at Spiiug-
lUild. You will, ol coui se, have due attention to the-outh-
ea-t. The State Journal i- outiageou-, and iiiii-t be stopped.
You will take such measiues as j ou think best to effect
tin-. Ourean-e 1- suffering hum too much utduigenc< ,and
you must so advice our fuends in St. Louis. Colonel ste-
ven-oti mibt have pietrv strong garu-ons at the points he
occupies on the rivui. and he must have -uppoit hum oihei
Stale.'- a< occasion -oems to lerjune. Colonel Curtis 1-. f
suppOM , on the lldumbal and St. Jo-; ph toad. lligorous
measure- should be shown the di-ouierly in that legion.
Out opeiauons aic b< coining <jxt«nsive. and our-rail offi-
cers must keep up with our emergencies We need beiea
regulat quaitcimastei and comim—:uy. Cannot-omerhui^
be dime for u- from Wa-lungton ? " B
You is, truly. N.LYON. Comman<Hn<>.
Colonel Harding, St. Louis Arsenal.
P. S.—I cannot --pare more than throe hundred stand of
anna foi home guaid-« at Jefferson. f shall not be able to
supply other portions of the State with the same propor-
tion. N. L.
Headquarters Department Ohio,
Buckhannon, July 5, 1861.
To Chester Harding, Assistant •Adjutant General:
Communicate freely with Prentiss. If he does not need
Wyman you can take him. Telegraph to General Pope at
Alton, to give you a regiment, and to Hurlbut, at Quincy,
to give you another.
Do not lose sight of importance of Caiio, and of its op-
erations in southeastern Missouri. Write to me fully.
G. B. McCLELLAN, Major General U. S. A.
Headquarters Southwest Expedition,
Springfield, Missouri, July 13,1861.
Sir: I arrived at tins placc early tins evening, two or
three hours in advance of my troops, who aie cncamped a
few miles back. I have about five thousand men to be pro-
vided foi, and have expected to find stores here, as I have
ordeied. The failure of stores leaching here seems likely
to cause serious embarrassment, which must be aggravated
by continued delay, and in proportion to the time 1 am forced
to wait (or supplies. * x * * 1 shall endeavor to
take every d ue precaution to meet existing emergencies,and
hope to be able to sustain the cause of the Government in
this part of the State. But there must be 110 loss of time in
furnishing"me the resoutces 1 have herein mentioned. I
have lost in reaching this place about four days' time by the
high waters in Grand and Osage livers, whi.Th made it ne-
cessary to ferry them. The same difliculty prevented Sturgis
from cooperating with Sigel in time to afford any aid.
Please telegraph to McClellan and to Washington anything
111 this letter you deem of importance to these headquar-
ter. Shoes, shirts, blouses, &c., are much wanted, and I
would have you furnish them, if possible, in considerable
quantities.
Yours truly, N.LYON,
Btigadier Geneial Commanding.
Colonei Chester Harding, St. Louis Arsenal.
(By telegraph from Chicago. July 15,1801.)
St. Louis Arsenal, July 15,1861. •
To Chester Harding, jr.:
Have dispatcliedeonditionof affairs to General Fiemont,
and asked authority to take the Held 111 north Missoui 1 with
five moio regiments.#Expect answer to-night. Will go
down and comet with j ou as soon as I hear. How did j ou
succeed with Harris?
JOHN POPE, Biigadier General.
Headquarters Army of the West,
Springfield, Missouri, July 15, 1861.
Colonel: General Lyon is now hoe with about seven
thousand men, of these lully 011c half aic thice months'vol-
unteers whose teim of service has nearly expired ; the latest
expiring 011 the 14th of August. Governor Jackson is con-
centrating his forces in the southwestern part ol the State,
and is leeeiving large teinforcements from Arkansas, Ten-
nessee, Louisiana, and*Texas, llis effective force will
soon be certainly not less than thirty thousand men, prob-
ably much latger. All idea of any furthci advance move-
men t, or of even maintain mgoui pie-cnl position, mu>t soon
be abandoned, unless the Government luinish us promptly
with huge reinforcements and supplies. Our troops arc
badl> clothed, poorly fed, and impeifectly supplied with
tents; none of them have yet been paid; and the tin ce
months' volunteers have become disheartened to such ex-
tent that very few of them are willing to renew their en-
listment. The blank payrolls are riot here, and the long
tune required to get them heic, fill Ihem up, send them to
Washington, have the payment ordered, and the paymaster
reach us, leaves us no hope that 0111 tioops can be paid for
five or six weeks to come. Undei these circumstances,
there remains no other cours-e but to urgently press upon
the attention of the Government the absolute necessity of
sending us fiesh tioops at once, with ample supplies for
them, and for those now heic. At least ten thousand men
should be sent, and that promptly. You will send the in-
closed di-parch by telegiaph to Geneial McClellan, and also
to the War Depaitment, and forward by mail a copy of this
letter.
Lo*e no time in fitting for the .field the tluce years' vol-
unteers now at the ar-enal, and send them here as soon a 
po<--ible. Call for Colonel McNeil's regiment of home
guaulc to gammon at t')e arsenal, and allow him to organ-
ize it foi the legular three years'1 service if he desiics to do
•«(). f 1 is believed that the lcmauung home guards will be
sufficient foi the eifv. Should it be necessary, then term
ot service can be renewed, for a shoit period, tor the pur-
pose of a city gaiiison. The geneial is notaware whether
Colonel Smith's regiment has yet taken the held; if nor, lie
picsumes that both his and Colonel Bland's regiments may
be sent liete without delay. You may doubtless leave the
care of the southea-t prut of the State to General Prentiss.
Should St. Louis be in danger from that direction, troops
could ea.-ulv he called from Illinois and Indiana tor its de-
fame; moreover, a force moving on St. Louis fiorn the
south would be exposed to attack in rearfrom Cano. Hence
theie seems little or no danger fiom that dnection. Unless
we are speedily reinfoiced here we will soon lose a-11 we
have gamed Oui troops have made long marches, done
iri'ieh effective setvice, and suffered no small piivaiiona.
They have reeencd no pay nor clothing ftom the Govern-
ment, and the -mall-nockfutnishedbypnvdtecontribution
r- now exhausted ; so that unless the Government gives us
ichef -peedily, oui thus lar successful campaign will piove
a tailure.
I am, =u. verv respectfully, your obedient -ervant.
j. m. sciiofii:l'd,
Captain Rlet oitk Infantry, Acting Adjutant General
To Colonel Cijesti it Harding, Adjutant General Mt'-souii
Vo!unteci$, Si- Louis Arsenal, Missouri.
P. S. Cannot Colonel Cintis's regiment be spaied from
St. Joseph; and, if so, send it forwaid
N. LYON, Commanding.
Headquarters Ripley County Battalion,
Camp Burrows, July 16,1861.
Dear Sir : If there is any way to communicate with the
Governor, through any peison 111 St. Louis, please let me
know it. lam advancing, and General Yell will follow me
in a few days with five thousand men. He will take posi-
tion between Holla and Ironton, and act as circumstances
dictate. General Watkins will move up, sustained by Gen-
eral Pillow, and if proper energy is exercised wc can drive
the enemy north of the Missouri and into St. Louis in thirty
days. You will please let me hear from you, verbally or
not, through the person through whom this passes; and
please send the Daily Journal for a shoit time to Doniphan,
as it will be sent to me by my couriers.
Yours, respectfully,
Col. M. JEFF THOMPSON,
Commanding Ripley County Battalion.
Joseph Tucker, Esq., Editor The State Journal, St. Louis.
Dear Miss : I have not heard from you yet, but
make free to trust this to your caie.
Springfield, Missouri, July 17, 1861.
Sir : I inclose you a copy of a letter to Colonel Town-
send on the subject of an Older from General Scott, which
calls for five companies of the second infantry to be with-
diawn fiom the West and sent to Washington. A previous
order withdraws the mounted tioops, as I am informed,
and, were it not that some of them were en loute to this
place, they would now be in Washington. This otdcr car-
ried out would not now leave at Fort Leavenworth a sin-
gle company. I have companies B and E second infantry,
now under orders for Washington, and if all these troops
leave mo I can do nothing, and must retire, in the absence
of other troops to supply their places. In fact, 1 am badly
enough off at, the best, and must utterly fail if my regulars
ail go. At Washington, troops from all the northern, mid-
dle, and eastern States arc available for the support of the
army in Virginia, and more are understood to be already
theie than aie wanted, and it seems stiange that so many
ttoops must go 011 ftom the West and strip us of the means
of defense; but if it is the intention to give up the West,
let it be so—it can only be the victim of imbecility or mal-
ice, Scott will cripple us if he can. Cannot you stir up
this matter and secuie us relief? See Fremont, if he has
ariived. The want of supplies has crippled me so that I
cannot move, and I do not know when I can. Everything
seems to combine against me at this point- Stii up Blair.
Yours, truly, N.LYON, Com>nanding.
Colonel Harding, St. Louis Arsenal, Missouri.
(By telegraph from Chicago, dated 17, received July 17,1861.)
To Major General Fremont, XJ. S. A., New York;
We need specially, to fit out one or two regiments of
cavalry, sabers and revolvers. There are absolutely none
in this part of the country.
JOHN POPE, Brigadier General.
Headquarters Army or West,
Springfield, Missouri, July 17, 1861.
Sir: I have the lionoi to acknowledge the leceipt of
special order No. 112 from headquarters, under date of July
0, diieeung the icmoval from the department ol the West
of companies B, C, F, G, and II, sccond mtantry, and of
Captain Sweeny, now acting biigadier general, by election,
of volunteers. The communication icached me yesterday
at this place. *
I have been drawn to this point by the movements of the
rebel forces in this State, and have accumulated sucii troops
as I could make available, including those in Kansas. My
aggregate is between seven and eight thousand men, more
than half of whom aie thiee months' volunteers, some of
whose term of enlistment has just expired; others will
claim a discharge within a week or two; and the dissolu-
tion of my forces from this necessity, alicady commenced,
will leave me less than four thousand men, including com-
panies B and E, second infantry, now with me. In my
immediate vicinity it is cuirently leported there are thirty
thousand tioops and upwaid, whose number is constantly
augmenting, and who are diligently accumulating arms and
stoies. They are making frequent lawless and hostile dem-
onsttations, and threaten me with attack. The evils con-
sequent upon the withdrawal of any portion of my force
will be apparent; loyal citizens will be unprotected, re-
pressed treason will assume alarming boldness, and possible
defeat of my tioops m battle will peril the continued as-
cendency of the Fedeial power itself not only in the State,
but in the whole West.
If the inteiests ot the Government are to be sustained
here, and, in fact, in the whole valley of the Mississippi,
large bodies of troops should be sent forward to this State,
instead of being withdrawn from it, till, by concentration,
theie may be ability to ovei power any force that can be gath-
ered in the West to act against the Government. Troops
properly belonging to the valley of the Mississippi Iroin Wis-
consin, Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio, have already been
withdrawn to the East. The moial effect of the presence
of the few regulars in my command is doubtless the main
consideiation that holds the enemy in check, and with
them I may be able to retain what has already been achieved
until I am strengthened; but any diminution will be immi-
nently hazardous.
The volunteers with me have yet had no pay for their
serviec?, and their duties have been arduous. Their cloth-
ing has become dilapidated, and, as a body, they are dis-
puted. But for these facts, they would ptobablj 'nearly all
have reonlisted. I have no tegular officers of the pay depart-
ment, nor the commissary and quarterma.-tei ; the affairs
of both the last ate cou-equentlv indifferently administered,
from want of experience. Nothing but the "immense inter-
ests at stake could have cvei induced me to undertake the
gieat wotk in which I am engaged, under such discount-
ing circumstances. Jn this state of affairs, presumed to
have been unknown when the order was issued, I have
