46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
primeval forest with the determination to reclaim,
adorn, and make it his home. Michigan was yet
in a territorial condition, and a wilderness. The
township of Green Oak, in which he lived and
died, was not then even organized. He com-
menced life in his new, wild, home, an obscure
young man, a stranger, and in the capacity of a
laborer. He was without money, patrimony,
family position, or influential friends. He wanted
that degree of early education which was neces-
sary to greatly distinguish him above his frontier
neighbors. He had abandoned his early aspira-
tions for professional distinction and fame, and
he was content to pass his life in modest quietude
as an humble tiller of the soil. But he had integ-
rity upon which his neighbors could rely, and
talents and judgment of the benefit of which they
would not be deprived, and without pretension on
his part, he was withdrawn from his seclusion, and
his services were demanded and employed by the
people.
Notwithstanding the apparent impediments to
which I have alluded, Mr. Bingham, though de-
ceased at a comparatively early age, has rendered
more public service and held more varied and re-
sponsible offices than any other man of his State,
living or dead, with, perhaps, the single exception
of General Cass, the late venerable Secretary of
State. A pioneer in the wilderness, he was the
first supervisor of the township of Green Oak.
He was a member of the first House of Repre-
sentatives assembled under the constitution of the
State of Michigan, an office to which he was five
times elected. He was the third speaker of that
body; a position to which he was twice reelected.
He was twice called by his constituents to occupy a
seat in this House. He was, in 1854, made chief
magistrate of his State.
In 1856, Governor Bingham desired to letire
from the gubernatorial chair, but the people would
not consent to his wishes, and ho was reelected.
The fidelity, ability, and complete success with
which he discharged the duties of all those re-
sponsible trusts are sufficiently evinced by the
fact that, in 1859, he was elevated to a seat in the
Senate of the United States for the full term of
six years, commencing on the 4th day of March
of that year. Being himself a practical agricul-
turist, his sympathies were with the masses, and
he understood their wants and interests. His
loexperience in public affairs, and his power
of discrimination gave him great influence with
his party and with the people; yet he was of quiet,
modest deportment, and never officious. In active
public life for more than a quarter of a century,
and with the highest honors of his State conferred
upon him,he never appeared conscious of aclaim
to leadership. During his long conncction with
various deliberative bodies, he rarely delayed
legislation by the obtrusion of his own opinions.
He was a man of deeds rather than words. He
vyas emphatically a working member, ever atten-
tive to the business of legislation, and ever prompt
to guard the interests of the State. Possessed of
endowments solid rather than showy, the distin-
guishing attributes of his character were clear,
mature, comprehensive judgment and inflexible
integrity—qualifications not so indispensably ne-
cessary to the tribune as useful to the cabinet and
the committee room. Guided by principle rather
than expediency, no supposed political necessity
or partisan policy could swerve him from his con-
victions of duty. He was with his party when in
his judgment right; he was for his country always.
At the commencement of the present gigantic
rebellion, he clearly comprehended the nation's
danger, and promptly came to its rescue. He
came not with hollow words and empty profes-
sions; he proffered substantial aid, placing a young
and favorite son in the Aimyin the capacity of a
pru ate, offering him upas a sacrifice upon the
altar of his country.
rile death of such a man is at all times a crush-
ing bereavement to his family and immediate
friends; at this time it is a national loss, and to
his State it is a calamity.
But,sir, I need notextend these remarks. Death
is an event to which we are all surely and rapidly
approaching; and the deceased, though cut off
somewhat prematurely, lived to accomplish more
for his fame and the benefit of mankind than often '
results from a life of threescore and ten. Hellas I
left as an inheritance to his children an honorable !
and unsullied name, and an example worthy of |
their emulation. His virtues are enshrined in the
hearts of his neighbors. The annals of Congress
will show that he has done some service for the
Republic. The frame of government of his own
State, in every part, bears evidence of his handi-
work; and the history of Michigan will be an
enduring monument to his ability and moral
worth.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That tlie House has heard with feelings of the
profoundest sensibilitv the announcement of the sudden
death of Hon. Kinsley S. Bingham, late a Senator from
the State of Michigan.
Resolved, That the officers and members of tiie House of
Representatives will wear the usual badge of mourning for
thirty days ia testimony of their profound respect for the
memory of the deceased.
Resolved, That the Oierfc be requested to communicate
to the family of the deceased the proceedings of the House
upon this occasion.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect to the mem-
oiy of the deceased, the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, but little more
than five short months ago these Halls were
shrouded in gloom, and echoed the voice of sorrow
and lamentation for one whom a nation mourned
with a depth of sincerity and a profundity of grief
seldom exceeded if ever paralleled in the history
of the country. A great man had fallen: the ju-
rist, the statesman, the philanthropist, and patriot
had gone down to the grave in the vigor of his
manhood, in the height of his usefulness, in the
brilliant culmination of an illustrious career; and
we, in common with a sorrowing constituency,
tearfully deplored his untimely death, and here,
beneath the dome of the nation's Capitol, amid
the scenes of his labors, his trials, and his con-
quests, paid the last sad honors to his memory.
And now, while yet the chords of popular sym-
pathy are vibrating with irrepressible notes of
sorrow, tlicy arc again touched by the relentless
hand of a new bereavement. Scarcely have the
solemn observances which honor and love has-
tened to accord to departed worth; the heartfelt
eulogiums, the chaunting requiems, the deeply
knelling bells, the shrouded vestibules, the droop-
ing flags, ceased to attest the nation 'sgrief; scarcely
has the oft-recurring tear ceased to bedew the
cheek of mourning friends; scarcely has the tomb
closed upon tile lamented Douglas, ere another
has departed. One who, if less distinguished, was
no less loyal; if less honored, was no less pa-
triotic; if less eloquent, was no less wise in coun-
cil, comprehensive in foresight, tenacious in pur-
pose, and truthful and ardent in his devotion to
the institutions, the liberty, and honor of his coun-
try. One, sir, who, if less a leader, was no less
willing to be led by those great magnets—those
most reliable and safest of guides in all that per-
tains to the prosperity, the glory, and hope of the
nation—the Constitution and the Union.
Sir, in seconding the resolutions submitted by
my colleague, I feel warranted in saying that no
member of the Michigan delegation in Congress,
whether in this or the other wing of the Capitol,
entertained a more profound respect, a deeper ven-
eration for the abilities, virtues, and superior ex-
cellence of character of Kinsley S. Bingham than
did he who now essays this feeble tribute to his
memory; and I will not forbear to add that no man,
whether of that delegation or of the many thou-
sands of his sorrowing friends outside of it, has
more just occasion to remember with gratitude
his generosity and friendship, or to deplore with
sincerity of grief his untimely death; yet I am
constrained to confess that, could 1 be permitted to
follow my own inclinations, I would shrink from
the discharge of the melancholy duty which this
occasion seems properly to impose upon me; and,
mourning lum in silence, leave it to other and
more able tongues to speak his praise. But, sir,
I represent on this floor the immediate constitu-
ency of the lamented Senator, and my obligation
to them requires that I should, at least, attempt to
bear testimony to their appreciation of his worth,
and express, m some measure, their grief at his
loss. " He was their friend, faithful and just to
them, and should I permit these resolutions to
pass in silence, I feel that I should receive, as 1
would merit, their unreserved condemnation.
As announced by my colleague, Mr. Bingham
died at his residence in Green Oak, Michigan,
lie died upon that secluded yet beautiful spot
which in his youth, he selected for bis home,
and which an occupancy of more than a quarter
of a century, with its endearing associations, its
touching incidents, its early affections, its tender
recollections, its innumerable joys and delights,
had imaged in his heart as—
<kThe spot of earth supremely blest,
A dearer, sweeter spot than all the rest."
He died surrounded by loving friends, who,
aided by science and skill,eagerly sought first to
stay and then to temper the hand of death; but
alas! he was at once beyond the aid of skill and
insensible to the grateful surroundings of home
and the tender offices of friendship and affection.
His was a sudden death, an
" unceremonious fate;
A sudden rush from life's meridian joys."
The morning saw him full of life, attentive to
his ordinary duties, with hope high, looking for-
ward with bright anticipations to the full fruition
of a useful and glorious career. Noon brought
the doleful summons which bade him join with
quick dispatch
"The innumerable caravan that moves
To the pale lealms of shade."
The inexorable fiat would admit of no compo-
sition, and but little delay; and to crown the dire
calamity of that woeful hour, and render yet more
desolate the stricken hearts of his attendant rela-
tives and friends, the unhappy Senator sank at
once into deep and irremediable unconsciousness,
as if appalled and overwhelmed by the rude ap-
proach and gorgonean aspect of the grim and
ghostly messenger.
Of the few brief hours that measured his stay
on earth, I have neither the disposition nor the
power to attempt a description. Their appalling
gloom, their terrible suspense, their anxious ob-
servations, their useless expedients, their vain
inventions, their swift and agonizing alternations
of hope and fear, are alike beyond the reach of
thought to comprehend and the power of lan-
guage to portray. Upon the minds and hearts of
those whose unhappy lot it was to participate in
their deeply agitating and melancholy incidents,
they have left an impression which neither time
nor eternity can efface.- Compressed within their
brief space was almost a lifetime of bitter expe-
rience; a world of tender sympathy, grateful rec-
ollection, earnest, supplication, hoping love, and
despairing grief. May God grant that they may
never know a similar experience, and that the
wounds then inflicted may not only be speedily
healed, but graciously sanctified to their eternal
good.
He lingered until half past five o'clock, and
then, in the peaceful beauty and accordant mel-
ancholy of that autumnal evening, while the last
rays of expiring day, as if in holy sympathy
with human sorrow, slowly withdrew behind the
western hills, pausing mournfully
{<ou the bridge where Time
Of light and darkne«s lorms an aieh sublime,"
he died; died as he had lived, a loyal citizen,
a generous friend, a hopeful Christian, and an
honest man.
From the history of the deceased, which has been
too fully and clearly submitted by my colleague
to require further repetition, it appears that Mr.
Bingham was in the broadest and fullest sense of
the term a self-made man; that, peculiarly the
architect of his own fortune, without the aid of
those adventitious ciicumstances which sur-
round the wealthy and high-born, he developed
and perfected within himself a character of pre-
eminent worth, and, with no unbecoming ambi-
tion, attained to positions at nnce eminently use-
ful and transcendently dignified and honorable.
Although he had attained to but little moie than
the meridian of life, he had served the people of
his immediate locality as their judge of probate,
and also m the capacity of prosecuting attorney;
had been five times elected to represent his dis-
tiict in the State Legislature, and thrice clected
speaker of the House; had been twice elected to
a seat upon this floor; twice chosen Governor of
the State of his adoption; and at last olected to a
seat in that august body, the Senate of the United
States. Although the deceased,in every instance
in which he was called to public service, proved
himself abundantly adequate to the duties required
of him, and served with marked success, yet, sir,
if I have correctly learned the history of his brief
yet active service in the Senate, he gave the most
unmistakable evidence of his peculiar adaptation
to the high and onerous duties of that eminent
