1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
position, arid gave bright promise that the morn-
ing of b«s usefulness was there to widen into the
fullness of perfect day\
Time will not permit even a passing glance at
the many public acts of the deceased. Almost
constantly in the service of the State of his adop-
tion from the hour of its organization up to the
time of his death, he has left the impress of his
energy, sagacity, and prescience upon nearly every
measure by which its development, progress, and
prosperity have been materially promoted. How
justly the people of Michigan appreciated his ser-
vices, and how much they hoped of future useful-
ness trom his capacity, integrity, and patriotism,
unmistakably appeared in the marked expressions
of grief which everywhere prevailed throughout
the length and breadth of the State upon the an-
nouncement of his death. Of the many noble traits
of character of the deceased, of his indomitable
energy, his persevering industry, his cool and
deliberate foresight, and of the kindness, gener-
osity, and simplicity of his private life, much
might be said; but, sir, there were one or two
preeminently distinguishing traits in his character
of which I desire particularly to speak.
If there was any one virtue which above all
others characterized and distinguished the la-
mented Senator, it was a deep and unswerving
devotion to truth. Throughout his active and
eventful life, amid all its trials, vicissitudes, and
temptations, alike in his private walk and in his
public career, a candid, honest conviction of truth
formed the mainspring of his action, was the
trusted guide, the Arcadian star, by which his
course was ever and irrevocably shaped and de-
termined. His history as a legislator for the State
of his adoption, as its faithful Governor, and its
honored representative in the other wing of this
Capitol, affords many remarkable and interesting
illustrations of his unyielding constancy in this
particular. But it was m this House, upon this
floor, sir, that this distinguishing trait in his char-
acter was submitted to the severest test, and it
was here that he gave the strongest proof of its
profound depth and preeminent strength.
His advent here, sir, was in that ominous pe-
riod in our country's history when the political
horizon was darkening with the clouds of that
fierce storm which, following the acquisition of
the Mexican territory, spread wildly over the
land, and raged with terrific fury until tempora-
rily assuaged by the compromise measures of
1850. Of the history of that long and furious
controversy, I purpose no recital. Of the merits
of the adjustment by which it was finally arrested
but little can be said without violating the pro-
prieties of this occasion. While it will be admit-
ted that some of its measures were founded in
wisdom and justice, and conserved the interests,
the honor, and glory of the country, and that, for
a time, it served to abate sectional jealousies and
calm the fury of sectional discord, it will not be
pretended that it has accomplished all that even
its least sanguine friends hoped and prophesied
from it. That it has most signally failed to ac-
complish the great end, the paramount object for
which it was devised is seen to-day in the pano-
plied hosts that are marshaled for the defense of
this city, and heard in the roar of the cannon
upon its surrounding lulls. Yet, sir, I question
neither the wisdom nor the patriotism of those
great and good men, who, alarmed by the fury of
sectional discord, sought by this device to avert
an apprehended domestic convulsion, and hoped
to settle forever a question which hud long and
bitterly disturbed the peace and harmony of our
otherwise happy country. Neither do I offer any
conjectures as to what might have been the con-
sequences to the country had there been, instead
of that memorable compromise, a firm and stead-
fast adherence to the principles and policy of the
illustrious founders of the Government in refer-
ence to the great subjects involved. I do not even
assert, as it seems unnecessary, that our friend,
in his firm and inflexible opposition to the meas-
ures of that adjustment, may not have erred. It
is enough for the purposes of this occasion to
know that he believed himself right; that he felt,
as he expressed himself upon this floor, that in
acting otherwise he would prove recreant to the
sacred trust reposed in him, and betray at once
the good faith and best interests of the country.
" Who does the best his circumstance allows,
Does well, acts nobly; angels could no moie."
Yet, sir, with such convictions, and sustained
by the strength which integrity of purpose always
imparts, the course pursued by our friend in that
memorable crisis, involved no ordinary task; it
involved no less than the severing of party ties,
the sacrifice of his attachment to a party which,
in his conccption, had, from the foundation of the
Government, been the very embodiment of truth,
of justice, of equality, and of liberty itself; it in-
volved the rendering up of party friends with
whom he had been happily associated for nearly
a quarter of a century, and whom he loved with
an ardor and a faithfulness of which but few men
are capable. He knew that those friends, whose
confidence and esteemhe fondly, aye passionately,
prized, would become his most inveterate and re-
lentless foes. He saw theirfrowns, their gesticu-
lations of contempt, their looks of hate, and heard
their words of bitter derision. He knew, too, that
retirement and proscription awaited him; that his
fair fame would become the sport of hatred and
malice, and that the vials of calumny and detrac-
tion would be poured out upon him with an un-
sparing hand.
But, sir, he rose superior to all these terrors,
and, standing erect, in the full strength and dig-
nity of an honest manhood, he bid defiance to the
storm of passion that raged around him, and
calmly consigning to the altar his party allegiance,
party affinities, and party friendships, and with
them his hope of political advancement, he dared
to be true amid every allurement to be false—true
to his God, true to his country, and true to him-
self. In all ages of the world, sir, the historian
has written in glowing terms, and the poet has
sung in heroic strains, of that exalted courage
which enables the patriot soldier to brave the
leaden storm and face the cannon's mouth; but
they touch a grander theme, and must strike a
subiimer note, when they essay the praise of
courage like this. Physical courage, sir, man
shares with all below him, while moral courage
raises him above his inferiors, helps distinguish
him from them, and links him with angels.
To his inflexible loyalty to truth, Mr. Bing-
ham united the purest patriotism. While he
deeply venerated the State of his nativity, and
loved and honored that of his adoption, rejoicing
in their prosperity and exulting in their ever in-
creasing opulence and strength, his deepest, holi-
est aspirations were for the great Union of States.
Regarding that Union as a rich and exhaustless
fountain of State and individual blessings, and as
the only source of national safety, prosperity, and
renown, he gave it far more than mere loyalty:
he gave it his purest thoughts, his most earnest
utterances, his bestenergies, and the warmest and
strongest pulsations of his heart. Upon his rec-
ord here, sir, and everywhere as a public man, he
has written, in glowing and imperishable char-
acters, the evidence of his incorruptible fidelity to
the Constitution and integrity of his country, and
his constant and unreserved devotion to its best
and truest interests. Growing, as it were, with his
country's growth, he had witnessed much of its
unexampled progress to magnificence and renown.
In less than fifty years he had seen it emerge from
comparative obscurity and become, in all the at-
tributes of true greatness, the foremost empire of
earth; while yet in the morning of its career, the
acknowledged Colossus of nations, the admira-
tion and hope of the world; and looking forward
by the light of the past, his soul had been thrilled
with unutterable awe, in contemplation of the
transcendent glory and overwhelming grandeur
of its manifest future. Hence, sir, when he saw
that country madly assailed by parricidal hands,
regardless alike of the glories of the present, the
sacied memory of the pasttand the bright hope of
the future, his heart was filled with indignation,
and all the enthusiasm, ardor, and energy of his
being were at once and unreservedly engaged in
its defense. Here and at home his voice was
heard in behalf of the Constitution and the Union,
counseling to prudence, exhorting to vigilance,
and urging to action. Atthe first call of our noble
President, he sent his son to aid in the defense of
this capital.
But, sir, his zeal foi his country in this unhappy
crisis was best exhibited in an incident that trans-
pired in a committee room of the Senate near the
ciose of the late extraordinary session of Con-
gress. The occasion was the last meeting of the
Michigan delegation for conference; subjects of
importance pertaining to this unholy war were,
under discussion, when Mr. Bingham arose and
while slowly and firmly pacing the floor suddenly
and with startling empnasis exclaimed: "Gentle-
men, I am going home, and you need not be
surprised to see me return with a musket on ray
shoulder; I am ready when my country calls-,,
gentlemen, I am ready now,9* To say that this
scene made a deep impression on my mind would
but poorly express the thoughts and emotions it
awakened. I shall never forget it, sir; I can see
it now; I see the noble form of the departed Sen-
ator, erect andfirmly set; I see his earnestgestures,
his compressed lips and flashing eye; I hear the
deepand impassioned tones of his voice,and those
glowing, burning words, "Ready when my coun-
try calls, ready now!" are ringing in my ear and
thrilling through every nerve. "Ready when
my country calls, ready now:" in those words, sir,
uttered in a manner and under such circumstances
as to stamp them with the seal of truth, we have
an evidence of the patriotism of our lamented
friend which could only have been surpassed by
the sacrifice of his life upon the altar of his coun-
try. We have more, sir; like those ancient words
held sacred by the Hebrew hosts, and by them
transmitted to their posterity, they proved that
he who uttered them was the true descendant of
an illustrious progenitor; that in his veins there
coursed a no degenerate remnant of that same
blood which in the persons of his ancestors urged
to deeds of valor upon the heights of Bennington;
that rose and fell with the varying fortunes of that
memorable day, and bounded and mounted
" When rang the proud hurrah and the red field was won."
They proved too that he was no unworthy kins-
man of the heroic Martin Scott, who but a few
brief years ago rang out those same words upon
the mountains of his native North, abd defiantly
breathing them in ths face of the foe, sealed their
utterance with his life's blood upon the illustrious
field of El Molina Del Rey. Yet more, sir, they
proved that he was no unbefitting representative
ofa State which has always responded with un-
questioning readiness to the nation's call,and has
in this hourofits exigency and peril, in testimony
of its appreciation of constitutional liberty and
beneficent Government, marshaled beneath the
standard of national integrity, no less than twenty-
five thousand gallant sons, many of whom have
already testified that under every circumstance of
hardship or peril, whether in the labors of the
camp or amid the embattled hosts, their motto is
" Now and ever ready!"
But, sir, I am reminded that I am exceeding
the limits appropriate and usual to remarks like
the present, and will hasten to a conclusion. In
the death of our distinguished friend, we are
again impressively admonished of the uncertainty
of life. Verily "in the midst of life we are in
death." Like a gallant ship that bids defiance to
the tempestuous waves and treacherous rocks of
a hundred seas, and braves and conquers a hun-
dred storms, to sink beneath the placid waves of
the embowered bay, the severed haven still in
view, full and nobly freighted, with flushed sails
and streaming pennants, so he sank apparently
in the plenitude of his strength and in the morning
of his usefulness.
Under any circumstances of time or incident,
death is an instructive monitor, " a silent yet im-
pressive lecturer;" solemnly, in unuttered, yet
earnest and unmistakable terms, admonishing us
of the exceeding brevity of life, " of the instabil-
ity of wealth and power, of the certain decay of
all earthly greatness;" but when its swift and un-
erring shafts, like the fiery bolts of Jove, strike
down the good and honored, in the vigor and full-
ness of life and strength, the lesson becomes a
hundred fold more impressive; then, as if enfor-
cing attention by the increased solemnity and over-
whelming directness and power of its teachings,
itconvincesof the absolute nothingness of worldly
grandeur, of the utter vanity of life's most earnest
verities; and pointing to that stupendous, most
sublime, and consoling truth, proclaimed by nature
and revealed of God, that the dark valley is but
the vestibule ofa new and more perfect existence,
" a triumphal arch through which man's immor-
tal spirit departs for a higher, a subiimer, and a
more magnificent country," itdeduces and deeply
impresses upon our minds and hearts that other
great truth, that to live truly, earnestly, and glo-
