1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1$69
felt justified in delajing it>> execution for fuither instruc-
tion, s-o far as th<> companies with me aio concerned.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient seivant,
N. LYON,
Brigadier General Commanding.
To Lieutenant Colonel Towns end,
•Assistant Adjutant General, fyc.
St. Louis, July 10, 1861.
To Major General Fremont:
It was the design to occupy southwest Missouri, cutting
oft all appioaches from Arkansas by way of Pocahontas, to
occupy Poplar Bluff?!, Bloomfield, Greenville, and the line
ot the Cairo and Fulton railroad-—accordingly one regiment
is at lronton, ready to advance when leinforced. Grant
was under oideis, but his oiders were countermanded.
Marsh is at Cape Gnardeau, instructed to keep open com-
munication with Bloomfield, where Giant was to be. Gen-
eral Prentiss lias eight regiments at Cano, and could spate
five of them to go into that country. If wc once lose pos-
sesion ofthe swamps of that region a latge army will be
required to clear them, while if we get poase&sion first and
hold the causeway a smaller foute will do. General Mc-
Clelinn telegraphed that he had authentic intelligence of a
laigc army gatheimg at Pocahontas, aceoiding with what
fhave adv^edfoi weeks. Expecting you lieie daily, Ihave
not telegraphed before ; but if you do not come at once, will
you.take into eosiMdciation the importance to Cairo that
the southeast should be held by usr
CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,
Assistant Adjutant General.
(By telegraph from Cincinnati, July 20,186J.)
St. Louis Arsenal, July '20, 1K6I.
To Chester Harding, ji., Assistant Adjutant Gencial :
In case of an attack on Cairo have none but Illinois
troops to reinforce, and only eleven thousand arms in Illi-
nois. Will direct two regiments to be leady at Caseyville,
but you will only u^e them foi defense of St. Louis, and
in case of absolute necessity. Telegraph mefiom time to
time. G. B. McCLELLAN,
Major General United States Army.
St. Louis Arsenal, July 21, 1861.
A week since General McClcllan telegraphed that he had
the same definite information of troops eiossing from Ten-
nessee and coming up from all parts of Aikan.sas to Poca-
hontas, which I had learned from our scouts and spies,
(one of them a pilot on a Memphis boat which bad con-
veyed some of the troops over.) and had sent to him.
Now, in the southeast we stand thus: two regiments,
not m communication with each other ; no aitillery, a few
home guards, against what they expect to be twenty thou-
sand men, (regular troops, well provided,) who design
marching upon St. Louis.
I have explained all this to General Fremont, who will
be here Tuesday, and who (as does General Pope) under-
stands the thieatened movement, and will take vigorous
measures to meet it.
*#• + >•****•**
At home our ftiends are alarmed, and the city is unea«y.
I receive about five deputations per diem, warning me that
I ought not to send away &<> many troop*, (two thousand
two hundied U. S. R. C. left,) and sometimes hinting that
I will be overhauled by higher poweis I'oi doing so. The
only danger i  in ca-e of an advance fiom Atkan&as. But
the first demonstration will result m dealing St. Louis of
its secession element.
CHESTER HARDING,
Assistant Adjutant Genet al.
To Brigadier General Lyon.
(By telegiaph fiom Cano, 23d July, 1851.)
St. Louis Arsenal, July 2'j, 1861.
To Chester Harding •
Have but eight regiments here. Si.v of them are three
months' men/ Their tune expites this week—are reoigan-
izmg now. I have neithei tent* nor wagons, and must hold
Cairo and Bud's Point. The latter is thieatened I have
but two guns equipped foi moving. Thus you see I cannot
comply with request. Again,newsoftlusmorningehanges
policy of rebels m Kentucky. They aio otgamzing oppo-
site. Watkins is encamped with two thousand seven nules
from Bloomfield. He had no cannon and poorly armed.
This may be the foice jou have heard from.
R. M." PRENTISS, Brigadier General.
Washington, July 26, 1861.
Dear General : I have two telegrams from yon, but find
it impossible now to get any attention to Missouri or west-
ern matteis trotn the authouties heie. You will have to do
the best you can. and take all needful lesponsibihty to de-
fend and protect the people over whom you aie specially
set. * * * * ******
Yours truly, and in haste, M. BLAIR.
Springfield, Missouri, July 07, 1861.
Dear Sir: I have your notes about matteis m St. Louis,
&c., and vour proceeding seems to me peifectly comeet.
Now that matters Notth seem more quiet, cannot you man-
age to get a tew regiments this way? I am in the deepest
concern on this subject, and you must urge this matter upon
FrC-mont as of vital mipoitancc. TUe-c three months' vol-
unteer would reenlist it they could be paid, but they are
now dissatisfied, and it tioop- do not leplaee them all that
is gained may be lost. I have not been able to move loi_
want of supplies, and this delay will «ixnaiNt the term of
the three months' men. < \mnot something he done to have
our men andolTicois paid, a* well a- out puieha^es paid
for? If the Governmtnt cannot give due attention to the
West, her interests must have a corresponding dispaiage-
ment.
Yours, truly, N.LYON,
Brigadier General Commanding.
Colonel C. Harding, St. Louis Arsenal, Missouri.
(Memorandum by Colonel Phelps, from General Lyon to
* General Fremont, July 27.)
"See General Fremont about tioops and Rtores for the
place. Our men have not been paid, and are lather dis-
pirited ; they aie badly off for clothing, and the wantot shoes
unfits them for matching. Some staff officeis are badly
needed, and the interests of the Government suffer for the
want of them. The time ofthe three months'volunteers is
neaily out, and on returning home, as most of them are dis-
posed to, my command will be reduced too'low for effective
operations. Tioops must at once be forwarded to supply
their place. The safety of the State is hazarded. Oiders
fiom General Scott strip the entire West of regular forces,
and increase the chances of sacrificing it. The public press
is full of reports that troops from other States are moving
toward the northern border of Arkansas for the purpose of
invading Missouri."
St. Louis, July 28,1861.
To Hon. W. H. Seward, Washington:
I ordered the arms shipped to New York to my order, ex-
pecting to forward, on the anival, to my department. I
trust you will confirm this disposition of them. The lebels
are advancing m torce fiom the South upon these lines.
We have plenty of men, but absolutely no aims, and the
condition of the State is critical.
j. c. fr£mont,
Major General Commanding.
(Received St. Louis, July 28,1861.)
Cairo, July 28,1861.
To Major General Fremont:
On yesteiday three thousand rebels, west of Bird's Point
forty miles; three hundred at Madrid, and three regiments
from Union City oideied theie; also tioops fiom Randolph
and Coiinth. The number of oiganued icbels within fifty
miles of me will exceed twelve thousand—that js, inclu-
ding Randolph troops oideied, and not including several
companies opposite m Kentucky.
B. M. PRENTISS,
Brigadier General.
St. Louis, July 29, 1861.
To Major Hagner, Fifth Avenue IJQtel, New York :
The agent of Adams's lixpiess Company here has offered
to bung me by passenger train any arms duected tome.
Send everything you have tor me by passenger tiains, foi
which tiie express company will provide.
Your lettei ot 24th received.
The jo vveie no ai mi at the aisrnal heie to meet the order
given for the five thousand. We must have arms—any
arms, no matter what.
J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding Western Department.
(Unofficial.)
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, July 30, 1861.
My Dear Sir: You were kind enough to say that, as oc-
casions ofsufficient gravity arose, I might send you a private
note.
I have found this command in disorder, nearly every
county m an lnsuiiectiotmiycondition, and the enemy ad-
vancing m force bydifferentpomts of the southern fionner.
Within a cuHc of fifty miles aroundGeneial Prentiss there
aie about twelve thousand ofthe confedeiate toices, and
five thousand Tennes:-eans and Arkansas men, under Hai-
dee, well armed with rifles, aie advancing upon lronton.
Of these, two thou-and aie cavahy, which yesterday morn-
ing wcie within twenty-four houis5 match ot h on ton. Col-
onel Bland, who had been seduced fiom this post, is falling
back upon it. I have aheady leinforced it with one regi-
ment, sent on anothei this morning, and fortified it. I am
holding the imlroad to lronton and that to Rolia, so secur-
ing our connections with the South. Other measures which
1 am taking I will not trust to a letter, and I write this only
to mfoim you a? to our tiue condition, and to say that, if I
can obtain the material aid I am expecting, you may teel
seeuie that the enemy will be duven out and the State le-
duced to ordoi 7 have ordered Geneial Pope buck to north
Missoun, of which he is now in command.
1 am soiely picked tor want of arms. I have arianged
with Adams'^ Expte^P Company to bring me evciything with
speed, and wiil buy aims to-day in New York. Our tioops
have not been paid, and some regiments aie in a state ot
mutiny, and the men w hose term ot --ei vice i= expired gen-
eiallv ictuse toenh-t. I lo-t a fine reaimentlast nightiiom
inability to pay them a portion of the money due". This
i eminent had been intended to move on a critical pon la*t
night. The Treasurer of the United States has here $$300,000
entirelv unappiopnated. I applied to him \ esterday for
.<■100,000 for my Paymaster General Andrews, but was re-
fused. We have not an huui foi delay. There aie thiec
comsos open to me. One, to let the enemy possess him-
self of some of thcsti ongest points in the State, and threaten
St. Louis, winch is msuirectionary. Second, to foice a
loan from spcvmoii hank-, here. Thud, to iw the money
belonging to tiie Government, which is m the treasury here.
Of coin «e I will neither lose the State, or permit the enemy
a foot or advantage. I have nifu-ed energy and activity
into the depaitmcnt, and theie is a thorough good spirit in
ofhceis and men. This morning 1 will order the treasurer
to deliver the money in hi- possesion to General Andrews,
and will -end a force to the tiea.miy to take the money, and
w ill dneet such payments as the exigency requires. I will
liazaid everything for the defense ol the department. You
have confided to me, and 1 tiust to \uu for support.
With lespect and icgard, I am your.- tiuly,
J. C. FREMONT,
Major Geneial Commanding.
The President of the United States.
(By telegraph from Cairo.)
August 1} 1861.
To Major General Fremont, St. Louis:
The following information just received is, I believe, re-
liable. General Pillow was at New Madrid on the morn-
ing of the 31st, with eleven thousand troops well armed and
well drilled j two regimentsof cavalry splendidly equipped;
one battery of flying artillery, 10-poundcrs, and ten guns
manned and officered by foreigners; several mountain how-
itzers and other aitillery, amounting in all to one hundred.
Nine thousand more moving to reinforce. He has promised
Governoi Jackson to place twenty thousand men In Mis-
som i at once. I have a copy of his proclamation, and also
one of his written passes. C. C. MARSH,
G'oionel Commanding Camp Fremont*
Upon this day, August 1, General Fremont went
in person to reinforce Cairo,with what troops he
could gather, and with as much display as pos-
sible, in order to increase the apparent size of his
small force.
War Department, Washington, August 2,1861.
To General Fremont :
Since ordering the two batteries for you yesterday, it ap-
peals one company has no guns and the other is in West-
ern Virginia; neither can be withdrawn. The order is
countermanded. WINFIELD SCOTT.
(Telegram.)
Headquarters, City op Alton,
Cairo, August 3,1861.
Captain J. C. Kelton, Assistant Adjutant Gcn&al:
Order Colonel J. D. Stevenson's regiment to Holla forth-
with. Quartermaster's and commissary stores to follow.
Use utmost dispatch. J. C. FItfSMONT,
Major General Commanding,
t' —
(Telegiam.)
Headquarters, Citv or Alton,
Cairo, August 3, 1861.
Captain W. E. Prince,Commanding Fort Leavenwoith:
The Commanding General directs that Montgomery's
force join General Lyon's command at Spiingfield, Mis-
souri immediately. Send him this order bv express.
J. C.'KELTON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Cairo, August 4, 1861.
To Major General J. C. Fremont:
Infoimation last night of a large force at Bloomfield, re-
ported from eight (8) to tenthousaml, (10,000 ;) at Garrison
Mills, on Picket road, five hundred, (300 ;) at Castor MilN,
fivehundrcd, (500;) at Snong's Million Castor river, five
hundied, (500;) about five miles above Strong's Mills they
arc holding bccfcattlc. On August 1 and 0 thev bad orders
to cook four dayh' rations of bicad^ C. C. MARSH,
Colonel Twentieth Illinois Volunteers Commanding.
St. Louis, August 4, 1861.
Hon. Montgomery Blair, Washington City:
Yours of the 4th received to-day. See dispatch to Pres-
ident. I have made a loan from the banks here. §end
money, ft is a moment for the Government to put forth its
power. J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
(Via Jonesborough, received St. Louis 5th.)
Cape Girardeau, August 4,11 a. m.
To Major General Fremont
Thompson is advancing within sixteen miles of me. Am
fortifying the hill in tear of Mills's. Send me reinforce-
ments and ammunition. Express waiting for reply.
C. C. MARSH,
Colonel Twentieth Illinois Vol., Com'g*
(Via Jonesborough.)
Cape Girardeau, August 5, 9 p. m.
To Major General Fremont :
Enemy close on me ; over five thousand strong. Will be
attacked before morning; send me aid.
C. C. MARSH, Colonel.
Cairo, Augusts, 1861.
To Major General Fremont:
The following dispatch was just received:
Cape Girardeau, August 4,11 p. m.
General Prentiss : Enemy advancing within sixteen
miles of me; help me if you can. C. C. MARSH.
B. M. PRENTISS, Brigadier General.
(By telegraph from the Arsenal.)
August 5^ 1861.
To General Fremont, St. Louis:
There are now in theaisenal two thousand nine bundled
and thiity-thiee men, beside* Smith's six hundred and
thiru at the barracks. Smith's and Color's men do not
know the facings and marchings. Ought not Color to go to
tiie barracks, and should not the ofiiceis of tiie thirteenth
regulars be instructed to drill both regiments?
CHESTER HARDING, Jr.
Headquarters, W. D., St. Louis, August 3, 1P61.
To Captain Pkinci.,.Fori Leaienn-orth, Kansas :
1. Tiie commanding officer diieets that Colonel Mont-
gomeiy's force joins General Lyon's command, at Spring-
field, Missouii, immediately.
2. The force under Colonel Dodge, at Council Bluff, is
