1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
ordered to St. Joseph forthwith. On its arrival at that point
the commanding officer of the regiment will report to these
headquarters for orders. J. C. KELTON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Forward these orders with the utmost dispatch.
J. C. KELTON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
(By telegraph.)
Washington, August 5,1861.
To Major Genera! Fremont :
The President desires to know briefly the situation of
affairs in the region of Cairo. Please answer.
JOHN G. NICOLAY,
Private Secretary.
Headquarters W. D., St. Louis, August 6,1861.
To Colonel C. C. Marsh, Cape Giradeau :
I reinforce you this morning with a heavy battery of
twenty-lours and one regiment. Geneial Prentiss lem-
forces you from below. Keep me posted.
J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
Washington, August 6, 1861.
To Major General FrJsmont :
AH the troops are ordered out of New Mexico. The first
detachment will leave about the 15th. Volunteers re-
ceived in New Mexico are reported unreliable m defending
the latge amount of United States property theie. Those
stores cannot be moved East. There is danger ot their
falling into the hands of the Texans. Nevertheless, the
regulars must come away as oidered. At least two regi-
ments of volunteers, say from Kansas, should be sent with-
out delay to New Mexico, with a competent officer for the
immediate command of all the troops there. Confer with
the Governoi of Kansas, and arrange for the safety of New
Mexico as soon as possible. WiNFlELD SCOTT.
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, August 6, 1861.
Colonel : I send by special engine Mr. Kdwaid II. Cas-
tle, for any information you may have of General Lyon's
position. Mr. Castle will mfoun you what progress Colonel
Stevenson has made, who, with his regiment, is on his way
to Geneial Lyon's camp. Communicate tome through Mr.
Castle, who is instructed to return with any information
you may have—allot which you may safely intrust to linn.
Inclosed letters to be forwarded as immediately as pos-
sible to General Lyon. J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
To Colonel Wyman, Rolla.
(By telegraph from Cairo.)
Arsenal, August G, 1861.
To Chester Hording:
I have justoidered four companies with two six-pounders
on board steamer, to send. They are, no doubt, fighting
now. Hee geneial. It not countermanded, will hurry them
forward. Mar>h has called for help again. Enemy five
thousand and over. Citizens have left Cape Girauieau. An-
swer it I must send them. 1J. I\l. PRKNTISS,
Brigadier General.
Arsenal, August 6,1861.
To Major Genera! Fremont :
Pientivi tolegiaph* th.it hot fighting is no doubt going on
at Cape Girauieau, and that he has on boaid, ready to start,
four companies and two siY-pounders to go to his aid. lie
asksit he shall send them. Please answer liiin. Ought he
not to increase the reinforcements? Enemy five thou-aud
strong. CHESTER IJA11DING, Ji.
%_
Cairo, August 6, 1861.
To Major General Fri'mont :
Colonel McArthur, with six companies, and four field
pieces, left for CapeGn.irdeau .seven and a half, a. m. Will
hurry intreiichments at Bird's Point.
i{. M. PRENTISS, General Commanding.
Washington, August 6, 1861.
To Major General Fremont :
Ordeis have been sent Governor Morton to fonvaid five
regiments to your department. Hoffman's battery of ai-
tiiiery, from Cincinnati,have been ordered to irpoit to you
for orders. THOMAS A. SCOTT,
Acting Secretary oj War.
Headquarters, August 6,1861.
To Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, Cairo:
Heavy battery of six twerity-foui pounders and one
thousand men left at midnight iorGiraideau, under an ex-
perienced officer. J. C. FIlfiMONFT.
Major General Commanding.
Bikd's Point, August 8, 3861.
Major General Fremont:
The men want to go homo, and if detained much longer
the worst consequences may be feaied. Then time of ser-
vice expired yesterday. Piovulefor then return. They
are of little use in their present spii it. I wait \ om answer.
ROBERT ROMBAUER.
(Spccia! Orders, No. 39.)
Headquarters Western Dfpartment,
St. Louis, August 8, l^j.
The seventh legiment Missouri volunteeis. Colonel Ste-
venson. now at Uoll.t, v\ Hi immediately proceed to Spnnc-
field to join General Lyon's command.
By order of Major General Fremont.
J. C. KELTON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
(Telegram.)
Headquarters Western Departi*ent,
St. Louis, August 8, 1861.
[Extract.]
* * * * Captain Kelton will also order Col-
onel Stevenson, with his regiment, now halted at ltolla, to
go immediately forward and join General Lyon.
J. C. FKlSMONT,
Major General Commanding.
(Rough draft of a letter to Montgomery Blair.)
August 9, 1861.
[The letter as sent does not differ from this m any mate-
rial point. No copy of it is in General Fremont's posses-
sion.]
The greater part of the old troops, especially the foreign
element, is going out of service. The new levies are liter-
ally the rawest ever got together. They are reported by the
ofheers to be liteially, entirely, unacquainted with the rudi-
ments of military exeicises. To bring them face before the
enemy, in their present condition, would he a mere unman-
ageable mob. I can remedy this it I can be authorized by
the President and Secretary of War to collect throughout
the States instructed men who have seen service. With
them I could make a skeleton—meager—but still a frame-
woik on which to form the army. This authority ought to
be allowed, and the cost of transportation. Do not lose time,
but get it quick. I assure you it will require all we can do,
and do it m the best manner, to meet the enemy. I ought
to bo supplied hcie with tour oi five millions of dollais in
Tieasury notes, and the disbursing officers allowed to sell
them at the ruling discount.
All such equipments as f can procure abroad in much less
time than I could get them here, 1 ought to be allowed to
send for.
These are my suggestions. They are valuable. Prayact
upon them, and what you do, do quickly. It would sub-
serve the public interest if an officer weie directed to report
to me, to have command of the operations on the Missis-
sippi. Show this to the President. The contest in the Mis-
sissippi valley will be a severe one. We had best meet it in
the face at once, and by so doing we can rout them. Wiio
now bcrves the country quickly, serves it twice.
J. C. FREMONT.
Headquarters Western Department,
0 St. Louis, August 13, 1861.
Hon. Tiiomas A. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War:
Dispatch received. Our soidicm aie not promptly paid,
partly from small force of paymasters, more tioin want of
money, which fatally embarrasses eveiy bianch of the pub-
lic semce here. I require this week three millions for
quartermasters department. J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
The following dispatch was sent to Mr. J. T.
Howard, of NewYork, who, at General Fremont's
request, was endeavoring to procure certain arms
from the Union Defense Committee of that city:
St. Louis, August 13, 1861.
To J. T. Howard:
Dispatch received. Send the arms without fuither bar-
gaining, and also send your addret-s. Ship per Adams &
(Jo.** ta^t fieight, who collect here on delivery. Good men
are losing (hen lives, while the men whom they defend are
debating term*. Answer. J. C. FREMONT,
Major Geneial Commanding.
(Vol. 2, p. 79.)
Washington, September 14, 1861.
To Major General Fremont :
On consultation with the President and head of Depart-
ment, it was determined to call upon you for five thousand
well-armed infantry, to be sent here without a moment's
delay. Give them three days' cooked lations. This draft
from youi forces to be replaced by you from the States of
Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, &c. How many men have you
under arms in your district ? Please answer fully and im-
mediately. SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
(Vol. 2, p. 83.-)
Washington, September 14, 1861.
To Major General Fremont :
Detach five thousand infantry from youi department, to
come here without delay, and report the number of the
troops that will be left with you. The President dictates.
WINFIELD SCOTT.
(Vol 0, p 76 )
Headquartfrs Western Department,
St. Lolis, September 14, 1861.
To Colonel E. 1). Townsend,
Assistant Adjutant Geneial, Washington city :
I am pieparmg to obey the orders leeeived this evening
for the five legimcnts. J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
(Vol. 2, p. 82.)
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Loins, September 14, 1861.
To General Thomas, Adjutant General, Washington city •
I am piep.mng to obey the oideit- reeeived this evening
from the Sceietaiyat War for the five regiments. I also
send messenger. J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, September 1861.
Captain : The geneial directs me to say to you that Ma-
jor Farrar, late ot General Lyon's staff, states publicly m
the city that he came to these headquarters and applied for
reinforcements for General Lyon ; that the reinforcements '
weie refused, and that, from the manner of refusal, the in-
tention was to leave Geneial Lyon to his fate. What are
the facts in the case ?
Respectfully, J. H. EATON,
Major U. S. A. and M. S.
Captain J. C. Kelton, A. A. G.
To which Captain Kelton replied as follows:
September 21,1861.
Major: Your note was not read till this morning. I
have no recollection of Major Farrar bringing application for
reinforcements to Geneial Lyon. That eveiy effort was
made to send Geneial Lyon additional troops, after the ar-
rival of General Fiemont, I do know. It was found impos-
sible to do so, and keep open the raihoad communication
extending towaid Springfield, and at the same time to meet
the threatened advance upthe Mississippi. I do not know
anything of the manner in which the refusal to send rein-
forcements was made. I can only recall now Major Far-
rar in connection with his application to me for a pass over
the Pacific railroad for his hoises, which I declined after
the quartermastei had informed me it could not be author-
ized. If I had any conversation with Major Fmrar on the
subject to which your note alludes, it has e&capcd me en-
tirely.
Very respectfully, JNO. C. KELTON!
Late A. A. <?., Col. Ninth Reg. M. V,
The following is an extract from a statement
voluntarily drawn up and offered to General Fre-
mont, by Colonel Chester Harding, Assistant
Adjutant General to General Lyon:
Pacific, October 5, 1861.
* * * * Looking, then, to the position of
affairs m this State on the 26th July, 1861, it will he found
that Geneial Lyon was in the southwest in need of rein-
forcements. There was trouble in the northwest, requiring
more troops than weie there. In the northeast there were
no more troops than were required to peiform the task al-
lotted to them, while in the south and southeast theie was
a rebel army of sufficient force to endanger Bud's Point,
Cape Gnardeau, Ironton, Roiia, and St. Louis, and no ade-
quate piepaiation was made to meet it.
General Fiemont sent the eighth Missouri to Cape Girar-
deau, and the fourth United States reserve coips (whose
term of service was to expire on the 8th August) to rein-
force Bland at Ironton. lie took some of Geneial Pope's
foice from lum, added to it two battalions of the fiist and
second United States reserve corps, (whose term of service
was to expire im the 7th August,) equipped Buell's light
battery, and started about the 1st August for Bud's Point,
with the troops thus collected, being something less than
thirty-eight hundred men, and being also all the available
troops in this region, expecting to find an enemy not Jess
than twenty thousand strong.
Subsequent events showed that the rebel forcc was not
ova-estimated, and nothing but the reinforcements sent to
the points above named and tiie expeditions down the river
prevented its advance upon them. Common report gieatly
magnified these remfoi cements ; and it was generally be-
lieved in the city, and no doubt so reported to the rebel
leaders, that Fremont had moved some ten or twelve thou-
sand troops to the southeast, while, in fact, he did not have
ovei five thousand fivchundied to move, and was not strong
enough at any point to take the field and commence offens-
ive operations.
General Fremont was not inattentive to the situation of
General Lyon's column, and went so fai as to remove the
garrison of Boonvilie, in order to send him aid. Dining
the first days of August troops aruved in the city in large
numbeis. Neatly all of them were unarmed; all were with-
out tiansportation. Regiment after regiment laid for daya
in the city without any equipments, for the reason thatthe
arsenal was exhausted, and aims and accouterments had to
be biought from the East. From these men General Lyon
would have had reinforcements, although they weie wholly
unpracticed in the use of the musket, and knew nothing of
movements in the field ; but m the mean time the battle of
the 10th of August was fonaht.
CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,
Late A. A. G. upon the Staff of Bri%. Gen. Lyon.
Before Mr. Shaxks had concluded the above
remarks, his hour expired.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask that by unan-
imous consent my colleague may be permitted to
proceed. [Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope it will be given.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope he will be
allowed ample time.
By unanimous consent Mr. S. was allowed ten
minutes to conclude his speech.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Chairman", I do not propose
at this late hour of the evening to enter into any
discussion of the various topics that the speech of
the gentleman who has just taken his seat migiit
appropriately suggest, and I would not have risen
at this time at all but for the fact thdt the gentle-
man lias seen fit to allude to the conduct of agen-
tleman now in the service of the Government in
a disparaging manner, in justification of his leader
whom he has followed, ii'not to victory, at least
with devotion,
I do not rise to enter into any discussion with
reference to the merits or demerits of John C.
Fremont. I would sincerely thank any gentleman
i who would rise in this House and vindicate his
