2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a th,ir-d time; and being engrossed-, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table j and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
-The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jaeoft B. Blair,
George If. Browne, William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey,
Clements?, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Crittenden, Di-
ven, Dunlap, English, Franehot, Grider, Haight, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Hotmail, Horton, Johnson,William Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Killinger, Kuapp, Law, Lcary, Lehman, May,
Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Noeil, Odell, Price,
Richardson, Robinson, Segar, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Wheeler,
Wickliffe,and Woodruff—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley. Baker,
Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffiuton,
Campbell, Cluunbeilin, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Roscoe Conkling, Covode, Culler, Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fcssenden,
Fisher, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, GurJcy, Hooper,
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis-, Lovejoy,
McKnight, Mcpherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Pike,
Porter, Alexander fl. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edward
H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shella-
bnrger, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Vetree,
Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, Washbuine, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—72.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
tabic.
During the roll-call,
* Mr. RIDDLE stated that Mr. Hutchins had
paired off for the rest of the day with Mr. Allen.
Mr.MAL.LORY stated that he had paired upon
this question with Mr. Baxter.
Tho result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the bill was
passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend the title of
the bill by adding thereto the words, " and for
other purposes.''
The amendment was agreed to.
BOUNDARIES OF NEVADA.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of a bill to change the boundaries of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, reported heretofore from the Com-
mittee on Territories.
- Mr. ASHLEY. I move the previous question
on the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. ASHLEY. I will.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill, which I believe
affects the territorial limits of Nevada, has not
been submitted to the California delegation, and
consequently I have had no opportunity of know-
ing how it affects the boundary of California.
Mr. ASHLEY. It does not affect it at all.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will thegcntleman allow
me to offer tho same amendment to this bill that
I offered to the Arizona bill—a proviso that the
officers shall not receive their salaries until they
go into the Tciritory?
Mr. ASHLEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that this bill relates to an organized
Territory, and that the proposition is simply to
extend the eastern boundary some sixty miles.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am satisfied. I did not
understand the bill. I thought you had another
plantation organized into a Territory.
Mr. ASHLEY. I will state to the House that
the proposition is to extend the eastern boundary
of Nevada some sixty miles. The proposition
was submitted by the Delegate from Nevada, is
assented to by the Delegate from Utah, and is
unanimously reported by the Committee on Ter-
ritories. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and bein°*
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time*
and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed the bill of the House (No. 269) to es-
tablish a Department of Agriculture, with sundry
amendments; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committee for reports
relating to territorial business.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF UTAH.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported adversely upon a resolution for
a geological survey of the Territory of Utah;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
r STATE OF DESERET.
Mr. LOYEJOY, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on a memorial for the admission
of the Territory of Utah into the Union as the
State of Deseret; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
•PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. LOVEJOY also, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment to the title and
with the rccommcndation that it do pass, bill of
the House (No. 374) to render freedom national
and slavery sectional, and moved the previous
question upon its engrossment and third reading.
The bill was read. It provides that to the end
that freedom may be, and remain forever, the fun-
damental law of the land in all places whatsoever,
so far as it lies within the powers or depends
upon the action of the Government of the United
States to make itso, slavery and involuntary ser-
vitude, in all eases whatsoever, (other than in the
punishment of ciimc, whereof the paity shall have
been duly convicted,) shall henceforth cease, and
bo prohibited forever in all tho following places:
1. In all the Territories of the United States now
existing, or hereafter to be formed or acquired in
any way. 2. In all places purchased or to be pur-
chased by the United States, with the consent of
the Legislatures of the several States, for the erec-
tion of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and
other needful buildings. 3. In all vessels on the
high seas, and on all national highways, beyond
the territory and jurisdiction of each of the sev-
eral States from which or to which the said ves-
sels may be going. 4. In all places whatsoever
where the national Government is supreme, or
has exclusive jurisdiction or power.
The bill further provides that any person now
held, or attempted to be held hereafter, as a slave
in any of the places above named is hereby de-
clared to be free, and that the right to freedom
hereby declared may be asserted in any of the
courts of the United States or of the several States,
in behalf of the party, or his or her posterity, after
any lapse of time, upon the principle that a party
once free is always free.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the Chair and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] allow me
to propound a question to him?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has moved the previous question and the gentle-
man from Ohio lias moved to lay the bill upon the
table. Neither of those motions is debatable.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am not going to debate
the bill. I merely ask the House to allow me to
propound a question to the gentleman who has
introduced it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ask his
question if there is no objection. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, does the
gentleman from the State of Illinois know the fact
that in tho cession which was made by the State
of North Carolina to the United States of the ter-
ritory now constituting the States of Mississippi
and Alabama, the condition of that cession is ex-
press that Congress shall never pass any law to
interfere with the question of slavery in the said
territory? Has he looked to that cession ? Does
he propose by this bill to violate tluu cession ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, I demand the
previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
I understood the Speaker to state that this day,
by a special order of the House, was set aside
for business relating peculiarly to Territories. If
that be the case, is a bill like this in order, which
applies to other subjects and to other places ?
The SPEAKER. The bill applies to Terri-
tories; and if it contain other things, the Chair
cannot rule it out on that ground.
Mr. MALLORY. Docs that bring it within
the order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. MALLORY. If a Territory is alluded to,
everything else may come in.
The SPEAKER. The Territories are not merely
alluded to. The bill applies to all the Territories.
The Chair thinks it is in order.
Mr. MALLORY. The Chair overrules, I un-
derstand, my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed an act to authorize the appoint-
ment of medical storekeepers and chaplains of hos-
pitals, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
MILITARY POST IN COLORADO.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
reported, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a bill making appropriations for a military post in
the Territory of Colorado; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY AGAIN.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the bill on the table; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 50, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Geoige H. Browne, William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey,
Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Cuttenden, Dun-
lap, Dunn, English, Fisher, Giangei, Grider, Haight, Hall,
Harding, Holman, Hoiton, Johnson, William Kellogg,Ker-
rigan, Killingci, Knapp, Law, Lcary, May, Maynard, Men-
zies, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Odell. Puce, Richardson, Rob-
inson, Sheffield, Johu B. Steele, William G. Steele, Strat-
um, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, and Wick-
liffo—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baker,
Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair. Blake, Buflinton,
Campbell, Chambcilin, Colfax, Fiederiek A. Conkling,
Roscoe Conkling, Covode, Culler, Davis, Delano, Diven,
Duel!, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Frank,
Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley, Hale, Hickman, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, Mc-
Pheison, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Pike, Porter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Shellabatgtu, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Tiowbndge, Van Horn, Wallace, Charles W.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—64.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affiimative—yeas 63, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Joseph Baily, Biddle, Fiancis P. Blair,
Jacob B. Blan, George TI. Biowne, William G. Brown,
Calvert, Campbell, Casey, Clement*. Cobb, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Cravens, Cnsfield, Ciittunden, Delano, Diven, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Englii-h, Fisher, Granger, Grider, Hnight, Hall,
Harding, Holman. Hoiton, Kelley. William Kellogg, Ker-
rigan, Law, McKnight, McPheison, Mallory, Maynard,
Meuzies, Morut>, Nivon, Noble, Odell, Olin, Porter,Price,
Alexander II. Ricc, Kiclmrdson, Robmson, Sedgwick,
Sheffield, Shellabaiger, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Tiovvbridge, Ver-
ree, Wadsworth, Waid, Webster, Wickhffe, and Worces-
ter—6*3.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baker,
Bcaman, Bingham, fcfamuel S. Blau, Blake, Butfintun,
Cliamberhn, Colfax, Fiedeuck A. Conkling, Covode, Cut-
ler, Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessen-
den, Fiank, Hickman, Hoopei, Julian, Fiancis W. Kellogg,
Killmgci, Loomis, Lovejoy, Anson P. Monill, Jus-Un S,
Morrill, Pike, John II. Hire, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Satgent, Shank*, Steven*, Van Horn, Charles W. Walton,
Washbuine, Albeit S. White, Wilson, and Windom—45.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at twenty minutes past four o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
