1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2991
What will they say, if you argue to them as-it
has been argued here that we must be kind and
tender and conciliating with our southern neigh-
bors; that we must win them back by kindness;
and that the Constitution, which they have wan-
tonly violated and outraged, extends to these
rebels and traitors the same protection which, in
times of peace, it extended to the whole people of
the country? Why, sir, it would be an insult to
the understanding of the suffering, mourning peo-
ple represented by those honorable gentlemen. It
would be an insult to their humanity.
Mr. President, while the Senator from Illinois
strenuously opposes all bills confiscating the prop-
erty of rebelsasentirelyunconstitutional, I under-
stand that he admits that in time of war the rights
and powers oftheGovernmentare, and necessarily
must be, greatly enlarged from the necessities of
the case. "I understand him to admit that in times
of war, if the necessity exists, private property
may be taken and appropriated by the Govern-
ment without due process of law; that the coun-
try through which our Army passes may be laid
waste; that we may raze every house, burn every
blade of grass, and utterly devastate the country,
if the military necessity for such procedure ex-
ists; indeed, that we may free every slave and con-
fiscate the entire property of the enemy; but he
denies entirely that Congress has any power what-
ever to exercise any of these rights of war. These
powers, he claims, must be exercised by the Presi-
dent alone; and that neither the people themselves,
nor their representatives in Congress, have any
voice whatever in regulating or providing the way
and manner in which the war shall be conducted.
I understand him to declare that the power of Con-
gress is limited to raising and equipping armies,
and to providing money for the conduct of the war.
This being done, he contends that the representa-
tives ofthe people have no more voice or authority
in the matter, and that it would be an assumption
of power on their part if they should attempt to
inquire even as to the disposition which is being
made of the troops which have been raised and
the money which has been appropriated to carry
on the war. This vast power, he contends, rests
entirely in the arbitrary control of one man, and
Congress cannot direct, in the slightest manner,
as to the exercise of that high prerogative. The
money which the people have appropriated may
be squandered in fruitless and unwise campaigns,
our Army be employed in defending the property
of rebels, and in catching and returning runaway
slaves to their rebel masters; the property of reb-
els may be guarded by Union soldiers, while our
sick and wounded may be crowded upon the deck
of a narrow dirty schooner, as was the case at the
White House, with nothing but the dirty, brackish
water of the river to drink, while but a few rods
distant Union soldiers were guarding, with their
bayonets, the sparkling silver spring of a rebel
general; and yet the representatives of the people
have no right to complain of these things,and have
no power to provide against their recurrence in the
future !
Mr. President, I rejoice with exceeding joy that
these are not the views of the President of the
United States. I rejoice that the warm republic-
an heart of our worthy Chief Magistrate is closed
against any such despotic, monstrous doctrine as
this. We are not in doubt as to the views of the
President touching the authority of Congress in
exercising and carrying out the war powers ofthe
Government. He has placed himself upon the
record, not in favor of the obnoxious doctrines of
the Senator from Illinois, but in favor of the rights
and authority of Congress. He places himself, in
regard to the legitimate prerogative of Congress,
on the platform where every man who was ac-
quainted with him knew he would stand.
No man knows better than Mr. Lincoln that it
is not the peculiar province and duty of the Pres-
ident to defend the liberties ofthe American people;
and no man would feel more reluctant than he to
array himself against the representatives of the
people and the representatives of the States in
Congress assembled.
Sir, it is fortunate indeed that in this trying
hour we have a President who is content with the
exercise of his simple constitutional prerogatives.
With an army of half a million subject to his order,
and with untold millions of money at his disposal,
were he more ambitious and less honest than he
is, and did he entertain the views advocated by the
Senator from Illinois, as to the powers and pre-
rogatives of Congress, we should have a military
dictator at once, afid that would be an end of con-
stitutional liberty and of representative govern-
ment on this continent. But, sir, Mr. Lincoln
advocates no such doctrines; he has no such am-
bition. I said that he had placed himself upon the
record on the question of the right and power of
Congress to confiscate the property of rebels. On
the 6th of August last, Congress passed, as a war
measure, a law confiscating the property and set-
ting free the slaves of certain rebel masters, and
the President at once approved that act. Had he
entertained the sentiments of the Senator from
Illinois he would have returned that bill to the
House in which it originated, with a message de-
claring that Congress was usurping prerogatives
which were, by the Constitution, vested in the
President alone, and that it would be dangerpus
to the liberties of the people were he to permit
such an unwarrantable exercise of power on the
part of Congress. But, sir, Mr. Lincoln did no
such thing; he gave the measure his ready and
earnest support.
But, sir, this is not all. Not many weeks after
the approval of this act by the President, General
Fremont, then being in command of the Western
department, issued a proclamation broader in its
terms than the act of Congress, and which, I con-
fess, suited me much better than that act, because
it proclaimed freedom to all the slaves of rebel
masters, while the law of Congress was limited to
the slaves actually employed in the rebel army.
Well, sir, what was the course of the President
touching that proclamation ? I regret that he did
not entirely approve it, because, as I said, the
proclamation suited me better than the act of Con-
gress. But Mr. Lincoln modified that proclama-
tion, and he based his action entirely and solely
upon the fact that it did not conform to the law of
Congress upon that subject. This is ihe order:
Washington, D. C., September II, 1801.
Sir: Vour* oftha8th, mauswortonune ofthe 2d instant,
is just received. Assuming that you, upon the ground,
could hotter judge of the necessities of your position than
I could at this di&tuncc, on seeing your proclamation of
August 30th, I perceived no general objection to it.
The paitieular clause, however, in relation to the confis-
cation of propcity and the hbeiation of slaves, appeared to
me to be objectionable in its non-conformity to the act of
Congress, passed theGt^of last August, upon the same sub-
ject, and hence I wiote you, expressing my wish that the
clause should be modified accordingly.
Your answer, just received, expresses the preference on
your pait that I should make an open order for the modifi-
cation, which I very chcerfully do. It is therefoie ordered,
that the said clause of said ptoclamation be so modified,
held, and construed, as to confoim to and not to transcend
the provisions on the same subject contained in the act of
Congress entitled "An act to confiscate property u^cd for
insurrectionary purposes," approved August 6, 1861, and
that said act be published at length with this order.
Your obedient servant, A. LINCOLN.
Major Genera! John C. Frkmont.
The language of the order is: " that the said
clause of said proclamation be so modified, held,
and construed, as to conform to and not to trans-
cend the provisions of an act of Congress, enti-
tled 'An act to confiscate property used for insur-
rectionary purposes, approved August 6,1861.' "
What was President Lincoln about if the Senator
from Illinois is correct when he declares that Con-
gress has no constitutional right to confiscate the
property of rebels ?
Sir, Mr. Lincoln entertained no fears that Con-
gress would attempt to usurp the constitutional
prerogatives of the executive department of the
Government; but he did fear that the executive
officers might not always conform their action to
the strict letter of the law. He knew well that
the struggle had been long and severe to rescue
liberty from the grasp of executive power; and he
also knew that the safest and best rule was to fol-
low the strict letter of the law. Not so with the
Senator from Illinois. His great fear is that Con-
gress will pass some law confiscating the property
of rebels, and that by such unwarrantable assump-
tion of power,which belongs to thePresidentalone,1
the liberties of the people will be endangered!
In his speech in answer to the argument ofthe
Senator from Massachusetts, the Senator from
Illinois said, speaking of that Senator's position:
" I understand him to contend that Congress may exor-
cise powers to-day, because war exists, which it cannot
assert to-morrow ii peace ensues, and it is from this assum p-
tion of a shifting power that he deduces authority to Con-
gress to pass the hill under consideration. Iwishtodohim
no injustice, and therefore quote his own language. He
says:
"'There is not one ofthe rights of war which Congress
may not invoke. There is not a single weapon in its terri-
ble arsenal which Congress may not grasps
" And again:
"'But when claiming these powers for Congress, it must
not be forgotten that there is a limitation of tune with re-
gard to their exercise. Whatever is done against the rebels
in our character as belligerents under the rights of war,
must be done during war, and not after its closo.'
"That this is true when spoken of the Government I now
admit, and always have admitted; but that it is true when
spoken of Congress I utterly deny. < There is not one ofthe
rights of war which' the Government 'may not invoke.*
There are many which Congress dare not touch without be-
coming a usurper. And now f desire, in all kindness, and
with all possible respect, to ask the gentleman whether it
is his deliberate judgment as a lawyer and a Senator, that
Congress possesses attnbutes and may exercise powers in
the exigency of war which it does not possess and may not
exercise when peace and tranquillity overspread the land?
"Mr. Sumner. Does the Senator wish an answer?
"Mr. Browning. I have certainly no objection to an
answer.
"Mr. Sumner. I answer most clearly that Congress has
powers during war and against public enemies which it has
not during peace towards any citizens of the United States.
There are rights of war which belong to all nations, and the
United States is not without them. Those rights may all
be exercised through Congress, but they must be exerciscd
in the time of war. As right3 of war, they are limited to
war. There are penal statutes, statutes against tieason,
statutes for the punishment of rebellion, which may be en-
forced at any time, both in war and in peace ; butthe rights
of war grow out of war, and can be exercised only during
war."
I agree with these words of the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts; but according to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois it would be extremely
dangerous for these "shifting powers''to be lodged
in the hands of the immediate representatives of
the people, but it is all right and wise and constt- *
tutionai and consistent with liberty for the Presi-
dent to possess them, and to exercise them when-
ever he thinks proper so to do.
But, sir, the Senator again contends, that because
the command of the Army is lodged in the hands
of the President, therefore Congiess has no power
to make any law regulating the government of the
Army. While I shall not stop now to answer this,
in my judgment, absurd and monstrous proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, for it was fully and
clearly answered and refuted by the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] yesterday, 1 will con-
tent myself with entering my most solemn protest
against this abominable heresy. It is a doctrine
which, if permitted to become fixed as the policy
of the nation, wil^sweep away at once every prin-
cipleof constitutional liberty on this continent, and
with it every feature of representative govern-
ment. As a member of the Senate, I will never
give up the right of this body carefully to watch
over and defend every interest of the whole coun-
try, and to resist attacks, coming from whatever
quarter they may, which tend to remove the an-
cient landmarks of the Constitution.
Sir, if the Congress of the nation surrenders its
right to watch over and protect every interest of
the whole country; if it gives up its right to be
heard upon all great questions of public interest,
in the language of Mr. Webster "it is a repre-
sentative body no longer; it has broken the tics
between itself and its constituents, and henceforth
is fit only to be regarded as an inert, sclf-sacrificed
mass, from which all appropriate principle of
vitality has departed forever." When the people
of my State are upon " the tented field," neither
the Senator from Illinois nor the Senator from
Pennsylvania, nor any other power, can compel
me, as a Senator, to surrender the right which I
possess as a representative of a sovereign Stale
to demand that the troops which go forth from
Minnesota to maintain the honor and glory of the
nation, shall go forth under proper icgulations,
marked out and defined by a proper and well
defined law of the land.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois, in his
speech the other day, used this remarkable lan-
guage, speaking of the danger of legislative en-
croachment upon the other departments of the
Government: "thus boldly begun, wheic will it
end?" Sir, when was it boldly begun? At the
extra session of Congress, last summer, they be-
gun this system of usurpation, as it is denounced
by the Senator, in the passage of the confiscation
law, which Mr. Lincoln approved, and which he
required to be enforced to the letter. Is that a
usurpation of legislative power, when the Execu-
tive joins with the law-making power of the land
to enforce and carry out the strict letter of that
law? The Senator from Illinois said further:
" It is from the legislative department of the Government
that danger is to be apprehended, not the executive or ju
