1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5.
He also presented an address of the Legislative
Assembly of New Mexico to the citizens of that
Territory, in relation to the invasion of that Ter-
ritory by Texas troops; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WADg presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the abolition of slavery through-
out the country; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
KEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Cap-
tain John H. Aulick, United States Navy, pray-
ing that certain deductions which have been made
from his pay may be allowed him, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 14) to
place the name of Lieutenant Peter Turner upon
the active service list of the Navy, reported it
back with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed; which was agreed to.
. He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 88) to restore Lieu-
tenant M. B. Woolsey to the active service list of
the Navy, reported it back, with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE subsequently moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill to restore
Lieutenant 'Woolsey to the active service list of
the Navy was indefinitely postponed; and the
motion was entered.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution to print
three thousand copies of the Report on the Com-
mercial Relations, have instructed me to report it
back, with a recommendation that it pass, and also
to ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of the
secretary of state of the State of Kansas, com-
municating an act of the Legislature of that State,
providing for the taxation of the Wyandotte In-
dian lands, and requesting the concurrence of
Congress thereto, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 158) regulating the pay of officers
of the Navy, and for other purposes, to report it
back to the Senate with an amendment. 1 am also
directed to give notice that this bill will not be
called up for consideration until after the Senate
has acted on the bills regulating the pay of Con-
gress and the Army. The committee are unani-
mously of opinion that, while the present pay of
the Navy should be altered and this bill should be
adopted, it should notbedone until after Congress
itself has shown a disposition to sacrifice a little
to the necessity of the times. I will further say,
that the committee were not unanimous on all the
features of the bill, although I am directed to re-
port it back.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. Q42) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863.
and additional appropriations for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18G2, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1!)0) extending the laws now in force reg-
ulating tradeandintercourse with the Indian tribes
to the Indian reservations of California, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a letter of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, communicating copies of his accounts
with persons charged with disbursements for the
Indiansfor the year ending June 30,1861, reported
a motion that the same be printed, and
On motion of Mr. DOOL1TTLE, it was
Ordered, That it be lefeired to the Committee on Printing.
PAVERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
  Ordered, That the heir.> of Ahram Foot, the heirs of Noah
Warnner, the licit* of Thomas Stevens, the heirs of John
A. Iloppei,the hetisoi Garten A. Hopper, the heirs of Persis
Locke, and the heir* of AhiMtn Hopper, have leave to with-
diaw their petitions ami p.ipei.s from the hies of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 224)
granting pay, pensions, and bounty to the vol-
unteer officers and soldiers of Kentucky, from the
day of their enlistment, and also granting pay and
pensions to the home guards of said State for the
time they were actually engaged in the military
defense thereof; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 59) approving of the appointment of chaplains
to the Army hospitals, as made by the President
of the United States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DIXON asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 60) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
appoint a commission to inquire into forfeitures
incurred by contractors under that Department;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) in
relation to certain railroads in the State of Mis-
souri.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 279) to facilitate judicial
proceedings in adjudications upon captured prop-
erty and for the better administration of the law of
prize; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
1 HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives (No.
279) to facilitate judicial proceedings in adjudica-
tions upon captured property and for the better
administration of the law of prize, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
' MAILS TO PANAMA.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial from mer-
chants of the rity of Baltimore, who state that they
learn with regret that the present mail facilities
between this country and the west coast of South
America arc about to be discontinued; and in view
of the great loss and injury that will be sustained
by the country by the stoppage of mail facilities,
they pray Congress to authorize the proper ar-
rangements to guaranty to them the jf-afe transmis-
sion of their letters to and from Panama. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to make a re-
mark in relation to that memorial if it be in order
to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator makes his
remark, I will state that I have a bill which I pro-
pose to intioduce to-day.
Mr. LATHAM. I shall move to print your
bill, and on that motion say what I have to say.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 223) to provide for carrying the mails from
the United States to foreign ports; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that that bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and that it be printed. In making
this motion, I wish to make a statement to the
Senate. It is well known to this body, as well as
to the country, that for the past few months the
overland communication between the Pacific coast
and the Atlantic States has been almost entirely
interrupted in consequence of severe and unpre-
cedented floods. The valley of the Sacramento
has been visited with a flood almost unparalleled
in the history, I may say,of the world, certainly
of this country. Ihe same calamity has hap-
pened to Carson Valley, as well as to Salt Lake,
and the consequence has been that the daily over-
land mail established by Congiess during the last
Congress, has not been able to bring mail matter
through with as much expedition as could have
been desired. The result has been that the com-
mercial intercourse between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific States has been in a great degree interrupted,
and merchants having business with the Pacific
coast and South America have been compelled to
send their letters under Government envelopes by
the express companies, in order that they might
reach their place of destination in safety. The
petitions sent here by the citizens of different
cities, presented by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, would convey the idea that there
was a disposition on the part of general ship-
merchants not to carry mail matter for the Gov-
ernment when they were in the receipt of the
ordinary postage given them by law. Such, how-
ever, is not the case.
The lines of steamships plying between New
York city and Aspinwall, and between Panama
and San Francisco, for the first time in the history
of the Government, have determined not to carry
either the dispatches of the Government sent to
its own officers on the South American coast, or
to oblige the mercantile community by taking
under Government envelopes, through the express
companies, letters which relate to their business;
and it is to guard against an outrage of this kind
that this bill is proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I intend to oner it as an amendment,
if I can get the sanction of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads of this body, to the
Post Office appropriation bill, so that, if possible,
this evil may be corrected.
I say, sir, it is an outrage for these vessels, ply-
ing under the protection of the American flag, to
refuse to the Government of the United States, and
to the commercial interests of this country, the
simple privilege of sending, so long as the Gov-
ernment is not deprived of its revenue, their com-
munications upon their ships.
Mr.COLLAMER. And paying them for it.
Mr. LATHAM. And also paying them for it.
Why, sir, the very companies who refuse to carry
these dispatches, have received over ten millions
of dollars from the Government of the United
States for carrying our mail matter. For ten years
we paid them over nine hundred thousand dollars
a year; and now when they find this great calam-
ity of floods happening to our country, causing a
loss of life and of millions of property, they think
it is a fit opportunity to put their iron heel on the
Government, in order to force a mail contract
from the United States whether it approves or not.
I say, sir, that it is an outrage which the Govern-
ment of the United States should rebuke at once
by passing a law that these vessels shall not be
allowed to clear from the ports of the country, an<t
receive the protection of our flag, unless they are
willing to adapt themselves to our wants and
necessities.
I have felt it proper, as a representative from
the Pacific coast, to make this statement. I shall
have more to say upon the subject when the bill
comes up for legitimate consideration. I move
that it bo printed and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, some time ago, reported a joint
resolution, in pursuance of a resolution of inquiry
on the subject, referred to that committee, propos-
ing a transfer of the superintendcncy of the Cap-
.itol extension from the War to the Interior De-
partment. I should like to make a few words of
explanation in connection with that resolution. I
move to postpone all prior orders and proceed to
its consideration. It will occupy but little time.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 50) transferring the supervision of
the Capitol extension, and the erection of the new
dome, to the Department of the Interior, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The resolution transfers the su-
pervision of the Capitol extension and the erection
of the new dome from the War Department to
the Department of the Interior, and directs that
all unexpended money which has been heretofore
appropriated, and all money which may be here-
after appropriated for either of those improve-
ments, shall be expended under the direction and
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, a very brief state-
ment of facts is all that I shall attempt at this time,
and which, I think, will be sufficient to satisfy the
Senate of the importance, and even of the neces-
