THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 1, 1862.
New Series No. !
tliink so. Why, sir, any man, who understands
the great fundamental principle which underlies
all republican government, knows that to follow
the will and consult the wish of the people upion
■whom we wish to operate is the true rule which
ought to guide the legislator to the end he desires.
Mr. SUMNER rose.
Mr. COWAN. One minute, if the Senator
f leases. I will give him an opportunity presently,
do not wish to break the thread of my argument
now.
That, I think, is the fundamental mistake into
which some of our friends have fallen. It is not
the question whether that people are of our opin-
ion or w'hether they are not. It is not the ques-
tion whether they believe the same things we do,
or whether they do not. The question is, what
do they believe in this contingency ? If the people
of those border States are of opinion that these
measures of confiscation, emancipation, and all
others that have been started here are calculated
to multiply our enemies in those States and in the
States furthersouth,then I sayitis our business,
it is our duty, to listen to their counsels, to take
heed of their admonitions, and not insist upon our
peculiar notions or the peculiar notions "of our
people upon that subject; and if we do not do so
we may regret when it is too late that our self-
opinionated obstinacy has cost us our country,
and lost us that which above all things we most
desired to save.
Mr. President, I represent Pennsylvania, and
when the interests of Pennsylvania are intimately
concerned, and when her people are to be affected
by a measure, and they have an opportunity to
know their true position in regard to it, I bow
humbly to their will; but when the question arises
as to what will be the practical operation of a law
in Kentucky, then, sir, I take the opinion of the
people of Kentucky; I am guided by their will and
their wish; and why ? Because they know a great
deal more about it and are bound to know it far
more correctly than the people of Pennsylvania
are. I would resist, to' the death, here and every-
where, if Senators from Kentucky or Maryland
should undertake to dictate to me against the wish
and the will of the people of Pennsylvania, or un-
dertake to passa measure through this body which
was hateful to my people. While 1 claim for my-
self the right to determine as to what is best for
them, or what they want, I am perfectly free and
willing to accord to the representatives of the peo-
ple of all other States the right to determine the
will of their people. Nor am I asserting too much,
I think, when 1 say that it is only by observing
that rule that the Union can be preserved. When
the measure is to affect all, let all be consulted,
•when it is partial and to affect only a part, then
let that part be consulted, and, if possible, grati
fied. Let the rule be violated by imposing obnox
ious laws upon any given locality and we cannot
expect its people to be loyal in return for our in-
justice.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill, as I understand it,
founded on the war powers, is to operate in the
rebel States. The rebel States are not represented
here. There are no persons here to speak for them.
The Senator says that he wishes to follow their
will. The will of the rebel States? Of the people
of the rebel States ? It seems to me the Senator errs
when he says he is, as a Senator, to carry out the
will of the people of the rebel States. I take it that
it is our duty to put down the rebel people in the
rebel States; and so far as we can obtain informa-
tion with regard to opinions there, I believe it all
tends to show that only through these agencies
and instrumentalities can that rebel people be put
down.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have said noth-
ing about the opinion of the rebel people in the
rebel States. I have no respect whatever for the
opinion of the true rebels of any State, whether
they exist North or South; but what I want to get
at is the true opinion of the loyal people of the
slave States; because, after all, that is the line of
distinetionwhichisdrawnbetween the twoclasses
of States. There are buttwo kinds of States: free
188
States and slave States. Some of the slave States
are in rebellion; some of the people of the slave
States are involved in this rebellion; and the ques-
tion is, how shall we put it down ? There is a cer-
tain school here who decide that it shall be put
down by main force, and by an utter disregard of
the will of the whole people of the slave States,
and measures are introduced here day after day
and insisted upon by that school which are utterly
obnoxious and distasteful to every member who
comes here from the slave States. Now, sir, is
that wise? As I asked before, is that injuring out-
friends, or is it injuring our enemies ? The only
men in the world from whom we can get a rational
answer to the quesLion is from the border State
men. What do they say ? They stand here as
a unit on this floor, and they protest against these
measures and beg us to desist. All that I ask for
them in joining with them is fair dealing. Sup-
pose the rebellion were prevailing in the North,
in the free States, and the southern people were
endeavoring to suppress it, and we were here as
loyal men from the North, what would we think
if they persisted in attempting to resort to meas-
ures which we on our part protested against from
the beginning to the end?
Mr. President, I am willing to go home to Penn-
sylvania to stand over the graves of her fallen
children, whether they would be yet fresh, or
whether the grass has yet grown upon them, and
I am willing to lay my hand upon my heart, and
meet the question whether I have done what was
my duty in endeavoring to suppress this rebellion.
I came here with the firm conviction that it was
the duty as well as the policy of the Republican
party, the majority upon this floor, to take by the
hand every loyal man who came from a southern
State, to forget any differences that we mighthave
had before upon the territorial question of slavery,
(which was really settled by the election of Mr.
Lincoln to the Presidency,) to let that all be past
and bygone, and all, unitedly as brothers, stand
together shoulder to shoulder, in order to suppress
this rebellion. Could we have done this earnestly
and heartily, confining our legislation solely to
such laws as were necessary to raise and support
our armies in the field, we should, in my judg-
ment, have saved life and treasure, and we should
have been nearer the end than we are to-day. But
what has been the course of the school to which
I have alluded? Why, sir, hardly a day has
elapsed here that some measure was not intro-
duced relating to slavery, and which was calcu-
lated to irritate, to wound, and to alienate those
loyal and willing friends from us. How is it now?
The gulf which separates the loyal men from the
border States and the ultra school of the Repub-
lican party, is nearly as wide on this floor as that
which separated the secessionists and the Repub-
licans of former times. Mr. President, is that
the way to suppress the rebellion ? Never, never.
Do the Senators from the slave States say you
are making friends for them by your projects of
emancipation and confiscation, and all that kind
of thing ? They will tell you, and have told you,
one and all, that instead of so doing you are weak-
ening them at home, and multiplying enemies
against the Republic. Let the Senator from Mi
nesota go home and count his dead—and he has
not one for every twenty that I have—and let hjm
ask himself whether this unrelenting bitterness
towards a whole people because they happen to
live in slave States, whether this fierce denuncia-
tion of that whole people at all times, and upon
all occasions, without regard to their loyalty or
disloyalty, whether the measures insisted upon
here daily, and which were obnoxious to them,
whether all that can be reconciled with an honest
and sincere desire to put down this rebellion ?^ I
hope he may be satisfied with his answer; but if I
were in his case, thinking as I do, I could not.
Mr. President, there is another and a great mis-
chief resulting from such measures, and the angry
and exciting debates which are made upon them
These go out among the people to excite and in
flame them, so that they are not always in a fit
temper to judge of the propriety of that which is
best to be done in troublous times like these. It
often happens, too, that the more violent and dan-
gerous the counsel, the more likely it is to find
favor, especially if those who offer itare also rash
enough to denounce everybody who differ from
them as really opposed to everything salutary. I
lament this, because I think we cannot succeed in
restoring the country to peace unless we consider
our true position in a different temper. We must
not confound zeal with wisdom, nor forget that
great heat by no means qualifies any to give good
advice. What we need now is cool, calm con-
sideration on the part of all, with a proper sense
of our great responsibilities.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota has
said, and I have no doubt honestly said, that he is
willing to take into our councils the loyal men
from the slave States. But, Mr. President, look
at the record of this Senate, and you will find that
upon almost every occasion, I may say every oc-
casion, when there was a question as to the best
method of dealing with the people who are in re-
bellion, and of which, as I said before, these border
State men have a better right to know than we
have, all of them will be found unanimously voting
against the projects which are supposed by the
Senator and his school to be so potent in putting
down this rebellion. How is that to be explained
except upon the hypothesis that the Senator will
not take counsel of them? I think, too, that it
shows, if anything can show, the impolicy—nay,
I had almost used a harsher term—of all such
measures. For my part, sir, I hardly ever think
of one of them which is calculate^ to run counter
to the will of the southern people, and to contra-
vene their fixed beliefs, but I see before me, in my
mind's eye, the dead fiom the ranks of country-
men falling because of the introduction of such
measures. Now, instead of such a course, which
alienates our friends, encourages our enemies by
making them more desperate, I would conciliate
every man who is loyal and who is not a tiaitor
in the actual legal sense of the word. I would
conciliate every faan who, if he had not been over-
awed and dragooned into the rebellion, would have
remained as he was before, a loyal citizen of the
United States. Sir, if you give me to-day all of
such men, and I think in all honesty and sincerity
I will have ninety-six out of every hundred all
over the rebel States everywhere. Those are the
men whom I wish to make friends with us; not
rebels, not traitors, for whom I propose even a
severer punishment than I have heard hinted at
from the other side. I propose to take the actual
rebel, the actual' traitor, the man who fomented
this rebellion and who got it up, and try him by
thelaw, and inflict the highest punishment known
tothelawupon him. Iwould go further than any
bill before tl^Senate yet has gone, unless it be
the one I offered myself. I would go further to
forfeit his property, or at least as far as anybody
has offered to do according to methods known to
the law; but I will not lend myself to schemes
which are of no value as against the rebels, while
they are a source of scandal and mortification to
our friends.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the Senator
a question. He has said in his speech that ho
wished to conciliate the Union men of the South.
1 wish to ask him whether the bill which has
passed the House, and is now before us,provides
for taxing or punishing in any wise the Union
men of the southern States? Is it not confined
in its application strictly to rebels and traitors?
Mr. COWAN. I suppose it is; but the objec-
tion that I have to it I stated at large yesterday:
that it can have no practical operation upon the
persons on whom it is intended to operate; it puts
nothing into the Treasury, and it violates a fun-
damental principle of our law, even if it did, in
this: that it does not allow to the person charged
with the offense and whom it proposes to punish,
that trial to which every American citizen is en-
titled at all times, whether the country is at war,
or whether it is not at war, and when he is to be
punished for having violated his allegiance.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have the misfortune to
