1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
counselors, in whose truth I trusted, I feel thatno
sense of private loss should find expression when
a nation suffers. I may say here, however, that,
while for the loss of these two great Senators a
nation suffers, the far country from whence I come
feels the sufferings of a double loss. They were
both soldiers and champions of the West—of our
new and undeveloped possessions. A few months
since, the people of the Pacific, from the sea of
Cortez to the straits of Fuca, mourned for Doug-
las: the same people now mourn for Baker. The
two Senators were widely different men, molded
in widely different forms, and they walked in
widely diffcren t paths; but the tread of their hearts
kept time, and they each sought a common goal,
only by different paths.
The record of the honorable birth, brilliant life,
and heroic death of the late Edward Dickinson
Baker has been already made by a thousand elo-
quent pens. That record has been read in cabin
and in hall, from Maine to farthest Oregon. I
offer now but to poy to his ® emory the tribute of
my love and praise. While paying this tribute
with a proud sadness, I trust its value will not be
diminished, when I state that for many years, and
until the recent demands of patriotismextinguished
controversial differences, we were almostconstant
adversaries in the forum and at the bar.
A great writer, in undertaking to describe one
of the greatest of men, said: " Know that there is
not one of you who is aware of his real nature."
I think that, with all due respect, I might say of
the late Senator the same thing to this Senate, as
I am compelled to say it to myself. Of all the
men I have ever known, he was the most difficult
to comprehend.
He was a many-sided man. Will, mind, power
radiated from one center within him, in all direc-
tions; and while the makingof thatcircle,which,
accordingto the dreams of old philosophy, would
constitute a perfect being, is not within human
hope; he may be regarded as one who at least
illustrated the thought.
His great powers cannot be attributed to the
work of laborious years. They were not his
achievements. They were gifts, God-given. His
sensations, memory, thought, and action went
hand in hand together, with a velocity and power
which, if not always exciting admiration, com-
pelled astonishment.
Although learned, the late Senator was not
what is called a scholar. He was too full of stir-
ring life, to labor among the moldy records of
dead ages; and had he not been, the wilderness
of the West furnished no field for the exercise of
mere scholarly accomplishments. f
I say the late Senator was learned. He was
skilled in metaphysics, logic, and law. He might
be called a master of history, and of all the liter-
ature of our own language. He knew much of
music—not only music as it gives present pleas-
ure to the ear, but music in the sense in which it
was understood by the old seekers after wisdom,
who held that in harmonious sounds rested some
of the great secrets of the infinite.
Poetry he inhaled and expressed. Theadflatus
called divine breathed about him. Many years
since, on the then wild plains of the West, m the
middle ofastar-lit night, as wcjourneyed together,
I heard first from him the chant of that noble
song, "The Battle of Ivry." Two of its stanzas
impressed me then, and there are other reasons
why they impress me now:
u The King has comc to marshal us. in all hid armor client:
And lie has bound a snow-white plume upon his gallant
cios-t;
He looked upon iiis people, and a tear was in his eye ;
He looked upon the traitors, and his glance was stem and
high:
ltightgraeiously he smiled on us, as ran from wing to wing,
Down all our line, adca.iVnmg&hout, 'God save our Lord
the Kuiii"
And if my standard-bearer fall, and fall full well he may,
For never ?aw 1 promise yet ot fiieh a bloody fray,
Pie s wheie ye see my white plume shines', amidst the
ranks of war,
And be your ouilamme to-day, the helmet of Navarre.
" Ilimah 1 the foes arc moving; haik to the mingled din
Of fife, and steed, and turnip, and tlnim, and roaung
culverin.
The fieiy Duke is pricking fast acioss Saint Andres
plain,
With all the hhelingchivalivof Gueldres and Almagne:
'Now by the lips of those ye love, lair gentlemen of
France,
Charge ! for the goldei lilies : now upon them with the
lance!'
A thousand spurs are striking deep, a thousand spears
in rest,
A thousand knights are pressing close behind the snow-
white crest;
And in they burst, and on they rushed, while, like a
guiding star,
Amidst the thickest carnage blazed the helmet of Na-
varre."
It was the poetry which embodies the life of
great and chivalrous action which moved him
most, and he possessed the power to create it.
He was an orator—not an orator trained to the
model of the Greek or Roman school, but one far
better suited to our age and people. He was a
master of dialectics, and possessed a skill and
power in words which would have confounded the
rhetoric of Gorgias, and demanded of the great
master of dialectics himself, the exact use of all
his materials of wordy warfare.
He was deeply versed in all that belongs to the
relations and conduct of all forms of societies,
from families to States, and the laws which have
and do govern them.
He was not a man of authorities, simply because
he used authorities only as the rounds whereby
to ascend to principles.
Having learned much, he was a remarkable
master of all he knew, whether it was to analyze,
generalize, or combine his vast materials.
11 was true of h i m, as it is true ofmost remarkable
minds, that he did not always appear to be all he
was. The occasion made the measure of the exhi-
bition of his strength. When the occasion chal-
lenged the effort, he could discourse as cunningly
as the sage of Ithaca and as wisely as the king of
Pylus.
He was a soldier. He was a leader; " a man
of war," fit, like the Tachmonite, " to sit in the
seat, chief among the captains.'5 Like all men
who possess hero blood, he loved fame, glory,
honorable renown. He thirsted for it with an
ardent thirst, as did Cicero and Ccesar; and what
was that nectar in which the gods delighted on
high Olympus but the wine of praise for great
deeds accomplished? Would that he might have
lived, so that his great sacrifice might have been
offered, and his great soul have gone up from some
great victorious field, his lips bathed with the
nectar that he loved.
None ever felt more than he—
" Since all must life resign,
Those sweet delights that decorate the brave
'Tis folly to decline,
And hteal inglonous to the silent grave."
But it was something more than the fierce thirst
for glory that carried the late Senator to the field
of sacrifice. No one felt more than he the majes-
tic dignity of the great cause for which our nation
now makes war. He loved freedom; ifyou please
Anglo-Saxon freedom; for he was of that great
old race. He loved this land, this whole land.
He had done much to conquerit from the wilder-
j ness; andby his own acts he had made it his
land.
Hero blood is patriot blood. When he wit-
nessed the storm of anarchy with which the mad-
ness of depraved ambition sought to overwhelm
the land of his choice and love, when he heard the
battle-call,
" Lay down the ax, fling by the spade,
Leave in its track the toiling piow;
The lifle and the bayonet blade,
For arms like youisarc titter now :
And let the hands* that ply the pen,
Quit the light task, ami learn to wield
The horseman's crooked biand, and lein
The chaiger on the battle-field.
" Out country calls; away! away!
To where the blood-streams blot the green ; '
Strike to defend the gentlest sway
That time in all its course has seen."
It was in the spirit of the patriot hero that the
gallant soldier, the grave Senator, the white-haired
man of counsel, yet full of youth as full of years,
gave answer, as docs the war horse, to the trum-
' pet's sound.
The wisdom of his conduct has been ques-
tioned. Many have thought that he should have
lemamcdfor counsel in this hall. Mr.President,
the propriety of a Senator taking upon himself
the duties of a soldier, depends, like many other
things,on circumstances; and certainly such con-
duct has the sanction of the example of great
! names.
j Socrates—who was not of the councils of Athens
• simply because he deemed his office as a teacher
i of wisdom a higher and nobler one—did not tlunk
it unworthy of himself to serve asa cQmrooa.soJ-
dier in battle; and when Plato seeks best to de-?
scribe, and most to dignify, his great master,
causes Alcibiades, atnong other things,,t© say of
him: r •,
" T ought not to omit what Socrates was in battle; for in
that battle after which the generals decreed to me tjie prlze
of courage, Socrates alone,%of all men, was the saviour of
my 1 ife, standing by me when I lad fallen ariii was wounded/
and preserving both inyself and my arm's from the hands
of the enemy. But to see Socrates when our army was
defeated and scattered in flight at Delias was a spectacle
worthy to behold. On that occasion i was among the" cav-
ahy, and he on foot heavily armed. After the total rout of
our troops he and Laches retreated together. T came up.
by chance; and seeing them, bade them be of good cheer,
for that 1 would not leave them. As 1 was on horsebapk,'
and therefore less oeeu pied by a regard of my own situation,
I could better observe than at Potidcea the beautiful spec-
tacle exhibited by Socrates on this emergency." * '*
* * " He walked and daru-d his reg.nds around with
a majestic composure, looking tranquilly both on his friends
and enemies; so that it was evident toevery one, even from
afar, that whoevei should venture to attack him would
eneountcr a desperate resistance. lie and his companion
thus departed m safely ; for those who are scattered in
flight are pursued and killed, whilst men hesitate to touch
those who exhibit such a countenance as that of Socrates,
even in defeat."
This is the picture of a sage painted by a sage;
and why may not great wisdom be the strongest
element of a great war?
In the days when the States of Greece were
free, when Rome was free, when Venice was free,
who but their great statesmen, counselors, and
senators led their armies to victorious battle? In
the best days of all the great and free states, civil
place and distinction were never held inconsistent
with military authority and conduct. So far from
it, all history teachcs the fact that those who have
proved themselves most competent to direct and
administer the affairs of government, in times of
peace, were not only trusted, but were best trusted
with the conduct of armies in times of war.
In these teachings of history there may be some
lessons we have yet to learn; and that we have
such lessons to learn I know was {.he strong con-
viction of the late Senator.
It is with no sense of satisfaction that I feel it
my duty to say that I have been led to the opin-
ion that there is much soundness in the opinion
he entertained.
It is but a brief time since the late Senator was
among us, maintaining our country's cause, with
wise counsel, clothcd in eloquent words. When,
in August last, his duties here as a Senator for
the time ceased, he devoted himself exclusively
to the duties of a soldier. Occupying a subor-
dinate position, commanded where he was most
fit to command, he received his orders. He saw
and knew the nature of the enterprise he was re-
quired to undertake; he saw and knew that he was
required to move underneath the shadow of the
wings of Azrael. He did not, he would not, ques-
tion the requirement made of him. His motto on
that day was: "A good heart and no hope."
He knew, as was known at Bnlaklava, that some
one had blundered; yet he said: " Forward, my
brigade, although some one has blundered."
Was this reckless rashness? No !
U may be called sacrifice, self-sacrifice; but I
who know the man who was the late Senator—the
calm, sclf-posscsscd pcrfcctncss of his valor, and
who have studied all the details of the field of his
last offering with a sad earnestness,say to you,sir,
to this Senate, to the country, and particularly to
the people of the land of the West, where most and
best he is known and loved, that no rash, reckless
regardlessness of danger can be attributed to him.
It is but just to say of him that his conduct sprung
from a stern, hero, patriot, martyr spirit, that en-
abled him to dare, unflinchingly, with a smile to
the green earth, and a smile to the bright heavens,
and a cheer to his brave companions, ascend the
altar of sacrifice.
A poet of the middle ages, speaking of Carthage
as then a dead city, the grave of which was
scarcely discernible, says:
11 For cities die, kingdoms die j a little sand and grass
cover all that was onee lofty in them, and glonous; and
yet man, for&ooth, disdains that he is mortal! Oh, mind
of ours, moulinate and proud!"
It is true cities and kingdoms die, but the eter-
nal thought lives on. Great thought, incorporate
with great action,does not die, butlives a univer-
sal life, and its power is felt vibrating through all
spirit and throughout all tho ages.
I doubt whether or not we should mourn fox
any of the dead. I am confident that there should
