THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
be no mourning for those who render themselves
up as sacrifices in any great, just, ana holy cause.
It better becomes us to. praise and dignify tliem.
Itwas the faith of an ancientpeoplethat the souls
of heroes did not rest until their great deeds had
been hymned by bards, to the sounds of martial
music. , ,■- _ .
Bards worthy of the ancient time have hymned
the praise of the great citizen, Senator, and soldier
who has left us. They have showered on his
memory
" Those leaves, which for the eternal few
Who wander o'er the paradise of fame,
In sacred dedication ever grew."
I would that I were able to add a single leaf to
the eternal amaranth.
In long future years, when our night of horror
shall have passed, and there shall have come
again
"Tile welcome morning with its rays of peace,"
young seekers after fame and young lovers of
freedom, throughout all this land, yea, and other
and distant lands, will recognize, honor, and im-
itate our late associate as one of the undying dead.
Mr. President, I second the resolutions of the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, on taking
ray seat in the Senate at its special session, in
July last, my first active participation in its busi-
ness was on the occasion of the proceedings com-
memorativcofthe death of Hon. Stephen A. Doug-
las, my immediate predecessor; and now, sir, at
the commencement of this my second session, it
becomes my melancholy duty to bear a part in
the ceremonies in honor of another who had been
longer a citizen of the State of Illinois, whose
memory is not less dear to the hearts of her peo-
ple, and whose tragical and untimely death has
shrouded the State in mouiliing.
Hon. Edward D. Baker w'as, and had ever
been, my personal and political friend,and,from
earliest manho'od, the relations between us had
been of the closest and most confidential char-
acter that friendship allows, and there are but few
whose death would have left so large a void in my
affections.
Something my junior in years, he was my sen-
ior in the profession to which we both belonged,
and, commencing our professional career in the
same State, and very near the same time, traveling
much upon the same circuit,and belonging to the
same political party, a friendship grew up which
was cemented and strengthened by time, and con-
tinued from our first acquaintance, amid the col-
lisions of the bar and the rivalries of polities,
without ever having sustained a shock or an in-
terruption oven fora moment; and I owe it to the
memoiies of the past, and to the relations which
subsisted between us whilst lie lived, to offer some
poor tribute to his worth now that he is dead.
Few men who have risen to positions of great
distinction and usefulness, and left the impress of
their lives upon their country's history, have
been less indebted to the circumstances of birth
and fortune. He inherited neither ancestral wealth
nor honors; but whatever of either he attained
was the reward of his own energy and talents.
Ho was, very literally, the "architect of his own
fortunes."
Commencing the practice of law before he had
reached the full maturity of manhood, and in
what was then a border State, butamong lawyers
whose talents and learning shed luster upon the
profession to which they belonged, without the
patronage of wealth or power, he soon made his
way to the front rank of the bar, and maintained
his position there to the hour of his death.
But he did not confine himself exclusively to
professional pursuits, and to the care of his own
private affairs. He was a man of rare endow-
ments, and of such fitness and aptitude for public
employments as were sure toattract publicatten-
tion. He could not, if he would, have made his
way through life along its quiet, peaceful, and
secluded walks; and it does him 110 discredit to
say that he would not, if he could.
He was too fully in sympathy with his kind to
be indifferent to anything which affected their
welfare, and too heroic in character to remain a
passive spectatorof great and stirringevents. He
was eminently a man of action; and although
fond of literature and science and art, and pos-
sessed of a refined and cultivated taste, he yet
loved the sterner conflicts of life more than the
quiet conquests of the cioset; and whilst a citizen
of Illinois, served her both as soldier and civilian,
and won distinction wherever he acted. He had
elasticity, strength, versatility, and fervor of in-
tellect, and a mind full of resources.
His talents were both varied and brilliant, and
capable of great achievements; but their useful-
ness was, perhaps, somewhat impaired by a pecu-
liarity of physical organization which made him
one of the most restless of men, and incapable of
the close, steady , and persevering mental applica-
tion without which great results cannot often be
attained. It was not fickleness or unsteadiness
of purpose, but a proud and impatient spurning
of restraint, contempt for the beaten track of men-
tal processes, and disgust with the dullness and
weariness of confinement and inaction. But this
defect was, to a very great extent, compensated
by the wonderful ease and rapidity with which he
could master any subject upon which he chose to
concentrate the powers of his mind—by the mar-
velous facility with which he acquired kno wledge,
and the felicity with which he could use it.
Whatever he could do at all he could do at once,
and up to the full measure of his capacity. What-
ever he could comprehend at all he comprehended
with the quickness of intuition, and gained but
little afterwards by investigation and elaboration.
He did not reach intellectual results as other men
do, by the slow processes of analysis or induc-
tion, but if he could reach them at all he could do
it at a bound. And yet it was not jumping at
conclusions, for he could always state with almost
mathematical clearness and precision the premises
from which ho made his deductions, and guide
you along the same path he had traveled to the
same goal. He saw at a glance all the material,
and all the relations of the material, which he
intended to use, to the subject in hand, but which
another would have caiefully and laboriously to
search out and collect to be enabled to see at all,
and diligently to collate before understanding its
uses and relations.
To a greater extent than most men, he com-
bined the force and severity of logic with grace,
fancy, and eloquence, filling at the bar at the same
time the character of the astute and profound law-
yer, and the able, eloquent, and successful advo-
cate; whilst in the Senate the wise, prudent, and
discreet statesman was combined with the chaste,
classical, brilliant, and persuasive orator.
But with all his aptitude for, and adaptation to
the highest and noblest pursuits of the civilian,
he had .1 natural taste, talent, and fondness for
the life of the soldier. There was something in
the bugle-blastof war and the cannon's roar which
roused his soul to its profoundest depths, and he
could no more remain in inglorious ease at home,
while the desolations of war blackened and blasted
the land, than the proud eagle could descend from
his home in the cloud to dwell with the moping
owl.
Three times, in his not protracted life, he led
our citizen soldiers to the embattled plain to meet
in deadly conflict his country's foes. Alas! that
he shall lead them no more; that lie shall never
more marshal them for the glorious strife—never
more rouse to the " signal trumpet tone." He
lias fallen. " The fresh dust is chill upon the
breastthat burned erewhile with fires that seemed
immortal."
" lie sleeps his last sleep—lie has fought !ih last battle;
No sound shall awake him to glory again."
He fell—as I think he would have preferred to
'fall had he had the choice of the mode of death—
in the storm of battle, cheering his brave followers
011 to duty in the service of his adopted country,
to which he felt that he owed much; which he
loved well and had served long and faithfully. It
does him no dishonor to say that he was a man
of great ambition, and that he yearned after mili-
tary renown; but his ambition was chastened by
his patriotism, his strongsense of justice, and his
humanity; and its fires never buined so fiercely
111 his bosom as to tempt him to purchase honor,
glory, and distinction for himself, by needlessly
sacrificing, or even imperiling, the lives of others.
He was no untried soldier, with a name yet to
win. It was already high 011 the roll of fame,
andmdissolubly linked with his country's history.
Years ago, at home and abroad, he had drawn his
sword 111 his country's cause, and shed his blood
in defense of her rights. Years ago he had led
our soldiers to battle, and by his gallantry shed
new luster upon our arms, and historic interest
upon Cerro Gordo's heights; and now he had that
fame to guard and protect. He had to defend his
already written page of history from blot or stain,
as well as to add to it another leaf equally radiant
and enduring. But, Mr. President, it would be
a poor, inadequate, and unworthy estimate ol his
character which should explore only a selfish am-
bition and aspirations for individual glory for the
sources of his action.
The impelling causes were far higher and no-
bler. He was a true, immovable, incorruptible,
and unshrinking patriot. He was the fast, firm
friend of civil and religious liberty, and believed
that they should be the common heri tagc and bless-
ing of all mankind, and that they could be se-
cured and enjoyed only through the instrument-
ality of organized constitutional government,and
submission to, and obedience of, its laws; and the
conviction upon his mind was deep and profound
that if the wicked rebellion which had been inau-
gurated went unrebuked, and treason triumphed
over law, constitutional government in North
America would be utterly annihilated, to be fol-
lowed by the confusion of anarchy, and the con-
fusion of anarchy to be succeeded by the oppres-
sions and atrocities of despotism. He believed
that whatever the horrors, and plagues, and des-
olations of civil war might be, they would still be
far less in magnitude and duration than the plagues
and calamities which would inevitably follow upon
submission and separation. The contest in which
we are engaged had been, without cause or pre-
text of caused forced upon us. We had to accept
the strife, or so submit to an arrogant assumption
of superiority of right as to show ourselves un-
worthy of the liberties and blessings which the
blood and treasure and wisdom and virtue of
illustrious sires had achieved for us; and he be-
lieved that the issue of the contest was powerfully
and vitally to affect the welfare and happiness of
the American people, if not indeed of all other
nations,for centuries yettobc. With these views,
both just and patriotic, Ire recognized it as his
duty to give his services to his country whenever,
and 111 whatever capacity, they could be of most
value and importance; and with as much of self-
abnegation as the frailties of humanity would^
allow, he took his place in the serried ranks ot
war, and in the strict and discreet discharge of his
duty as a soldier, fighting for his country in a
holy cause, he fell.
And it is, Mr. President, to me, his friend, a
source of peculiar gratification that the history of
the disastrous day which terminated his brilliant
career, when it shall have been truthfully written,
will be his full and sufficient vindication from
any charge of temerity or jecklessness regarding
the lives of those intiusted to his care. He was
brave, ardent, and impetuous, and " when war's
stern strength was on his soul" he no doubt felt
that " one crowded hour of glorious life was worth
an age without a name." But his was not the
fitful impetuosity of the whiilwind which unfits
for self-control or the command of others, but the
strong, steady, and resistless roll of the stream
within its prescribed limits, and to its sure and
certain object; not the impetuosity which culmi-
nates in fantastic rashness, but that which,in the
presence of danger, is exalted to the sublimity of
heroism.
I have said he was ambitious, but there was
never ambition with less of the taint and dross of
selfishness. He was incapable of a mean and un-
manly envy, and was ever quick to perceive and
ready to acknowledge the merit of a rival, and
would stifle his own desires and postpone his own
aggrandizement for the advancement of a friend.
Noblygenerous, he could anddid make sacrifices
of both pecuniary and political advantages to his
friendships, which, with him, were real, sincere,
and lasting. He never sought to drag others down
from moral or social, professional or political em-
inence, that he might rise upon the ruin, nor re-
garded the good fortune of another, in whatever
vocation or department of life, as a wrong done
him, or as any impediment to his own prosperity-
Brave and self-reliant, but neither rash nor pie-
sumptuous, he could avenge or forgive an injury
with a grace and promptitude which did equal
honor to his boldness of spirit and kindness of
heart. Under insult or indignity he was fierce
and defiant, and could teach an enemy alike to
