2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
he had during the whole day, in the roost difficult and tiy-
ing situations, shown himself a brave and efficient officci.
He received a tearful, but I hope not mortal wound. Gen-
era] Nelson came gallopingup, and asked who silenced that
battery over there. The answer was, the twenty-fourth,
whereupon lie said £ You have done we]!, my boys; I love
and honor every one of you.' The twenty-fourth and nine-
teenth Ohio, and thirty-second Indiana, (VViMard,) received
orders to charge .bayonets, and victory was ours."
Three regiments of Ohio troops served in the
division of General Crittenden, and each with dis-
tinguished credit. The thirteenth Ohio, under com-
mand of Lieutenant Colonel Hawkins, and as a
part of the fourteenth brigade,on Monday charged
upon and took three pieces of the celebrated Wash-
ington battery of artillery. After spiking one of the
guns and meeting with a severe loss, the enemy ap-
peared in force, and succeeded with fresh troops
and superior numbers in compelling them to fall
back four hundred yards.
Later in the day, this regiment forming part of
a line of attack, charged upon, drove back the en-
emy, and again captured the rebel battery which
jthey had failed to hold in the morning. This
charge was brilliant and decisive, and the battery
was held against repeated efforts of the rebels to
regain it. The nineteenth Ohio under Colonel
Beatty, and the fifty-ninth Ohio under Colonel
Fyffe, formed part of General Boyle's brigade.
He thus speaks of their conduct in the battle of
Monday: , ■
"It is proper for me to say to you that the two0hio regi-
ments in my brigade, the nineteenth Ohio, Colonel Samuel
Reatty, and fifty-ninth Ohio, Colonel J. T. Fyffe, won the
character of biave and gallant soldiers and officers, in the
great battle of ShUoh. X can safely say that all the Ohio
troops in the 'army ot the Ohio,' commanded by Major
General Buell, won immortal renown for themselves and
their State, and deserve the gratitude of the nation. The
soldiers of Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky, stood shoulder to
shoulder in this greatest battle of the continent, and have
rendered historic the field of Slnloh, and crystallized their
names in the fiery ordeal of battle and rendered them im-
mortal."
Six regiments of Ohio infantry and one battalion
of cavalry served in the division of General Lew.
Wallace. It will be remembered that this divis-
ion did not arrive on the battle ground until after
nightfall of Sunday, and then took the extreme
right of our army on Monday. The third brigade
of this division was composed entirely of Ohio
troops, under Colonel Whittlesey, and most of the
second under Colonel Thayer. The march of this
division was a continuous advance, commencing
with an artillery fight in the morning. The offi-
cial report of General Wallace as to the conduct
of the Ohio troops, and, indeed, as to all in his
division, leaves but little to be said. I will read
brief extracts:
t( Here the fifty-eighth Ohio and twenty-third Indiana
proved themselves lit comrades in buttle, with the noble
first Nebraska. Here also the seventy sixth Ohio won a
brilliant fame. The fir*t Nebraska fired away its last car-
tridge. In the heat of the action, at a word, the seventy-
sixth Ohio rushed in and took its place. Off to the right,
meanwhile, arose the music of the twentieth and seventy-
eighth Ohio, fighting gallantly in support of Thutbet, to
whom the sound of rebel cannon seemed a challenge—no
sooner heard than accepted.
"From the time the wood was entered,' forward' was
the only ordei, and step by step, from tree to tree, position
to position,the rebel lines went back,ucverstoppiiigagain
—infantry, horse, and artillery, all went back. The firing
was grand and tertible. Before us was the Ciescent regi-
ment, of New Orleans ; shelling us on the light was the
Washington artillery, of Manassas icnown,whose last stand
was in (rout of Colonel Whittlesey's command. To and
fio, now in my front, then in Sherman'.-*, rode General
Beauregard, inciting his troops and fighting.for his fading
prestige of invincibility. The desperation of the struggle
may be easily imagined. While tins was in progress, lar
along the lines to the left the contest was raging with equal
obstinacy. As indicated by the sounds, however, the en-
emy seemed leUring everywhere. Cheer after cheer lang
through the woods, and each man felt the day was ours.
4,Of my legunents I find it impossible to say enough;
excepting the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Indiana and
twentieth Ohio, they had all participated in the battleofDon-
elson. But this was a greater than DonH&on, and conse-
quently a more tenible ordeal in which to test what may be
a thing of glory or shame—the courage of an untried legi-
ment. flow well they all behaved, [ sum tip in the boast—
not aman,officer or soldier, flinched, none but the wounded
went to the Landing. Ohio, Indiana, Missouri, and Ne-
braska will be proud of the steadfast third division, and so
am h"
The division of General McCook, himself a
citizen of Ohio, played a conspicuous part in the
terrible tragedy of Monday. It arrived on the
•battle-field at five o clock,a. m., having marched
rapidly the day before, and most of the night, it
was assigned a central position under the imme-
diate command of General Buell. It was com-
posed chiefly of Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana
.troops, most of them ohT regiments, well drilled
and thoroughly efficient. The first, Colonel Par-
rott; fifteenth. Colonel Dickey; and forty-ninth,
Colonel Gibson, arc conceded to be among the
best of our regiments, and are each commanded
by young, active, zealous, intelligent officers.
Three of them before the war were lawyers, and
atl of them were engaged in the active pursuits of
private life, with little if any knowledge of mili-
tary affairs.
* In addition, there was the famous thirty-second
Indiana regiment, under Colonel Willich. We
cannot allow our sister State, bravely as she has
borne herself in this war, to assume all the honor
of this regiment. Colonel Willich is a citizen of
Ohio, and a larger part,'if not the greater part, of
his men are from Ohio.
Sir, it is a remarkable fact, that in this great
struggle the three central States of Ohio, Ken-
tucky, and Indiana did not observe State lines in
forming regiments. Ohio furnished large num-
bers of officers and soldiers to Kentucky, and In-
diana and Kentucky contributed largely to several
Ohio regiments. The ties of blood and marriage
have bound them all, I trust, in an immortal
union; and in this great battle they fought with
equal bravery, not only side by side, not only as
parts of divisions and brigades, but as parts of
regiments and companies. I will not follow these
regiments through the incidents of the battle.
They all wore the highest honors. General Sher-
man, in his official report, concedes to McCook's
division, formerly under his command in Ken-
tucky, the highest praise:
"Near General McClcmand's camp I saw, for the first
time, the well ordered and compact column of General
Buell's Kentucky forces, whose soldierly nfovements at
once gave confidence to our newer and less disciplined
foices.
" Here I saw Willich's regiment advance upon a point of
water oaks and thicket, behind which I knew the enemy
was in great strength, and enter it in beautiful style. There
aiose the severest musketry fire. I ever heard, and lasted
some twenty minutes, when this splendid regiment had to
fall back.
" Willich's regiment had been repulsed, hut a whole brig-
ade of McCook's division advanced, beautifully deployed,
and entered the dieaded woods. I ordered my second brig-
ade, then commanded by F. Kciby Smith, (Colonel Stewart
being wounded.) to form 011 its light, and my fourth brigade,
Colonel Buckland, on the left, atl to advance abreast with
the Kentucky bngado before-mentioned, which f afterwards
found to bt; Itous&eau's biigade of General McCook's divis-
ion.
" I concede that General McCook's splendid division
from Kentucky drove back the enemy along the Corinth
road, which was the great center of the held of battle, where
Beauregard commanded in peison, supported by Bragg,
Johnson, and Bieckinndge's divisions."
Sir, I doubt if the history of war presents a
more striking illustration of the power of a single
well-disciohned regiment in a great battle than is
presented by the achievements of Colonel Willich.
Attached to General McCook's division as a re-
serve, we hear of him first supporting the left of
General Wallace's division on the right of the
field, then again ordered " to advance to the sup-
port of General Rousseau's left, and to give the
enemy the bayonet as soon as possible;" then
advancing into a thicket where the enemy was
massed in force, sometimes repulsed but never
defeated, always ready with the bayonet. Before
such troops the enemy could do nothing but re-
treat or die.
I know I will be pardoned in commenting upon
the incidents of this battle, and in vindicating the
honor of the State I represent, in recording the
praise extended to an Ohio officer in whose repu-
tation I have a double interest—that of kindred
and State. I do this the more freely as 1 have
already quoted and commented upon his official
action and report. I refer to General Sherman.
General Grant, under whose immediate command
he acted, says:
" I feel it a duty, however, to a gallant and able officer—
BrigxdierGeneral W. T. Sherman—to make a special men-
tion. lie not only was with his command duringthe entire
of the two days' action, but displayed great judgment and
skill in the management of his men. Although severely
wounded in the hand the first day, his place was never va-
cant. He was again wounded, and had three horses killed
under him."
General Halleck, whose comprehensive mind
has directed with admirable success military op-
erations more extended and important than any
in modern history since the fall of Bonaparte,
writes to the Secretary of War:
Headquarters Department op Mississippi,
l'lrrsuuRo, TtNMcsbEt,, Jlyril 13, 1862.
Sir; It is the unanimous opinion here that Brigadier Gen-
eral W\T. Sherman saved the fortune of the day on the 6th,
and contributed largely to the glorious victory of the 7th.
He was in the thickest of the fight on both days, Having
had three hordes killed under him, and being surrouuded
twice. I respectfully request that he be made a major gen-
eral of volunteers, to date from the 6th instant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. W. HALLECK, Major General Commanding.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton Secretary of War.
Sir, when the record of this war is made up,
this battle will be regarded as among the most**
important, as it was the most bloody, thus far, of
the war. It may be that General Grant would
have acted more wisely to have left his forces on
the east bank of the Tennessee until reinforced
by Buell; but it must be remembered that he took
his position before Beauregard arrived at Corinth,
and if he had retreated and sought shelter behind
a river, and yielded the right bank of the river to
his enemy, a single battery on the west bank
would have cut off his supplies. What a shower
of complaint would then have fallen on him ! It
may be that he did wrongin havingGeneral Wal-
lace at Crump's Landing, so far from the support
of the main army; but it must be remembered
that point'was equally necessary to be defended
as Pittsburg Landing. It may be that General
Buell was too tardy in his movement to reinforce
General Grant; but who can tell the difficulties to
be overcome in a long march ? It may be, and I
think it is true, that the commanding officers be-
lieved, and acted upon the belief, that the enemy
would not attack their position, but would await
an attack at Corinth; but in this they shared the
common opinion of the whole country. It may
be that proper precautions were not taken against
surprise; but it now conclusively appears that all
the terrible stories of men being bayoneted in
their tents, of regiments scattering withouta fire,
are untrue or grossly exaggerated. We have no
official information as to General Prentiss's divis-
ion; but as to that of General Sherman, on his
right, it is conclusively shown there was no sur-
prise in the sense in which that word is usually
used. Every regiment was in line of battle before
the enemy attacked. This is shown by the state-
ment and report of every officer from whom we
have heard.
I have the highest authority for saying that no
officer pr soldier was bayoneted in or near his tent,
nor, indeed, does it appear that any were bayo-
neted on the field. The brigade surgeon of one
of the brigades said to be surprised, reports that
he has^not seen a single bayonet wound on a living
or a dead person. The fifty-third Ohio, the first
regiment attacked and broken, X have shown was
in line of battle, lost no officer killed and but seven
men killed. While the pickets were driven in
between six and seven, a. m., the first attack was
not made until forty-five minutes past seven, a. m.
General Sherman writes me as to his division,
that—
"Strong guards were out in front of each brigade, which
guards were driven in on the morning of the battle, but be-
fore the enemy came within cannon range of my position.
Every regiment was under arms at posts 1 had previously
assigned them ; the cavalry was saddled and artillery har-
nessed, unliinbercd, and commenced firing as soon as the
enemy came in sight. On Saturday I had no cavalry pick-
ets out, because 1 had no cavalry in my division. General
Grant had made a new assignment of cavalry and artillery
on Friday. The Ohio fifth, which had been with mc, was
ordered to Hurlbut, and eight companies of the fourth Illi-
nois, Colonel Dickey, assigned to me, did not get Into camp
till near Saturday night, and I ordered them under saddle
at daylight."
From General Prentiss we cannot hear. He is
a prisoner; but I cannot but express my regret at
the repeated attacks made upon him. I notice in
a recent letter from an officer on General Grant's
staff, published in the Cincinnati Commercial, a
statement, of which I will read an extract:
" Prentiss is not here to make his report; but the official
report of an officer has been made, who states that early on
Sunday morning General Prentiss sent him out on the Cor-
inth road, with two companies of skirmishers, to makerec-
onnoissance of the enemy, who had been reported as ap-
proaching in force. He met our pickets one mile beyond our
lines, coming back to announce the enemy's approach. The
fact was duly reported toGencial Prentiss, and his line of bat-
tle was immediately formed; and up to thiee o'clock on Sun-
day afternoon his line remained unbroken. No regiment of
his command was captured until after tluee o'clock on Sun-
day, at which time he himself was taken prisoner, with part
of his command. And this did not happen until after the
capture of a portion of Smith's division, and probably never
would have happened had it not been lor that disaster."
If this be true, and their statements are sus-
tained by the accounts of General Prentiss's cap-
ture in the rebel papers, it places a very different
phase upon the aetion of that officer on Sunday
