1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
now, and put it into the hands of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, the Secretary of the
Interior, or anybody else. We all know how fast
it goes, especially when we have our eminent
architects about, who want to be employed again.
It is manifestly safe where it is, and, in my judg-
ment, wc had better leave it there; and let the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings call for an appropria-
tion, if they please, to protcct the building against
injury. Something may be necessary in that par-
ticular.
Mr. FOOT. My honorable friend from Maine
has been.misinformed in regard to the amount of
outstanding appropriation for these works. There
has been no appropriation for the dome since that
made for the fiscal year 1858, which was then
$500,000, of which only about seventy thousand
dollars now remain unexpended. At the last ses-
sion of the last Congress we made an appropria-
tion of $250;000 for the continuation of the exten-
sions of the building. That §250,000 remains
outstanding, and that, with the §70,00$ of the out-
standing residue of the appropriation for the dome,
is all that there is at hand.
I have already suggested, Mr. President, that
this resolution did not present the question to the
Senate of the policy or impolicy of carrying on
this work to a completion, in the present condi-
tion of the country and of the Treasury. So far
as I know, the only purpose is to appropriate and
to expend so much money, and no more, at the
present time, as may be neccssary to protect this
building from the injury which it is suffering every
day; and that injury is daily increasing* I have
pointed it out very slightly; but this injury is
patent and open to the observation of every Sen-
ator. Every member can see for himself to what
extent the building is suffering for need of an ex-
penditure of, I do not know how many thousand
dollars. 1 know that the present superintendent,
General Meigs, has no time even to examine the
subject. The proposition is that it be placed in
hands who can give attention to it, and employ
some'competent person to make the expenditure,
so far, at least, as to protect this building from
dilapidation and decay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will put It
in that shape as I have told him, I shall not make
any objection to it. I may be misinformed and
have an mcoirect idea about the amount that still
remains unexpended; but if the Senator will put
it in that shape, to take from that appropriation,
or any other, what may be necessary to prevent
this building from injury, and have that expended
by whom he pleases, 1 shall have no objection to
his lesoJution. But while he says that is the ob-
ject of it, it goes the whole length of changing the
superintendency ofthe building; it goes the whole
length of taking it out of the hands of the Depart-
ment which has conducted it thus far, and putting
it in the hands ofthe Secretaiy of the lntei lor, and
giving him control over all the appropriations that
are now on hand. I know what it involves. It
is impossible to misunderstand it. The power is
gone out of our hands when we have passed it,
unless we repeal the resolution after we pass it.
If the protection of the building were all that the
Committee on Public Buildings desired to accom-
plish, it would be very easy to pass a resolution
to that effect, authorizing the Commissioner of
Public Buildings or the Secietary ofthe Inteiior,
if you please, to spend a specific sum of money
for the preservation ofthe building. Let the res-
olution be specific, and not go to the root of the
matter entirely and change the whole superin-
tendence of the building.
General Meigs has not asked to be relieved from
it at all. He has adopted his policy. The whole
thing is now m charge of men whom he left here
sufficient to take care of what has been done.
If he said that he had no time to attend it, if he
wanted "to be relieved from the superintendence
of the work, if the War Department asked to be
relieved from it, it would be a different affan ; but
they ask no such thing, it is a movement out-
side of them, and the movement comes in ron-
nection with this gentleman, who has been so
desirous from the beginning to control this work,
and who has been in a quarrel with the War De-
partment from beginning to end, and been tinned ■[
out once or twice; I mean Mr. Waiter, the aichi- I
teet. This seems to be a good chance for him to '!
get control of the work again. I am opposed to ij
that. I am opposed to passing a resolution which il
goes so far as this does. To the extent to which the
Senator from Vermont says he desires to go—to
protect the building—I am willing it should be
done; but it can be done by very different kind of
legislation from taking it out of the hands of those
disposed to hold on to the money and putting it
into new hands disposed to spend it.
Mr. FOOT. It is due to Mr. Walter, perhaps,
as his name has been referred to by the Senator,
that I should say I never had a word of conver-
sation with Mr. Walter on the subject; his name
has never been indicated to me from any quarter
whatever in connection with this work; and it had
not occurred to me until the Senator himself sug-
gested it. I do not know who the Secretary of
the Interior might employ, in whose hands he
might place this work in charge; but I will say,
and it is all I have now to say, that I am, upon
general principles, in favor of taking this work
from a military superintendency, to which it is
not appropriate, and placing it under a civil su-
perintendency. It more appropriately belongsto
such a superintendency.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment; and on the question, "Shall
the joint resolution be engrossed for a third read-
ing?" there were on a division—ayes 16, noes 9;
no quorum voting.
Mr. FOOT. It is neccssary to have the yeas
and nays in order to obtain a quorum; and 1 ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone this reso-
lution until to-morrow. It has been stated here,
by the Senator from Maine, that this joint reso-
lution if passed virtually transfers §1,500,000 from
the Treasury now under the control of the War
Department and places it in the hands of another
Depaitment, It seems tome wc ought not to take
so important a step as that without knowing
whether that is so.
Mr. FESSENDEJN". I may have confounded
the amount necessary to complete the building
with the anxpunt of the actual appropriation. I
think wc ought to ascertain how much there is on
hand before we pass this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. It is rathera large sum,and I
think we should have information in regard tp it.
Mr. HALE. I think we might be content with
the statement of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings, who has investigated it, and
says there are about three hundred thousand dol-
lars on hand.
Mr. GRIMES. He did not deny the statement
of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HALE. Yes, ho did, and stated specific-
ally what there was on hand; about seventy thou-
sand dollars unexpe'nded of the appropriation for
the dome, and the $250,000 which have been ap-
propriated since for the building, making, alto-
gether, $320,000 instead of $1,500,000.
Now, let me say that I think that we ought to
pass this resolution. When this Capitol was
commenced, it was commenced under civil su-
perintendency, and a decent, Christian plan of
building a house was devised and begun. The
foundations were laid for a respectable building;
one that would have given us the benefit of a little
light and air from heaven, instead of having our
air pumped up from the cellar and our light come
down as it does. The foundations of the building
were all laid for it in that way. Then Mr. Pierce
came in. with Mr. Davis as Secretary of War, and
he thought the arrangement of the Almighty for
supplying light and air was not quite so good as
he could devise, and he moved it into the center
of the building, like a mouse trap in a pot, so that
no air could come to it, and went to work, at an
immense cost, pumping up air from the cellar.
And that is the way we get our air here, by a steam
engine that is constantly at work. This is one of
the worst ventilated looms I ever was in in my
life, not excepting stables; but I believe the present
Seigeant-at-Ainis has made some improvement
upon if. I think that the practical wisdom that
has been manifested by these two Departments, is
vastly in favor of the civil instead of the military.
Why, Mr. President, it has got so now that this
Government cannot do anything under heaven,
but the Anny has to come in to do it. It seems
to me, as was well suggested by my fi lend from Illi-
nois, that the Anny has got quite enough to do,
without holding on to anything and everything
there in to do, and the Secretary of the Interior
has not quite enough. I hope the recommenda-
tion of the committee will be followed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is the unfinished business of yester-
day, and one o'clock having now arrived, it is
before the Senate.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels.
Mr. MORRILL. The great measure before
us—anil none greater has ever been before the
Senate—has been characterized in this debate in
earnest, eloquent, indignant, and I think I am
authorized to say, satirical speech, as extraor-
dinary, unconstitutional, oppressive, and inexpe-
dient. When I freely confess to its opponents
that it does not belong to the class of ordinary
legislation, I concede no more than must be con-
fessed of much that has been done on behalf of
the nation, here and elsewhere, by the national
Legislature and by the Federal Executive since
our troubles began.
Sir, it were better that that man had not been
bom who shrinks from taking the responsibility
when a distracted and bleeding country requiics
" the dauntless spirit of resolution." As to the
rest: the Constitution, I conceive, is the strength
and shield of the nation in its hour of peril, and
must not be construed so as fatally to hamper
honest endeavor in its behalf. Clemency on the
lips of an American Senator to the malignant
enemy of the Republic is cruelty to its friends;
and that is expedient which is demanded for the
present safety and future security of free institu-
tions. I premise this much as tne stand-point of
the debate, and in this spirit I approach its gene-
lal topics.
The bill under consideration contemplates the
exercise of the extreme legislative power of the
nation for purposes of self-preservation and for
the chastisement and overthrow of its domestic
enemies. The primary object of the bill, as I read
it, in its general scope and bearing—I do not
speak of its details—is the suppression of rebel-
lion. It apparently proceeds upon the assump-
tion that the insurrection is incited by u. faction in
the slave States, holders of the vast proportion of
the property and slaves in those States; that this
property and these slaves constitute the incentive
and form the material base of the rebellion; and
that, therefore, it becomes the right and duty of
the nation, from the height of its extreme author-
ity, to award the penalty of condemnation of estate
and forfeiture of control over persons to those who
thus conspire against the Government and make
war on its authority.
But, sir, at the threshold of this measure, as,
indeed, at the outset of every effort on the part of
the friends of the Government to defend it against
the machinations of conspirators and to put down
this most impious rebellion,we are met with aflat
denial of adequate constitutional authority.
Tine nation is involved in the perils of civil war,
demanding the instant and decisive exercise of its
utmost powers and combined energies, and yet it
is painfully obvious that there exists the most em-
barrassing contrariety of opinions as to the con-
stitutional powers of Congress, and the policy
demanded by the public emergency. Under these
circumstances, it is a matter of the first importance
to ascertain the extent of the authority, where it
is lodged, and upon whom the responsibility for
its exercise is to rest. The powers and duties we
shall assign to the Government will depend, I
think, upon what shall be determined to be the
actual condition of the nation—whether that of
peace or war.
Plainly enough, the general and ordinary pow-
eis of the Government, under the Constitution,
are applicable to the nation in a state of peace;
and yet as clearly the Constitution contemplates
the exercise of powers and the performance of
duties peculiar to a state of war. Is the nation in
that condition which devolves upon the Govern-
ment the exercise of power common to a state of
general hostilities? "Constitutionally speaking,"
to use the phrase in vogue here, is the nation in
a state of war; and if so, what are its powers,
under the Constitution, and to what extent do the
public perils render the exercise of those powers
necessary and expedient? The power of the Gov-
ernment over its domestic enemies, the necessity
