1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2995
The Senator, as some others have done, de-
plores the unhappy condition in which I may find
myself when I appear before my constituents.
Mr. President, I am happy to believe that my
constituents have intelligence enough to under-
stand what I have said upon all these subjects and
to appieciate it, and too much candor to misrep-
resent it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope we shall come to a vote.
I do not propose to address the Senate. I desire
a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howard
in tiie chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire, to substitute
a certain bill as an amendment to the one now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course, that substitute is
open to amendments, and before the vote can be
taken on it, those amendments must be passed
upon. I have several to move. I send one to the
Chair, to insert at the end of the fourteenth section
the following:
And in all proceedings under this act there shall be no
exclusion of any witness on account of color.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that this substi-
tute was matured by a committee of the Senate.
When that committee were in session, the subject
presented by thatamendmentcame before the com-
mittee, and was carefully considered; and while
they had no hostility to the general principle of
the amendment, they thought it was better not to
ingraft it upon this bill, and did not; and I hope
it will not be now.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill, if it has any oper-
ation—and I have my doubts whether it will have
any operation anywhere—is to operate in the slave
States. Now, if the rule of evidence which pre-
vails there is recognized, there will be insuperable
difficulties in the way of securing a conviction. I
think it belongs to Congress, if in good faith, as
I do not doubt on the part of Senators who sus-
tain this .bill, they choose to establish criminal
proceedings against the rebels, that they should
establish such rules of evidence as will not render
all such proceedings entirely nugatory.
Mr. CLARK. I have a suggestion to make to
the Senate which influenced the committee in re-
jecting such a provision in this bill. By the first
section of the bill it will be seen that if the master
is convicted of treason, every slave he has will be
forfeited and set free. We thought it would look a
little like inducing the slave to come forward and
swear against the master to have him convicted
in order to procure his freedom, if we put such a
provision in the bill and we rejected it on that
ground.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will bear in
mind that there are other slaves besides the slaves
of that special master, and there may be colored
persons who are not slaves; but whetherslaves or
not, even if they are freemen, the Senator knows
well there is one cruel rule of evidence which pre-
vails everywhere in the rebel States excluding the
testimony of colored men.
Mr. CLARK. I agree to what is said by the
Senator from Massachusetts; and while many of
the committee were desirous that such a change
of the rule of evidence should be made, we thought
it best not to put it upon this bill. If the Senate
choose to pass a separate bill they can do so; but
we thought it had better not be here and con-
nected with these other provisions.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from New Hampshire a question:
whether he would believe the loyal slave or the
disloyal white man ?
Mr. CLARK. I do not hesitate for a moment
in saying I would believe the loyal slave.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. So would I, and I want
to give him a chance.
Mr. CLARK. I want to give him a chance on
some other bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. All we desire is to
allow the loyal slave to testify against the traitor
white man.
Mr. CLARK. Let me say to the Senator from
Kansas that in committee I proposed this very
provision myself, because I desired that such a
principle should be enacted; but I found myself
overborne by the committee as a matter of discre-
tion in putting it on this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say that I,
for one, do not believe this rebellion will ever be
crushed out until we raise up the loyal black men
of the rebel States against disloyal white men of
the rebel States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Giimes, HarJan, Howard,
Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—14,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, CarlHe, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doojittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Poster, Hairis, Henderson, Lane of Indiana, Nes-
mith, Pearce, Powell, Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Ten
Eyck, Willey, Wilson of Missouri, and Wiight—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask whether,
if this substitute be adopted, it will be open to
amendment by adding additional sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The amend-
ment, if agreed to, is not afterwards open to amend-
ment, except by way of addition. Additional sec-
tions may be added. If the question of congruity
arises, that is a question for the Senate to decide,
not a question of order for the Chair. It is not
in the province of the Chair to decide a proposi-
tion out of order for want of congruity.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amendment,
to insert as a new section, after section three of
the amendment, the following:
Andbeit further enacted, That any citizen of the United
States beaiing arms against the United States during the
present or any future rebellion shall forfeit his citizenship,
and be forever incapable of being or becoming a citizeu of
the United States.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to say that,
as a friend of the House bill, I shall vote against
all amendments to the proposition of the Senator
from New Hampshire, especially amendments of
such a character that fhoy might be offered as
amendments if his proposition should be adopted.
It would be perfectly competent for the Senator
from Massachusetts, for instance, to offer this as
an addition to the proposition, after the vote had
been taken on the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. I suggest that it would be much
better to take that vote. If the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire be adopted, it will
be against my vote, and I will then cooperate in
adding such sections as, in my judgment, will
make it better; but it seems to me it would be
much wiser, much more in accordance with the
rules, to take the question on the proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire as a whole. It
has been matured in all its parts by a committee
of the Senate, and probably, so far as it goes, it
is as perfect as it can be made. You may add
additional sections to the bill without any diffi-
culty or without interfering with the body of the
bill. I suggest, therefore, in order to avoid the
unnecessary consumption of time, that we should
not vote on these various amendments now, be-
cause if the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire should fail, as a matter of course all
the labor in perfecting that bill is lost, while if it
should succeed we may, by adding new sections,
change somewhat the character of the bill. I shall
therefore vote against all amendments to the prop-
osition offered by the special committee. I think
they arc entitled in justice and fairness to a fair
vote on the proposition as framed by them. If it
is defeated, as a matter of course the House bill
will be open to amendment. If it be adopted it
can be amended to some extent by adding new
sections.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand the rules of
the Senate, the proposition I have now moved in
the place that I have moved it—and if the Senator
looks at the bill he will find it is the natural place in
the hill for thatsection—would not then be in order.
I submit the question to the Chair that it would not
be in order after,the substitute has been adopted to
move a section that should go into the body of the
substitute, as the amendment I have now moved
will. It was on that account that I made the mo-
tion at this stage, feeling that if I did not make it
now I should be cut off from making it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
ask the Secretary to read the rule of parliamentary
law and practice on questions of this kind.
The Secretary read, as follows :
" When it Is proposed to amend by inserting a paragraph,
or part of one, the friends of the paragraph may make it as
perfect as they can by amendments, before the question is
put for inserting it. Ifittfe received, it cannot be amended
afterwards, in the same stage; because the House has on a
vote agreed to it in that form. In like manner, if it is pro-
posed to amend by striking out a paragraph, the friends of
the paragraph are first to make it as perfect as they can by
amendments before the question is put for striking it out.
If on the question it be retained, it cannot be amended af-
terwards, because a vote against striking out is equivalent
to a vote agreeing to it in that form.
" If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with one al-
ready agreed to, it is a fit ground for its rejection by the
House; but not within the coinpetencc of the Speaker to
suppress it as if it were against order. For were he per-
mitted to draw questions of consistence within the vortex
of order, he might usurp a negative on important modifica-
tions, and suppress, instead of subserving, the legislative
will."
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand, then, that
this amendment of mine would be in order when
the substitute is adopted?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would not
be in the province of the Chair to rule it out of
order.
Mr. SUMNER. It would not be ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would not
be in the province of the Chair to rule it out of
order as an additional section.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, sir, I will not
press it now. I most cheerfully follow the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Ohio. I am very
anxious myself for a vote on this question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will understand, as an additional section it is not
in the province of the Chair to rule it out of order.
Whether it be consistent, whether it be congru-
ous, or inconsistent and incongruous with what
has been previously agreed to, is a matter that
the Senate must decide. It is not in the province
of the Chair to rule a proposition out of order for
want of congruitv. The Chair understands the
Senator from Massachusetts to withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; for the time being.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
then recurs on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, to strike out all the
original or House bill after the enacting clause
and insei t what has been denominated the commit-
tee's bill, by way of amendment, as a substitute
for the original bill.
Mr. WILMOT. I have not participated in this
debate, nor do I propose now to inflict a speech
upon the Senate. On this subject of confiscation
I have said all that I desire to say. I have pre-
sented my views at length touching this question
of the confiscation of rebel property. Now, sir,
we are about to come to a vote on the substitute
which has been offered by the gentleman from
New Hampshire. I have no doubt that those
who vote for this substitute will do so in good
faith; but my own convictions are that it is ut-
terly worthless, that it will utterly and wholly
fail ofthe purpose of an efficient confiscation bill.
To my mind it amounts to just nothing at all.
We have had sent to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives a bill which commanded nearly two
thirds of the votes of that body. It is not as
stringent and as effective a bill as the one origin-
ally introduced from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in the Senate. It has commanded a strong
support in the House of Representatives, and in
my judgment it will command the support of
the whole country. Nine tenths of the people
of the northern States will stand by the bill which
has been sent to us from the House of Represent-
atives. We have it in our power to-day by the
votes which we shall cast to adopt a bill which
is an efficient confiscation bill, which goes to the
extent of reaching the property of those now in
actual rebellion against the Government. It pro-
poses to touch no other man's property.
Sir,I would notattemptto speak with greatcon-
fidence as to the opinions of Pennsylvania; yet,
with due respect to my colleague, I represent the
State of Pennsylvania as well as he. While I
have no doubt as to the sincerity and integrity of
his motives, while I have no question that he is
pursuingahne ofconducthere which, in hisjudg-
ment, is best calculated to produce auspicious re-
sults to the country, I must take the privilege to
differ with him wholly and entirely. I believe the
course of policy that he pursues is calculated to
give strength to this rebellion. I do not believe
you can take your armies into the field and there
effectually meet these rebels in combat, while, at
