1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
and expediency of its exercise, are the topics to
■which 1 invite attention. First, is the nation, for
purposes offensive and defensive, for all questions
of its authority, to be regarded in a state of war 9
It should bo observed that the Government has
made no formal declaration of war, and that the
conflictis between theestablishedGovernmentand
members of the same Government. But it will
not be questioned that a state of war may exist be-
tween the Government and a portion of the people,
and that no formal declaration is necessary to le-
galize hostilities. -That a general state of hostili-
ties exists, need not now be argued, and will not
be questioned. That the nation has passed through
the period of hesitation between peace and war,
conciliation and authority, compromise and coer-
cion, is equally clear. As to the policy of war
as the only solution of the national troubles, the
necessity of a contest of arms to repel insults,
redress injuries, and to establish absolutely and
forever the supremacy of the national Govern-
ment over its domestic enemies, all truly loyal
men, everywhere, are now happily agreed. And,
sir, this condition of the nation is not, and from
the beginning of the conflict through all its suc-
cessive stages of threat and menace to open and
armed assault upon its authority, has not been op-
tional and voluntary on our part; but throughout,
the stern alternative has been constantly presented
to the Government of abject submission to the im-
pious designs of a malignant faction, or the manly
and patriotic vindication of its integrity.
While, sir, in the impartial performance of its
duties to all parties, and to all parts of the Union,
the authority of the Government was set at defiance
throughout a large portion of its territory, its
functions as a Government derided; its forts, ar-
senals, custom-houses, navy-yards, ships of war,
and public property—the substantive tokens of its
national supremacy—captured as prizes of war,
and employed to disturb that tranquillity they were
designed to insure; the public press silcnced; citi-
zens of the United States guilty of no offense, arid
suspected of none save of loyalty to the Union,
imprisoned or driven from their homes; disclos-
ing, at length, a bold and wicked conspiracy, em-
bracing entire communities, and extending to and
combining in its plans and purposes several States,
having a military organization which put these
States on a war footing in times of peace, and
which brought into the field at an early day an
army whose rank and file were numbereu by hun-
dreds of thousands, animated by the audacious
assurance of a speedy advance upon the national
capital, and ravening for the plunder of northern
cities.
The conspirators, at first hut a handful of men
in the extreme South, in a few localities, artfully
fomenting discontent, spread the sedition to other
communities, until they came to control the action
of several States. Emboldened by success in these
States, and maddened by recent popular demon-
strations against their mad schemes, they at length
made open war on the jurisdiction of the United
States, and opened a deadly cannonade upon a
fort held by a handful of men, simply as custo-
dians of the Federal authority.
Sir, the nation could not misunderstand thisun-
provoked, murderous, and cowardly assault. Long-
standing conspiracy against the Government hav-
ing passed through the successive stages of sedition
aii~d insurrection, now broke into open rebellion,
declaring at the cannon's mouth its purpose to
overthrow republican institutions, and to eiect on
the ruins of the Republic an oligarchy, hostile to
liberty and inimical to the civilization of a Chris-
tian age.
The Government, at length comprehending its
danger and the designs for its subversion, pro-
claimed its purposes of defense. _ At the national
•summons, more than half a million of patriot
men, hundreds of thousands more than the esti-
mated need, heroically volunteered, and now, at
the end of a few short months, stand m serried
ranks—country loving,God fearing,bold,defiant
men—a numerous and resistless host, impatiently
demanding to be shown the enemy of out" peace.
The nation, sir, it may be assumed, is in a state,
of war—involuntary war on its part, insurrection-
ary, causeless, rebellious war on the part ot its
domestic enemies. And, sir, it matters not that
it is not purely public war—conflict between two
or more nations; civil conflict is as positively and
unqualifiedly war, and has its laws as well defined
as conflict between two nations. It surely, Mr.
President, is not a state of partial hostilities, com-
bining a few persons, invading a few places, and
extending to and involving minor interests. Lit-
erally, the country is a camp and the nation an
army. The war reaches to the confines of the
Republic; levies its contributions on loyal men by
millions of dollars each day, has daily sacrifices
in the camp and on the field of scores of heroic
men; and accepts its recruits from every city,
town, and hamlet in the land.
Sir, let us not mistake. It is war in its most
gigantic proportions—insurrectionary war upon
the land, and piratical war upon the sea—not for
redress of grievances, not to recover rights lost or
impaired, not to escape from a heavy load of bur-
dens no longer tolerable, but for objects and with
motives and conduct which put the conspirators
beyond the rights of civilized warfare, and which
invest the nation with the high prerogatives of war,
and forces upon the Government the exercise of
its extreme power for self-defense. To balance
longer on the condition of the nation or question
its power, will prove fatal. We should stand no
longer on the hope of conciliation; we are fully
committed to war as our remedy; a deadly conflict
is upon the nation; begun, high advanced, wields
a sword already red with its best blood, consumes
its wealth, wastes its substance, the which if
you do not bring to a speedy close, by bold, de-
termined, successful battle, will degenerate into a
remorseless national broil, adding to the horrors
of general war the miseries of intestine disorder,
gaunt famine,general demoralization and desola-
tion, and which, if the nation do not triumph,
by an unconditional assertion and vindication of its
absolute supremacy, will end in the extinction of all
hope of popular government.
Otor condition, sir, being that of civil war, I
think it must be manifest" that the nation pos-
sesses all the rights and powers necessary for self-
preservation and for dealing with its enemies that
are common to a nation in that situation. Clearly
the Constitution contemplates the contingency
when the Government may be required to draw
the sword, both as against external and internal
enemies, and wisely provides for such an event
by the institution of an army and navy, and a
system of militia; and in such contingency im-
poses no limitation on its power, but plainly de-
signed that it should be left wholly unrestricted,
to exercise all the powers and rights of a nation
forced to take up aims for its defense.
While, under the Constitution, a state of peace
is the normal condition of the nation, and while
that instrument carefully defines and limits the
powers of the Government and guards the rights
of the States, leaving them free to pursue their
internal affairs in their own way, a state of hos-
tilities, of insurrectionary wiw,contemplated ;fm<\
in such event the power of the Government over
all its enemies, whether internal or external, is
unlimited and urnestraincd, and is controlled only
by the law of nations. The nation may then deal
with its enemies m any way its exigencies may re-
quire, not repugnant to the principles of public law.
Sir, the amplitude of the power of the nation
was forecast in the significant phrase of the pre-
amble to the Constitution, itself a compendium
of the objects and duties of Government: "To
form a more perfect union/' "establish justice,"
"insure domestic tranquillity," "provide for the
common defense," "piomote the goneial wel-
fare," iisccuvc the blessings of liberty." In its
civil functions the Constitution provides forGov-
ernment with limited power and duties, general
in their character, and chiefly applicable to ex-
ternal affairs. Its war power is ot the most abso-
lute character; the right of making war, the ex-
pediency and necessity of on appeal to arms, are
expressly given to the Federal Government, and
the States are as expressly forbidden to exercise
them. And, sir, the war power is nut an inci-
dental, but a substantive power, expressly con-
ferred,and is thatextremcpowerknown to nations
as the ultima ralio, at the declaration of which
civil privileges are in abeyance and municipal
laws silent. Strange delusion of the times, that
u evei should have been doubted that the nation
possessed the powers necessary for self-preserva-
tion !
The specificgrants of power in the Constitution
cover the whole subject of public hostilities, and
every variety of national conflict; " may define and
punish pMcyonthe high seas;""declarewan"
" make rules for captures on land and water;"
" raise and support armies" call forth the mili-
tia" "to suppress insurrection or repel invasion."
I am aware, sir, that there are those who do not
agree to this assumed power of the Federal Gov-
ernment, those who strongly insist that internal
disorder,,a state of general internal hostilities, is
in "no constitutional sense war;" that the na-
tion is fatally hampered by its organic law,, and ki
such case can perform none of, those acts of-self-
defense which are the essential characteristics of
j Government; that the Constitution at best provides
i for a sort of quasi Government in its relations to
j the States, and was purposely left without the
1 power of enforcing obedience to its authority. In
the language of the late President, " the Federal
Executive has no authority to decide what shall
be the relations between the Federal Government
and the States;" that "Congress possesses no
authority, by force of arms, to compel a State to
remain in the Union;" that "while Congress pos-
sesses many powers of preserving the Union by
conciliation, the sword was not placed in their
hands to preserve it by force."
Sir, the dark page of our history will be that
which records these opinions, not as the delirium
of mad ambition, not as the dreams of the human
mind, but as the semi-authoritative utterances of
the chief " public functionary" of the nation in
the hour of its trial and peril. No public officer
had ever before so sinnea, so blundered. There
had been great crimes and great criminals, from
the days of the false prophet to Davis—crimes
against country, society, humanity; traitors in
our own times; rebels beside "fallen angels,"
and little inferior to the " angel of the bottomless
pit;" but no such base compound of weakness
and wickedness as is disclosed in this traitorous
speech; himself in some large sense the State, its
representative and chief, conceding to the enemies
of its peace what makes his authority a sham,
and degrades the majesty and grandeur of the
Commonwealth to the dead level of a commercial
partnership.
Set, sir, as a sentinel to guard the approaches to
the citadel, cognizant of the fact of a longstand-
ing conspiracy for its assault, familiar with the
infernal counsels that for four years had been
plotting its overthrow m his very presence, he still
hesitates, as if halting between abstract love of
the mischief contemplated and self-will, absurdly
denying the right of the conspirators to take his
official life, and questioning his own "consti-
tutional" authority to defend it, and at length
compromising the whole matter by the sublime
sophism that" Congress has many powers of pre-
serving the Union by conciliation, none by force."
The height of this argument will constitute the
bad cmjneuccof the public functionary, as through
all time it will carry the conviction, when repeated,
of a resort to a pitiful subterfuge to avoid respons-
ibility, when the peace and safety of his country
demanded a brave and manly word from its ex-
ecutive chicf. He has doubtless learned ere this
that" to be weak is miserable, doing or suffering."
There is, sir, some fatal delusion misleading the
minds of those who thus reason and act. The his-
tory of the origin of the Constitution's well as
the progress of the nation under it, shows that its
foundeis designed to provide for ago vernment with
the essential attributes of governmeriifor " domes-
tic tianquillity," as well as for foreign relations.
Until the sentiment of government, under the Con-
stitution, sovereign and absolute within its sphere,
shall take possession of the minds of the American
people, there can be no Union perfected, no tran-
quillity secured, no civil liberty attained. As well
expect the results of a superintendingProvidcnce
from an atheistic pantheism, the harmony of the
planets without the central power to control them
in their orbits:
" The glorious planet, Sol,
In noble eminence enthroned, and shepherd
Amid the rest."
But,sir, let the nation rejoice that, with the close
of the administration of the partisan President, the
beguiled official, his political sophism lost its pow-
er, and that the whole breed of politicians who
could insanely repeat disloyal sentiments while the
country trembled on the brink of dissolution, is
well nigh extinct in a large portion of the nation.
And, sir, here I regret to feel obliged to notice,
in passing, that these sentiments and opinions are
