1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
not yet considered wholly out of place in the Sen-
ate. Hi
We were told the other day by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, " that, constitutionally
speaking, this is not a war in which we arc en-
Pray, sir, what is a war, and what are its char-
acteristics, and how shall it ever be known when
a nation is at war? " War," says Mr. Jefferson,
" is a conflict in which the parties endeavor to do
each other all the harm they can." Tried by this
standard, are the conspirators making war on the
United States?
What, sir, could men or devils do that they
have notdone, are nowdoing, orattempting, to sub-
vert this free Government and lay it in ruins. To
carry this fiendish purpose into effect at the point
of the bayonet, they have taken up arms, organ-
ized a military despotism in a large portion of our
territory, robbed loyal men of their property, and
thrown them into prisons, captured orburned your
commerce on the seas, marched armies for the sub-
jugation of States, and now beleaguer your na-
tional capital. Does not the honorable Senator
see in all this the " grim visage and stern look of
war?"
True, we are not, have not been making war;
but we are waging war already begun and forced
upon the Government. In its designs, plans, and
appointments, it is inveterate and vengeful, and
exhibits war as seldom sung or painted:
" The death shot hissing from afar,
The shock, the shout, the groan of war."
tl A dark, a desperate game
Where lives and limbs and hearts and souls of men
Are staked for knaves."
Not war. Then what shall we write upon the
tombstones of Ellsworth, Winthrop, Lyon, Ba-
ker, Lander, and scorcs of brave hearts that have
perished in battle. Sir, how do such statements
mock our grief for the patriot dead !
It is an 41 effort," says the honorable Senator,
(t on the part of the Federal Government to sup-
press insurrection and put down rebellion;" and
what, pray, is an " effort" with the sword be-
tween two great armies drawn from all parts of
the contending sections, but war? Is insurrec-
tion, breaking into armed rebellion and involving
half a continent, anything less than a state of hos-
tilities? The shock of " the effort" lias sundered
the honorable Senator's State, and its violence
made her soil crimson with the blood of her chil-
dren, and yet we are told that, " constitutionally
speaking, this is not warm which we are engaged."
The effort, on their part, is for the utter subver-
sion of the Government—an effort of invasion for
a moiety of the national domain and for the estab-
lishment, within our limits, of an independentgov-
ernment upon principles inimical to American lib-
erty—an effort characterized by rapine, robbery
on land, and piracy on sea, anddisplaying t^ie most
deadly hostility to social forms and national in-
terests.
There seems, sir, some fatal delusion by which
minds, keen in other respects, are blinded to the
deep-seated malignity of tins great insurrection.
The forecast of Jackson, Adams, and Benton, had
enabled them to see the gathering storm, and to
warn their countrymen of its approach. Its dis-
tant mutterings were heard in 1833 in South Car-
olina. It had clouded the extreme southern
horizon in 1850, threatening sudden disaster. In
1860 it had covered the entire southern sky, and
the pregnant tempest was soon to burst upon the
nation "with leaden rain and iron hail," n waken-
ing the people to a sense of their danger, and to a
full realization of what had been predicted. Still
there are those who doubt as to our real condition
—much more as to ourduties, and whether, if we
are actually involved in a hostiie contest at arms,
it is riot possible so to conduct it as not to injure
the enemy. The great English historian has well
said that a lauguid conduct of war is cruelty to all
parties.
Assuming now the state of the nation to be that
of general internal hostility; and that, bfnng so in-
volved, it possesses the power of self-defense, it
is still important to inquire in what department of
the Government this authority is lodged. Hap-
pily this is no longer an open question. The su-
preme power of making and conducting war is
expressly placed m Congress by the Constitution.
"The whole powers of wur," says the Supreme
Court of the United States, in Brown vs. The Uni-
ted States, (lCranch,)" are vested in Congress."
Surely all will agree there is no such power in the
judiciary, and the Executive is simply " Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy;" all
other powers and duties, not necessarily implied
in the command of the military and naval forces,
are expressly given to Congress. . Congress de-
clares war; grants letters of marque and reprisal;
makesjrules for captures on land and water; raises
and supports armies; provides and maintains a
navy; makes rules for the government of land and
naval forces; provides for organizing, arming, and
disciplining the militia, and for governing them
in actual service; and is thus invested, in the lan-
guage of the court, " with the wholepowers of war."
In the contingency of actual hostilities the na-
tion assumes a new and extraordinary character,
involving new relations and conferring new rights,
imposingextraordinary obligationsonthecitizens,
and subjecting them to extraordinary penalties.
There is then, sir, no limit on the power of Con-
gress; but it is invested with the absolute powers
of war—the'eivil functions of the Government are,
for the time being, in abeyancc when in conflict,
and all State and national authority subordinated
to the extreme authority of Congress, as the su-
preme power in the peril of external or internal
hostilities. The ordinary provisions of the Con-
stitution , peculiar to a state of peacc, and all laws
and municipal regulations must yield to the force
of martial law, as resolved by Congress.
Now, sir, upon principles of public law, what
are some of the rights of nations in a state of hos-
tilities ?
In war, says Grotius,
" Wc have a right to deprive the enemy of his posses-
sions—of anything which may augment his strength, and
enable him to make war. Whenever wc hive an oppor-
tunity, we seize our enemy's property and convert it to
our own use, and thus diminish his power and augment our
own, and obtain at least a pailial indemnification for what
constitutes the subject of the war, or for expenses, or losses
incurred in its piosecution—in a word, we do ourselves
justice."
In the language of Professor Martin:
" The conqueror has a right to seize on the property of
the enemy, whether movable or immovable. This maybe
done : 1. In oider to obtain what may be demanded to be
due. 2. To force the enemy to an equitable peace. 3, To
defray the expenses of the war. 4. To deter him, or by
reducing his strength, to hinder him, from repeating in fu-
ture the injuries winch have been the cause of the war.
And with this object in view, a Power at war lias a right
to destroy the possessions and pioperty of the enemy for
the express purposes of doing him mischief."
Says the Supreme Court:
" War gives the full right to take the persons and confis-
cate the pioperty of the enemy wherever found.15 u It may
be considered as the opinion of all who have written on the
jus belli, that war gives tlic right to confiscate."
In the case of The Rapid, which was the case of
the forfeiture of theproperty of a citizcn, the court
said:
" This is the first case since the organization of the Gov-
ernment in which this court has been called upon to assert
the rights of war against the property of the citizen. It is
with extreme hesitation, and under a deep sense of the so-
lemntty'of the duty which we are now called upon to dis-
chaige, that we proceed to adjudge the foifeiture of private
rights upon principles of public law highly penal in their
natute, and milbitunately too little understood."
u Hut a new btute of things has occurred, a new character
hat been aaumoti hy thit nation, which involves it in new
relations and confab on it new rights, which imposes a new
class oi obligations on our citizens and subjects them to
new penalties.''—8 Cranch, p. 61
We have now assumed that new character.
11 The nature and consequences of a state of war mustdi-
i cct us to the conclusions winch we are to form in this case.
Tn a state of war nation is known to nation only hv thcur
armed exterior, each threatening the other with conquest
or annihilation.'5
The court held that the power of Congress un-
der that provision of the Constitution which au-
thorizes it to make rules concerning captures on
land and water," loas an unrestricted power.
Thus, sir, we have seen that Congress is in-
vested with the whole power of war, and that
confiscation of the enemy's property is one of its
powers.
Confiscation, sir, is the fate of the property of
the belligerent—the penalty of war—and there can
be no fair pretense that these principles do not
apply in the ease of a domestic enemy. They are
| the ordinary dictates of justice to those who not
J only wantonly involve the counti y m the miseries
j of civil war, but who rob the loyal citizen of his
j propeity as a penalty for his loyalty.
1 Condemnation of the estate of the domestic enemy
of the nation is the current judgment of the civilized
world. Nay, more; it is the judgment of the na-
tion against any man who revolts. Every cir-
cumstance of this rebellion—its purpose, plan,
conduct—demand that the nation should enter up
this judgment against the conspirators, if its au-
thority is to be respected in the future. The pro-
tection and indemnity of the loyal citizen robbed
of his property require that this judgment should
be enforced. The popular sentiment of the nation
is for it; that of the civilized nations of the earth
will approve it.
Ana, sir, necessarily connected with the ques^.
tion of the confiscation of the property of rebels,
is that affecting his right to control his slave. That
principle or policy which dispossesses the rebel of
his property, would seem to deprive him of his
slave. If it be allowable to take his property to
"compel a peace,"f< to deter him, or by reducing his
strength to hinder him, from repeating in the fu-
ture the injuries which have been the cause of the
war," why not his slave, which is not less his
support and incentive to rebellion, and which is,
indeed, in this case the casus belli ?
Sir, the well-defined notions of mankind in re-
lation to persons and property, in peace or war,
seem wholly to fail to guide us when the shadow
of the sable African falls upon us. He is the rid-
dle we cannot tell; the nondescript we constantly
fail to comprehend; the visible outline of man with
the invisible quality of property, mysteriously
united,thatconfounds us; thegrimidolof an idol-
atry that shocks while it enchants and infatuates.
Plainly, that judgment which condemns the per-
son and property of the rebel, necessarily absolves
the allegiance of his slave.
The right to deal with the rebel, and the neces-
sity of his overthrow, is urgent, and yet we con-
stantly stumble on the methods of action.
There is a class of persons, here and elsewhere,
who, while they entertain no doubt of our power,
and the expediency of its exercise, to confiscate
the property of rebels, still deprecate all inter-
ference with their slaves. They constantly raise
imaginary distinctions, putting slave property on
grounds high above other rights of property,
which should exempt it from the casualties com-
mon to all municipal rights. It is supposed to pos-
sess a constitutional immunity, wholly unknown
to and above all other rights of property. The
honorable Senator from Virginia seems to parti-
cipate in these notions, to regard the " institution"
as possessing a sanctity akin to that which at-
taches to the Constitution—its existence essentially
the bond of union between the States, and which
was carefully protected by the framers of the Con-
stitution. " That a war for the liberation of slaves
would be a war for the overthrow of the Consti-
tution;" " an inhuman and unholy crusade against
American constitutionalliberty. " Thatthe trou-
bles," to use his language, " that now stare us in
the face are chargeable,not upon slavery, but upon
an unwarrantable agitation of the subject."
Now, sir, the plain import of all this impas-
sioned phrase is, that the existence-of the insti-
tution is indissolubly bound up with the Consti-
tution, and so an element of the essential life of
the nation. That the institution and the Consti-
tution must stand or fall, survive or perish, to-
gether. That slavery is not the guilty cause of
our troubles, and that to destroy it would be to
destroy the Constitution of the country.
Sir, in this view of the subject, the memorable
words "liberty and Union, one and inseparable,
now and forever," were an unmeaning figure of
spcech when uttered by the great expounder of
the Constitution in view of national penis; and
they are delusive now when pronounced from the
lips of the illustrious patriot Senator from Ten-
nessee, himself involved in all the miseries of civil
war. The rendering should have been, and should
now be, " slavery and Union, one and insepara-
ble, now and forever."
Sir, I do not care, at this time, to attempt the
refutation of this oft-asserted and as oft-refuted
political heresy; nor do I stop to take issue with
the honorable Senator whether slavery is the real
or the predisposing cause of the rebellion. Suffi-
cient that it is the ostensible cause, and the one
assigned by the eonspnators themselves. Neither
do I accept issue upon the immaterial question
whether "warforthelibcration of the slaves would
bo a war for the overthrow of the Union"—im-
material, because no such question arises on the
