2996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
the same time, you are dealing so tenderly with
them with respect to theirprapertyand their prop-
erty interests. So long as the great slaveholding
interest of America shall retain in its hands its
immense estates, so long it will have power to do
mischief in this country. "We can never crush
this rebellion except by laying our hands on the
property of these slaveholders, by driving them
into exile, by pauperizing them, so to speak. Prop-
erty is power. They control the whole property
interests of the South. They constitute to-day
one of the most formidable aristocracies on the
face of the earth, and they will ever be formida-
ble so long as they retain their immense property
interests.
This bill proposes to reach a class of open, no-
torious rebels, men who have been actively en-
gaged in this rebellion, men who occupy positions
tinder this confederate government, and the Sen-
ate of the United States hesitate as to whether they
will reachthat property or not; not, to bo sure, out
of tenderness to the rebels, but out of tenderness
to the loyal men of the border States. I have my
opinions as to the sentiments of the loyal men
of the border States, and I behove to-day that die
loyal men of the bolder States would carry this
measure of confiscation further than we carry
it. That is my opinion. I believe that four fifths
of the people ot Pennsylvania would sanction
the bill which the House of Representatives has
sent to us. It is true that in Pennsylvania, as in
other portions of the North, there is a party that
has from the beginning sympathized with this
rebellion, that has been averse to taking any
efficient steps against it. Armies have been
culled into the fu'ld and there i.s no voice raised
openly in the country against the marching of our
armies, or at least we hear of none; but we hear
from certain sources, from a party in Pennsylvania
and throughout the North, that they are opposed
to any effective moasuics) which shall reach and
cripple this slave power. They hope again to
form an alliance with itancl to control the Govern-
ment through it. Sir, 1 am for the House bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
wish to read some testimony which 1 have in my
hand, from the loyal men of the slave States. 1
have kept it till this moment, and 1 do not know
that 1 should adduce it now but for what 1 have
heard to-day from the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,! who undertook to speak for the
loyal people of the slnvo States. lean make no
sue.h pretense. 1 shall simply read the words of
at least two. The Senator from Pennsylvania
alluded particularly to the loyal men of Tennessee;
he said lie was anxious that their desires should
be carried out. Now, sir, 1 have to my hand a
letter from a gentleman known to many Senators
here; 1 know that ho was well known to Andrew
Johnson, for Mr. Johnson has spoken to me about
him. 1 shall not mention his name for the reason
which he gives in the postscript to his letter,
which 1 read first:
P, 3—I mi aorry to have to murk this letter priaate. But
I hope the day will come when n roan In the South can
afford to apoak without the tear or a pro-elnvory vigilance
committee" bclbio. Ills eyes. If this war bring not that day,
then k Is being fannin in vain. Use lay letter, but tuppicss
my name aatl locality from ihc papers.
The toter is dated May 17, I8G2. I have hnd
it in my dunver ever .since, thinking there might
be a moment Tor rending it. It is as follows;
May 17, 18Cyl.
9m: Tin' signs of the tunes indicate that the North is to
subdue the rebellion and theusuneudortu Kentucky,which
now spites to u\ke the place ot Virginia, that so long a*-
BUmo<l to dictate tln> national policy.
The moat impudent of all the demands of pro slavery men
till* last—that rebels Miatl not lose their negroes, which
b) thoh treason they have forfeited. I have *>me ica^on
to fear that the too lenient North will courteously concede
that point. You northerners consult your pockets while
the boutli grabs for empire. Thai is our hhtory and your
history in Congress tin; last fifty years.
The confiscation bills, thf mo^t radical of them, should
pass, so framed as to reach every negro belonging to every
man in arm* against the Government. It i-= now plead on
behalf of the common soldiers that they were " deluded1'1
into rebellion. Let them be taught to cultivate si better
judgment, or they may be deluded into rebellion again. The
too susceptible North is believing the war nearlyended. It
is not so. The South must and will vet light. L know these
rebels and their surrounding, and in my opinion they will
prolong the war. And the military neoos^Hvmay tpeedily
oi i*e (probably at Corinth) that will justifv the deciee of
emancipation which, if I am correctly mfoimed, Mr. Lin-
coln has, jn that event, promised. Let a come! And then
let Kentucky rebel, + * * •* while we have
thevantageground. * ■* * I am with you,
believing, as I do, that the greatest lewdness that can be
offered my native section is to rid it of slavery and negroes.
Let u  have no more pro-slavery Democratic generals
made.
And let the Yankee soldier who has entered Tennessee,
to relieve Union mcn,iefuse to lay down his arms until he
be guarantied the right of Yankee tree speech on the soil
of Tennessee hencetbtth forever.
Why, sii, we bad a grand Union meeting at Nashville
last Monday, and its members, while avowing themselves
for the Union, took most deliberate pains to show they
have no more fellowship with Lincoln and abolitionists
than have the rebels! And in their resolutions I fail to
find a vote of thanks to northern men for coming to their
jelief! Will you and Senator Wilson please make a note
of it ?
1 have been wondering if Mr. Seward has forgotten what
he so earnestly promised in Ohio: " Slavery can and must
be abolished, and you and 1 can and must doit." My judg-
ment ts It will beaboli^hed, if ever, by a military decree,
and that the necessity for such deciee. will soon present
itself. Congress already has the occasion for freeing fully
one third of the negroes who are involved in the rebellion.
Let that be done to begin with. Yesterday's telegrams an-
nounced that General Hunter has proclaimed free the ne-
groes In South Carolina and Georgia. I hope it is true, and
that it will not be " modified."
Who ho blind as not to sec that there cannot and will not
be peace in the United States as long as there shall be a
slave in it? It is a terrible contemplation, and let thelact
be faced by men u terribly in earnest."
If the militaiy necessity be clear, Union men South will
.submit, so bitter i* their hatred ot their lite-long political
antagonists, the Democrat--, who got up the rebellion.
**********
It occurs to me that a discreet pressure may be brought
to bear now, such as to forever iid these States of <;the
everlasting curse of human bondage." Let it be done, Mr.
Sumnek. If the North let this opportunity slip, she will
deserve to have the past repeat itself upon her.
f am, sir, with sincete and profound respect, your friend
and obedient servant,
 j of Tennessee.
Hon. Charles Sumniir.
The letter was, however, written in Kentucky,
where the gentleman was for the moment. I have
also another letter which I believe I received yes-
terday, dated at Memphis, Tennessee, June 21,
1862, as follows;
" Dear Sir : For the sake of our children and of future
generations, do not permit the horrors and sorrows of an-
other civil war, similar to that from which we are now
emerging, to be inflicted upon our devoted country. This
can only be effected, and the benefits of the present war
made permanent, bv doing away with the cause of all our
troubles, slavery. I am a southerner, and much as I love
the South, my childien, and my slave property, I am will-
ing to part with the latter for the common good of our whole
country, North and South. I see that slavery must event-
ually disappear hum this continent, and that we as a peo-
ple, whether united or divided, can have no peace or pros-
perity so long as if exist* among us. I am therefore advo-
cating the bests interests of the South when I favor the
most suto and speedy mode of doing away with slavery.
" I have, long opposed you politically, because my inter-
ests were opposed to your principles, yet E have always
believed you to be an honest man, and in heart I have felt
as you have. I am now willing to forget my own and ad-
vocate my countiy's cause. My idea of the best mode of
('mancipation isthis: let the Government provide a line of
steaniein to take the liberated negroes out ot the country."
This will have the sympathy of my friend from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That meets my sympathy
precisely, and I noticcd in the other letter which
the honorable Senator read, that there was an ex-
pression thatagreat blessing to the country would
oe to get rid of slavery and the negroes.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 read it all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And when my honorable
friend will get to the point that he will see that
question and appreciate it, [ have hopes that the
whole question is to be settled, i presume he is
coming to the point*, he is taking good evidence.
Mr. SUMNER. I am now readingthe letter.
It proceeds:
"Let itateo pay $100 per bead to the owners (bona fide)
of slaves who shall present them on board of these Govern-
ment vessels for transportation. And let the Government
then declare that on and after the 1st day of January, 1^6-i,
slavery shall not exist within the limits ot the United States.
This or anything similar that will insure a speedy and prac-
ticable emancipation, will please me and thousands of oth-
ers in the South. If the Government is determined on con-
fiscation of rebel property, let the proceeds be applied to the
good of the South as well as North, by carrying out this
plan."
1 have nothing to add to these letters.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to enter
into this debate; but the Senator from Massachu-
setts has chosen to read letters without giving us
the names of the parties who undertake to rep-
resent the sentiments of the people of the border
States and the southern States. I think it my duty
to say to the Senate, knowing the feelings of those
people, that the sentiments expressed in these let-
ters will not meet the approval of one man in five
thousand in any slave State of the Union. That
is all I wish to say.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not pretend to
speak for the loyal men of Kentucky; but I do
know that so far as came within my observation
in the State of Missouri, the sentiments expressed
in those letters are true, that with one accord they
desire the property of rebels to be confiscated and
the slaves of rebels emancipated.
Mr. POWELL. "Whatmay be the factin Mis-
souri I am not particularly advised, but i think
it is not the case in my State.
Mr. SUMNER. This letter speaks for Ten-
nessee, not for Kentucky.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to take
any part further in this debate. I have given my
views and my opinions upon this subject and I
am ready to vote, and I hope sincerely that the
Senate will proceed immediately to a vote on this
question, and all the questions involved in the con-
fiscation measure. In reference to the views en-
tertained by the people of Missouri, I do not deem
it necessary to say anything at the present time.
1 have attempted here in my course upon this
question to represent all the ioyai people of Mis-
souri, and 1 have no doubt that my votes will rep-
resent the loyalty of that State. Inasmuch as I
have been sent here to represent that people, I am
willing to let those votes and my action here go
before tWem as the true index of the sentiments of
the loyal people of that State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I de-
sire to state that my colleague, Mr. Wilson, is
absent from his place, being very unwell. Were
he here, he would vote in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays Tl; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Nesmith, Rice, Sim-
mons-, Stark, Ten Eyck, and VVtlley—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Grimes, Hale, Howard, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Moiull, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Sumner,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer an additional sec-
tion as an amendment:
Sec. —. *ftnd be it further enacted, That the Piesident of
he United States i-s hereby authorized to negotiate for the
acquisition, by treaty or otherwise, of lands or counuies in
Mexico, Central America, or South America, or in the isl-
ands of tbt: Gulf ot Mexico, or for the right of settlement
upon the lands of said countries; and whenever any lands
shall have been so acquired, or whenever the right of set-
tlement shall have been so secured in any of said countries,
then the President shall cause all the persons who shall
have been liberated under the provisions of this act, to be
removed, with their own consent, at such times and under
such regulations as he may deem expedient, to the coun-
tries so acquired, or in which the right of settlement has
been so secured, and shall cause a reasonable quantity of
land, not exceeding forty acres to any individual, or eighty
acres to the head of a family, to be set apart for the use of
such liberated persons, and shall guaranty to all such per-
sons so removed, all the civil and political rights secured to
all other cituens in said countries; and for the purpose of
paying the expense of the purchase of such lands or coun-
tries as aforesaid, and the removal of said persons, the Pres-
ident shall use such sum or sums, not exceeding $500,000,
from moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
as may bo necessary therefor; and the amount so used shall
be returned to the Treasury as Congress may from time to
time direct, from moneys arising out of the sales of the
properly formerly owned by rebels and which shall have
been confiscated to the use of the United States.
I merely wish to state that this is the sixth sec-
tion of the House bill with an amendment, and the
amendment is that the President may use §500,000
for this purpose, and that the money shall be re-
turned to the Treasury out of the proceeds aris-
ing from this confiscation, if there be any.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. Whoever has perused the bill of the
Senate will see that that matter came under the
consideration of the committee, and they have
provided for it in section twelve as far as they
thought they ought to go. That section is in these
words:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Presidentof
the United States is hereby authorized to make provision
forthe transportation, colonization, and settlement,in some
tropical country beyond the limits of the United States, of
such persons of the African race, made free by the provis-
ions of this act, as may be willing to emigrate, having first
obtained the consent of the Government of said country to
