1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2997
their protection and settlement within the same, with all
the rights and privileges of freemen.
That is as far as the committee thought they
should go. They do not provide for negotiation
to acquire territory, but to settle these persons in
some other country where they can be under the
protection of the local Government.
Mr. WILKINSON. laakwhetherto make that
section effective it will not be necessary that some
provision should be made supplying the President
with the means to accomplish it. I do not know
but that the section as it stands is broad enough
to enable the President to accomplish what is de-
sired; but it seems to me there should be some
money appropriated.
Mr! CLARK. The committee did not think
proper to put any appropriation of money in the
bill, because it will be time enough to put that in
when the President has occasion for it, and finds
that these people are desirous to emigrate; and
again if we put it here, I am told it will have to
go to the Committee of the Whole in the House
of Representatives, and it may embarrass the pas-
sage of the bill. I think the provision as it stands
a wise one. It was maturely considered, and I
hope it will not be interfered with by the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer this amendment
as a measure of economy. It is well known to
Senators that the Government is now feeding at
an immense expense a large number of negroes
on account of the present condition of things grow-
ing out of this war, and I suppose it will be really
a matter of economy if this appropriation should
be made. I have offered the amendment in good
faith, and with that view.
Mr. CLARK. I have not the least idea that
the Senator has not offered it in good faith. I
have never had occasion to find fault with the
faith of that Senator, and I do not believe I ever
shall. I do not mean to impugn his motives here
or elsewhere. But let me say that though it is
very true that the Government may be feeding
some of these men, there are people ready to take
them out of the country when they are ready to
go. It may not be within the knowledge of Sen-
ators, but sull it is a fact that within a month a
vessel load 1ms gone from this very Potomac i iver,
taken away by people interested, without any
expense to the Government. It is hardly worth
while to appropriate money so long as that is done.
Mr. POMEROY. I had prepared an amend-
ment which I was going to offer to this section of
the bill. I suppose it is not really in order to offer
it at this time. Can an amendment be offered to
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota?
Is the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota
susceptible of being amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is open to
amendment. Thatbeinganamendment,an amend-
ment to the amendment would be in order,
Mr. FOSTER. The original bill, I beg to sug-
gest, stands as an amendment now; and the prop-
osition of the Senator from Minnesota is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire has
become part of the bill, the principal bill now be-
fore the body, and no amendment can be made
modifying or with reference to a modification of
that already adopted; but additional sections are
treated as independent amendments, in the view
of the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not disposed to resist
the colonization of colored persons who may be
emancipated under the provisions of this bill, if
any should be, although I do not intend to advo-
cate it. I do not believe it is a good policy; but
I do think that there is a class of persons whom
we can safely colonizo, and who, with a due regard
to the public interests, should be colonized. We
cannot kill everybody. There is a class of per-
sons that are very dangerous to the liberty of the
country, who get up rebellions, who are not pro-
ducers; and they are so assimilated with this class
of slaves that gentlemen desire to colonize, they
have been so loving in their lives, that I would
not divide them in their deaths. [Laughter.] My
amendment is to add to the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas will suspend. The Chair is inclined,
on considciation, to concur with the Senator from
Connecticut. The amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire has been adopted as an amend-
ment in Committee of the Whole, and is open as
an amendment to another vote when the bill shall
be reported to the Senate. It does stand yet in
the nature of an amendment. So the proposition
of the Senator from Minnesota, although an addi-
tional section, is nevertheless in the nature of an
amendment to an amendment; and being an amend-
ment to an amendment, it is not open to further
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will only state the
amendment; and if when we come into the Sen-
ate it be in order to move it, I shall move it at that
time. I was stating that the class of persons that
this bill proposes to colonize are not the class, in
my opinion, that it is expedient to colonize as a
class. They are laborers; they are producers;
they are loyal citizens; they are not dangerous.
1 never knew of their getting up rebellions, and
rarely ever an insurrection. They have been from
the foundation of the Government, as far as I
know, supporters of the Government and faithful
to their duties. But there is a class of slave-mas-
ters that have been more or less connected with
this rebellion, that were the getters up of it, and
I am told and have been told by some Senators
here that they cannot live without their slaves; I
have been told that there is a strong affection ex-
isting between the master and his slave; and my
amendment would go to heal, in some measure,
that difficulty by keeping them together.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
is earnest and eloquent on the subject of coloniz-
ing the blacks. They are not offensive to any
body that I know of in their slavery, but the mo-
ment they are free they have all the difficulties
about them, and I do not know but even all the
diseases, that could come from Pandora's box.
So, to obviate the difficulty that seems to exist in
the minds of men, when they become free, I, in
my amendment, propose to colonize them all to-
gether, rebel masters and their slaves. If they
are so lovely together, if one cannot exist with-
out the other, for 1 am assured on all hands that
the slaves cannot take care of themselves and that
the masters cannot take cure of themselves, I think
that is a good reason why, when we undertake a
system of colonization, we should keep them to-
gether. They were born together, they have been
bred together, they have been rocked in the same
cradle, they have been nursed by the same moth-
ers, and there is every consideration, in my opin-
ion, why they should be kept together, if we are
going, as a nation, to adopt this system of coloni-
zation.
Besides, as I have said, these slave-masters as
a general thing are not producers; they are not
laborers. The financial resources of the country-
would not suffer in their absence, as they will if
you take away the laboring class. At the proper
time I think I shall introduce and urge an amend-
ment for the colonization of all slave-masters who
arc rebels, and who have been convicted under
the provisions of this bill, and not sentenced to
be executed, because it must come home to the
heart of every man that a large class, an immense
class, of citizens cannot be executed. This bill
proposes to convict them^ut you cannot hang
them. The heart of the civilizcd world would
come up against us if we should undertake to
hang by thousands and tens of thousands. There
is not homp enough in the market, or rope enough,
with which to hang these men by classes, and I
think that we should substitute the milder pun-
ishment of colonization. The English Govern-
ment have done that. They have had a Yan
Dieman's Laud. We might purchase an island
to take that class of citizens to who are dangerous
to the Republic, and who get up rebellions. If the
committee arc really in earnest in proposing to
colonize any class, let them take the class we can
spare, take the class that are dangerous to us, not
think of slaughtering them by thousands, but re-
move them to some island; and if gentlemen insist
upon it, remove them with their slaves. As I
said,as they have been lovely together in life, let
us not divide them in death.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Kansas, if he is serious, that to expatriate one of
those persons it must be in pursuance of a sen-
tence for crime.
Mr. POMEROY. I provide that they are first
to be convicted.
Mr. GRIMES. That amendment is not before
us.
Mr. CLA.RK. I beg pardon; I forgot the deci-
sion of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota to add an additional section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
section of the bill that relates to colonization read,
and then the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota. As we have not got them in print before
us, I should like, to have the two read, to see
whether they are consistent with each other, and
can both be put together in the same bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, and the
twelfth section of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota that if his amendment be adopted
there is a defect in it in one particular, that may
have escaped his attention. After the words
"Gulf of Mexico," the words " or the Carib-
bean sea," ought to be inserted. The Caribbean
sea, perhaps, might be regarded as containing the
island of riayti.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will insert those words.
I so modify my amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is one very grave
difference between the two propositions. The
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota guar-
anties, on the part of our Government, all the
righ ts of citizens to the expatriated persons, where-
as, as the twelfth section is in the bill, it merely
provides that the Governments under whose juus-
diction they settle shall guaranty them all those
rights. We shall involve ourselves in the chance
of a war with any Government to which these
people may be sent according to this amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. Not at all. The'Presi-
dent of the United States will see that this law is
faithfully executed, and he will not send or suffer
them to be transported until the provisions of this
amendment arc carried out in advance.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I understand the amend-
ment guaranties to them all the rights of citizen-
ship on the part of the President.
Mr. SHERMAN. I sec no occasion for this
amendment. The act abolishing slavery in the
Distitct of Columbia confers on the President
authority to negotiate for a proper place to colonize
free negroes. The amendment,asalready adopted,
provides for the principles of colonization, that
all persons who are emancipated by the bill may,
at their own pleasure, be colonized. The only dif-
ference is that the amendment contains an appro-
priation. I do not think that in a bill of this char-
acter any appropriation should be made except
simply to carry into effect incidental expenses.
Any appropriation bill could provide for the
proper sums of money to carry into operation the
law when itis passed. I think, therefore, it would
be idle to put two sections on this bill relating to
colonization. They would be to some extent in-
consistent with each other; they would not be in
harmony with each other; and I think, therefore,
that the amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not think the two
sections are necessarily inconsistent with each
other. Thisscction is more in detail than the one
in the bill; that is all there is about it.
Mr. WILLEY. I think there is an inconsist-
ency, as suggested by the Senator from Ohio, be-
tween the section already in the amendment as
voted upon a while ago, and that proposed by the
Senator from Minnesota. There seems to me to
be an incongruity. 1 think the section in the bill
reported by the committee is sufficient, and I
move to strike out all the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota after the enacting
clause, and insert the following.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
already had occasion to rule that, inasmuch as this
is an amendment to an amendment, another amend-
ment cannot be entertained. The question is on
the amendment moved by the Senator from Min-
nesota.
Mr. WILLEY. Before the vote, then, I will
say that, if it shall not pass, with a view of indi-
cating what my purpose is, I will offer the follow-
ing as an independent section:
And be it farther enacted, That the sum of $1,000,000 is
hereby appropriated, out of any moneys* in the Tieasury ot
the United States not otherwise appropriated, to be applied
by the President m cairying into effect the provisions ot the
 section of this bill.
I forget the number of the section in regard to
colonization.
