1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBTL
record, and is wholly foreign to the facts involved
in the national controversy.
There can be 110 fair pretense for saying that
the Government has made war, or prosecuted war,
for " the liberation of slaves," or that it has made
war at all; it lias, at most, waged war already
begun upon it. The manner of conducting war
thus begun upon itis the Government's high pre-
rogative, and is not to be questioned by those who
assail it and stand in the relation of its domestic
s enemies. Let those who take the sword abide its
stern arbitrament. But, sir, if slavery makes war
011 the nation for any purpose, I maintain the right
of the Government, under Ihe Constitution, to de-
fend itself, atid in doing so " to liberate the slaves"
of rebels; tnd that whenever and howsoever the
question arises between the " existence of the in-
stitution" and the Constitution—slavery and the
Union—the former must go to the wall, must perish,
if necessary to preserve the latter; and that this
may be done in the name and in the behalf of''Amer-
ican constitutional liberty."
The Government has inaugurated no war on
slavery; but, sir, it has raised the great battle-ax
of war on rebellion, and on whatever is insepar-
ably connected with rebellion—its guilty cause and
support. Let no man plead to avert the penalties
awarded to those who wantonly take the sword
against the life of the nation ! The right of slavery
to " exemption from interference within its local-
ity" is lost in its audacious revolt and armed as-
sault on the Government; its cry " to bcletalone"
amid the cannonading of Sumter, is a shallow pre-
tense to conceal a wicked purpose.
Sir, that " the institution" is inseparable from
"American constitutional liberty" and the Union
formed by the founders of the Government, I deny
with all the emphasis of my being. This is the
great delusion of the times—"thedircful spring"
of all our political woes. No greater fallacy was
ever asserted than this attempt thus to link "the
institution" and the Constitution indissolubly to-
gether, to ingraft the former upon the latter, to
make slavery the corner-stone of the nation, to be
guarded and protected by the Government.
In a national sense, "the institution" has no
legal basis whatever. Its aspirations for national
recognition and protection are as foreign to the
purposes and principles of the Governmentofour
fathers, under the Constitution, as would be a
pretension for recognition of the systems of ap-
prenticeship, or any other purely local usage,
good or bad. It rests, like all other local rights, on
the municipal law or usage, and will, of course,
be left to the control of the local authority so long
as it docs the nation no harm, and threatens
none. I freely concede its right to be exempt
from interference by the nation—to deal with it
is clearly beyond the ordinary powers of Con-
gress; but when it revolts, brings on war, public
disorder, menaces the life of the nation, it then
subjects itself to the rules of war, and to the pen-
alties of war at the hands of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Sir, the questions thatdivide us arc not so much
questions of power as what the safety of the na-
tion demands. And here we shall all" agree, that
whatever faction or class, interest or institution,
raises jtselfagainst the Government, must pay the
penalty for its temerity by beingitselfovcrthrown.
And wherefore this rebellion ? Let the history of
American politics in the last quarter of a century
answer. The constantly increasing sentiment fa-
vorable to slavery in tin* South, the demand for
acquisition of territory, for change of national pol-
icy, for " expansion," for " equality," for " pro-
tection," settled hostility to free institutions, in-
tolerance of opinions once current and common
to the whole country, and at length open assault
upon the early measures of the Government, and
final demand for intervention in favor of the " in-
stitution." These show why war is levied on a
Government against which no man at anytime
has rightfully uttered a complaint.
We must deal with events as we find them pre-
sented to us. The nation's necessary is to put
down whatever disturbs its repose, is hostile to
its peace, menaces its existence. The slavehold-
ers have taken up arms against the Government.
Their property and their slaves are their stay
and support, their means of carrying on the war.
They have forced upon the Government the dread
alternative of war or .submission to dismember-
ment and subversion. To avert a disaster so
terrible as the overthrow of free government, the
calamities of civil war, even, are welcomed by the
nation. More than half a million of free men,
with no other purpose than defense of that Gov-
ernment, have accepted arms and are now encoun-
tering the perils and hardshipsof war. They have
stood guard for long, long months behind a line
dividing loyal and disloyal States, to protect the
Federal authority and preserve the natiorfal cap-
ital, their numbers diminishing daily by disease,
the covert attacks and stealthy shot of the enemy,
while south of that line have been exhibited the
revolting scenes of vengeful war. And now, sir,
when wfi arc forced to contemplate an advance into
the enemy's country, our great solicitude seems
to be how we can best do so with least possible
injury to the foe; and whether, indeed, it is " con-
stitutional " to advance at all, if thereby the in-
stitution of slavery is to be endangered.
Those who have placcd themselves in the con-
dition, and who maintain the purposes of enemies
to this Government, have no rights of property or
person which should restrain the nation in the ad-
vance of its armies. The laws of battle they
have in voiced, the precious interests they have im-
periled, the great necessity they have forced upon
us, justify and urge the advance for their over-
throw, the seizure and condemnation of their prop-
erty; and here, itis said, you must pause; you
may not annul the right to control the slave, the
causc and strength of the war.
Sir, higher responsibilities wore never imposed
on any nation than are now devolved upon the
American people. Not before was so much staked
upon a single issue—the experiment of free institu-
tions, the capacity of man to govern himself. A
malignant aristocracy, privileged and tolerated,
although alien to the principles of the Govern-
ment, at length seeks to supplant democracy.
Jefferson Davis is founding an empire within our
limits, and desires " to be let alone." Stephens
is laying broad and deep the foundations of a
government of which slavery is to be the chief
corner-stone, and " wants to be let alone." Mr.
Speaker Bocock proclaims a constitution founded
on a " different philosophy "from that of our fath-
ers, and " wants to be let alone." Secession is
breaking up a great nation, and desires " to be let
alone." Slaveholders are founding a despotism
in the heart of the Republic, and demand " to be
let alone." The enemies offree governmcntcvcry-
whcrc are holding high carnival, and if we do not
join in, we are expected not by violence or indis-
creetness to disturb the festivities of the occasion.
We are admonished by all the malcontents in
Christendom that we are endangering our Christ-
ian character by our obstinate refusal to be ruined;
that " the whole doctrine of coercion" of such as
neglect their duty to Government, is barbarous and
inhuman, and thattf conciliation" is truly the great
function of Government; that national resistance to
armed conspirators, and measures of self-preser-
vation against organized rebellion, arc cruel usur-
pations.
Sir, what we are witnessing and encountering
is the old struggle of a class for power and priv-
ilege which has so often convulsed the world, re-
pcatingitselfm our history. A class identified with
a local and exceptional institution, grown pow-
erful through political representation, demands to
govern. It has its origin in the idea and mixed
motives of a southern commercial center, and of the
social and political supremacy of a class through
the servitude of a race.
To this end they have conspired, have persist-
ently inculcated the malignant heresy of seces-
sion, and at length forced the fatal issue upon the
nation through the action of the States, in total
disregard of the will of the people. Sir, to those
who have incited sedition and planned rebellion,
let the penalties of their gieat dimes be awaided.
To the people, deceived and misled, upon re-
turn to allegiance, give the assurance of amnesty,
protection, and the privileges of free institutions,
free schools, homesteads, even-handed justice, and
equality of political rights; privileges that enno-
ble and elevate the masses into the dignity of a
sovereign people, and give to popular government
a secure suppoit.
Sir, if would be a libel on human nature tosup-
' pose that the great body of the people of the South
. enter with alacrity into the purposes of the con-
j{ spiratois to ovei throw this popular government,
■f and to found a government on slavery. 1 would
therefore discriminate in thcir'favor, and seek,to,
establish in those States a commonalty, with the
privileges and immunities which make the people
truly sovereign, in the place of an odious aristoc-
racy, who having betrayed, are no further entitled
to the protection of the Government* . ^
Sir, in this great national drama there are many
interests and persons represented, domestic'and
foreign. "Enacted here, in the freest and most,
prosperous nation of the earth, and on a so,ale .of*
unequaled grandeur, it will not fail to stir'the
pulse of the people and convulse the Groveroments
of all Europe. ' -
The cast of the tragedy will naturally move the'
people of the Old World with lively emotioris of
sympathy for a Government that from the be-
ginning, by its lofty declaration in favor of human
rights, had inspired them with hope, while it will
arouse the passions and excite the prejudices of
classes and factions always inimical to our great
example and experiment.
In this great trial the people of old England,
from whom we are descended, will, I am sure,
prove now,as always heretofore,our friends; the
Government, whose tyranny drove our fathers
hither, as always heretofore, so now our enemy,
and that upon principles so natural as that it
should surprise nobody. The English people and'
the Anglo-Americans are in favor of free gov-
ernment everywhere; not so with the "governing
classes" so called.
If, in the providence of Heaven, external ele-
ments are to " intervene"in this domestic strife, it
may serve to prolong and intensify the struggle;
it will not render doubtful the issue.
The patriot endeavor, and religious duty of the
nation is to maintain the American experiment
of popular government as a power on this conti-
nent, in harmony with the purposes of the patriots
who planned and set that Government in motion,
in spite of foes, foreign and domestic. To main-
tain this purpose and conduct this issue to a pros-
perous termination, the people are fully committed,
and will not turn aside or falter, though their foes
multiply and gather until the enemies of popular
rights are everywhere combined against them.
Sir, this purpose of the American people is in
harmony with the* civilization of the age—the
holiest aspirations of the ages—with that truth
and justice whose reign is eternal.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I desire to
address the Senate upon the subject now under
consideration, but do notpropose to do so to-day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will you
give way for other business?
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to suspend all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up a little bill and
pass it, to authorize the President to appoint a
commissioner to revise the laws of this District
and report to us at the present session. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it. It is Senate
bill No. 222.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
the bill under discussion will lose its place by
that?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Browning] takes the floor to speak
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it be the order to-
morrow at one o'clock if it goes over now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) So the Chair understands. The Sen-
ator from Illinois has the floor, and gives way for
the motion submitted by the Senator from Iowa.
laws of tub district.
' Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the Senate
bill (No. 222) to provide for the codification and
revision of the laws of the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the "Whole. The iirst
section empowers the President to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a suit-
able person, learned in the law, to revise and
codify the laws of the District of Columbia; and
the second section provides that the person ap-
pointed shall receive ten dollars per day for his
seivices while so employed, und shall render a
final report of his revision ami codification to Con-
gress on or before the 10th day of May next.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out in line
two, of section two, after the word " shall," the
words " reccive ten dollars per day for his services
