1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Not content with the brilliant opportunities of
this Chamber, he accepted a commission in the
Army, and vaulted from the Senate to the saddle
—as he had already vaulted from Illinois to Cali-
fornia. With a zeal that never tired, after re-
cruiting men, drawn by the attraction of his name,
in New York and Philadelphia, and elsewhere, he
held his brigade in camp near the Capitol, so that
he passed easily from one to the other, and thus
alternated between the duties of a Senator and a
general.
His latter career was short though shining. At
a disastrous encounter near Ball's Bluff he fell,
pierced by nine balls. That brain, which liad
been the seat and organ of such subtle power,
swaying assemblies, and giving to this child of
obscurity place and command among his fellow-
men, was now rudely shattered, and that bosom
which had throbbed so bravely was rent by nu-
merous wounds. He died with his face to the
foe; and he died so instantly that he passed with-
out pain fro.r the service of his country to the ser-
vice of his God. It is sweet and becoming to die
for one's country. Such a death, sudden but not
unprepared for, is the crown of the patriot sol-
dier's life.
But the question is painfully asked, who was
the author of this tragedy, nowfillingthe Senate
Chamber, as it has already filled the country, with
mourning? There is a strong desire to hold some-
body responsible, where so many perished so un-
profitably. But we need not appoint committees
or study testimony in order to know precisely
who took this precious life. The great criminal is
easily detected. The guns, the balls, and the men
that fired them are of little importance. It is the
power behind them all, saying, " the State, it is
I," which took this precious life; and this power
is slavery. The nine balls which slew our de-
parted brother came from slavery. Everygaping
wound of his lacerated bosom testifies against
slavery. Every drop of his generous blood cries
outfiom the giound against slavery. To hold
others responsible is to hold the humble agent
and to dismiss the giant principal. Nor shall we
do great service if we merely criticise some local
blunder, while we leave untouched thatfatal inac-
tivity through which the weakness of the rebel-
lion is changed into strength, and the strength of
our armies is changed into weakness.
Let not our grief to-day be a hollow pageant;
let it not expend itself in this funeral pomp. It
must become a motive and an impulse to patriot
action. But patriotism itself, thai commanding
charity, embracing so many other charities, is
only a name, and nothing else, unless you resolve
that slavery, the barbarous enemy of our coun-
try, the irreconcilable foe of our Union, the vio-
lator of our Constitution, the disturber of our
peace, the vampire of our national life, sucking
its best blood, the assassin of our children, and
the murderer of our dead Senator, shall be over-
turned. The just A venger is at hand, with weapon
of celestial temper. Let it be drawn. Until this
is done, the patriot, discerning clearly the secret
of our weakness, can only say sorrowfully—
- " bleed, bleed, poor country.
Great tyranny, lay thou thy basis sine,
For goodness dares not check thee !"
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, several years
ago, in my own home, one of the most brilliant
tributes to the talented dead I ever heard fell from
the lips ofhim whose memory we to-dayuniteto
honor. After a feeling review of the eloquence
and genial nature of the gifted Ferguson, Colonel
Baker suddenly paused, and, with a sadness of
tone that was a fitting echo to the thought, ex-
claimed, " Who will tiuisspeak of me when lam
dead?" The desire then expressed, but no doubt
soon forgotten, is more than fulfilled 111 the just
tribute we must all pay to the gallant Baker.
Mr. President, during the lifetime of the de-
ceased, although not classified among his warm-
est friends, yet our relations were of the most
amicable and cordial nature. Always opposed in
political opinion, through several stnfeful years,
the pleasant recollection yet remains of not one
unkind word or act to bbght the respect felt for
him while living, and my sincere sorrow at his
death. I never knew a man of more kindness of
disposition, more willing to make allowance for
the shortcomings common to all, or more ready
in praise, when deserved. Seemingly conscious
of his power, he never deemed it necessary for
his own advancement to disparage true talent and
personal worth in others. An entire absence of
vindictive malice, the quick forgetfulness of even
an injury or wrong inflicted, quiet composure
amid trying scenes of an eventful life, all bespoke
those gentle qualities which made him a fond
father, a good husband, and a devoted friend.
It is not my purpose to analyze Colonel Baker's
character. Others, who enjoyed more of his con-
fidence, can speak more accurately. If one qual-
ity marked him in public life more than any other,
and impressed his whole career, it was his single-
ness of purpose. His early struggles in life, his
self-taught mind, his school of adversity, his
ardent and political temperament, all infused into
his very soul the most powerful and sincere love
of individual emulation and freedom, in the broad-
est acceptation of that term. He has left upon
record as glowing sentiments as ever fell from the
lips of man in that great cause. Upon this sub-
ject, on every occasion—at the bar, on the hus-
tings, and in the Senate—wherever his mind seized
upon it, it became not " eloquence," it was fiery
inspiration. Views upon the rights of human
liberty and the dignity of free labor, were with
him 110 "mawkish sentimentality;" they con-
trolled and influenced his whole life from boyhood
to the grave. Hence it was that when this un-
precedented rebellion raised its front against our
just and free Government, Senator Baker, by his
life and the occupation of each moment, was will-
ing to prove the sincerity of his words. Buttwo
weeks prior to his death, he remarked to me, as
he had to others: " I shall nevercome outof this
struggle alive. The presentiment of death is upon
me." Even then the dark wings of the coming
messenger were over him, and he walked coura-
geously forward beneath their sad shadow—
" As drops of rain fall into some dark well,
And lroin below comcs a scarce audible sound,
So fall our thoughts into the dat k hereafter,
And their mysterious echo readies us."
Endeavoring to persuade him that he should
not give way to gloomy forebodings, well calcu-
lated to destroy his peace of mind and usefulness
in his duties, I shall never forget, Senators, the
sad but earnest manner in which he replied: " I
am charged with having much to do by my speech
in bringing these troubles upon our country. I
only hope to have more to do by my acts in end-
ing them."
" Among innumerable false, unmoved.
Unshaken, unsoduced, unterrified,
His loyalty lie kept, his love, his zeal;
Nor number, nor example with him wrought
To swerve from truth or change his constant mind,
Though single."
The most brilliant mental efforts of his life are
not upon record. The sudden bursts of his often
matchless eloquence have passed away with the
time and occasion of their utterance. Those pre-
served of his addresses on different occasions are
cold and formal, compared with others uttered
without premeditation, when under the inspira-
tion of the moment his mind glowed with the fire
of genius and strength. His case and grace of
delivery, his felicity of expression, his wonderful
flow of harmonious language, the musical intona-
tions of his voice, can never be forgotten by those
who have heard him in many of his happy efforts.
His eulogies upon Senator Broderick and Mr.
Ferguson, a State senator of California, are speci-
mens of the highest oratorical pathos; while his
oration in Sail Francisco upon celebrating the
laying of the Atlantic cable, contains passages of
the greatest sublimity and beauty. In my judg-
ment, his impromptu reply to Senator Breckin-
ridge, during our session in .Tuly, was his ablest in
the Senate. But the genial nature, the eloquent
tongue, the mind which reveled in its own exu-
berant creations, now sleeps in thosecerements
which at last embrace with their chill folds all the
children of men.
Mr. President, let us not mourn the death of
our companion. With my estimate of his char-
acter it was a noble conclusion to an almost ro-
mantic history. As we arc told
"The paths of glory lead but to the grave,"
why regret the certain end, when the feet of the
noble dead have trod all the flowery ways of en-
thusiasm, eloquence, and patriotism ? Colonel
Baker was ambitious—he died a Senator; he was
eloquent—he held a Senate captive and heard the
plaudits of anadmiringpeople; he was patriotic-
he could do no more than sacrifice his life upon the
altar of his country amid the shock of battle, and
leading the van. The measure Of human aims
with him was complete. Half a century of wih-
ters had scattered their snows upon his head*-i
public judgment had awarded him a place among
the most eloquent, and thus honored and beloved
he has filled his destiny.
Our people on the far-off Pacific will gather
around his bier and by silent tears testify' nothis
but their own loss anu affliction. ' " ■
The restless waves of a great ocean will mean
for ages to come beside his grave, and his honored
ashes lie in the peaceful shadow of the Lone
Mountain, that natural monument for the loved
and lost of our new empire.
The resolutions were adopted unanimously,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December II, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
DISTRIBUTION 01 BOOKS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the resolution of the House, adopted on
the 15th oF July last, in relation to the distribution of books
ordered to be printed by the last House, shall not operate
to deprive any number of the present House from receiv-
ing such books or other documentary matter as lie would
have been entitled to receive but for the adoption of the said
resolution: Provided, That no books or other documents
shall hereafter be furnished to such members as have been
expelled the House, or to their orders.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
this is a privileged question; fa^t if there be no
objection, the resolution can be offered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I thinlc that that
resolution misapprehends the original one of J uly.
Mr, MAYNARD. I have the original resolu-
tion before me, and will send it to the Clerk's
desk to be read. The object I have in view is to
get rid of the effect of an interpretation of that
resolution made at the folding-room.
The resolution of July last was read, as fol-
lows:
" B-csolued, That all books ordered to be printed by the
last House, and allotted to Representatives from districts
who have sent no Representatives to the present House,
be distributed equally among the members of this House."
Mr. MAYNARD. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand the
gentleman from Tennessee to disclaim all idea of
recalling the books that have been already dis-
tributed.
The SPEAKER. No debateis in order,unless
the gentleman from Tennessee withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I only desire to
know whether the books already distributed under
the resolution of July arc to be recalled if this
resolution be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolution is not in-
tended to operate by way of reclamation of books
already received; by no means. In my own case
1 have not been able to procure the books to which
I am entitled, and there are other members in a
similar situation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Tennessee to insert the
word " hereafter," so as to make it read, " shall
not operate hereafter."
Mr. MAYNARD. I prepared the resolution
with some care, and do not think that modifica-
tion at all necessary.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If that be the un-
derstanding, I will not insist upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. By the general consent of
the House I will modify my resolution so that it
shall not operate to deprive any member of books
that he has already received.
The resolution was so modified.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question for information.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
