1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
sand troops. They have behaved, I think, well
on every battle-field where they have appeared.
As far as I know, no Iowa regiment has ever fal-
tered in the discharge of duty, however perilous.
Their numbers have been reduced by the casual-
ties of the field and camp nearly one fourth. They
give their lives with firmness to aid in restoring
the supremacy of the laws. But, sir, they believe,
and I believe, that a large "per cent, of this loss
was useless, and is justly attributable to the care-
lessness or inability of General Grant. And he
shall not, with my consent, be continued in com-
mand. There is nothing in Ins antecedents to
justify a further trial of his military skill. At
Belmont he committed an egregious and unpar-
donable military blunder, which resulted in almost
annihilating an Iowa regiment. At Fort Donel-
son, the right wing of our army, which was under
his immediate command, was defeated und driven
back several miles from the enemy's works. The
battle was restored by General Smith, the enemy's
works were stormed, and thus a victory was finally
won. And soon the battle-field of Shtloh, his army
was completely surprised, as I believe from all the
facts I can procure, oil Sunday, and nothing but
the stubborn bravery of the men fighting by regi-
ments and brigades, saved the army, from utter
destruction. The battle was afterwards restored
and conducted by General Buell and other gen-
erals, who came on the field during the evening
and night; and our forces ultimately succeeded in
completely routing the enemy.
Now, sir, with such a record, those who con-
tinue General Grant in an active command will,
in my opinion, carry on their skirts the blowd of
thousandsof their slaughtered countrymen. With
my convictions, I can neither do it myself nor
silently permit it to be done by others.
Mr. BROWNING. It is peihaps proper that
I should say a word. It will be only a word. I
listened with a great deal of interest to the remarks
of the Senator from Olno. [ thought the Senate
and the country would 'hotli agree that they were
indebted to him for having rendered but a just
tribute to troops who, 1 think, have been very un-
justly maligned for their conduct in the battle of
Pittsburg Landing. I was ver^huich gratified
that the Senator had availed himself of this occa-
sion to submit the remarks which he has sub-
mitted, to which I listened, und I apprehend every
person who wasin the sound of his voice listened,
with a great deal of interest and attention.
I am sorry that the Senator from Iowa has
thought proper thus publicly to make ail assault
on General Grant. I am not myself sufficiently
informed of the details of that battle to enter upon
any vindication of General Grant. I do not in-
tend to do so. Nor would I attempt the vindi-
cation of an unworthy cind faithless officer from
just charges, however severe and damaging those
charges might be, simply oecause he was a gen-
eral from the State of Illinois. If the officers of
Illinois misbehave themselves, let them suffer the
consequences of that misbehavior. Nor do 1 deem
it necessary to enter upon any vindication of Illi-
nois ill any sense, either officers or men. I am
perfectly willing to leave that to thchistoiy of the
country when it shall hereafter be wntten. She
needs no vindication from me. I rose more par-
ticularly to say a word in reference to General
Prentiss; butin passing it is due to Geiicial Grant
that I should say that I have seen no sufficient
evidence whatever to justify me or any other man
in imputing to him misconduct that led to any
'disaster on the battle-field at Piitsbiira: Landing.
That battle I regard as a great and glorious and
important victory. We suffered some disasters
in the first day's battle; so we did in the second
day's; but when or where in the history of the
world was a great battle ever fought that both
armies did not sustain disasters? It would have
been no battle if we had had no disasters. Nor
have I seen any evidence to justify the inference
on the part of any one. I know there are news-
paper statements to that effect, and I think those
statements are made with more haste, feeling, and
indiscretion, perhaps, than even the remarks of the
Senator from Iowa—but 1 have seen no evidence
sufficient to warrant the inference in my mind, or
I think ill the mind of any one disposed to deal
fairly with our men in the field, that our army
was surprised on that occasion. General Prentiss
is not here to speak for himself, lie has not been
able to make his report of his part in the battle
on that occasion; but I have seen a statement I
think from General Prentiss, the report of a speech
made to his troops by the permission of the rebel
general, under whose orders and command he was
at the time, in which he states in very emphatic
terms, that so far from being surprised, they were
fully advised in reference to the movements of the
enemy, and were expecting them and prepared
for them when they came. I think I have seen
that statement from General Prentiss. 1 am very
greatly mistaken if I have not seen such a news-
paper account of the statement made by him.
And I return to the Senator from Ohio my ac-
knowledgments for the justice he has done Gen-
eral Prentiss in the remarks he has submitted.
So far from Geneial Prentiss's command having
been surprised and having thrown down their
arms without firing a shot, they were, according
to my information on the subject, in the very
front of the battle, they received the first shock
of battle and maintained their ground. Although
he was, I believe, in command of troopsas raw and
undisciplined as any upon the field, they main-
tained their posiiion from the attack at six o'clock
in the morning until between three and four o'clock
in the afternoon before they were surrounded and
a portion of them captured; and their capture re-
sulted from the fact that the lines both on his right
and left were broken, the troops gave way, and
lus command was entirely surrounded, refusing
to retreat, but still maintaining their position,and
fighting until they were entirely overwhelmed by
superiority of number.
Now, sir, whatever General Prentiss may be in
other respects, he is not either rash or cowardly.
I know him well, and know that no braver or
more gallant man has drawn a sword 111 defense
of his country in this crisis. If he was guilty of
any fault, it was of a stubborn and unyielding
bravery. He, perhaps, might have saved his com-
mand by retreating, but that ho refused to do.
In regard to General Grant, I^lesire only to say
that I am sorry I am not in possession of facts
that would enable me to enter upon a vindication
of that officer from assaults which are unjust, if,
for no other reacon, because they are made at a
very inappropriate and unfortunate period, in an
unfortunate place, giving to the newspaper slan-
ders of brave and gallant men, who are fighting
the battles of our country, the dignity of senato-
rial indorsement. General Grant may be subject
to censure; but we certainly ought, in justice to
him, to wait before we pronounce that censure
until we are in possession of all the facts which
suirounded him on that occasion, and of all his
conduct on i bat occasion. I have always under-
stood, and do now understand, that whatever he
may be as a commander, theie is, personally, no
braver man in Ameiica, and I have understood
from newspaper and other sources, that he saved
the fortunes of the day on Sunday by riding in
the most reckless manner, in face of the enemy,
along the front of our entire lines, encouraging
and animating his men to maintain their ground
until night, and until reinforcements could come.
I wish only to do justice to him. 1 do not know
General Grant personally; I never saw him but
once. Even if he is an unworthy officer, I am
not willing he should be condemned in advance
of the tune at which we have sufficient evidence
to act.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing this resolution. _ I
suppose no member of the Senate can oppose its
passage, for we all desire to have what informa-
tion we call get in regard to the operations there
and in other portions"of the country. That we
should differ ill opinion in regard to officers and
their merit in the field, and m regard to special
battles, no one can doubt; but I question very
much the expediency of bunging into the Senate
and discussing these" battles, and the mistakes or
the good or bad qualities of any of our command-
ers in the field. I doubt very much our capacity
to pronounce a judgment entitled to any great re-
spect in the country; and, at the same time, I doubt
whether we can do any good by bringing these
matters up here. 1 hope, therefore, that we shall
dispose of this resolution by adopting it, and re-
ceive whatinformatio n the Departmenthas to give
us oil this or any other matter; but I doubt very
uiucli whctlit'i we should spend the time of the
Senate in discussing these operations m the field.
The resolution was agreed to.
EDUCATION OF COLOBED CHILDREN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the business reg-
ularly in order, is the bill (S. No. 290) providing
for the education of colored children in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia. The question
being upon the passage of the bill, the yeas and
nays were taken, and the result showed the want
of the presence of a quorum of the body, and there-
upon the Senate adjourned. That vote is there-
fore a nullity. The roll will now be again called.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Coliamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fesscndcn, Foot, Foster,
Grimes-, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Vomeroy, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—2b.
NAYS—Messrs, Davis, Kennedy, Powell, Saulsbury,
Wiiley, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—7.
So the bill was passed. Its title was amended
so as to make it read, "A bill providing for the ed
ucation of colored children in the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purp
ADDITIONAL CIVIL APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill (H.
R. No. 393) making further appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending 30th June, 1862,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.^
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to add to the firstsection, which makes
appropriations for the next fiscal year, the follow-
ing clause:
To pay the amount provided for under and by virtue of an
act entitled " An act to facilitate communication between
the Atlantic and Pacific States by elcciric telegraph," or
so much thereof as mav become payable under said act,
$'10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The lH'Xt amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause in the second section, which makes
additional appropriations for the present fiscal
year:
For compensation to HenryK. Brown, James R. Lamb-
din, and John F. Kensett, for thirteen months' service as
art commissioners, appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States under acts of Congress of June 12,1858, and
March 3, 1859, $9,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the second section:
To pay the amount due under and by virtue of the act
entitled u An act to facilitate communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by eiectiic telegraph," for the
period embraced between November 1,1861, and June 30,
1862, §26,630 44.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the second
section the following clause:
For constructing burglar-proof vaults for the Assistant
Treasurer at New York and fire-proof file cases for the
collector at New York and for the incidental expenses of
a change ot location of these officer, ^100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of tlie committee- was to
add at the end of the second section:
For annual repairs to custom-houses, including' a new
iooffor the Milwaukee custom-house, and repairing the
damage by fire, §10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the second section:
For repairing the Government warehouses, wharves, and
fences a! Staten Island, §15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the second section:
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for incidental
and contingent expenses, including^vn.tage, at the Mint of
the United States at Philadelphia, $23,643 84.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the second section:
For additional expenses m transportation of bullion and
coin between the assavoihee and the Mint for the year 1861,
$21,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance ar6
now disposed of
