2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. DIXON. I offer the following amendment,
by direction of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, if it be now in order, to be inserted at
the end of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase land
for the use and benefit of the Institution of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind in this District, $25,000, or g0 Jnuch
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to raise the ques-
tion whether that amendment is in order. It is
new matter entirely, and is not provided for by
any law.
Mr, WADE. It is reported by a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire if it is not in
order, being the report of a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have the rule read.
Mr. DIXON. I will state that I was directed
by the Committee on the District of Columbia to
report the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
understands.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows:
' " SO. No amendment proposingadditional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments; and no
amendments shall be received "whose object is to provide
for a piivate claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has no doubt the amendment is in order under the
rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what is the reason for offering an amendment of
this kind, appropriating $25,000 for the purchase
of land for an institution here in the District at
the present time, when the Treasury is in the con-
dition it is. It strikes me we can wait a little
while longer.
Mr. DIXON. I will state very briefly the rea-
sons forofferingthisamendment. This institution
has now only about one, or possibly two-, acres
of land—a very small piece of ground, as every
Senator, who has been over there and examined
it, must be aware. An appropriation of $9,000
lias been made at this session for an absolutely
necessary and indispensable enlargement of the
building for the accommodation of the pupils who
are there now. At this time, a piece of ground
containing thirteen acres can be had for the sum
of money mentioned in the amendment. It seems
to be almost an absolute necessity that more
ground should be purchased; and if it is to be
purchased at all, it ought to be now, because, as
every one can see, the land could not be bought
at anything like that price except under present
circumstances. The owneris Mr. Kendall,agen-
tleman who has done a great deal for that insti-
tution, and who now offers to sell the land for the
price mentioned in the amendment. If that gen-
tlemart, now somewhatadvanced in years, should
be taken away, it is very doubtful whether the
land could be purchased for anything like that
price. 1 do not believe it could be bought for
double the amount unless it were in his posses-
sion. The committee were very reluctant to pro-
pose the appropriation in the present condition of
affairs; but under the circumstances, considering
what I have mentioned, and the actual necessity
now existing, and which is constantly increasing,
that this institution should have more ground,
they thought it best to offer this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ifeel compelled to oppose
this amendment. I am in favor, as I presume
everybody else is, of anything that is necessary
to be done for an institution of this description.
We have founded it in a very great measure, and
we have at this session made u very considerable
appropriation for the purpose of enlarging the
building and providing for the pupils. I did not
undeistand from any statements made to me that
there was any pressing necessity at the present
time for such an appropriation as this. There is
land enough for all the immediate uses of the in-
stitution; but it would be very convenient, very
agreeable, very well, andunderj&rdinary circum-
stances I should have no objection,"perhaps, to pur-
chase an additional amount of land, these thirteen
acres. But, sir, my objection, in the first place, is
that it seems to me this must bo a very high price
nearly two thousand dollars an acre for land I do
not know how far from the city. I suppose the
Senator from Connecticut can inform me. 'It is
not in the immediate city proper.
Mr. DIXON. I should think that the distance
was not over one mile in a direct line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A mile from the city; that
is to say from the inhabited portion of the city.
Mr. DIXON. From this point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be more than that,
because it is out some distance.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the land runs up to
the city line. It is bounded by t}je city line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is outside of the city.
Now, sir, it is hardly possible to suppose that
there is any stretch of generosity in selling land
at that distance for $2,000 an acre—uncultivated
land, or, perhaps, land improved to a certain ex-
tent. I take it, the most of it is woodland. Be-
fore the thing is done, I should like to inquire of
the committee if they have had an examination
and received proof and ascertained to their satis-
faction whattheactualvalueofthelandwas. Have
they obtained that information in an authentic
shape, so that they could judge of what the value
of the land is ? 1 know -very well that the state-
ment is made that it is worth this sum of money,
and that Mr. Kendall, who undoubtedly has been
a very generous friend of this institution, is will-
ing to sell it for that, and it is a bargain. I should
be hardly willing to trust representations made to
me on that subject, however honest, and I have
no doubt they are entirely so; but coming, as it
does under the circumstances, it would lead me
to doubt whether perfect reliance could be placed
on the information as to the value of the land.
We all know that if we appropriate $25,000 for
the purpose of purchasing a specific quantity of
land, the whole $25,000 will be expended. I think
before we make an appropriation of this sort, we
should know what the land is really worth.
There is another objection. I feel that I am
authorized to say it is not regarded as a matter of
immediate necessity. The institution can get along
well enough without it for a while. The appre-
hension is, that circumstances may not be so fa-
vorable hereafter for the purchase of the land as
they arc now, and, therefore, that it is advisable
to purchase at the present time. We have heard
arguments of that sort over and over again here
for the immediate appropriation of money; but
certainly it is no argument when a matter is not
pressingly needed at the present time. It is no
argument for purchasing this land that we can
well wait for, for a period of time, at least, when
the Treasury is in the condition that it is now. In
my judgment, it is unwise, extravagant; and we
ought to consider that we are bound, when we are
taxing the people so heavily, not to make these
appropriations for mere purposes of convenience
when we can wait for them. I hope, therefore,
the Senate will reject this amendment of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DIXON. I wish the Senate to understand
precisely the condition of this matter. As to the
value of the land, I am not myself a particularly
competent judge; but the opinion of the committee
was, and I think the opinion of the Senate will be,
that the price is reasonable at any rate. It was so
thought by Mr. Kendall, and he supposed he was
making a very generous offer. From the inquiries
I have made, I am inclined to think that is the
case; that in offering to give this land for the sum
of $25,000, he was really making a generous offer.
At any rate, that is the proposition, and that I sup-
pose is the sum to be paid for the land. There is
no doubt about that, provided the Secretary of the
Interior shall judge it best to make the purchase.
I think it would be very well to insert an amend-
ment, and the remarks of the Senator from Maine
have suggested it to me, throwing upon the Sec-
retary of the Interior the responsibility with regard
to this purchase, leaving it to him to say whether
the purchase shall be made or not, and whether it
is a reasonable price. I am perfectly willing to
leave it in his discretion, if that would be anys'afe-
guard or any check; perhaps it would not.
With regard to the other objection, it does not
seem to me that that objection, although I see its
force, ought to be considered, provided the pur-
chase ought to be made. Here is an institution
of charity which makes a very strong appeal to
us—as strong an appeal as anything of the kind
can possibly make. I think if any Senator would
go and see this institution—see these helpless per-
sons, the deaf, the dumb, and the blind, who are
instructed by the able superintendent of the insti-
tution, Mr. Gallaudet, who is doing a great deal
for them—it would enlist his sympathies and his
support. I think any Senator who would do that
would be satisfied that we ought to do everything
that we possibly can in propriety do for their ben-
efit. The amount to be appropriated is not a very
large expenditure of money. I am not ready to
say that the circumstances of the country are such,
that we are in so desperate a condition as that we
cannot make a moderate expenditure of this sort
for such a purpose. At the same time, I do not
feel disposed to urge it. I have brought it before
the Senate; and if it is proper that such an ex-
penditure shguld now be made, of course the Sen-
ate will so vote.
I would inquire of the Senator from Maine,
whether, if some modification were made, causing
some inquiry to be instituted with regard to the
value of the land by the Secretary of the Interior,
or, if it should be thought better, by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, that would obviate his
objection to the amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; for experi-
ence has shown me that whenever we appropriate
a sum of money not to exceed a specific sum for
a specific purpose, it always takes the whole sum.
Mr. DIXON. As the thing now stands, I sup-
pose it is understood that that is Mr. Kendall's
offer.
Mr. CLARK. It is a very ungraceful business
to oppose an amendment like this for an institu-
tion like this; and I certainly would not do it at
any other time or under any other circumstances;
but in the condition of the country at this time, m
the condition of the finances of the Government,
I ask the Senator from Connecticut himself to
consider a moment, if all he states be true, if the
condition of the institution be as he represents it,
if the land can be had as he announces, if the price
is a reasonable price, whether there are any such
pressing circumstances of necessity as should in-
duce us to make this outlay at the present time.
Here is the country staggering under its load of
warlike preparations and all the means to carry
forward the war. Now, is there any reason why at
this time, when we shall be called together again
in some six or seven months, we should make this
appropriation? Why not let it lie until next De-
cember or next January, when wc shall have these
matters again before us, and if we are in a situa-
tion to do so can make the appropriation?
I think the Senator from Connecticut will not
doubt that Mr. Kendall, friend as he is of this in-
stitution, will be just as ready six months hence
to sell this land as he is now. There is land enough
in that vicinity, and we can make an appropria-
tion as well six months hence as now. But it
does seem to me proper that the appropriation
should not be made at this time simply on account
of the circumstances of the country. I should be
ready to vote for it at some proper time. I have
had this subject under consideration before. I have
had application made to me about it when I was
on the Committee on the District of Columbia, by
the superintendent of the institution foran appro-
priation of this kind. The Senate has heretofore
refused it. Is there any reason why they should
grant it now? I think we had better pass it by for
a time at least. It has always 'commanded my
sympathies, and I shall be willing by and by, when
we are in different circumstances, to make the ap-
propriation, but not now.
Mr. DIXON. I do not feel like urging this
amendment. I will state, however, one fact.
After a full examination of this subject, the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, with the ex-
ception of one member, in a full committee, were
in favor of this appropriation, and under all the
circumstances they thought it was best that the
amendment should be presented. TheSenatecan
do as they please about it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to insert at the end of the
bill the following:
For compensation of Assistant Secretary of ttie Interior,
per act of March J4,1853, from March 14 to Juno 30,1862,
$875.
For compensation of Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1863, $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have we not made an
appropriation for that purpose?. I should like to
know what the amendment is founded on.
