2998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Minnesota,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WiLLEY. I offer this amendment:
Jlnd be it further unacted, That tile sum of $1,000,000 is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be Applied by the President in
carrying Into effect the provisions of the twelfth section of
this act.
_ Mr. WILKINSON. As according to the de-
cision of the Chair in regard to an amendment
under the rule, that amendment cannot be further
amended, I suggest to the Senator from Virginia
that he change the sum and make it $500,000. I
should be glad to support it in that shape.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Yirginia.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to move an amend-
ment. It is the section I proposed some time ago,
and withdrew at the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio. I now move it, to insert as an addi-
tional section:
~SmI lc it farther ennctal, That any citizen of the United
States bearing arms against the United States during the
present ur any future rebellion, shall foifelt his citizenship
and be forever Incapable of being or becoming a citizen of
the United States.
The object of that is precisely and with the strict-
ness of law, to prevent any lebel from hereafter
holding any office under the Constitution of the
united States.
Mr,-COLLAMER. It is in the bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
says it is in the bill; but suppose, for instance, one
of tiie rebels presents himself in this body as aSen-
atororin the other body as a Representative. The
Senator knows very well that it would be within
the competency of the Senate, if it be here, or for
the House, it it be there, to determine the ques-
tion of his qualification; we have had a lesson this
session on that point; and in determining his qual-
ification, each body may undertake to say that
such a law as this is unconstitutional; that is, that
it is not within the competency of Congress to add
another qualification to those lequired by the Con-
stitution, That is an argument that we are very
familiar with on this floor. The Constitution does
confer upon Congress the power of determining
who shall be citizens.
Mr, COLLAMER, I ask whore is that pro-
vision in i!ie Constitution?
Mr. SUMNER. It is in the general powers of
Congress.
Mr, COLLAMEll. Wilt the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. SUMNER, Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER, In the convention that
formed tin; Constitution they got into a discussion
nil that point and found great difficulty with it,
TJic qualifications of the different States were so
very different that they finally dropped it alto-
gether, There is no such power in the Constitu-
tion. It only provides that the qualification of a
voter, for instance, for presidential electors shall
be the Qualifications required by the Constitution
of any State for a citizen to vote for the members
of the largest body of the Legislature. That is
ali the definition there is, and there is no power
111 Congress to define the citizenship of the United
States. It is not in the Constitution. They tried
to make it and could not.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was not agreed to.
rC!10 il'JJ ^,'"1^!"<lP0!"d to the Senate as amended.
^ The PRESIDENT ■pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is now com-
petent to amend that amendment before itis con-
curred in.
'I'll# PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis compe-
tent to amend it. The Senate may concur in the
amendment as it stands, or concur in it with an
amendment as in other cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the amendment is
concurred in, I move to strike out the whole of it
after the word " that," and to insert what I send
to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senate concur in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
with the following amendment 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the House bill to
emancipate the slaves of rebels.
Mr. SUMNER. To strike out the whole of the
amendment ?
Mr. SUMNER. To strike out the whole of the
bill reported by the Senator from New Hampshire,
which has been adopted as an amendment, and
to insert in lieu of it the bill which has passed the
House of Representatives to emancipate the slaves
of rebels.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read, if required by anv member.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it liad better be
read. It has never been read in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator from
Illinois whether that would not leave us entirely
without any provision relating to the property of
rebels?
Mr. WADE. We have none now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this amendment should
be adopted, striking out all of the Senate proposi-
tion after the woid "that," the question would
arise in the Senate on adopting it as a substitute
for the other bill from the House of Representa-
tives; and then,instead of adopting it as a substi-
tute for that bill, 1 should be in favor of adding it
to it, so that we would pass the House bill. The
Senate now lias it in its power to make a law con-
fiscating the property of rebels. By the course
that the Senate has ad op ted, some few of the friends
of confiscation, acting with the enemies of all con-
fiscation, have substituted another hill.
Now, it is very manifest that the twenty-three
Senatois who voted a few minutes ago for a sub-
stitute to the House bill will never pass any con- |
fiscation bill, if it depends upon their votes no
confiscation bill will be passed, although they are
quite willing to strike out a confiscation bill. The
Senate has it in its power to make a law. The
House has passed two bills. The Senate has the
power to pass the bills of the House and they are
laws. The Senate also has it in its power to dis-
agree with the House, and probably defeat any
confiscation whatever. If some of the friends of
confiscation think profier to unite with the enemies
ofall confiscation and disagree with the House and
defeat any measure, that cannot be helped. Every
Senator votes in view of his own responsibility,
and if he thinks that the best course, he will of
course pursue it. It is not my province to say
anything about that for any other Senator thah
myself. I think that the wise policy would be,
now that the House has passed measures, even if
they wore not quite satisfactory, to take them and
enact them at once into laws. I think liow it would
be better to take lip the other branch of the subject
relating to emancipation, and substitute it if the
Senate would do so, in lieu of the amendment that
the Senate proposes to adopt here; because then
we shall adopt a measure that the House has
agreed upon; that will be a law. But who sup
poses that the House will agree to the amendment
that has been adopted here by the enemies of all
confiscation aiding a few of its friends ? Probably
many persons do not want them to adoptit. That
is the very thing they desire, to defeat any action.
But I am for some action. I want something prac-
tical; and hence I want to agree to one of the House
bills, if I cannot agree to the other, I would agree
to both if I could, although they are not just such
bills as I would prefer, particularly the confisca-
tion bill.^ I like what is called the emancipation
bill^ I think it contains very excellent provisions.
I think there are some excellent provisions in the
Senate bill. I wish I could think as well of a)] of
them. There arc same things in it for which I
should bo glad to vote. Now the amendmentthat
I have moved is to strike out all of what is known
as the select committcc bill of the Senate after the
word " that,"and insert the bill that has already
passed the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
begs leave to state that the rending of the amend-
ment being required, it must be read, and should
be read and must be read before debate is in order
upon it. The Chair, perhaps, ought to have made
the suggestion before the Senator from Illinois
proceeded with his remarks.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to raise a question
of order. The Senate, in committee, adopted an
amendment making a whole bill. ^V^e s.re now
in the Senate, and the question is on concurring
in the amendment adopted by the committee.
That is the question that arises.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On concur-
ring in the amendment, itis the same thing.
Mr. COLLAMER. The question is, whether
we will adopt the committee amendment; and on
that a proposition is made by the Senator from
Illinois to strike it all out and substitute another
House bill. I submit whether that can be done.
Can an amendment which has been adopted be
amended in -the Senate by striking it out and sub-
stituting back the bill before voted on, or another,
if you please ? Can it be amended in that way ?
I know he can move an amendment in the Senate
to an amendment of the committee's recommend-
ation which they adopted; but an amendment to
get rid of it altogether seems to me very irregular.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
has the same power over the bill that they had in
committee. A question of order cannot be raised
upon the extent of the amendment. It is certainly
competent for the Senate to concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, with
an amendment. It is an every-day practice.
Mr. COLLAMER. Striking it all out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It never pre-
sents a question of order as 10 the extent of the
amendment. It is quite as competent to move an
amendment striking out all of a bill in the Senate
as it is in-Committee of the Whole. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as m
Committee of the Whole with the amendment
moved by the Senatorfrom Illinois, which will now
be read before debate ensues upon it.
Mr. CLARK. Cannot the reading be dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair put
the question and the reading was required. The
Senator from Illinois required the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state why I do not
withdraw the call for the reading. Senators have
voted here to-day and told me they had never read
either bill, and I think they ought to be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read. It is the personal right of every
member to have a proposition once read.
The Secretary read the amend ment to tho amend-
ment, to strike out all of the amendment adopted
as in Committee of the Whole after the word
** that," and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
All right, title, interest, and claim whatever, of every per-
son comprehended within the following enumerated classes,
in ana to the service or labor of any other person or per-
sons held to service or labor in any'State, under tho laws
thereof, is hereby declared forteited; and such persons so
held to service or labor, commonly called slaves, are hereby
declared forever dischaiged fioin such service or labor, and
to be freemen, to wit: Fit*t. Of every person who shall
hereafter act as an officer of the army or navy of the lebeU
in arms against the Government of the United Slates. Sec-
ondly. Of every person who shall hereafter actas present,
vice president, member of congress, judge of any court,
cabinet officer, foreign minister,* commissioner, or consul
of tile so-called confederate States of America. Thirdly.
Of every person who shall hereafter act as Governor of a
btate, member of a convention or Legislatuie, or iudge of
any htate court, oftlie so-called confederate States of Amer-
ica. Fourthly. Of every person who, having held an office
ot honor, trust, or profit in the United States, shall here-
after hold any office in the so-called confederate States of
America. I'iltlliy, Of eveiy person who shall hereafter hold
any office or agency under the government of the so-called
confederate Slates of America, or under any ot the several
btatesol the said confederacy, or tho laws tlieieot, whether
such olhce or agency be notional, Slate, or municipal in it?
name or character: Provided, That the persons thirdly and
firtiilyabove described shall have accepted their appointment
or tlccuon since the date of the pretended oidinanceuf seces-
sion ol the btate, or shall have taken an oatli of allegiance
to tiie so-ca led confederate States. Sixthly. Of cveTv per-
son, not embiaced In the foregoing classes, who, after the
passage ot this act, being actually, willfully, and without
ti?o r™™?' comPl',s,io">1engaged m armed rebellion against
!t™ of 5, United States shall not, within sixty
days after public warning and proclamation duly given and
made, at his discretion, by the President of the United
states, fay down his arms and return to his allegiance to
the United Stales. °
Sec. 2. „3.n<i be it further cnaUed^ That the President
shall appoint one or more commissioners for each State
oy whose laws persons are held to service or labor lot lite'
to make a list of the names and residences of the prisons
in the bt^tes respectively held to service and labor by any
person or persons described in the foregoing section and in
the lourth section of an act entitled " An act to confiscate
property used lor insurrectionary purposes," approved Au-
gust 6,1861, and of the names of the persons claimin« to be *
entitled to such service oriabor,whichlistshall be returned
as speedily as may be to the district eouit of the United
States for the district where the persons so held to scrviee
or labor may reside; and immediately on such return the dis-
trict court shall publish the said list of names, and an order
requiring all persons claiming the service or labor ot any of
