1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-:
ilf.rit and patriotic services of the late Brigadier General
Nathaniel Lyon. The country to whose service he devoted
his life will guard and preseive his fame as a part of its
own glory.
2. That the tlianks of Congress are hereby given to the
brave officers and soldiers who, under the command of the
late General Lyon, sustained the honor of liie flag and
achieved victory against overwhelming numbers at the bat-
tie of Springfield in Missouri. And that in order to com-
memorate an event so honorable to the country and to
themselves, it is ordered that each regiment engaged shall
be authorized to bear upon its colors the word "Spring-
field " embroidered in letters of gold; and the President of
the United States is hereby requested to cause these reso-
lutions to be read at the head of every regiment in the Army
of the United States.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
trust that I will be permitted to say a word on
the joint resolution which has just been read. I
believe that the Government of the United States
has taken no notice, in general orders, of the
death of Brigadier General Lyon. While that
compliment has been paid to many others not
more meritorious than this offi^r, yet, sir, for
some reason or other, the Executive has over-
looked or failed to take notice of the eminent and
patriotic services, and the death, at the head of
his troops, of Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon.
I knew the man well. No man, sir, ever more
freely gave his life to his country. I never knew
a man more devoted to the honor and integrity of
the Union—so careful of its interests and so care-
less of himself. I deem it, therefore, proper that
the Congress of the United States should do that
which the Executive has omitted to do. I do not
intend to pass an eulogium upon the character
and services of Brigadier General Lyon. The
few and simple words of the resolution contain
everything that I wish to say, and all that need
be said of this true and loyal soldier; and I trust
that it will be unanimously adopted.
I will state, in regard to the second resolution,
extending the thanks of Congress to the troops
engaged in the battle of Springfield, a fact that
may not be generally known in this House; and
that is, that all the regiments engaged in that
battle, with the exception of the regulars and
one volunteer regiment, were three months' men,
whose term had expired before the battle took
place, or was about to expire.
There never was, upon this continent, a more
closely contested and desperate fight than that
which occurrcd at Springfield, Missouri. Ac-
cording to the officers who survived, the troops,
although mostly raw recruits, carried themselves
upon the battle-field with undaunted courage and
coolness, and, notwithstanding the term of service
of many of them had expired, they gladly fol-
lowed the heroic Lyon into the midst of that des-
perate battle.
I think, Mr. Speaker, under all the circum-
stances, that the House will do an act of justice
when it recognizes the courage and services of
those who sustained our flag upon that glorious
and yet disastrous day. I move that the resolu-
tions be read a third time; and ask that they may
be put upon their passage.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I believe that
the services of Geneial Lyon are fully appreciated
throughout the country, and that no death has
occurred in the Army of the United States more
sincerely mourned than his. Certainly no one
entertains a higher admiration for his services,
or deeper regret for his untimely death, than my-
self; and were this asimple resolution recognizing
his valuable services I would not rise to make a
single remark in relation to it. But we have be-
fore us a war of long continuance, a war that will
be eventful. We have a war in which personal
bravery and military skill will be largely dis-
played; and ill which, too, there will be misfor-
tunes and deaths. We shall lose many, and may
lose the most distinguished of our commanders
and other officers. Therefore I think that we
ought not to be too lavish at the outset in estab-
lishing precedents which may hereafter embarrass
us, and compel us either to make unjust discrim-
inations or to make our commendations common
and valueless. The latter part of the resolution
is, I think, unnecessary to the object which the
gentleman has in view, and inexpedient, and with
all due respect to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mi. Blaik,] and to the memory of the distin-
guished subject of it, if if be in order, I move to
strike out so much ol' the resolution as requires
the President of the United States to have it read
at the head of every regiment of the United States
Army, leaving all else as proposed.
On motion of Mr. BLAKE, the resolution was
again read.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust that the amendment
will not be agreed to. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
every means should be taken by this Congress to
stimulate our soldiers todccds of heroism. If the
Army is fighting, of course this resolution will
not be read to it; but it may now be read to them
atone of the ordinary dress parades, and may have
the effect of inspiriting thousands and thousands
of our gallant soldiers. At all events, it can do
no harm. It is a recognition of those regiments
which so bravely fought against enormous odds in
southwestern Missouri, and is a fitting acknowl-
edgment of the services of Brigadier General
Lyon, their heroic leader.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Edwards] was rejected.
The jointresolution was ordered to beengrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT OE TREASON, ETC.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to punish treason, and to
provide a more effectual mode for the collection
of taxes imposed by Congress, and to furnish a
fund to remunerate all losses of loyal citizens, and
to provide homesteads for soldiers employed in
suppressing the present rebellion; which was read
a first and second time by its title.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that that
bill ought to be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and I make the motion that it be so
referred.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope that thegen-
tlcman's motion will be voted down.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Those who are in
favor of a homestead hill will vote for my pro-
posed reference.
The question was taken on Mr. Vali.andig-
ham's motion; and it was rejected.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
NAVY YARD, ETC., AT CAPE GIRARDEAU.
Mr. NOELL offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to consider the expediency ot establishing a navy-
yard and naval depot at Cape Girardeau, In the State of
Missouri; and to rupoit by bill or otherwise.
BOUNDARIES OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGEANT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the President of the
United States, in conjunction with (he State of Cali-
fornia, to run and mark the boundary line between
the Territories of the United States and the Stale
of California; which was read a first and second '
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
PORT OF ENTRY IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. ALDRICH offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Comincice be, and
hciebv is, instiucted to mqmie into the expediency of
chansing the port of entrj of the .Minnesota collection dis-
tiict Trom Pembina to 8t. Paul, m said district, and to re-
port by hill or otherwise.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WATTS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolutions; which were severally
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be requested
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for a
| geological suivcy of the Territoiy of New Mexico, and to
I leportbv bill or othenvho.
: Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of proviilina bylaw
' foi the appointment of an Indian asentfor the southern Co-
■ manelies. one foi the Musenlara Apaches, and two suli-
[ agents foi the Navajo Indian* ; and to leport by bill or otll-
i envise.
i BOUNDARIES 01' NEW MEXICO.
! Mr. WATTS, also, by unanimous consent, in-
trodnced a bill to extend the eastern boundary of
i' the territory of Now Mexico; which was read a
1 first and .second time by its title, and referred to
li the Committee on Territories
FORTIFYING COLUMBIA RIVER. > r > -
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous ioiisent? Of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:, ■ ' ! , ■
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Afiairs'be in—
structed to inquire into the expediency of fortifying, tile
mouth of Columbia river and Puget's Sound, and toiSpbrt
at an early day, by bill or otherwise. , - .
TAXATION IN NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
Mr. DAILY, by unanimous consent, offered
the folio wing resolution; which was rekfl, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
required to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
law levying direct taxes on the Territory of Nebraska so as
to release said Territory from the payment of such taxes,
and that the ordinary annual appropriation of $20,000, for
legislative expenses, be withheld by Congress from said
Territory.
RESOLUTION OF COLORADO.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following joint resolution; which was
read, considered, referred to the Committee on
Territoi'ies, and ordered to be printed.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Joint Resolution.
Whereas the rebellious war now waging against the Uni-
ted States of America (to the Government of which this
Territory owes allegiance, and to which its people are earn-
estly and heartily devoted,) has seriously affected our own
interest and threatened our peace; and whereas in such a
time it is essential that the executive branch of the gov-
ernment of this Territory should have the entire confidence
and cordial cooperation of the people thereof, and of the
Administration at Washington : Therefore, as an expres-
sion of the people of this Territory in this regard,
Be it resolved by the House pf Representatives, (the Coun-
cil concurring,) 1. That in Governor William Gilpin we
find a man eminently fitted and qualified for the difficult
and important posiuonhe now occupies, as Governorofthe
Territory of Colorado.
"2. That surrounded as we arc by numerous tribes of In-
dians, who are aided and abetted by the common foe of our
whole country, the rebel traitors, whom we have among
us and around us, we deem the piecautionary action and
policy of our executive wise and judicious, and pledge to
him our cordial and hearty support.
3. That we believe this Territory to be important to the
country at large, in a military point of view, commanding,
aa it does, nearly ail the available passes through the great
backbone of our common country, to the Pacific States;
we theiefore think the General Government should afford
u& the necessaiy aid and assistance to enable us to hold
this point, for the common good of the whole country.
4. That a copy of these resolutions, signed by the pre-
siding officei of each branch of the Legislature, be for-
warded by the secretaiy of the Teiritory to the President
and head of each Department at Washington, and to our
Delegate to the Congiess of the United States.
CHARLES P. HOLLY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
EDWARD A. ARNOLD,
President of the Council.
EXTRA COPIES OF CONGRESSIONAL DOCUMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 62, relative to printing extra numbers of
messages,reports, and documents; which wasread
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Printing.
MAJOR GENERAL UALLECK.
The SPEAKER. The next question is on the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Lovejoy,] which was laid over on Monday last,
and on which the pending motion is to postpone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not know that i will
say anything on the resolution at this time, al-
though 1 proposed to make some statements on
the subject when I introduced it. I demand the
previous question on the motion to postpone.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas Major General Hallcck, of thevve&tcrn depart-
ment, ha« issued an older prohibiting negroes from coining
within the hncs of our Armv, and excluding those already
under the protection of our troops; and wherea.- a different
policy and piactice prevails in othei department?, by the
direct sanction of the Administration; and wherea* said
oidcr is cruel and inhuman, and in the judgment of this
House based upon no military necessity. Therefore,
Resolved, That the Picsident be respectfully requested
I to direct General Ilalleck to rrcail said order, or cause it
to conform with the practice of the other departments of the
Arm>.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope my friend will with-
draw his demand for the previous question. I
will renew it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, as we are wait-
ing for business from the other House, and as I
am anxious to do as much business as possible,
I will say a word or two in opposition to the post-
ponement. I think we ought to pass it at once,
