1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
to be consistent wiih itself. Last year when we
were fixing the pay of a chaplain it was put at
about eighteen hundred dollars a year, because it
was said a chaplain would h^ve to ride about,
would have to go from place to place, would have
to be mounted on horseback. I do not know that
the chaplains in the array of the Potomac have
had much occasion to use their horses; but at any
rate, that was the argument which led the Senate
to give them a very large salary. The salary of
a post chaplain, at the very lowest, is §917 a year,
and tho highest is $1,157. I will guaranty that
I can find one thousand pious, painstaking, good
men—better men than your chaplains—for less
money, who will gladly, not only for the money
they receive, but for the good of the service, act
as chaplains in your hospitals. Indeed, I have
no doubt that in almost every city where these
hospitals are located intelligent, pious, Christian
men will perform the duties without a salary.
They would not ask, or pretend to ask, what
is given to a post chaplain; and indeed I doubt
whether one in ten would receive any time during
his lifetime as much as you will allow them under
the provisions of this bill. The idea of paying
§1,800 to a chaplain rendering service at a place
where he does not have to mount on horseback,
and move about, it seems to me is simply ridicu-
lous when we have no money to give away.
Mr. PJCE. At the last session I moved an
amendment to reduce the pay of the regimental
chaplains to that of post chaplains, which would
have reduced it some eight or nine hundred dol-
lars; but we were all so rich then, and so extremely
anxious to do something that would suit every-
body, that the amendment did not prevail. Tiie
argument that was used—and it was a very good
one—why it should not be reduced, was that the
Piesidcnt, in his proclamation calling out the
troops, had stated that they should receive such a
salary*. To that I was willing to submit. The
point that I now make is in regard to the chap-
lains who have been appointed by the President
to attend to the hospitals throughout the country.
There are some seven or eight of them. They
have been now several months acting in that ca-
pacity, and have not received one dollar of pay.
They were promised by the President in the ap-
pointment the pay given to other chaplains. I
think it is due to those gentlemen that they should
receive the amount promised up to the time that
the appropriation may be made. Then, if Con-
gress see fit to reduce the pay, well and good.
But in regard to the duties of the chaplains of
the regiments and those of the hospitals there is no
sort of comparison. I know of my own knowl-
edge that tho chaplains of the hospitals are en-
gaged day and night throughout the entire seven
days of the week. They not only act as chap-
lains, but as nurses; and not only as nurses, but
as correspondents for the sick. They subject
themselves to every disease that-may be prevail-
ing in the hospitals. They are not confined to one
hospital. Each chaplain visits all or a certain
number of the hospitals; and they are to some
extent precluded from performing their duties in
churches and among their parishioners, from the
fact that when one goes into a hospital where the
small-pox prevails he is excluded from the world;
he must remain there; and they do remain there.
I believe each of the hospital chaplains has per-
formed greater service than any ten regimental
chaplains.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have a
little information from the Committee on Military
Affairs with relation to this subject of Army
chaplains. I do not know anything about it my-
self, and it is a matter that ought to be investi-
gated. 1 have heard a good deal said on the sub-
ject; in the first place, that there were too many
chaplains; that there was no need of more than
one chaplain for a brigade, instead of having one
for a regiment; thatone chaplain could easily per-
form the duties 
Mr. E.ICE. My friend will pardon me a%mo-
ment. My remarks were confined simply to hos-
pital chaplains.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that; but
I am inquiring about this bill, which,! suppose,
covers the whole subject, regimental as well as
other chaplains.
\li. WILSON, of Massachusetts, lthasnoth-
ing to do with regimental chaplains at all. They
were appointed under the law passed last sum-
mer at the called session; one chaplain being
appointed to each volunteer regiment, with the
pay of a captain of cavalry, amounting to about
eighteen hundred dollars, or very nearly that.
This provides simply for the appointment of
chaplains for permanent hospitals, and author-
izes the President to make these appointments;
and as we had given what some of us thought
very high pay at the last session to the regimental
chaplains, we thought this compensation of post
chaplains to the regular Army would be sufficient.
It only applies to afew men. I think the appoint-
ments must be very limited.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had the impression,
somehow or other, that there was an amendment
proposed to this bill, touching the number of
chaplains in the volunteer force.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] has mo.ved an
amendment, to insert at the end of the eleventh
section, "and that hereafter there shall be but
one chaplain to each brigade." He proposes to
cut them down from regiments to brigades.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was one of the
points upon which I wanted information: whether
the Committee on Military Affairs had considered
that subject. From what was said by the Sena-
tor from Minnesota just now, it would appear that
a regimental chaplain has very little duty; and in
addition to that, it appears that he has very high
pay—the pay of a captain of cavalry, $1,800. Does
that cover the allowances and everything that he
receives ?
Mr. RICE. Between eighteen and nineteen
hundred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much does a cap-
tain of infantry receive?
Mr. SHERMAN. That does not cover the
allowance for fuel, quarters, transportation of
baggage, forage in kind, &c. It only covers the
pay, rations, and allowances for the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that the pay of a
captain of infantry, with the allowances that are
made of one kind and another, amounts to some
eighteen or nineteen hundred dollars, and tho pay
of a captain of cavalry is veiyconsidcrably higher.
I am inclined to think, when you take it all into
consideration, and pick up all the little odds and
ends of allowances, it will amount to twenty-six
or twenty-seven hundred dollars. Now, look at
it. Each of these regiments in the field has a chap-
lain, receiving some twenty-five hundred dollars
ormoreayear—as large a compensation and larger
compensation than is usually received by clergy-
men over large and rich parishes in our cities, with
the exception, perhaps, of some few parishes m
the very large cities; and I understand from the
Senator from Minnesota that one of these hos-
pital chaplains has about as much to do as ten
regimental chaplains.
Mr. RICE. I think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I suppose it is so.
It is perfectly obvious that the duty which a regi-
mental chaplain has to perform must be very small,
indeed, comparatively, and lie may do it or not,
just as he pleases; it is all left to his own discre-
tion. Then, sir, if that is the case—and I really
know nothing about it; 1 want to be informed—
it is very singular that we have oveilooked this
subject. I suppose there is not one of them who,
if left in the charge of a parish at home, would
receive over a thousand or twelve hundred dollars
a year at the outside; and yet to the chaplain of
every regiment in our Army we are paying prob-
ably $2,500.
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has the pay of a cap-
tain of cavalry.
Mr. RICE. He has the pay of a captain of
cavalry, but it cannot exceed $1,900; because,
whenever a chaplain is absent from his regiment,
he leceives no compensation for quarters orfuel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But suppose he. stays
with his regiment.
Mr. RICE. He then receives them in kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see why.
Mr. RICE. But that is the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The pay of a captain of j
cavalry is fixed by law. He has certain pay and !
certain allowances; and if the provision is sim-< j
ply that a chaplain shall have the pay of a cap- ,
tain of en\a!i\ , he gets the whole, be it more oi j
less.
Mr. RICE. But it does not exceed §1,900.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not knotf why it'
should be so, unless Senators show me somelftisr
on the subject.
Mr. RICE. The laws and regulations show it."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yery well, sir. Then
one thing or the other we ought to do, and per-
haps both. We may just as well meet this mat-
ter flat in the face. We either ought to reducg
the number, or reduce the pay, perhaps both. If*
a chaplain can well and easily,or fairly, perform
all the duties that are necessary for a whole bri-
gade, we oughtto have but one chaplain for a bri-
gade, and if you please—I am for paying a rea-
sonable compensation to everybody—you- may-
give him the pay of a captain of cavalry, if that is
not too much; but when we multiply thom in this
way, and have one for each regiment, and bring
this immense burden upon the country, we ought
to look into it. It lias been well said that we were
exceedingly liberal last summer. We were organ-
izing our forces, and everything that was pro-
posed by anybody in regard to pay.was acceded
to. We have tfow come to a point where we are
obliged to look the matter of expenditure in the
face.
Mr. RICE. I proposed at that time to make
the pay of chaplains of the volunteer force the
same as that of post chaplains in the regular Army;
but it was not acceded to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not opposing thatat
all. I am speaking of the general subject. There
are two or three questions before the Senate at
this time on various amendments. We ought, at
any rate, to meet the matter; and if it is true, as
suggested by the Senator from Minnesota, that
the regimental chaplains have so very little duty
to perforin, we ought to dispense with them and
appoint chaplains for brigades, and let them take
charge of a whole brigade, if they can do it, and
then pay them what is reasonable and what ought
to be paid. If it is necessary to have these hos-
pital chaplains, and undoubtedly it is, and they
have hospital duty to perform, pay them all they
oughtto be paid. I have no objection to that; but
I want to say to the Senator from Minnesota that
when the President appointed these chaplains he
said they must be dependent for compcnsationon
the action of Congress; that he could make no
promise one way or the other; that he would ap-
point them, but they must perform the duties at
their own risk. They come before Congress not
under any promise of tho President, but for the
simple purpose of being appointed and being paid.
I am perfectly willing to appoint them, because I
think a chaplain is needed in a hospital where
there are so many sick persons,and I think they
ought to receive a reasonable compensation.
1 have no doubt, as suggested by the Senator
from Ohio, that in many places we might find
clergymen located who would be ready to perform
tho duty of hospital chaplains without compensa-
tion; but I would not impose it upon them. I
think we are bound to provide for it ourselves,
and provide fairly for the spiritual wants of tho
sick and wounded soldic>rs in the hospitals, and I
am ready to do so. But if we have too large a
number of chaplains, and if we pay them more
than they ought to receive consistently, let us set
about the business of cutting it down to a proper
sum at oncc, and not hesitate upon the subject
simply because it is paid to chaplains. Some of
them, I have heard, and I have no doubt, are to-
tally unfit for their positions, and instead of being
any benefit, are of great disservice by the exam-
ple they set to the soldiers. But, sir, I hope and
trust that that is true only in exceptional cases,
a'nd that the chaplains in the Army conscientiously
and devotedly discharge the duties which they owe
to their country and which they owe to the reli-
gion they profess. I trastitmay beso; but that is
no reason why in the present state of finances of
the country we should have so many more of them
than are needed, or pay them beyond any reason-
able ratio, when compared with the compensation
they receive for services ill civil life.
Mr. RICE. Would my friend wisli to have the
pay of chaplains appointed in hospitals reduced,
for the services they have already performed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. RICE. Then we agree exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would grade their pay
for ^nrvioes already peiformed precisely accord-
ing to what they oughtto receive for services here-
after, We aie bound to them by no obligation.
