8000
THE-'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
rate. If they disagree to it, it goes to a commit-
tee of conference, where there can be another op-
portunity to obtain a more stringent bill. That is
the way it appears to me; and upon that princi-
ple I shall vote against all the dilatory motions and
"all side issues.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I deny most emphatically
that the vote taken shows that a majority of the
Senate are in favor of this substitute; and I say
to the Senator from Ohio, although it has yet to
occur, that there will riot be a majority of the Sen-
ate voting for this bill made up of those who voted
for the substitute. I venture to say that that as-
sertion will be verified when the yeas and nays
are called.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thinlc I said substantially
the Same thing by stating that the minority of
those in favor of confiscation were in favor of this
bill; that they would be naturally aided by those
who were opposed to all confiscation measures.
I have no doubt the remark of the Senator from
Illinois is true; but yet a majority of this body
have the righ t, even against the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, to pass a law; and because we
are in a minority, we ought not to stand in the
way of the passage of nny law which receives the
judgment of a majority of the Senate, whether
they are of one party or another, whether they
are our friends or foes, or the friends%r foes of
confiscation. We ought not to stand in the way
of the recorded judgment of a majority of this
body upon any bill that may stand before us.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly, Mr. Presi-
dent, a majority of this body can adopt any meas-
ure they please, and it is competent for a few
Senators, or a portion of the Senate who favor
confiscation, to unite with the enemies of confis-
cation and dilute a bill until it amounts to very
little, and prevent the Senate coming to a direct
vote on a confiscation bill that really amounts to
something, and I shall acquiesce in it as cheer-
fully as the Senator from Ohio; that is, I will ac-
quiesce in it because 1 am obliged to acquiesce in it.
There are some features in the bill which is thus
diluted tha; I think will be of value, and I would
vote for those features. There is a provision in it
which I think very valuable, in regard to pro-
ceedings under the fugitive slave law. There is a
proceeding in rem. in it. I think that may be
worth something. The tenth section of the bill I
think is a very valuable section, and I should be
glad to have it cnacted into a law. I am not go-
ing to discuss the matter in regard to the principle
at ali; but I should like very much if I can get
the attention of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Siiek-
MftN,] and the attention of my friend from Now
York, fMr. Harris,] who 1 know is for confis-
cation, and of several other Senators who have
voted for this substitute, for a few moments, to
rail thrirattention to the great value of the House
bill over the Senate bill.
Tin; question has been often asked me by Sen-
ators who desire to pass a confiscation bill and an
emancipation bill, " how are you going to have
the evidence that the negro is free ? How are you
going to accomplish anything practical ? You de-
clare him free; but he has no evidence of it; and
you have got no machinery to carry out the law."
That objection applies with all its force to the
Senate bill as it stands. The Senate bill on this
subject of freeing slaves authorizes the President
of the United States, when he deems it necessary
for the suppression of the rebellion, to
Issue Ills proclamation commanding nil persons to lay
down their iinns and to return to tlicirollegiancc to the Uni-
ted Sutto, ; proclaiming tliatlf any person wiiiiui any State
or district declared by him in a state of insurrection, shall
be found In arms against the Government thirty days utter
tile date of such proclamation, or giving aid and corn Tort to
the present rebellion, the islavcsof all such persons, within
such btatc or district,shall be made free, and thereupon the
slaves of af! such persons, at the expiration of said thiity
day*, shall bo free and forever discharged from any and all
claim to their Jabor or wrvfee, any law or custom of anv
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Now, who is to carry that out? Allow me to
ask my friend from New York, who is to determ-
ine tiiat? Practically, how is that to be carried
out ? The House bill provides the machinery for it.
Itappointscommissionersand sends them into the
region of country where siavesare owned; requires
a register to be made of all these slaves, and then
"goes into the court, and a publication 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Fes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Itis this: whether we send
any commissioners into .the country before we
take it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not; but can-
not you send them as you do take it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate bill deals with
it as fast as you take it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It makes no provision for
dealing with the slave whatever.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin would calm his excited feelings down so
as to look at the law, he will find there is no such
provision whatever.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator indulge
me a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator refers to me
and tells me to calm down my feelings. Mr. Pres-
ident, I claim to be afriend of a confiscation meas-
ure, one which will be efficient and constitutional
and worth something after it has passed. Here,
when we are anxious to take a vote, the pretended
friends of confiscation rise up day after day and
we sit here and make no reply. Why? Because
we want to get a vote and have practical action
on this subject. Because, after the Senator has
been heard probably fifty times on this question,
I express a little impatience that we should come
to a vote, so that we could dispose of this meas-
ure before we lose a quorum of this body, the Sen-
ator undertakes to reprove me for it. Now, Mr.
President, I understand the Senator from Illinois
and the course that lie has pursued on this subject
from the beginning. Assuming to be, as ho un-
doubtedly is, one of the leaders of the Republican
party, he has undertaken to manage this affair as
General Shields pursued Jackson. He followed
him with such hot pursuit that his army was
strung out forty miles long. Jackson ascertained
it, turned round and whipped the head off of his
army and afterwards whipped off the tail. That
is the kind of generalship by which the honorable
Senator from Illinois undertakes to manage affairs
here on this subject.
Mr. WADE. Jackson lias beaten you.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Jackson has beaten you,
and will beat you again, and your enemies will
beat you, unless you can stand together on this
measure, and go for the bill which the Senate has
adopted through its committee;go for a bill which
will stand investigation before the courts of the
country. 1 tell you, if you do not do that, you
will be beaten. There is no doubt about it.
Mr. President, I did not intend to be drawn into
the discussion of this matter, but I do notintend
to sit quietly to be reproved by the Senator from
Illinois if I express a desire, and an anxious de-
sire, that we should come to a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
that I was quite right in supposing that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was very much excited, and
having given expression to the ebullition of his
feelings, I hope he will now be considerate enough
to look at the bill. I stated that there was no
machinery in the Senate bill whatever for the pur-
pose of declaring the freedom of these slaves, ex-
cept simply the law. Does the Senator from Wis-
consin pretend there is any such thing? Instead
of answering it, he goes off and compares me and
the friends that arc acting with me to the Union
armies badly managed; and I suppose he com-
pares himself, uniting with the opponents of the
measures of confiscation, to the rebel Jackson.
He says we are beaten; that Jackson beat Shields,
and cut off the head and the tail of his army,
just as he and those cooperating with him who
are enemies to confiscation are defeating the meas-
ure here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, will be quiet
and take his seat. I have given way to him once.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator need not in-
terrupt me. I will not bo interrupted at present.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator should not
misrepresent me.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from Illinois is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Wisconsin will be called to order by the Chair, if
his sense of respect will not o£ itself induce him
to keep order. I gave him the floor very court-
eously when he asked for it,although, on former
occasions, the Senator has not thought proper to
allow me to interrupt him; and I should have been
justified in nol allowing his first interruption.
I said, sir, that I thought his comparison was
a very striking one. It showed that, as the en-
emies of the Union and of the Union armies had
gained some advantages over the soldiers fighting
in the cause of the Republic, so the enemies of con-
fiscation and the punishment of traitors had gained
a triumph here by the bad generalship, if you
please, of those who are for confiscation. Sir, I
do not pretend to any skill as a general in the field
or in the Senate. I know no way to present a ques-
tion except to try to present it clearly and dis-
tinctly to the judgments of Senators.
I said, and I repeat now again, that the Senate
bill does not provide for going into the courts to
determine who are free or who arc not free of the
slaves that it provides for discharging from servi-
tude. It merely declares that they shall be free.
I said—perhaps the Senator from Wisconsin dis-
agrees with me on that—that I thought the House
bill was better in that respect because it contains
the machinery. He then wanted to know if we
could do anything until we got possession.
Certainly not; but when we do get possession'the
Senate bill provides no machinery for ascertain-
ing who are the slaves of rebels at all. The House
bill does. It contains a provision directing the
appointment of commissioners to go along as we
get possession, and take a register of all the per-
sons held to service or labor, and then provides
that a proeeeding shall take place in court and a
publication shall be made, and those who claim a
right to hold any of those registered persons as
slaves are notified to appear in court and establish
their right to hold them and their loyalty, and then
they are allowed by the bill to own them. If they
fail to do that, they are declared free, and receive
the evidence of their freedom. This is to be done
after we get possession of the country. The .bill
reported m the Senate contains no such provision.
I should be exceedingly glad if the Senator from
New Hampshire would adopt this machinery as
connected with his substitute, if it is to be adopted
by the Senate. I cannot see any objection to it.
1 think it very valuable, and I should be glad if
the provision could be incorporated here.
Now, us to what the Senator from Ohio has
said, that wc shall have a dispute with the House,
why, sir, there will not be much of a dispute with
the House if we pass the very bill which the House
has passed. We pass it, it is true, in a different
form; that is, we do not enact the bill as they sent
it here, but they will find no difficulty m concur-
ring with the very same bill which they have
passed. If, however, we adopt a substitute of a dif-
ferent character from anything they have passed,
and which they have voted down by a two-thirds
vote in the House when distinctly presented, itis
not as likely that we shall get a concurrence as it
is if we adopt a bill which they have once passed,
although we adopt it on another bill, if you please.
Now, I do think that these detailed provisions
are altogether better on this subject. In fact.ihere
are none in the Senate bill. 1' do not know but
the better motion for me to make would be to in-
corporate the sections of the House bill upon the
substitute, so as to provide, for these negroes who
are made free, some mode of establishing the evi-
dence of the fact. I should be very glad if some
friend of that bill would move it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have witnessed
with a great deal of pain the scenes that have been
presented before us to-day in the Senate. I feel
that the eye of the civilized world is upon us, and
that on the Republican party of this continent
no wrests the question of free government through-
outthe world. Itseems so to me; and I say I am
pained the more, because it seems to me that here
is a radical division that has elicited a manifesta-
tion of some degree of feeling which may tend,
not only on this important question, but on others,
to divide that party on whom the hopes of the
whole world must rest. We have stood together,
shoulder to shoulder, upon the great questions
which have come before us during this session,
and n^ver, in any legislative assembly, has so much
been accomplished for the welfare of mankind, for
the hope of the world, as has been accomplished
thus far by the action of the Republican party in
this Congress. Sir, posterity, will be amaze'd at
