1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
The President entered into no obligation to them
that I am aware of.
Mr. RICE. The President gave them each an
appointment. It is true, it depended on the fu-
ture action of Congress to ratify it, in the same
manner as his call for seventy-five thousand men
and various other acts were dependent on the rati-
fication of Congress. All Union men unanimously
a'greed to sustain him m those acts, and I think
we should sustain him in this, up to the time we
act on the subject. As to the future, we can make
any reduction of pay and any reduction of num-
bers that may be deemed necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, according to my
recollection, the President made it dependent en-
tirely on the action of Congress. He could not
do otherwise, because he had no sort of authority
one way or the other. I have so much respect
for the clergy, so much for the cloth, as it is called,
that I do not suppose one of these men would be
willing to take out of the Treasury one dollar
more than he ought reasonably to receive for his
services on the strength of any promise or inti-
mation whatever. They have too much con-
science for that, and are willing unquestionably
to submit to what is right.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It will be
remembered that when the President called for
volunteers early last year, in the plan of organi-
zation submitted at that time it was provided that
regimental chaplains should have the pay and rank
of captains of cavalry, and when Congress assem-
bled, in reporting the bill for the organization of
the volunteers, we acted according to that plan
and that pledge of the Government. The Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] moved a reduction of
that compensation. It was sustained by a vote of
the Senate, but under the pledge given to these
chaplains of volunteer regiments the Senate recon-
sidered that vote, and the bill, as finally passed by
Congress, gave to the chaplains of volunteer regi-
ments the pay of a captain of cavalry. That is
the law of the land to-day. We have, it is said,
seven hundred and forty icgiments. I do not be-
lieve we have so many. 1 have never seen any
evidence that we have six hundred regiments in
the field. I do not believe that there are under the
flag of the Union in the volunteer forces of the
country more than five hundred thousand men.
Mr. GRIMES. How many regiments?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think there are more than from live hundred and
fifty to six hundred regiments.
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator if that
is the report from the Paymaster General?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the Paymaster General says there are about
seven hundred and twenty ivgiments. We have
called on the Department for a list of those regi-
ments, and they returned us but little more than
five hundred. 1 think there is some mistake on
this subject. 1 think there are not six hundred
regiments organized, and that there are not over
five hundred thousand men. We arc not paying
more than five bundled thousand men to-day. I
will say further, that I have never yet seen any
evidence thatled me to suppose the army of the so-
called confederate States ever exceeded two hun-
dred thousand men; and it does not now amount
to one hundred and eighty thousand. These forces
have been over-estimated altogether.
Now, sir, we have one chaplain for every vol-
unteer regiment. There may be a few regiments,
perhaps, without a chaplain. I believe most of
these chaplains arc men of capacity and of charac-
ter, men who are faithfully performing the duties
that belong to them as chaplains of volunteer regi-
ments. Some of (hem are unworthy, worthless,
a disgrace to their profession, and receive, as they
ought to receive, the scorn, derision, and con-
tempt of officers and soldiers; but I believe the
great mass of them are doing their duty with fidel-
ity; that they comprehend their duties and are
performing them.
I think this may be said also of the great mass
of the officers of the volunteers. I know that it
is fashionable to sneer at and deride those officers.
We are told that they throng this city, and fill up
every avenue of dissipation. Sir, there are more
than ei^ht thousand officers connected with the
army of the Potomac, and how few of them do we
ever see hanging around this city. The great
mass of those officers are with their men, faith-
fully performing their duty.
The Senator from Maine, if I understand him,
does not oppose the appointment of chaplains for
these hospitals. There can be but few of them at
any rate; only one to each permanent hospital.
Everybody admits that we need chaplains in those
hospitals. The President, without law, governed
by the necessities of the occasion—the wants of
sick and dying men—appointed a few chaplains
for those hospitals, for whom, I think, the com-
pensation proposed by this bill would be ample;
others think otherwise. I am willing to fix it at
a reasonable rate; and as we have proposed in
this bill to cut off certain emoluments of officers, I
would be willing to fix the compensation of these
chaplains, say at $1,200 a year, $100 a month;
and I would be willing to reduce the compensation
of regimental chaplains from $1,800 or §1,900 to
$1,200. I think that would bo a full and ample
compensation. I am willing, therefore, to make
an amendment to this section so as to provide that
the chaplains appointed for these hospitals shall
receive a compensation of $1,200 a year; that is,
$100 a month, and have no emoluments and no
favors of any kind. That would be a salary that
everybody would understand, and I think it would
be sufficient. I am willing also to amend the bill
so as to reduce the compensation of chaplains in
the field, who are receiving double the compensa-
tion they could average when they were at home.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to ask hirn if he can tell
the Senate what number of chaplains we are pay-
ing. The point is to know what we pay.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
tell what number we are paying. There can be
in the volunteer force but one chaplain to a regi-
ment under any circumstances, and I think some
regiments are without a chaplain.
1 suppose the Senator would like to know the
number appointed in the hospitals. I called on
the President a day or two ago in regard to this
matter, and in the course of conversation I was
told by him that he had made very few appoint-
ments.
Mr. RICE. Seven or eight; notexceeding nine.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood that the'y would not exceed a dozen in the
whole country. These persons have been acting
for several months without any law for their ap-
pointment; and the President said he had calls for
the appointment of quite a number of them m
various parts of the country where they were
needed. The passage of this bill may lead to the
appointment possibly of some forty or fifty hos-
pital chaplains in the whole country; it will not
exceed that number.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that there can be
but one to a regiment. It seems, however, that
nobody knows whether there are five or six hun-
dred regiments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We cannot
tell.
Mr. CLARK. I call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that there is not a man here who can
tell the number of regiments within a hundred;
and there is not a man here who can tell what
they are paid; some say $1,800, some $1,900,
some $2,600, and some $2,700. We sit here as
grave Senators to legislate on a subject that we
know so much about!
Mr. RICE. We can tell all about it.
Mr. CLARK. I wish the Senator would tell
all about it. How many chaplains have we?
Mr. RICE. Not to exceed one for each regi-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that; but how
many regiments have we?
Mr. RICE. T would prefer that the honorable
Senator should address that inquiry to the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army.
Mr. CLARK. Or the Secretary of War?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see that I have any
more information about it than I had before.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
calicd on the Secretary of War to furnish us with
a list, and he has sent returns here making little
more than five hundred regiments in all. We are
told that the Paymaster Genera] says there are
something like seven hundred and twenty. I sup-
pose lie includes skeleton organizations, scattered
about the comury,cf which there are perhaps one
hundred or one hundred and fiJ"ty that are not yet
made up, and never will be.
Mr.,CLARK. Does a skeleton have a chaplain ?
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I think those
regiments have not. I will say to the Senate, in
regard to the appointment of chaplains, that the
law requires that the company officers of the regi-
mentshallassembleand elect a chaplain. The pre-
sumption is, therefore, that a chaplain is never
appointed to a regiment until it is full, the officers
commissioned, and the regiment fully organized;
and I think that is the general practice. I do not
know who is to blame for the ignorance that pre-
vails in the country with regard to the number Of
regiments. We do not know the number; the
War Office does not know;the Presidentdoes not
know, and I do not know anybody who can tell
us. We have called for the information. 1 have
investigated the matter, and my own opinion is
that we have between five hundred and fifty and
five hundred and eighty regiments, and that we
have a force of about five hundred and twenty
thousand men in the whole country. The loose
manner in which the volunteer forces have been
called into the field, is to a great extent owing to
the fact that the President of the United States
gave authority to gentlemen who came here to
raise regiments, that the Secretary of War gave
authority, and whether the commanding generals
gave authority or not I do not know.
Mr. DAVIS. They did.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am told
they did do so; but I know that a clerk in the War
Office, without the knowledge of the Secretary of
War—a man who now fills a foreign position, but
has not yet been confirmed by the Senate—gave
authority to raise regiments, and transacted other
business ill the name of the Secretary of War, in
violation of his duties as a clerk in that office.
Mr. HOWARD. Who was that?
Mr. FOSTER. One Mr. Lesley. • •
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Congress
committed a grave mistake last session; wo com-
mitted it through potent influences. I mean offi-
cial influence—the influence of gentlemen who
administered the Government at the other end of
the avenue. We made the mistake that we left
something to discretion, instead of confining the
call for troops to law, or to proclamation, fixing
everything properly. By not doing so, we have
had a loose way of calling out regiments, and I
have no doubt that it has added much to the mili-
tary expense of the country, and has been the
prolific cause of this ignorance in regard to the
number of our regiments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shofild like to interrupt
my friend just there. The law that he says was
so loose, although framed by himself, expressly
limits the number of regiments of cavalry and ar-
tillery to one tenth; and I have here a table show-
ing the organization of the Army, which provides
for thirty-five regiments of cavalry, thirty-five
regiments of artillery,andfour hundred and thirty
regiments of infantry. The law was right; it
- limited the number of regiments in each branch of
the service; but they exceeded the law, and dis-
obeyed it. It is not for the want of law; the law
itself was well enough.
Mr. NESMITH. When the proposition to
employ chaplains in the Army was before the Sen-
ate last summer, I was opposed to it; I thought
it was creating unnecessary expense. The other
day, when this bill was up, I submitted an amend-
ment, to be called up subsequently, to insert at
the end of the eleventh section these words:
That hereafter there shall be but one chaplain to each
briLMdc.
I know that amendment is not properly before
the Senate at the present time; but it seems to me
somewhat connected with the question now pend-
ing. I have no objection to the employment of
chaplains for the hospitals, as contemplated by
the amendment now under consideration. I think
that is very proper; but after that amendment
shall be adopted, I hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment submitted by me when the bill was
last under consideration, or one similar to it. I
offered it from no unkind feeling towards the
clergy, or the influence they might exert in the
Army, but merely as a financial measure to save
the money of the country, which is being squan-
dered at such an extravagant rate. I have made
some computations on the subject. The pay of a
chaplain, under the bill which wc passed at the
