m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
because if it is to have a good effect as an exam-
ple upon our generals anywhere, and especially
in the West, the sooner it is considered the bet-
ter; and that it will have a good effect, and con-
sequently, that it should be considered and passed
at once, I will attempt to show. We all know—
for we have seen it in the orders—that the suc-
cessor of Genera! Fremont, more I believe for the
purpose of hunting down General Fremont than
from any general principle, has ordered that all
slaves that have been received within our lines
by order of General Fremont should be excluded
and returned to their masters, and that in future
none others shall be permitted to come within
those lines, upon a pretense, which any man who
reads must know is a false pretense, that they
are spies, and carry intelligence to the enemy.
That is too bald a pretense to secure the belief
of a child even. That slaves who have runaway
from their masters and sought protection from us,
should have any desire to return as spies and give
information to the enemy, seems incredible. All
our information from every source, so far as I
have heard, is that these persons never desire to
return, and that they are faithful to those who
protect them. I hope the resolution will be passed,
for the purpose of affecting our generals every-
where else.
_ We know that this system of excluding fugi-
tives from labor from our lines, and returning
them to their masters, was inaugurated by Gen-
eral McClellan in Western Virginia. Afterwards
came the magnificent proclamation of General
Dix, when he sent down an army into Eastern
Virginia, amidst enemies and secessionists—fori
venture to say that in those counties of Virginia,
as well as in the adjoining counties of Maryland,
there are not fifty ioyal men—which ordered, in
effect, the arrest of all fugitive slaves which came
to them, and give them back to their masters, and
to exclude them entirely from their lines, because
special care was to be taken that nobody's slaves
should be liberated.
Then, sir, the same order has been made here
in regard to the army on the Potomac. And if
the newspaper reports, uncontradicted, be true,
after a battle we had in Western Virginia, two
fugitive staves found two or three of our wounded
soldiers, who had crawled into the bushes and
escaped from the enemy, nursed and attended
them, and then brought them to theirfriends; and
that after that had been done General Kelley or-
'dered those fugitive slaves to be returned to their
masters.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he is aware of the state-
ment that their masters were secessionists at that ?
Mr. STEVENS. Such was the statement; but
I do not care whether they were or not. I say
that no parallel case of cold-blooded atrocity can
be found in history, unless it be the case of the
betrayers of Alice Gray. In my judgment, all
these cases which I have recited are a disgrace to
the profession of arms; and if done on the mere
notion of the commanding generals they deserve
to have the epaulets stripped from their shoulders.
If done by the direction of higher authority, I have
only to say, God forgive theni, for they know not
what they do.
I hope the resolution will not be postponed,
but passed at once. 1 renew the previous ques-
. tion, in accordance with my promise to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As I said before, I do not
know that I care to discuss this matter. I much
prefer that some others should do so, and then it
will not be supposed, I presume, that the resolu-
tion is prompted by fanaticism.
But I desire to state, in reference to the last re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
it is my honest conviction that these orders are
given by the promptings of the generals them-
selves, and that they have no authority to issue*
them from the President. I am satisfied that that
is true. While the President does not remove
and cashier them, as I would do, yet I do not be-
lieve he has given them any authority whatever,
directly or indirectly, to proceed in this inhuman
and shameful manner; for it is the concurrent tes-
timony of every general in the field—and it is in
accordance with my own observation while in the
western department—that these slaves never play
the game of spy; and that they are truly loyal
and faithful. 1 remember very well that General
McDowell, before that fatal battle, was careful to
inquire of every fugitive whom he met in relation
to the position and movement of the enemy, and
the topography of the country. I am satisfied
that they are the most reliable scouts we have;
that they give us the best information we have;
and I do think it is most shameful and mean and
contemptible for a major general of the United
States to slander a race already degraded, poor,
and despised. It is an utter shame. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I asked the gentle-
man from Illinois to withdraw the previous ques-
tion because, in all this debate, great injustice has
been done to General Halleck. I understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that General
Halleck had ordered fugitive slaves to be returned
to their masters. That is not so.
Mr. STEVENS. The purport of his order
was that no fugitives should be retained, but be
excluded, and that no others should be admitted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. From his camp.
Mr. STEVENS. The order was, from his
lines.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
House that I had a conversation with General
Halleck about that order. I misapprehended it
myself; and I say here, upon the floor of the
House, that the order is open to misunderstand-
ing; and it is upon that point that I want to speak.
General Halleck told me he had no idea of doing
anything contrary to the law passed by the last
Congress, and to the policy of the Government
upon this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether I have not stated correctly the
order as published?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believe the gen-
tleman has; but in the beginning the gentleman
did not state the order as it was written, and he
stated what was not in the order. I presume he
did not intend to do General Halleck any injus-
tice; but he did him great injustice in saying that
the order required the return of fugitive slaves.
There is no such provision in the order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I wish to say that what-
ever the purpose was, I have letters from gentle-
men who have occupied high civil positions in
Missouri, now in the Army, stating that under
color of that order, fugitives are hunted all through
the lines, and actually taken away from those who
have them under their protection.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not pretend to
deny the gentleman's information; but I desire to
state to the House and the country, that I pos-
itively know that General Halleck, upon my ap-
plication, gave an order to deliver some of those
fugitives from prison in St. Louis, and let them
go about their business; and I know, whatever
may have been done under color of that order, it
was not his intention that such things should be
done. He dill not issue the order with any such
intent. If the gentleman will allow me, I will state
what passed between the general and myself upon
that subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was about to finish my
remarks by saying that under that order slaves
are actually delivered up by the officers of the
Army; and if the general was unfortunate in not
being able to use the English language correctly,
of coursc it is his fault.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That is a very com-
mon misfortune. I desire to state to the House,
in justification of General Halleck, what occurred
between us when I called on him the day after that
order was issued. I know I may speak of it, be-
cause lie does not care to conceal his sentiments.
I told him I believed his order would be misun- ;
derstood and misconstrued; as it has been here
to-day. He told mo then that he had no idea of
contravening the Jaw of Congress, or the policy
of the Administration on this subject; that his
simple object was to exclude from his camp—not
his lines—persons who could convey information
to the enemy. As an instance of what he intended
to guard against, I will say that at Cairo it was
the habit of slaves to come mto camp from Ken-
tucky and southeastern Missouri for the purpose
of selling provisions, and then going back into
Missouri and Kentucky, where they fell into the
hands of the enemy, who exacted information
from them. He desired to put a stop to this thing,
and that was the moving cause of his having pub-
lished this order. I believe that what he stated
in reference to this matter can be corroborated by
gentlemen who were at Cairo at the time; and lie
said, moreover, that he not only intended to ex-
clude from hiscamp these fugitive slaves wbocarao
there and then went back to the enemy's camp,
but that he meant to excludc everybody, white
and black; that he meant to make no distinction
in the matter, but that it was a mere military order
to preserve thediscipline of his camp,and prevent
the enemy from getting information.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman,
if that was the ground upon which General Hal-
leck acted, why he did not detain those who were
already within his lines, and forbid others from
coming there, instead of sending back those
whom he declared to be spies ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no doubt
the suggestion would have been a very good one
if the gentleman had been by to make it to Gen-
eral Halleck; and it probably might have received
his assent.
Mr. FOUKE. Inasmuch as Cairo has been
alluded to, I will state the fact that the officers
and soldiers there regard this order of General
Halleck as a most wise and salutary one. I caie
not what motives prompted him to make it, it was
one which was much needed. The statement of
my colleague in regard to the fidelity of these slaves
is, in the main, untrue. We were misled on the
7th of November last by one of them, and my
own regiment was led into ambush, and suffered
the consequences. You cannot, therefore, rely
upon the fidelity and loyalty of the slaves of Mis-
souri, or any other State. I merely state facts
which are known to our whole army there: and
let my colleague's views prevail, and there is an
end of recruiting for the volunteer service in my
section of the State. These negroes come into
our camps to sell their produce, and then com-
municate to the enemy information regarding the
situation of our Army. These are facts; and I
know that every man bearing arms there will
substantiate what I say.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Of course I cannot deny the
facts which my colleague states; but I know this,
that the testimony of General Prentiss and Gen-
eral Lane, and, I think, of General Pope—although
I will not be certain whether I had any conversa-
tion with him upon the subject—the concurrent
testimony of all these generals with whom I con-
versed was in contravention of the statement of
my colleague as to the general principle, not in
reference to that particular case. I would ask my
colleague what became of the negro who betrayed
his regiment? Will my colleague be kind enough
to answer?
Mr. FOUKE. I do not happen to know what
became of him afterwards. We fell into the en-
gagement at half past ten o'clock in the morning;
and remained under fire until five o'clock in the
evening, and I had no time to look after the negro,
about whom my colleague seems to be more con-
cerned than the wounded and slain upon the battle-
field; and I think if he would pay less attention
to the negroand more to the interests of the coun-
try we would get along much better with this war.
[Applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
galleries now, for the last time, that if applause
or disapproval shall be expressed there, he will
have them cleared. He has given this notices
number of times, and cannot do it again. And the
Chair will say to members that if disorder occurs
upon the floor again, he will order any gentleman
who causes it to be arrested. This is a deliber-
ative body, and must not be converted into a
theater.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am very well sat-
isfied that there is a misapprehension in the mind
of the gentleman who lias offered this resolution,
and of those who support it, with regard to the
sentiments of General Halleck on this subject,
and I rose to explain, as far as I could, what the
general told me upon the subject. He statrd, in
addition to what I have already said, that he in-
tended to use those slaves who ran away from
their masters if he could use them with advantage
