1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^041
manent hospitals, "so that these discharges by the
medical inspectors shall only apply to men who
are in the permanent hospitals, and not to the gen-
eral field service. The great difficulty we have is
that in and about Washington and St. Louis and
a few other places, we have the hospitals full of
men who cannot, in all humnn probability, render
any service to the country hereafter. The object
is to facilitate their discharge; and it is thought
on the whole, to obviate all complaint, that it is
better to confine this bill simply to the permanent
hospitals, and then it certainly cannot work any
harm'.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are all the hospitals about
this city considered permanent?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is no
legal designation for them, but wc call them per-
manent hospitals, as distinguished from the hos-
pitals which are in the field with the several regi-
ments. Those arc movable hospitals, and these
are stationary or permanent. I will say that it is
now in the power of the surgeons of regiments to
give disability certificates, upon which the men
are discharged; but in the permanent hospitals in
some parts of the country there have been hun-
dreds of men at a time anxious to go home, but
who could not be discharged owing to the diffi-
culty of procuring discharges under the present
system. As a recent law has provided for an In-
spector General and eight medical inspectors of
hospitals, this bill proposes that those officers
shall have the power to give discharges to soldiers
for physical disability upon personal examina-
tion. The power is not given to the regimental
surgeons'or the brigade surgeons, but is confined
to the medical inspectors, so that there shall not
be any abuse, and they have to make a personal
examination of the soldiers. This bill has the
sanction of the new Surgeon Geneial, who is very
anxious to have it pass. We have been complain-
ing all winter that our hospitals here have been
full of men who have been for months unfit for
duty and have not been discl^rged.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand thai by the
law as it now stands, a brigade or regimental sur-
geon gives a certificate on which a man gets his
discharge, but these hospital surgeons have not
authority to do it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They have
authority to give a certificate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then what is the neces-
sity for this bill ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will state.
By the law now, surgeons may give a certificate
that a man is disabled. That certificate goes to
headquarters, and finally reaches the Adjutant
General. It is a long process. It sometimes takes
six or eight weeks. The applications are so numer-
ous that many of the medical men in the hospitals
do not strictly attend to this duty. I have had, at
times, papers signed by a dozen men in a hospital
setting forth that they have been confined so long
a time, that they are incapable of rendering any
service, and that they want to go home; that they
have made application for discharges but do not
get discharged. Now, this bill, in order to hasten
that, provides that the medical inspectors may
grant discharges. The Secretary of War has done
what he could under the old system to give these
discharges, because it is important that every man
who cannot render scrvice to the country should
go home. There, unquestionably, he will recover
his health sooner; it is safer for him; the men
want to go home; they can render no scrvice to
the country. We are not short of men; we have
a great abundance. If we get rid of a sick man,
we can get a well man in his place, if we want to
do so. I proposefui ther to amend the bill by pro-
viding that these inspectors shall report the dis-
charges to the Surgeon General and to the Adj utant
General. I believe the tendency of it will be to
facilitate the discharges. It will be a matter of
humanity. I am told by persons who arc inter-
ested in the hospitals, by gentlemen and ladies
who have taken the deepest interest in them, that
the passage of this bill will be an act of humanity,
besides being an act in the interest really of the
Government and of the Treasury of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the Sen-
ate, I should like to read a letter that I received
this morning on this subject, addressed to me:
"MVY 8,1802.
"RE3PECTEDSIH.: The writer of the present note trusts
you will excuse the Hbcity hetakeaiuthusaddrcssingyou.
" The writer is an invalid soldier of the regiment
 — volunteers. He has been suffering for the last five
months of a combination of incuiable diseases, which, of
course, unfit him for the duties retained of a private soldier.
" Certificates of disability wete made out and forwarded
fiom his regiment on the 20th of March ; but he is still lin-
gering miserably m hospital, a useless expense to the Uni-
ted States Government, while his papeis probably lie on
some dusty table in the circumlocution offiec In Washing-
ton, and they will probably he there until doomsday if some
fri'/nci does not interest himself in hunting them up.
" The writer doos not addt ess you on his own behall alone.
In this ho-pital there are some fifteen orsixteen men,
all of whomaie incurably and painfully diseased ; all are at
present juat able to reach their homes, all have been wait-
ing for months for their discharge, and all feel that It is hard
that men whose health has been permanently ruined in the
peiforinance of their duty should be allowed to linger for
months in a Government hospital."
Mr. CLARK. I will state a case that fell under
my own notice, because individual cases illus-
trate the general subject. It was that of a soldier
who belonged to the first New Hampshire bat-
tery, who had got a cot tificate of disability from
the surgeon attached to the regiment or battery.
He was entitled to be discharged from the service
on the certificate, but he came here to get his dis-
charge, and it happened that he wanted a dupli-
cate of a paper. He had the paper, but he should,
according to the regulations, have produced a du-
plicate with the paper. He came here, and after
he had come here from his battery in the advance
upon Manassas, the battery moved from the place
where it was, and nobody here knew where it
was, and he did not know where to go to find it.
Upon his application for hisdischarse they would
not discharge him, simply because lie had not a
duplicate of that paper. They could have made
out one, as will be seen presently, but they would
not make him one. He lingered about the streets
here day after day. Finally he applied to me to
go with him to the office to sec if I could not pro-
cure his discharge. I went with him to the office,
and they told me he could not be discharged, be-
cause lie had not that duplicate. 1 inquired "is
there not any man here who can make out a du-
plicate of that paper?" The answer was," I sup-
pose there is." I asked him, "cannot you do
it?" He told me that if I would go up stairs I
might find somebody who would do it. We went
up to get it done, and very soon they produced a
duplicate, and I got the man discharged on my
application. The man had been lingering here
for weeks, because they would not make out a
duplicate for him.
That is the way men are treated. This is one
case. I know another case that came to my per-
sonal knowledge, where a man wanted to be ex-
amined by the surgeon, for the purpose of being
discharged. He got a member of the other House
to go and make application to have him examined
for that purpose. When he presented himself to
the surgeons, they would not examine him. They
said: " You come here; you are well enough; you
have got a member of Congress to come to get
you discharged, when you are well enough; and
we will not examine you." And they would not
examine him. The member of the House went
to the Secretary of War, and got a peremptory
order from the Secretary on these surgeons to ex-
amine that man, and he could not get him exam-
ined until he did get such an order. That is the
way the thing is delayed.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire of the Senator
from New Hampshire whether it was a duplicate
of the disability, or a duplicate of the paper that
was required before the soldier was discharged.
Mr. CLARK. I do not recollect what the paper
was, but I know a duplicate of it was required,
and the clerks would not take the trouble to make
it out.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not a duplicate of the
diseased state of the patient that was required?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK. He had diseases enough I have
no doubt to entitle him to a discharge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
further to amend the bill by adding to it these
words:
And report the same to the Adjutant Geneial and to the
Suigeon Gcntna).
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was i eported to the Senate, as amended,
and tiie amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to take up the
bill (S. No. 292) in regard to the collection of taxes
in insurrectionary districts, so that it may be left
as the unfinished business., • .
The motion was agreed to.
On motion ofMr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to theeonsideration of execu-
tive business; and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
FniDAf, May 9, 1862.
The Hoyfe met at twelve o'clock, m. Pray^t
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of the bill (H. R. r^j. 374)
to render freedom national and slavery sectional,
on which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] had moved the previous question.
TRIUMPHS OP THIS NATIONAL ARMS. '
Mr.LOVEJOY. Before proceeding to that sub-
ject I ask leave to offer the following resolutions*
Resolved, That it is with feelings of devout gratitude to
Almighty God, that the House of Representatives, from
time to time, hears of the triumphs of the Union Army in
the gieat stiugglefor the supremacy of the Constitution and
the integrity of the Union.
Resolved, That weieceive with profound satisfaction in-
telligence of the recant victories achieved by the armies of
the Potomac, associated fiom their localities with those of
the Revolution, and that the sincere thanks of this House
are hereby tendered to Major General George B. McClellan,
for the display of those high military qualities which secure
important results with but little sacrifice of human life.
There being no objection, the resolutions were
received.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move their adoption, and
on it call the previous question.
Mr. COX. I hope they will be passed unani-
mously.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr. I move that they be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has demanded the previous question, which the
Chair neglected to put, and the motion to refer
is not in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; &nd also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY.
The question recurred on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill (H. R. No. 374) to render
freedom national and slavery sectional.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to introduce a bill for reference only.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will have to decline yield-
ing. If I commence, there will be no end to it.
I think it will not take long to pass this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I desire simply to have a bill
referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. By what right has the gen-
tleman from Illinois the floor?
The SPEAKER. The special order to-day is
territorial business, the pending question being
House bill No. 374.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Butthatdoes notgive him
the floor, to the prejudice of all the other members
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. For what?
The SPEAKER.* For whatever motion he may
make.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. He moved the previous
question, and that cuts him off from the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
withdrew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and offer a substitute for the
bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I raise the point of order
that the main question was ordered yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken
