3002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
little concession even to weak brethren on this
subject? They had beaten us once. Ihen why
not exorcise the magnanimity to meet us upon a
middle ground ? Or will they, following up their
triumph, which tbey have obtained by a combi-
nation with their opponents a.9 well as outs, just
drive us to the wall upon the subject? Sir, it is
not magnanimous, it. is not generous. It does not
comport with the best interests of the country to
be disclosing our bickerings here in a way that I
would be glad to avoid before the world. I want
Europe to know, I want the rebels to know, that
on the subject of punishing their rebellion, in the
Republican party there is but one voice, one view,
and that that is, that rebellion is to find no quar-
ter at our hands.
But, Mr. President, I know gentlemen are im-
patient, and 1 am undoubtedly tiresome and pro-
lix.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Go on.
Mr. WADE. No,sir, I will notgu on atlength.
I am not accustomed to it. I only speak from the
occasion and from the feelings that prompt me to
speak at the moment. 1 did not intend to say a
word on this subject. 1 flattered myself that we
should pass this House bill. I have written to
my constituents, who felt all anxious on thissub-
jeet, " we shall pass a confiscation bill; I think we
shall be able to take the bills of the House and
pass thorn into laws." My disappointment is bit-
ter. It is a humiliation to me, not that my favor-
ite measure is beaten, hut that it is a question in
which the people to-day feel more interest than in
any other. I i'oel as strongly as any one of my
constituents the absolute necessity that this war
shall be prosecuted ill all its parts in a different
spirit from that in which it is now prosecuted.
Ithas been asked, " how do our Union brethren
in the seceded States view these things?" A gen-
eral officer from Kentucky—I believe iie was such
from the insignia that he wore; or perhaps he was
an aid to some general—came to my room this
morning to see me on this very subject. Ho told
me that lie was assured we could tiave no peace
until slavery was abolished; and he was a great
. slaveholder. He said that he was entirely satis-
fied that, these ludf-way measures of ours would
never lead to a favorable result. I told him my
convictions oil the subject. 1 told him how much
1 regretted that llie Administration did not view it
in the light I did, and had not taken more resolute
and determined measures to trample this rebellion
under fool; and he said he agreed with me in every
word and sentence; lie knew the southern people,
and he believed it never would be done. He said
it was an insult to the Union men of the South that
the rebels fared just about as well or a little better
under our Administration than did the true Union
men. " Why,"said he, "youeanuoteoiiceive the
deprivations and the indignities to which we are
subjected every where; and do you supposo we view
them with patience?" Theyare infinitely mistaken
wh" believe that the Union men of the South are
for your temporizing measures. I should know
from the common operations of the liumtui mint,
without ever going to the South or hearing from
southern men, that it was not so. We feel indig-
nant, living in the calm dignity of the free States,
where we never saw the smoke of an enemy's
camp, and where our women and children are safe
wherever we may go; and from that wo may judge
a little of the vindictive feelings that arc engen-
dered in the hearts of those who live in constant
insecurity and aluun, those who inhabit a region
where predotoiy bands visit their houses, insult
their women, and rob the men of their property.
Do you believe that lliey who do these accursed
things arc the men whom these Union people look
upon with complacency? Sir, it is a great mis-
take. It is a mistake as to the constitution of the
human mind. U has no element to side with these
men I tell you, and 1 am borne outoven by the
testimony of the officer to whom 1 have referred,
who knows of what he speaks, that the severer
we handle these rebels the better it will suit the
true Union men of the South. Sir, it is due to
them; it is what the General Government owes to
those men, at all hazards and at any sacrifice, to
maiiKain their rights intact.
Sir, I fed for the Union men of the South. I al-
ways wish to bu understood as limiting my re-
mains, when I appear to be severe to the men in
rebellion against the best Government on God's
earth,not to the men who, subjected to every peril,
appealed to by every motive that could swerve tl
linmnn mind, still stand fast by their integnt
the
human mind', still stand fast by their integrity.
My sympathies are with them, and therefore I
want a severe measure. Like that great officer to
whom I have referred, who knows them well, who
is " to the manner born," I want their slaves con-
fiscated, I want their great aristocratic estates
brought low, I want their slaves sent away. You
talk about colonization. I am with you on that.
I want these men deprived of this property that
ministers to their insolence, to their arrogance,
that rendors it impossible that they can remain
with us in a true democratic Government.
Sir, we must put them down. To talk of peace
with the causes of this war outstanding, is arrant
nonsense. You must deprive them of their prop-
erty. This bill of the House of Representatives
is well calculated to effect that; it is not quite as
well calculated to do it as I wish it was; but in
my judgment it is infinitely better than the bill
you have substituted for it. I ask these Senators,
can you not concede something to a majority of
your fellows who have worked with you through
good report and through evil report? Suppose we
are a little wrong; suppose we are a little head-
strong; suppose we have got some crotchets in
our heads that you do not believe in; can you not
concede anything to two thirds of the old soldiers
who have borne the brunt of battle with you?
Mr. CLARIC. Permit me to interrupt the Sen-
ator a moment. 1 have heard considerable said by
the Senator from Ohio in regard to the vote of the
Republicans on theamendmentoffered by me. If
he will examine the yeas and nays, he will find
that fifteen Republicans voted one way, and fifteen
the other. Now, why cannot you concede as well
as we ?
Mr. WADE. I cannot understand how that
vote could have stood so.
Mr. CLARK. The record shows it.
Mr. WADE. I understood that the vote stood
17 to 24.
Mr. SUMNER. It stood 17 to 21.
Mr. WADE. And the Senator from Indiana
Mr. Wright] and the Senator from Missouri
Mr. Wilson] voted with us.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. That left you only fifteen
Republican votes.
Mr. WADE. Very well then; we had that
class of men from the slave States of whom I have
been speaking, men who want vigorous measures
adopted. These are the men that voted with the
earnest, up and down, through thick and thin Re-
publicans of this body. Sir, I honor them for it.
And whom did you join with?
Mr. J-J ENUEUSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, as my colleague is not in his seat,
that he voted against llie amendment upon the
ground, as he stated to me, that he was opposed
to both the bills, and did not desire that his name
should be found recorded in favor of either of
them, under any circumstances whatever. I deem
it but just to him to state that fact in his absence.
Mr.' WADE. I do not believe you left him as
well a3 you found him. [Laughter.] But if he
voted with us, all honor to him, without regard
to his motives. There he stands. He who is not
against us, is for us. There is ourvote; and you
talk of your vote as being swelled up to that.
How long have you labored to make it so ? How
anxiously and unweariedly have you labored
upon this great issue to defeat your brethren not
only here but in the other House, where I under-
stand this bill was passed by about a two thirds
vole ? That is the voice of the people in the House
of Representatives, whose members represent the
will of their immediate constituents; and their
voice thus manifested on a subject like this is to
me the voice of God, and I wish we would respect
it. Would not that course consist most with the
harmony of the body? What do you contend
for in your bill that you stickle for, that is not in
our bill? Not a man of you can tell us. Not a
single man in the Senate during this whole debate
has risen to tell us what insuperable objection
there is in the House bill that does not apply to
your own. Can you be justified when you "go
it blind," and differ from the whole Republican
party ?
It is true 1 heard the Senator from New Hamp-
shire the other day, before the question was dis-
cussed—he has not said a word about it since—
declare with some considerable degree of spirit
that he never would vote for the House bill. Why
would he not vote for it ? C«uld he not turn away
the offspring of his own mind long enough to do
simple justice to another measure? Is he so wed-
ded to the workmanship of his own hands that
he cannot consider anything else? He did not
tell us the reason why he could not vote for it.
He did not tell us what objectionable clause there
is in the House bill which induces him to join
with his enemies instead of with us his friends.
Whv invoke the aid of your enemies to defeat
your own friends who have been with you the
whole session, participating with you in the glo-
rious history we have made; for never since the
Constitution was formed has there been a session
that will go down to posterity reflecting more
honoi,' upon Congress than will the doings of this
very session. No, sir; there is not a Congress that
has done one hundredth part as much for which
it will be remembered hereafter. Still, as I stated
at first, we are standing in peril of our enemies
watching and triumphing over every division that
may weaken us. This very debate to-day, ana
the vote defeating the bill of the House of Repie-
sentatives will ring through all the slave regions
of the South as with a perfect yell of triumph, like
a great victory. Sir, it is a victory for them; a
greater victory than though they captured your
army at Richmond, and they will view it so.
When you look at the southern papers and see
their response to your doings to-day, what will
you see ? When they behold how the Democracy
and a portion of the Republicans are joining
hands,withakind.ofvindictive fueling engc deie_d
by a division arising from no difference of princi-
ple, they will say, "let us hold out a little longer;
division is sown in the i anks of the Union; the old
flag that has been so formidable to us is now di-
vided against itself; in their attempts to put down
our treason the American Senate are divided; not
only are we supported by most of the bolder
States and all the Democratic members, but the
Republican members themselves are divided."
Sir, I regret that we have given them any such
cause of "triumph; there was no difference between
us that should have led to giving them such a
triumph.
Now, sir, between these measures, if I cannot
have the bill of the House which I want, I shall
go over to your measure, believing at the same
time that it is of little efficiency, and is made just
weak enough to attract the opposition. I regret
it. I wish we could have a more vigorous meas-
ure. But, Mr. President, I have detained the Sen-
ate longer than I intended. No man regrets this
division more than I do; no man will go further
to heal it than I will. You have beaten me on one
principle, you have beaten me on another, both
by your joining with your enemies and mine; if
you beat me again, still, as long as your measure
has one scintilla of truth and justice in it, I will
be with you on the final vote; but I shall be dis-
satisfied, as my constituents will be. They will
regret that it is not more efficient, and they will
regret this division s"o manifest in the Republican
party.
Mr. CARLILE and Mr. FESSENDEN ad-
dressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. , The Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will yield me the floor.
Mr. CAPiLILE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This seems to be, in the
present aspect of it, rather a family quarrel, and
therefore I thought I might appeal to the honor-
able Senator from Virginia to give me the floor for
a few minutes. I am very sorry, sir, that I feel
compelled, by what has fallen from the Senator
from Ohio, to do what I had resolved not to do,
and that is take a part in this discussion before
we come to a final vote. The Senator is well
aware that I have taken no part in it heretofore,
and my reason has been that I thought my filial
vote would very well show my opinions in rela-
tion to the subject. I have been excessively oc-
cupied with other matters, and I knew, from the
ability of Senators all about me, that the question
would be so thoroughly and ably discussed that
I could add nothing whatever to the discussion.
I felt, therefore, at liberty to refrain entirely from
entering into the debate, being fully occupied with
matters pressing upon my attention, and to leave
it to my vote to show what my opinion was in
relation to it. But, sir, that I find is not enough.
