60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Pike, Potter, Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sher-
man, Sloan, Bpauldin?, Stevens, Train, Tj owliridge, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E.
P.Walton, Washbume, Wheeler, Alberts. White, Wilson,
and Worcester—64.
So the resolution was Jaid on the table.
- While the roll was being called,
Mr. McKNIGHT said: If I can have the op-
portunity of makingasinglc explanation, I wouid
like to vote upon this question.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during the
roll-call. joseeii p. moore.
Mr. WEBSTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Joseph P. Moore;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
IIAYTI AND LIBERIA.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of the following res-
olution,introduced by Mr. Lovejoy, and laid over
•under the rule; upon which Mr. Vallandigham
was entitled to the floor:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill establishing diplomatic relations
between tiio Government of the United States and the Gov-
ernments of Hayti and Liberia.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The statement of
my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] who is a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, that the subject of
this resolution is already under consideration in
that committee, is a sufficient reason why this
resolution ought not to be adopted, and also a
good reason why debate upon it ought not at this
time to be indulged in. For this reason, and in-,
asmuch as when the report of the committee is
made I presume the whole subject will be opened
for debate in such a manner as will indicate the
purpose of the committee in regard to it, I have
not risen for the purpose of discussing the reso-
lution, but I will say that I am one of the number
who are opposed to the introduction of negro em-
bassadors into this capital. I now move that the
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I hope my colleague will withdraw
the motion, to enable me to move to amend the
resolution.
Mr. "VALLANDIGHAM, I will withdraw it
for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I will move to amend the reso-
lution, so as to make it direct the committee to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill,
instead of instructing us to report it.
One word, Mr. Speaker, and only one word,
upon this subject. As I stated a while ago, when
this subject was first before the House this morn-
ing, the question has already been referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and they intend
to give it a thorough, complete, and fair examin-
ation; and when it has been referred to them for
examination, I do not sec the necessity of taking
away from them all discretion in reference to the
matter, especially when they will have all the
facilities of the State Department to assist them
in their investigation.
I dislike, too, particularly, to sec so many of
these resolutions of this kind instructing commit-
tees as to what they shall report; instructing them
as to their duty before they can have had an op-
portunity to inquire into the subject-matter at all.
1 introduced a resolution yesterday instructing
the Committee of Ways and Means to report a
tax bill of a certain character; but I saw at once
the impropriety of such a course, and I modified
the resolution, so as to make it inquire into the
expediency of the measure.
I do not see much in this resolution, any way,
except that it brings in again this pestiferous ne-
gro question. Nine out often of the resolutions
which are introduced into the House involve noth-
ing else. Mr. Speaker, I think that the people of
the United States expect this House of Repre-
sentatives to devote a little time to the interests of
the white race of this country. At any rate, this
whole subject is before the committee, and they
will give it full attention.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Inasmuch as an
amendment has been offered to the resolution,
instead of renewing the motion to lay it on the
table I will demand the previous question on its
adoption.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
ALLOTMENT CERTIFICATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide for allotment
certificates among the volunteer forces; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
The bill was then read in extenso.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, this
is a very necessary measure to be passed by Con-
gress at once. At the last session of Congress
we adopted the allotment system, and referred its
execution to the discretion of the War Depart-
ment. We find that they have not carried out
the law, and therefore that this additional legis-
lation is necessary. I ask that the bill be read a
third time and passed.
Mr. FENTON. Has that bill been considered
by the Committee on Military Affairs at this ses-
sion?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It has not.
Mr. FENTON. I ask then that the bill be al-
lowed to lie over for a day or two, so that it may
be examined, or that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will have no ob-
jection to either course being pursued, if that be
the desire of the House. I think, however, that
the bill will strike every member as a just one.
Mr. FENTON. It may conflict with the action
of the State authorities on the same subject.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think it will con-
form to the action of the several State authorities.
• Mr. FENTON. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to inquire whether it
will conform with the action of the State authori-
ties.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the House desire
the bill to be referred to that committee, I have
no objection. But, sir, I think that it is a matter
of so much importance to our volunteer forces,
and its provisions are so easily understood, that
I do not myself see the necessity for postponing
action on the subject. I cannot conceive how it
can come into conflict with anything that has been
done in the same regard by the State authorities.
I understand/hat this bill, although it has not
been before tne House Committee on Military
Affairs, was adopted by the Senate committee at
the present session.
Mr. FENTON. I want the bill made to con-
form to the action of the State authoiities. I know
that the Governor of New York has appointed
commissioners, and sent them to this city to take
care of the interests of the volunteers from that
State. What the precise action of that State is, I
do not know. I think it well that the Committee
on Military Affairs should inquire into the sub-
ject.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The commissioners
appointed by the States will be the most likely
persons to iSe employed by the President of the
United States under this bill. Then they will
have authority to go into the Army for the pur-
pose of persuading the soldiers to permit their
families to take the benefit of this measure. It is
provided in the bill that these commissioners shall
not be paid anything out of the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. The State of Indiana has
also adopted a resolution accomplishing the same
purpose contemplated by this bill. The subject
is one of some interest to me; and I presume the
gentleman from Missouri will not object to let the
question lie over for consideration. I renew the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, of which the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] is chairman, if that motion
has been withdrawn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If that be the sense
of the House, I am satisfied.
The question was taken; and the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WESTERN LAKE AND ItlVEIt DEFENSES.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed, as members of the select committee on
the defenses and fortifications of the great lakes
and rivers, Messrs. Arkold of Illinois, Ashley
of Ohio, Noell of Missouri, Aldrich of Min-
nesota, Babbitt of Pennsylvania, Spaft.ding of
New Yoik, Granger of Michigan, Wheeler of
New York, and Potter of Wisconsin.
FliAN K T NOr X'RTVILEO E.
Mi. V ALLAN DIG-HAM. Mr. Speaker, a bill
is pending in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, which will be reached when
we go next into that committee, regulating the
franking privilege, and codifying and digesting all
the scattered laws on the subject, and I rise to ask
the attention of the House to that bill, (House
Bill, No. 92,) introduced July 31, 1861. A ma-
jority of the select committee raised by the House,
consisting of Mr. Charles F. Adams of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Kellogg of Illinois, and myself,
after examining the whole subject, reported to the
House at length. As it will comc up soon, is
an important measure, and much time has been
expended upon the report and the details of the
bill, it is well for members to examine it in ad-
vance, with a view that when it is reached on the
Calendar, action may be taken on it. As it is in
Committee of the Whole, of course it is not in
order now to consider it, and I rise simply for the
purpose of asking the attention of members to the
subject, as it is the first bill upon the Calendar.
Mr. COLFAX. Has it been printed?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It has.
Mr, COLFAX. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have under consideration
a bill to abolish the franking privilege, and they
think that they can devise a system which will
give to members the benefit they now receive
from the franking privilege, swell the postal rev-
enue, which is an important matter at this time,
and at the same time satisfy the public desire.
[Laughter.] Members seem surprised at that ;
but we are considering-whether those three things
cannot be done. We think that we can accom-
plish them, and that we will report probably
next week.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to embrace the present
opportunity to make an announcement to the
House, directed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. It has been the custom
heretofore, as old members know, to insert in the
post route bill at each session of Congress what-
ever post route may be recommended by any mem-
ber of Congress upon the petition of any of his
constituents.
The committee have unanimously decided, in
view of the condition of the Treasury and the
revenues of the Post Office Department, to adopt
a more stringent rule, in which I hope they will
be sustained by the House. They have resolved
that no new post route shall be put into the bill
unless the member of Congress, by written argu-
ment or speech before the committee, shall satisfy
them that it is absolutely necessary and indis-
pensable. They desire, if possible, by every
means, to prevent the postal expenses of the Gov-
ernment being enlarged by useless routes. Very
many, we know, that have been established are
not necessary, and that very many, too, cost
more than the receipts. Therefore, gentlemen
who have new post routes to propose will be
expected, before those routes are embraced in the
post route bill, to appear before the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and show that
they are necessary.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The report, to
which I have referred, was not printed at this Con-
gress. It is report No. 1, second session, Thirty-
Sixth Congress, and made December 6, 18G0. It
can easily be procured at the House Document
Room, inasmuch as extra copies were printed by
order of the House.
I will add one word in regard to the notice of
the gentleman from Indiana, the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
expressive of the hope that that committee, as
soon as it is ready, will report their bill in regard
to franking, so that it may also become the sub-
ject of examination. I am extremely gratified , 1
take occasion to say, to observe that the report of
( the Postmaster General, for the first lime in five
j or six years, omits all absurdities in regard to the
;j flanking privilege, and I say tins without mean-
■' ingany disrespect to the gentleman from Indiana.
! There is no recommendation for the abolition of
I franking, and I commend the sagacity and good
: sense of the Postmaster General on that subject.
; Mr. COLFAX. I am very glad that the gen-
! tlcman finds anything in the Administration to
I commend.
! Air. VALLANDIGHAM. I shall lie very glad
j to get a chance to support this Administration
i whenever I can do it with a clear conscience,
i [Laughter.]
