1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to put an in-
quiry to the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Officc and Post Roads. It is in relation to
a matter of interest to us all. I would like to
know the cause of the delay in the delivery of the
mail matter of members? Cannot the committee
devise some expedient by which we shall get our
mails more promptly? I am certain the fault is
not in the post office of the House; but the fault
is somewhere, of which fact every member is
satisfied.
Mr. COLFAX. With the consent of the House
I will answer the gentleman from Illinois. The
delay in the delivery of our mail matter is caused
to a great extent—as members mast know—by
the great influx of mail matter into the post office
of this city. The letters to the soldiers, as well
as transient papers, overwhelm the office here,
while, at the same time, it swells its revenue.
Heretofore the Government has derived but little
revenue from the post office of this city—the re-
ceipts, because of the large amount of free mat-
ter, having paid only the cost of handling the post
office matter that went through it. During the
last quarter the receipts have run up to $50,000,
a gratifying increase of receipts for this office;
but, at the same time, it has caused great delay in
the transmission of the mails to members of Con-
gress.
The Postmaster General has ordered an addi-
tional amount of room in the Post Office building
to be placed at the disposal of the city postmaster.
That will be a relief, for now the clerks swarm the
room now occupied as thick as bees in a hive.
Our mails are delayed for three hours or more,
and the transient mails cannot be delivered the
same day they are received. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Blake] yesterday introduced a bill,
which has been referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, for the establishment
of a post office at the Capitol. We have now a
branch post office here; but the object of that bill
is to establish an independent office, and call it
the " Congress post office," to which paper and
letter bags shall be sent directly from the offices
throughout the country, and of which the post-
master of the House, for the time being, shall be
the postmaster, without additional compensation
beyond his salary as postmaster of the House.
He is to receive the mail directly from the cars,
bring it here, sort it, deliver the Senate portion to
them, and transmit our portion to us speedily by
messengers. There arc objections raised by the
city postmaster to this being an independent office.
I wish to give him due credit for the energy and
zeal with which he has performed the laborious
duties of his office during the last summer. He
has exhibited a marked talent for his position;
but no mortal man can, under the present circum-
stances, promptly furnish to Congress its mails.
If the arrangement to which i have referred should
be carried out—and I may say that the Post Office
Committee have already informally considered
it—the mails of members will be received at six
o'clock and ten minutes at the cars, brought up
here at a little past seven o'clock,and be distrib-
uted through the city before most of the members
have risen from their beds. Besides that, instead
of the mail being closed at throe o'clock here, for
the five o'clock mail, the mail will be kept open
here until four and a quarter or four and a half
o'clock, because it will be small comparatively,
and can be quickly made up and delivered at the
cars.
There would be this difference between the
branch office we now have and an independent
office. Now the greater part of the free matter is
franked at the committee rooms of the Capitol; it
is then hauled down to the city post office and ex-
amined there, and thence hauled to the cars. If
our office were an independent one, this matter
would be in charge of the postmaster of the House;
would be bagged here, and taken directly to the
cars. The employe's would probably be the same
as now; forinsteadof increasing the number of em-
ployes in the city office for the purpose of hand
ling over our matter, the employes would We here
in the Capitol, and they would be under the con- |
trol of the Postmaster General and the Committee ;
on Accounts of the House. _ I
This is what is suggested; and I am glad this .
opportunity has occurred to enable me to explain, |
in outline, what the Committee on the Post Office |
and Post Roads have been thinking about in rcf- i
erence to the transmission of the mails to the mem-
bers. We have had for years a quasi post office
in each end of the Capitol; but the necessities of
the present time have compelled us to look in the
face the insufficiency of these accommodations,
and have suggested the necessity of having an in-
dependent office here, just as they have at George-
town ,to which our matter will come directly, with-
out passing through any other office.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand the gentleman
to say that the only objection to the plan comes
from the postmaster of the city.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand he prefers that
this should be a branch office only.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would inquire whether the
views and notions of the postmaster of the city of
Washington should be paramount to the views
and opinions of the members of the House and
Senate?
Mr. COLFAX. In the view of the committee,
they should not. Pie made one objection in which
there is a great deal of force, but which—though
I cannot speak from authority—will be obviated
by this bill. He suggested that if an independent
office were established here, it would be used by
all east Washington for the transmission of their
mail matter, and that, after a while, this post office
would be overwhelmed with business, as the city
post office is now. I suppose the bill will guard
against that by making the office one for the ac-
commodation of the two branches of Congress,
its employes, and the public press, and that the
citizens of Washington should still use the city
post office as they now do.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
make a single inquiry of the gentleman from In-
diana. 1 found, upon taking my seat on this floor,
that I had a great number of applications to frank
the letters of soldiers, and others, who wished to
correspond with their friends in different parts of
the country. Upon examination of the statute I
have found no authority vested in the members of
this House to do that tiling; but I know that the
chaiiman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads has considered that rratter very ma-
turely, and very thoughtfully, ancri beg leave to
ask him whether I was right in my construction
of the statute.
Mr. COLFAX. Unquestionably, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was right. The law is
positive that members shall not frank letters un-
less written by themselves, or on their order; and
there is a fine of ten dollars for a violation of that
law. But 1 will state that while the law remained
as it was previous to the called session in July,
requiring the prepaymentof postage, it was found
that many soldiers were unable to obtain stamps,
and the Post Office Department winked at the vi-
olation of the law in their behalf. They felt that
it was important to keep open the channels of cor-
respondence between the volunteersand their fam-
ilies at home. But at the last session of Congress
I had the honor of introducing a bill, which passed
into a law, providing that soldiers might be re-
lieved from the necessity of prepaying the postage
on their letters, and that upon conforming to cer-
tain requirements their letters might be sent with-
out such prepayment, and that the postage should
be collected at the point of destination. I have
the satisfaction of stating to this House that that
law has worked admirably, and that no dissatis-
faction has been expressed by the armies of the
Union away from the Potomac. Here, where the
army had been in the habit of having their letters
franked, they desired the continuance of the same
privilege; but everywhere else it was felt by the
Army to be a great relief, for every man who could
get a piece of paper and a pencil, and a drum-head
for a table, felt that he could write to las wife and
family without the prepayment of postage.
f w'ould state further, that the Secretary of the
Navy, I am very glad to say, upon a suggestion _
that I had the honor to make to him, has adopted ;
some provision of the same character for the ben- '
efit of sailors. I regret to say that I omitted, in
the law of the last session, to include sailors, and
that many in our fleets have been depiived of the
piivilege of writing home from an inability to ;
procuie stamps. I shall have occasion to ask this ,
House to extend the privilege of the law of last
session to persons in the Navy, for I think it right.
Mr WASHBURNE. I now offer the follow- |
ing resolution: i
Resolved. That the Committee on Post Offices and Post !
Roads be instructed to bring in a bill to establish a post
office in the Capitol. ' '
The resolution was agreed to; ; , -
TJNITEB STATES COURTS- . i ,
Mr. LOOMIS, by unanimous, consent, intra*-
dueed a bill in addition to " A# act to, establish
the judicial courts of the United States;" whick
was read a first and second time; aftd, referred !io
the Committee on the Judiciary. - ' * "* /r',"
NEW JAIL IN WASHINGTON. . \
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, .in*-
troduced a bill for the erection of a new jail ia
the county of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to state in this
connection that this bill was introduced into the
House during the Thirty-Fifth Congress. I make
the statement because I see that the impression
has gone abroad that though the jail in this city
is a great nuisance, it has never attracted the at-
tention of the House. I take this occasion to
correct that impression.
The bill was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
ASSISTANT PAYMASTERS, ETC.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I was informed
at the office of the Adjutant General the other day
that there is no provision in the law of the last
session under which, if they get incompetent ad-
ditional paymasters, assistant commissaries, or
assistant quartermasters, of whom a large num-
ber have had to be appointed, they can be got'rid
of. There is a provision under which volunteer
officers are examined, and if incompetent, dis-
missed the service, but there is no such provision
in relation to the officers I have named. I there-
fore offer the following resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs in-
quire into the expediency of providing for an examination
of additional paymasters, assistant quartermasters, and as-
sistant commissaries of volunteers, similar to that now pro-
vided by law for the examination of volunteer officers tviieri
charges of lack of qualification may be made by any com-
manding general against them, to'the end that whenever
such charges may be sustained they may be dismissed from
the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do-not object to the intro-
duction of the resolution, because its adoption is
very proper; butthereis another subjectto which
I desire to call the attention of the ftouse in the
same connection, and that is as to the authority
under which paymasters have been appointed. I
understand that the House, at its last session, in
passing a bill increasingourvolunteerforce,made
no provision at all for the increase of the number
of paymasters in the Army; and that these pay-
masters, if appointed in accordance with any law
at all, have been appointed under the act of 1847,
which contemplated no such increase as the num-
ber who have been appointed. A very large num-
ber of paymasters have been appointed beyond
what was necessary; and many,if notallof them,
have been appointed withoutany authority oflaw.
I move to amend the resolution by instructing the
committee also to inquire into the authority of (he
War Department to appoint assistant paymasters
of the Army.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope my colleague will al-
low my resolution to pass by itself. I shall then
have no objection to his offering his resolution of
inquiry; but I prefer that it shall not be attached
to mine.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on my
amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I will now state to my col-
league, though I am not authorized to say so by
anybody officially, that after the bill had passed
increasing the volunteer force to five hundred thou-
sand, the Paymaster General stated that he would
need an additional paymaster for every two regi-
ments It has since been found that an additional
paymaster for every four regiments will probably
suffice. I think my colleague will concede that,
whether there is any law for it or not, we ought
I to have a sufficient force of paymasters in tho
I field to pay the troops under arms. Idonotknow
| but that the House has already passed a resolu-
' tion on the subject, but certainly it is the duty of
the War Department to appoint paymasters suf-
: ficient to pay the troops we have authorized, and
; not to letthem go unpaid because there is not force
! enough to pay them.
The resolution was agreed to.
