1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2048
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that it shall be recommitted to
the committee, witli instructions that it shall not
be reported back until the next session, during the
cold weather. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX*. I adopt the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky; and with a view to make
my motion in order, 1 move that the subject be
recommitted to the committee, with the instruc-
tion that it be reported back at the next session
on the very last day.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Speaker, my view in refer-
ence to the power of the General Government over
slavery has always been that it was at best ex-
tremely limited; that it had but little to do with
the question; and because it had but little author-
ity over it there was but little responsibility rest-
ing on the country in regard to it. Congress had
control over it in the District of Columbia, as hav-
ing supreme governing power, and for that rea-
son I was in favor of the exercise of that power
to the .exclusion of slavery from the District of
Columbia. I thought, and still think, that when
that was done all the power that the Constitution
gave Congress over the question of slavery was
exhausted. But, sir, if it was not, if there are
other places where Congress has a right to abol-
ish it, I want it to be exercised. I want Congress
to exhaust the last power it has over this institu-
tion whenever and wherever it can be done; and
whenever a bill is framed so as to reach the insti-
tution of slavery where Congress is responsible
for it, and to wipe it out, I will ask that it be
adopted.
Sir, I am actuated in that by a desire to estab-
lish peace and security, and to maintain the Con-
stitution, rather than impair it. I said to the gen-
tlemen who were opposing the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia, in reference to their
objections, that they were mistaken in their op-
position; that when that law should be passed,
the public mind would be quieted, and that those
men who were discontented bccause they knew
that slavery could be abolished here, would be
content when they saw Congress had done all it
could in that regard. ]f they see that there is
another spot where Congress can touch it, let us
look at the matter, and let us put an end to it for-
ever. Let us leave it where it was placed by our
fathers—let us leave it with the States alone. My
doctrine was the doctrine of the Republican party.
The corner-stone on which the party was founded
and built up, was that Congress had no right or
control over this question; that the Constitution
recognized slavery nowhere; that slavery existed
simply and purely as a State institution, but that
it owed its existence everywhere to State law; that
when Congress acquired supremacy over any ter-
ritory whatever, by virtue of the acquisition sla-
very did not go there under the Constitution, as
was contended by the Calhoun men; that the
Constitution did not carry slavery anywhere that
the local law fixed it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. With, the gentleman's
"permission, I will read the decision of Justice
Story on this right of slavery.
Mr. DIVEN. I would rather the gentleman
would waive the matter until I have finished what
I have got to say.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want this decision of
Justice Story to go out with your speech, in order
that it may be circulated and read in the North.
Justice Story was known everywhere as a jurist
and a gentleman of the highest principle and most
eminent talents. In the Supreme Court of the
United States he wielded great influence in the
early times of the Republic, and notagreat while
ago either. I propose to read his decision for the
benefit of those who deny the right of the owner
to have the fugitive slave process for the recovery
of his slave. I hope it will reach all of them:
" It is historically well known that the clause in the Con-
stitution of the United States rotating to pet sons owing ser-
vice and labor m one State escnpmgtoothcrState?, was to
secure to the citizens of the blaveholdmg States the com-
plete right and title of ownership in their slaves, as property,
m every State ill the Union into winch thev might escape
from the State where they were held m^eivitude. The full
recognition of this right and title was indispensable to the
secunty of this species of property in ail tlie slaveholding
Suites, and, indeed, was so vital to the pie <'ivationof their
domestic interests and institutions, that it cannot be doubted
that it is constituted a fundamental article, without the
adoption of winch the Union could not have been foimed.
Jts true design was to guard against the docttinos and prin-
ciples picvaiiingin thenon-slaveholding States, by prevent-
ing them from iiiteimeddhng with oi obstructing or abolish-
ing the rights of the owners of slaves."—Prigg vs. Com- '
monwealtk of Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 539.
" The owner of a fugitive slave has the same right to seize
and to take him in a State to which he has escaped or fled
that he had in the State from which he escaped; and it is
well known that this right to seize or'recapture is univer-
sally acknowledged in all the Uavcholding States. The
court have not the slightest hesitation in holding that under
and in virtue of the Constitution, the owner of the slave
is clothed with authority in every State of the Union to
seize and recapture his slave wherever he can do it without
any breach of the peace or illegal violence. In this sense,
and to this extent, this clause in the Constiution may prop-
erly be said to execute itself, and to require no aid from
legislation, State or national."—Ibid.
" The Constitution does not stop at a mere annunciation
of the rights of the owner to seize his absconding or fugitive
slave in the State to which he may have fted^ If it had
done so, it would have left the owner of the slave, in many
cases, utterly without any adequate rediess."—Ibid.
"The Constitution declares that the fugitive slave shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom service or
Jab«r may be due. It is exceedingly difficult, if not imprac-
ticable, to read this language and not to feel thatit contem-
plated some Anther remedial redress than that which might
be administered at the hand of the owner himself—c a claim'
is to be made."—Ibid.
"'A claim,' In a just judicial sense, is a demand of some
matter as of right made by one person upon another to do
or to forbear to do, some act or thing as a matter of duty.
Jt cannot well be doubted that the Constitution requires the
delivery of the fugitive 1 on the claim' of the master; and
the natutal infeience certainly is that the national Govern-
ment is clothed with the appiopuate authority and func-
tions to enforce it. The fundamental principle applicable
to all eases of this sort would seem to be, that where the
end is required the means are given; and where the duty
is enjoined the ability to perform it is contemplated to ex-
ist on the part of the functionaries to whom it is intiust-
ed."—Ibid.
"The clause relating to fugitive slaves is found in the
national Constitution, and not in that of any State. It might
well be deemed an unconstitutional exercise of the power
of interpretation to insist that the States are bound to pro-
vide means to carry into effect the duties of the national
Government, nowhere delegated or intrusted to them by the
Constitution. On the contrary, the natural, if not the ne-
cessaty, conclusion is that the national Government, in tlie
absence of all positive provisions to the contrary, is bound
through its own proper departments, legislative, executive,
or judiciary, as the case may require, to carry into effect
all the rights and duties imposed upon it by the Constitu-
tion."—Ibid.
'' A claim to a fugitive slave is a controversy in a case
( arising under the Constitution of the United States,' under
the express delegation of judicial power given by that in-
strument. Congress, then, may call that power into activity
for the very purpose of giving effect to the right; and if so,
then it may prescribe the mode and extent to which it shall
be applied, and how and under what circumstances the pro-
ceedings shall afford a complete protection and guarantee of
the right."—Ibid.
" The piovisions ofthe sections of the actof Congress of
12th ot February, 1793, on the subject of fugitive slaves, as
well as relative to fugitives from justice, cover both the
subjects; not because they exhaust the remedies which
maybe applied by Congress to enforce the rights, if the pro-
visions shall be found in practice not to attain the objects
of the Constitution; hut because they point out all the
modes of attaining those objects which Congress have as
yet deemed expedient and proper. If this is so, it would
seem, upon juot principles of constiuction, that the legis
lation ot Congress, if constitutional, must supersede all
State legislation upon the same subject, and, by necessary
implication, ptohibit it. For, if Congress have a constitu-
tional power to regulate a particular subject, and they do
actually regulate it in a given manner, and in a certain form,
it cannot be that the Slate Legislatures have a right to in-
terfere. Where Concress have an exclusive power over a
subject, it is not competent for State legislation to inter-
fere."—Ibid.
1,1 The clause in the Constitution of the United States,
relating to fugitives from labor manifestly contemplates the
existence of a positive, unqualified right on the part ofthe
owner of the slave, which no State law or regulation can
in any way qualify, regulate, control, or restrain. Any State
law or regulation which inteirupts, limits, delays, or post-
pones the rights of the owner to the immediate command
of his seiviees or labor, operates, pro tanto, a discharge of
the slave therefrom The question can never be, how much
is discharged from, but whether he is discharged from any,
by the natural or necessary operation of the State laws or
State regulations. The question is not one of quantity or
degree, but of withholding or controlling the incidents of a
positive light."—Ibid.
He was fool enough to believe that there was
property in slaves. I have read that for the ben-
efit of the country people.
Mr. DIVEN. I was familiar, as every member
here was familiar, with that decision. It has no
application, as I understand, to the question I am
now discussing, whici) is whether, by virtue of the
Constitution, slavery goes into territory acquired
by the Government, and over which the Govern-
ment has jurisdiction. That I have always de-
nied. And I have done more. I have denied that
there was any power in Congress to plant slavery
in the Territories, if they wanted to do it. My
doctrine is, Congress takes slavery nowhere; that
it cannot take it anywhere; that it is an institution
which has its life only with a State, us a domestic
institution established by a State under its reserved
right to establish its own domestic institutions.
If that doctrine had been the doctrine of the coun-
try, if it had been adhered to as it was established
by the early fathers of the Republic, and riot dis-
turbed as it was attempted to be disturbed in the
State of Kansas, and other localities^ where it was
wanted to make the Constitution an instrument
for the extension of this institution, this slavery
agitation would never have .arisen in the country.
It was the men who raised that doctrine that the
Constitution protected slavery, that under its pro-
tecting influence slavery went every where it went,
that it traveled with the jurisdiction of the Union'
itself—it was those men who wrought discord in
the country, and created those disturbances that
are now shaking the very foundations of the Re-
public. mind is firmly planted on it, and I
will insist that this Government has no right to
establish slavery anywhere. I -insist that, by
virtue of the Constitution, slavery now exists no-
where. It existed in the District of Columbia
before the District was taken from Virginia and
Maryland; before it came into the possession of
the Government slavery existed upon the terri-
tory out of which it was carved. It had this insti-
tution ingrafted on it when we took it, and we
took the terrritory with the institutions of those
States, and agreed to recognize their laws; and
this law has been, for that reason, recognized
down to this winter, when, in our wisdom,I think,
we have changed it. Now, sir, if I am right in
that doctrine, slavery exists nowhere under heaven
to-day, by virtue of our Constitution; there is no
slavery in any navy-yard; there is no slavery in
any ship; there is no slavery in any Territory in
this dominion by virtue of the Constitution of our
country. Why then talk of abolishing that which
has no existence?
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether it is not a fact, that slaves, persons held
to service by other persons, are employed in our
navy-yards, dock-yards, and arsenals, to the ex-
clusion of free laborers?
Mr. DIVEN. I have no knowledge upon that
subject. I only say if they are thus employed,
and if their masters permit them to go there, as
I understand the Constitution of mysountry and
the laws of the land, they are entitled to their
freedom as much so as if they were permitted to
go into the State of New York, and hired out
there. That is my doctrine.
Now, sir, I can see no occasion whatever for
this law; but I say in all frankness that if slavery
exists anywhere, I want to pass a law which
shall strike it out of existence. And if it is even
doubtful whether it exists or not, I will go for
a law which has that end, and no other end, in
view.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I would be pleased
to hear the gentleman from New York upon one
point. I understand the gentleman to say that by
the municipal law of Maryland and Virginia, sla-
very was ingrafted upon this District, and that
when the District came under the exclusive juris-
diction of Congress, the institution continued by
virtue of the operation of these local laws. I also
understand the gentleman to say that slavery can-
not exist, under the Constitution, in other places
of exclusive jurisdiction, as in our navy and dock-
yards. Now take, for example, the navy-yard at
Norfolk. By the local laws of Virginia, slavery
existed m whatever territory may be there in-
cluded in the jurisdiction of the Government. I
wish to know upon what principle slavery con-
tinues in this District by virtue of local laws,and
does not continue in other districts within the
same jurisdiction ?
Mr'. DIVEN. By the very terms of the cession
of this District by the respective States, it was
provided that all local laws should remain in force,
and that all the rights of citizens embraced within
the territory should be protected. Now, in the
first place, as to all places ceded for navy and
dock-yards, there should be 110 inhabitants residing
there. We do not want occupied lands for navy
and dock-yards. It is necessary that we should
have them under our entire control, and by the
terms ofthe cession entire control is given us over
everything. There is no municipal laws within
the navy-yards. Such grounds come under the
Navy regulations.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, their Secretary, informing the
