1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have no doubt they are good men—men qualified
for their positions, and men who earnestly dis-
charge the duties of their positions; and if they do
so we get more in value received for the amount
of money we pay them than we do from the same
amount of money paid to any other class of men
in the service. I know that a man who'has a fam-
ily to support—and preachers generally, as well
as other men,have—cannot possiblyupon $1,200
a year, living away from his family in the field,
"provide for his own necessities—ana he has many
of them to provide for—and out of that compen-
sation support his family besides. I think we had
better leave_ the compensation as it was fixed at
the last session.
Mr. RICE. I am not pertinacious in regard to
the amount of pay; but I wish to have it equal
among the chaplains of the regular Army and of
the volunteers. I wish them to receive the same
pay each, all alike. The amendment I have of-
fered slightly increases the pay of chaplains of
the regular service, and diminishes that of the
volunteer chaplains; makes it the same sum
throughout. Whether they are in the regular
service or the volunteers, or in the hospitals, the
pay is the same by this amendment. If it is
deemed too low, the Senate can raise it; but I
wish no discrimination to be made.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3], nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Mosrs. Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Divon, Doolittlo, Fe?senden, Grimes, Haiti*, Hendeison.
Howaid, Howe, Johnson, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, La-
tham, Pearcc, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice, Sheiman, Stark,
Sumner, Trumbull, Watlo, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Collamer, Foot,
Foster, Ilaiiun, McDougall, Nesmith, Ten Eyek, and Wil-
ley—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to insert immediately
after the amendment just adopted these words 
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatisnotinorder.
The Senate has just agreed to the amendment,
and it cannot now be amended. An amendment
to it will be in order when the bill shall have been
reported to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely want to propose that
when the chaplains shall be actually in the field
they shall be entitled to one ration per day; and
perhaps the Senate will agree to insert that with-
out objection. They may be placed where it may
be impossible for them to procure subsistence for
themselves; and I propose to give them one ration
per day when they arc in the field. It will amount
to $116 80 a year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These words may
be inserted .by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think anybody will object.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa if he will
insert the words ''in kind.5'
Mr. GRIMES. They ought to have one ration
when in the field. They may be in such a posi-
tion that it will be necessary to provide for them
in that way; but I do not adopt the suggestion of
the Senator from Oregon. I do not want to com-
pel them to take it in salt pork or junk. If the
Senator insists on that, I shall offer the amend-
ment in the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
now go into executive session, and I will state my
reason for it. There are some Senators about to
be absent, one going to the West; and I ask now
for action on the pending business in executive
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before we go into execu-
tive session, I desire to make a report from a com-
mittee of confluence.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yield for that purpose.
"VVESTJSKN MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disnsnoeins vote* of
tho two Uoiwjs on the amrnduienH to the joint lesoJution
(S No. 2-2) piovulinc <oi the pa\munt of the awauKof the
cotimu-sioii to investigate the militaiy claims m the dopait-
meiit of the Wo>l, having met. aftci full and free confei-
once havo nsjccd to lecoimnonrt. and do recommend, to
their iet-pcj"Tive Houses a-* follows:
Tnat tin- Senate agice to the amendment of the Flou>e
with an nt)fOndiut,nt.<a£5 (allows: '
(ri--u!t in Ik'U o] the woid^stiickon out by the HoiwMhe j
following
This resolution hhall apply only to claims and contracts i
foi service, labor, or materials, and for subsistence, cloth-
ing, transportation, arms, supplies, and the purchase, hire,
and construction of vessels.
JOHN SHERMAN,
DANIEL CLARK,
MILTON S. LATHAM,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
* JOHN A. BINGHAM,
JAMES F. WILSON,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
(No. 45) for the relief .of William H. Nobles.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 326) to fulfill treaty stipu-
lations with Hanover; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that tho Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
resolutions; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President.
A joint resolution (S. No. 46) declaratory of the
intent and meaning of a certain act therein named;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) in relation to
certain railroads in the State of Missouri.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 326) to fulfill treaty stipulations with Han-
over, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr.fMcDOUGALL, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 5, 1862.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H.Stockton.
The Journal ofyestei day was read and approved.
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER made the following appoint-
ments to fill vacancies on committees:
On the District of Columbia—Mr. Fkssenden, in
the place of Mr. Upton.
On the Pacific Railroad—Mr. Hall, in the place
of Mr. Cox.
On the Militia—Mr. Price, in the place of Mr.
Dunn.
On Expenditures in the State Department—Mr.
Price, in the place of Mr. Upton.
PURCHASE OF ARMS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of Wai, giving copies of the correspond-
ence in reference to the purchase of arms by Gen-
eral John C. Fremont, in response to reflations
of the House of Representatives of the 23d of
December, 1861; which was referred to the select
committee on Government contracts, and ordered
to be printed.
INCREASE OF CADETS.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to increase the number of cadets in the
Military Academy at West Point, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WILLIAM II. NOBLE.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the consent of the House to
icport from the Committee on Military Affairs
Senate joint resolution No. 45, for the relief of
William H. Noble; and I hope the House will
permit me to make a single remark m relation
to it.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, is the business regularly in order.
The gentleman, therefore, has the right to report
his bill, and is entitled to speak an hour on it if
hi1 desnes.
Mr. OLIN. I then report the joint resolution
from the Committee on Military Affairs
The j oint resolution was read. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to pay out of the balance
of appropriation for wagon roads .under his con-
trol $8,199 99, that being the amount reported by
him undet- the second section of the Army appro-
priation bill, approved March 2, 1861* to he due.
to William H. Noble, late superintendent of the
Fort Ridgeley and South Pass wagon road, i.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the attention of the House
for a single moment to this joint resolution, unan-
imously passed by the Senate, and now reported
for the consideration of the House. A brief state-
ment of the facts connected with it will en&btethe
House to act understanding^ -upon it, and will
show, I think, why they should act at this time*
In 1856, by act of Congress, $50,000 was appro-
priated for the construction of what was know* as
theFortRidgeleyand South Pass wagon road; and
William H. Noble was appointed by the Admin-
istration the superintendent of that work. This
is one of the works, and one of the few public
works, that had been ordered to be constructed
near the northern frontier, to facilitate communi-
cation with the Pacific coast. Floyd was then
Secretary of War, and that Department had charge
of the work. Mr. Noble, having been appointed
superintendent, entered upon the discharge of his
duty; and it is sufficient to say that every possi-
ble embarrassment was thrown in the way of the
superintendent to prevent the construction of the
road. What were the motives that induced the
Secretary of War so to act in that matter, his sub-
sequent history probably has convinced the peo-
ple of the country. Instead of furnishing the
funds that were appropriated by the Government
for the construction of the road, he was, without
means, ordered to proceed with the work, and he
purchased a large amount of supplies upon his
own credit. He prosecuted the work for some
time, until he was finally superseded without any
adjustment of his accounts for salary or his claims
for money. He was left in that condition, and
was prosecuted by the Government.
By act of March 2, 1861, the Secretary of the
Interior was authorized to examine and adjust his
claims against the Government, and to report to
Congress thereon the amount found to be actually
due him.
The amount claimed by him reached the sum
of $15,000, including his salary and the expenses
incurred by him. The Secretary of the Interior
caused the proper examination to be made, and I
have his report before me. He seems to have ex-
amined the matter with groat care, and, in pursu-
ance of the act of March last, has reported the
sum named in the joint resolution as due him.
The Senate,as I have stated, has passed a joint
resolution appropriating the amount so audited.
I believe the claim is eminently just and proper;
and any gentleman who will examine the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, as well as the re-
port of the committee in the Senate who have
examined that claim, will concur with me in that
opinion.
One other consideration why action should be
had at this time upon the joint resolution. Mr.
Noble is nowin the service of the country at Port
Royal. All his means, and more than his means,
have been exhausted by using his crcdit in his
efforts to prosecute this work, and he and his fam-
ily are now in a destitute condition. I hope, there-
fore, that this measuie will receive the prompt and
cordial assent of the House at this time. I move,
therefore, that the joint resolution be put on its
passage, and call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UTAH CAPITOL.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported adversely upon the resolution
sent to them by the House, instructing them to
inquire into the propriety of making an appropri-
ation for the completion of the territorial capitol
o£ Utah.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed
