1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3003
I have had the misfortune to differ in my opinions
with the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Illinois, with whom, permit me to say, I am al-
ways exceedingly sorry to bo obliged to differ,
especially upon a matter which is deemed of
vital importance, as this is. But, sir, I must be
allowed, in the exerciseof my judgment, to differ
with them, high as their authority is, and to ex-
press my own opinion by my own vote; and I
deem it hard that for having done so I am de-
nounced substantially as having gone off from
what are called the true, straight forward, out and
out Republicans, for that is the language of the
honorable Senator from Ohio. Virtue, it seems,
dwells with him and those who think with him,
and all who have the temerity to differ with them
have departed from the line of virtue and truth,
and can no longer be reckoned among the faithful.
Sir, it is a misfortune. If we could have a reve-
lation from Infinite Wisdom, to which we all bow
submissively, announcing that His authority was
delegated to the Senator from Ohio, that He had
made that Senator His vicegerent on earth to pro-
claim what truth and justice and righteousness
are, I should receive the decree with unquestion-
ing faith and profound humility; but so long as
no such revelation has been made by Him, so
long as we have no other evidence of such a dele-
gation of authority than the assumption of the
Senator from Ohio himself, I must be allowed to
exercise my own judgment still, especially upon
measures of such great importance, upon which I
am called to vote under the sanctions of an oath.
I cannot be told that all righteousness dwells in
any member or any set of members of this body;
anu because I have the misfortune to differ from
tliem, therefore 1 am not true and honest, and not
disposed to do my duty as much as they are.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me,
once and for all, I am perfectly willing that he
should make an image of his own to controvert,
hilt I have said no such thing as that he is not
honest, and nothing of the kind can be inferred
from what I did say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatorismistaken.
The Senator cannot be aware of the force of his
own language when he says that. Whatever he
may think, whatever he may feel, the speech that
he has made to-day, if it goes out to the country,
goes out as a direct, positive imputation upon the
integrity of those who have not voted with him.
No one who heard can doubt that that is the effect,
although I should be very happy to believe that
that was (lot the design.
Now, sir, what has been the course of proceed-
ing in relation to this matter? I feel bound to
speak of the history of this very measure, for I
have had something to do with it. I remarked
before that I had nothing to do with it in this Cham-
ber; but I have had something to do with it out
of this Chamber; and what has been done out of
this Chamber in relation to the matter has been
alluded to before. Sir, when the Senate bill was
brought into the Senate, when it was here before
us, the original bill of which the Senator spoke,
he knows well that more than once, time after
time, gentlemen strongly in favor of it were warned
that there were provisions in that bill which gen-
tlemen acting with them could not sustain, that
their views of the unconstitutionality of its pro-
visions were such that they could not sustain it;
and what was the appeal made to them? The ap-
peal made to them was, " appoint a committee of
our friends, and let it be examined, let the obnox-
ious features be modified, put it in such a condi-
tion out of this Chamber that we can all vote for
it, do not carry it into the Chamber to make a
wrangle and a disturbance between friends of the
same creed; let us consider it aside by ourselves,
and reconcile our jarring opinions." That was
the appeal made. It was rejected over and over
again, and it was insisted that it should come into
this Chamber, and that the matter should not be
settled out of it. Can any gentleman deny that
statement? Is there any man who hears me who
knows what took place, who can deny for a sin-
gle instant that that appeal was made over and
over again that we should not exhibit ourselves
here thus, and that it was forced on us that it
should come here, and that we should put ourselves
before the country, and more than one intimation
made that it should come here for the purpose of
putting us before the country and seeing if we
dared to vote against it? Can gentlemen deny
that? That is conciliation; that is accommoda-
tion to friends; that is a regard for constitutional
scruples! One would thinkthatthat would hardly
be the proper course to take under such circum-
stances, even if there was a small minority of a
party who, beingmen of truth and of integrity and
men of respectable standing in that party, said
" we have difficulties; the difficulties go beyond
mereforms; theygo toaquestionof constitutional
right; consider then, do not compel us to act
against you by obliging us to come to that point
exactly; see if it cannot bo modified." On a mere
point of detail, on a mere point of form, unques-
tionably the minority should yield to the- major-
ity; but when you come to a question which in-
volves a man's view of what is his obligation
under the oath he has taken, no majoiity that ever
existed on the face of the earth has a right to say
"you shall yield to the majority."
No concession was made. The original meas-
ure was insisted upon. What was the result? As
I have said before in this place, the result was
what I anticipated. Men cannot be compelled to
yield their views of the Constitution. 1 am not
speaking of my own; I am speaking of those of
other men. The result was that the trial failed,
and when it failed, what did it come to? It came
somewhere near the point that should have been
come to in the first place. A select committee of
this body was appointed to examine all the bills,
and report something that might be a compromise.
The selection was made by the Chair; the com-
mittee had a majority of what were called the
friends of a stringent confiscation bill upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It had. That question
has arisen once before, and I have appealed to the
record and proved that a majority of the commit-
tee were admitted to be so. The Senator from
Illinois was offered a place on that committee, and
he refused it for his own reasons. The compro-
mise bill came into this body, and what does the
vote to-day show? ] ask the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who was a member
of that committee, and the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who was a mem-
ber of that committee, and who agreed to that re-
port 
Mr. TRUMBULL. His colleague stated here
to-day, by authority, that, if he were present, he
would vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of
what he would do to-day; but I say he was a
member of that committee, and agreed to that re-
port. Take these two who "have chosen to vote
for the House bill for their own reasons, and add
them to the fifteen gentlemen on this side who
voted ag'ainst the House bill, and it makes a ma-
jority's^ the Republicans on this floor; it makes
seventeen of the Republican members opposed to
the House bill. And yet the Senator from Illi-
nois talks abontthe few Republicans who join with
the enemies of all confiscation; and the Senator
from Ohio about those Republicans—not, it seems,
straight and true, out and out Republicans—who
are joining with the enemies of confiscation to de-
feat the friends of the country -par excellence!
Mr. WADE. That is your own language, not
mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take what was the mani-
fest inference and impression upon the nund of
every man who heard the Senator from Ohio, if it
was not his language. I will give a little account
of this thing. I say, take the two gentlemen who
promised to support the compromise bill by their
votes, and who reported it, and add them to the
fifteen votes to-day and it makes a majority of Re-
publicans of this body in favor of it. What are
the gentlemen talking about? The Senate bill was
reported from the select committee. These gen-
tlemen had been pressing action, pressing a vote,
determined to have it, to bring us to a vote, and
what did they do? When they found that the re-
port of the committee thus agreed upon, a com-
promise thus calculated to heal all difficulties, was
likely to be adopted, the next thing was to put it
over and keep it out of the way, and the Senator
from Massachusetts avowed that to be his wish,
until the House of Representatives acted. Who
was factious? Who was disposed to control?
Mr. WADE. I think the gentleman is under
a great mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. The Senator
will riot deny it.
Mr. WADE: I thought the Senator himself
crowded it out for his tax bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did I crowd it out? Did
I not allow it to go on and on and on ? Had I not
before given notice that the tax bill must be taken
up ? Did I not allow all the time which gentlemen-
asked ? I came to the time when the Senator from
Massachusetts, the great leader on this subject,
avowed that he no longer wished for.it, and I
would no longer delay the important business of
the country intrusted to me. That was the desire,
and a large majority voted for it.
Mr. WADE. I am not blaming the Senator for
pressing his tax bill, but he says we delayed this
bill factiously when he himself crowded us out
from considering it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator knows better
than that. He knows that his own friends, when
they found that they would be beaten, desired, and
avowed their desiie, to have it go over until the
House of Representatives acted. They avowed
it publicly here upon this floor. It was not for
me, under Such circumstances, to delay longer the
important interestscommitted to my hands. Then
what is the next step? The other House passes
a bill which is satisfactory to the Senators, though
not so satisfactory as the other. It comes in here
and they are willing to take it up; and now, for-
sooth, because we will not yield at once ourassent
to that bill which they waited for and which suits
their views, but prefer to vote for the proposition
reported by the select committee of the Senate, and
which presents a fair test, what do gentlemen do?
Con test it through and through and through again,
and not satisfied with that, with all the regard they
have for their friends, and all the wish they have
to keep the Republican party together, they tell
us, substantially, " take this or you get nothing
so far as we are concerned; and if you do not take
it you are a few members of the Republican party
who are uniting with the enemies of the country,
or with the enemies of all confiscation, to defeat
the true out and out Republicans!" Are not we
fifteen as good as you fifteen any day in the week ?
Mr. WADE. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You think not?
Mr. WADE. Not on this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely the
thing; we get at the bottom of the Senator's heart;
he thinks, and he says he thinks that we are right
so long as we follow him; but the moment we
choose to follow our own views, we are wrong,
and we are to be denounced before the country as
he has denounced us to-day.
Now, sir, the view which I was trying to take
of this matter was an entirely different one. I
have not quarreled with gentlemen; I have found
no fault with their views upon this subject. They
arc at liberty to entertain them. I have expressed
no opinion with reference to their views; I have
merely indicated by my vote that I cannot agree
with them. Now, what is the objection which
some of us make to this bill coming from the
House of Representatives? It is the same that
was made before. I am not arguing that it is right.
I am not arguing that those who make the objec-
tion are right in the view they take of it. I am
merely stating what the fact is. My friend from
New Hampshire has avowed that he thinks the
bill is not founded on constitutional principles, and
he cannot vote for it. What is the answer? The
answer is "can you not come over to your friends,
the true straight-out Republicans, and support the
bill of the House?" Why may we not as well say
"can you not come over to your friends, the true
straight-out Republicans, and support the com-
promise bill of the Senate which we agreed uponf
Does the Senator from Ohio claim to be a truer or
a better or a more straight-out Republican than
my friend from New Hampshire? If he does, he
will allow me to say with all respect that he
claims for himself what the country will not be
ready to concede to him. The country will con-
cede that lie is as good a Republican as can bo
made, and I think it will concede the same to my
fnend from New Hampshire.
Mr. President, the Senator has talked about the
spirit which has been manifested. I have not
lilted the spirit that has been manifested by some
gentlemen on this floor toward those who are not
able to take the views of this measure which they
do. I am not afraid of my friend and colleague
who sits before me. We differ on this question.
I have not the slightest idea at this moment that
