8004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
he thinks he is a better Republican than I am, or
that he will ever intimate to any man of our con-
stituents that I am not as honest and as devoted
to the cause of the country according to my best
ability as he is; and God knows I think he is in
all respects quite as good, to say the least, as I
am upon all these points. But, sir, has it been so;
has that feeling been manifested by certain gen-
tlemen; has it not been one constant sneer, both
in public speech and in side remarks, with refer-
ence to those who have not voted for this House
bill, but have been for the bill of the committee ?
X ask gentlemen to answer for themselves. Has
there not been a constant imputation of motives,
or of a want of that sort of regard for the interests
of the country which should be manifested by gen-
tlemen who differ with them? Can the Senator
from Ohio plead " not guilty" to that?
Mr. WADE. lean.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, the Senator, I am
afraid, would be convicted if he were put on his
trial.
Mr. WADE. Where and when have I said
any such thing?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not repeat it, but
you may ask gentlemen all around this Chamber
who heard your remarks.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to ask gentlemen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, lot us go back a
little. L have seen no occasion for all tins trouble
—=-not the slightest in the world. I see no occasion
for the extreme heat that my friend from Ohio has
mautfi!Sted,andfor the fears that he has expressed.
I Tear ho disiuption of the Republican party on
tins question, or on any other. There will be
none unless he, and such as In;—and there are none
better—try to nnike it, f assure lam. There will
bo none unless gentlemen choose to carry out the
idea of trying to make the country believe they
are better than other men in relation to this thing,
ami tlmt men who happen to differ from them are
not quite us honest and true, and as devoted to the
interests of the country and to the suppression of
the rebellion and the puniahmentof rebels as they
arc.
Sir, it is natural that there should be a differ-
ence of opinion, perfectly natural.
This is a great, measure; it involves great con-
stitutional questions; it has excited the interest of
the country, largely excited the interest of the
country. Is it strange that gentlemen in consid-
ering questions of this impoitance should differ,
that they should come to entirely opposite con-
clusions in some particulars with reference to the
powers of Congress ' Not at all. What should
be the course pursued with regard to it? Perfect
liberality of feeling ami ail honest endeavor, if
possible, to reconcile jarring opinions and bring
us oil to the same point, to somecommon ground
on winch we could stand? 1 have had 110 dispo-
sition to oblige any man to rote for anything. I
do not wish to see a disposition manifested to
oblige11)0 to vote for anything that 1 cannot con-
scientiously vote for; but,at the same time, when
the vote is over, if 1 am in a minority it will be
what I have often been in before, and borne with-
out complaint; iuid if other gentlemen are in ami-
nority they must bear it too. If we have com-
mitted an error of judgment would it not be more
kind to leave the country to judge us withoutour
friends here: undertaking to do so? I can defend
my vote befoie my constituent* to my own satis-
faction if' they call oil me for a defense; and if I
d<> not. defend it. to their satisfaction the result is
that 1 am in their hands, and they must do what
seems good to them, if gentlemen have been so
excited on this matter as to wish, or express the
wish, that I or any gentleman who has acted
as 1 have, may be defeated by our constituents
and overthrown because we happen to differ with
them on this question, 1 trust that we shall meet,
at all events, ordinary justice.
Now, Mr. President, I hope that this matter
will be settled here. I see no disruption of the
Republican party. I fear none. We are engaged
in a great cause; we all have it deeply at heart;
none more so than the honorable Senator from
Ohio and the honorable Senator from Illinois,
none moie truly and moie justly and more hon*>
est!_y; but 1 claim to have'it at'heart too, and if
I differ with them upon an important point and
cannot see my way clear to vote as they do, am
I to be deprived of the common justice which is
dealt out to all men of its being believed that I
have good and sufficient reasons for it? Has
my conduct, or the conduct of the friends around
me, the honorable Senators from Vermont, for in-
stance, been such in connection with the public
affairs of this country in this great crisis, as to en-
title any man or any set of men to say, on account
of the position which they assume in regard to
this matter, that they are not as good as any other
men, and as true? I trust not. Then let me say
to my friends, and I hope we all stand in that re-
lation, judge us as we judge you. If we have not
your ardor and your zeal, it is a difference of tem-
perament. If we have not your sound judgment,
it is our misfortune, and the misfortune of our
constituents to be so represented, but if we have
honest intentions, and are true to the cause, and
act according to the best of our judgment, it is all
that can be demanded of anybody. It is the last
thing I would desire to do to feel the slightest
emotion oftriumph because I am in the majority
and my friends in the minority. I never felt it
m my life, and I never shall.
Mr. President, there is one thing to which my
honorable friend alluded in which Ientirely agree
with him, and if the Senate will pardon me for a
few moments, 1 will state it. I believe that all
this might have been saved. I never believed that
there was a necessity that Congress should act
upon this question. I believe m the entire power
of Congress. I believe in a constitutional over-
sight by Congress of the war and all that per-
tains to it, the President included, as my friend
docs; but in the conduct of the war, had it been
from the start the policy of the Administration to
conduct, it upon strict principles, upon the prin-
cipleson which we havebeen speaking, to go into
the country of the rebels, as we call them, as into
an enemy's country, and to avail itself of all the
powers under the Constitution which itpossessed,
until we interfered with it for the suppression of
the rebellion, much more might have been done
with reference to these great questions than has
been done. But, sir, I find no fault; that is to say,
I am not here to judge the executive department.
They are in the same discharge of a constitutional
duty that I am; they are sworn officers of the
Government; they have great responsibilities; and
I hope and trust that they administer their duty
with integrity and honor. Because they differ
with me or 1 with them, it is not for me to de-
nounce them either as incapable or as dishonest.
Ill some things I do differ with the Administra-
tion in its views in regard to the conduct of the
war; but it is not for me, therefore, to say that I
am right and that the Administration is wrong.
Sir, 1 iiave not the opportunity to judge upon that
matter that the President has, for the reason that
1 have other duties that are peculiar to me, and
ho has duties peculiar to himself. I may differ
with him. The first effect upon my own mind
of finding myself so differing would be to induce
me to reexamine my own judgment, and see if
probably I was not wrong. If 1 came to the con-
clusion that I was not, I should adhere to my opin-
ion; but I am not to make a stir about that matter;
the thing must all go on, and we must all go on
together. There is a great object to be accom-
plished. It cannot be accomplished by wrang-
ling. Weallhavean honest intention to putdown
this rebellion, punish the rebels, and bring back
this country to the condition m which it stood
before, as fast and as well as wo can. It is not
to be done by quarreling among ourselves as to
the mode. If we have any difference of opinion to
express, it must be expressed calinlyand coolly,
with the deliberation becoming Senators and men
who have the great interests of the country in their
keeping, and not as hot-headed partisans or boys.
That is my view of it. Had it been in my power
to conduct this war, I might have come nearer to
the piinciples and belief of my honorable friend
from Ohio; but it was not put upon me,and all I
can-do is to add my humble aid in the position in
which I have been placed, and to do the best I
can.
Enough upon that subject. Let us settle this
question, and let us settle it with the House of
Representatives. The members of the Iiouseand
the members of the Senate are friends. They are
looking to a common end; they aie conducting a
common war; they aie all interested in bringing
it to a successful termination. If wo differ, are we
enemies? If we have some differences of opinion
as to the mode and the best manner, must we there-
fore wrangle and quarrel? Not at all. I respect
the opinions of the House as expressed in their
bill; if we differ from them, let them respect the
opinions of the Senate as expressed in our bill; but
if they cannot yield and we cannot yield altogether,
let us come together as upon other bills, and see
if we cannot agree. There is no need of heat about
it. Of all others itisa subjecton which thereshould
be no excitement, and upon which we should de-
liberate calmly and coolly, and come to that con-
clusion which we can arrive at in the exercise of
the powers conferred upon us, and I trust that
conclusion will be satisfactory to tho country.
Sir,one word more and I have done. I believe
in the bill of the committee. Gentlemen have de-
nounced it; I differ with them. I think it is the
best bill of the two and the most effective; but I
am not going to stop and argue the matter and
say why I believe so. It has been argued before;
but while saying that I have all respect for my
honorable friends around me, and I concede to
them the same privilege of judgingfor themselves
that I claim for myself; and if they do not think
well of it as I do, I hope it will not follow that
they think the less of me because 1 happen to have
the misfortune to differ with them.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President •
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my colleague will
allow me now to correct a mistake which 1 un-
derstand was made just now while I was out of
the Chamber.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that the Senator
from Maine said that I concurred in the report of
the committee, and that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts did.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it to be so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator was misin-
formed. I desire simply to correct that statement.
I was on a special committee with the Senator
from Massachusetts, and we were known to have
definite opinions on the subject. Indeed I had so
far committed myself as to frame a bill substanti-
ally like the House bill now. When a proposition
was made by the Senator from New Hampshiie
to amend the substitute as framed by the Senator
from Vermont, we voted for our proposition, but
a majority of the committee were against us.
A majority of the committee were in favor of the
proposition of tho Senator from New Hampshire.
I voted against it m the only way in which I had
an opportunity of voting against it, and that was
by voting for an amendment which, if adopted,
would have superseded it. Afterwards I made no
objection to reporting the bill which the commit-
tee reported. I thought much better of it indeed
than many of my friends, but I never voted for it.
I never supported it; on the contrary, when the
House bill came here, I informed the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire that I preferred the House bill,
and would vote for it.
TheSenatorfrom Maine is misinformed. I have
always preferred the House bill. I think it is a
simple, effective measure; but at the same time I
do not think there is such a radical difference be-
tween the two measures that friends, Republicans,
should either quarrel with each othei or think hard
of each other. I am perfectly willing to vote for
either bill, although as the House bill is impera-
tive, and leaves loss discretionary power with the
President, I prefer theHouse bill to the Senate bill;
but I believe that if the President will infuse into
this war a little more of the activity and energy
that is necessary in order to carry it oil success-
fully, he can make the bill framed by the Senator
from New Hampshire even more effective than
the House bill. That is my conviction.
Mr. WADE. I dislike to ai£;ue this matter
over again; but my friend from Maine most as-
suredly mistook altogether tho spirit of wh.it I wag
saying, for he has replied to a fancy of his rather
than to anything f said or thought. He supposes
that I arraigned his motives, and that I accused
him of some sort of dishonesty in the course he
had taken. He does not say that 1 said any such
thing; hut he inferred itfrom the manner in'which
I spoke, or from something else. He is altogether
mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow mc
to remind him that he called on us to know why
wc did not come over to the true straight out and
out Republicans, and act with them.
Mr. WADE. I did say that the House bill was
more satisfactory to the straight-out,up and down,
