1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
EE VOLUTION ARY PENSIONS.
. Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 318)
to prohibit the allowance or payment of pensions
to children of the officers and soldiers in the war
of the Revolution; and asked that a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior be read.
The communication was read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, February 19, 1862.
Sir: My observation of the opeiation of the revolutionaiy
pension laws since my connection with the Interior Depart-
ment has satisfied me that it is the duty of Congress to In-
terpose to stop the dram now being constantly made upon
the Treasury under those laws. The revolutionary soldiers
who weie entitled to the gratitude as well as the bounty of
the country have nearly all passed away. Very few of the
widows of those soldiers, for whom Congress has made lib-
eial provision, lemain. A new class of claimants, however,
are now presenting themselves m considerable numbers,
who.se claim1?, when allowed, generally amount to a large
sum. These are the chikhen ot soldiers of the Revolution,
or of then widows, who, while living, never presented or
established any claim to a pension.
It has long been a mattei of controversy in the Execu-
tive Departments whether a pension could be claimed by
the children of a deceased revolutionary soldier, or of the
deceased widow of such a soldier, who never made a claim
to a pension while living. Hon. Levi Woodburv, while
Secretary of the Ticasury, questioned the right of the
clnldron to reecive a pension, but finally yielded a reluct-
ant consent to the payment, in deterenee to the opinion
of the honorable Sccretaiy of War, and the past practice
of the Depaument. Hon. Caleb Cushing, Attorney Gen-
eral, in a very elaborate opinion, dated tin; 19tb of Novem-
ber, 1856, (Opinions of Attorneys General, vol. 8, p. 198,)
examined the question, and decided that the laws did not
sustain the claim, but said the cironeous construction had
been too Ion? sanctioned by the practice of the Executive
Departments to be then abandoned.
The question was lefeired by my predecessor, Mr. Sec-
retary Thompson, to the late Attorney General, Hon. Jere-
miah S. Black, who, in an opinion of the 19th of Septem-
ber, 1857—a copy of which I herewith inclose—decided
that the right to a pension which was not asserted duiing
the lifetime of the person entitled to it, did not survive to
the chikhen, but did with the person who might have as-
set ted the claim. Upon tins opinion these chums were dis-
allowed during the le&idue of Secretary Thompson's official
term.
I i'elt constrained to adopt the same construction of the
law and to withhold my tciuetum from these claim*, and
should have continued to do so but for the action ot the
IIou>e ofilepiesentativeson the 8th ultimo, adopting a res-
olution referring back two claims ot that character to this
Department, upon the giound that they were already pro-
vided lor b\ law.
So deliberate an expression of the opinion of the House
ofltepi esentdtives ufthe effect of the law, and of the duty
of thi* Department, appeared to met® be such a legislative
inteipretatioti of the law as I was not at liberty to disre-
gard. 1 felt bound, theiefore, to direct the allowance ot the
claims thus icfcrred back to the Department bj the resolu-
tion alluded to. The same construction must of eoui>e be
given to the law in its application to all similai chum4'.
I cannot regaid these claims as possessing any merit
which should juitif) a libeial eonstiuction ot the law to
meet them. They are ba^ed upon no saeufices or sei-
vice* of the claimants, and were never pie«ented by the
persons whose services would have justified an appeal to
the Government. The piaeticeof piesenting them ha< be-
come a matter of speculation on the part of claim agents,
who, from their know ledge of the revolutionary anuj loll-,,
are enabled to ascertain the names of peisoti^ who might
have claimed a pension while living. With a dihgeneeand
industiy sharpened by cupidity, they hunt up the surviving
children and give them the mtorination that they aie enti-
tled to a pension. The claimants, thus infoimcd lorthefi^t
time of the existence of such a light, will readily agiee to
give a large piopoition of the money which may be recov-
ered if the claim shall be successfully piosecuted.
I have piesented this statement for the puipo e of asking
your consideration of the question whether tins piacnce
should not be arrested by legislation. Our pension rolls
will >oon be swelled by the easualries of the existing was
to such proportions a-; will make it a heavy burden on the
Treasury. Ought this buiden to be mciea^ed bv the ad-
mission of claims ba^ed upon no peivices, and which the
paitv really entitled to the bounty of the Government never
thought pioper to present?
The object may be effected by an enactment thathcreaf-
tei no elnim toi a p^'iMon or for increase of pension shall
be allowed m favoi of the ehildi-en or otherde-cendants of
any person who served in the Revolutionary War, oi ot the
widow of such peison, when such peison or his? widow died
without having established a claim to a pension. L behove
such an enactment would be ju-t. anil that it would save
a laige amount of money to the Government, ft would
also be m harmony with the policy adopted by Congiess m
barring (ilnallv, by the act of Fcbruai v 8,1854—Statutes at
Laige, vol. Hi", p. £67,chap. 10)the claims of soldieis ot the
wai of Ibl2 to the laud bou.itv pionuscd to thorn prior to
their enlistment, and to then legal repiesentatives in the
event of their death m the seivice.
I have the honor to oe, veiy lespeetfullv. vour obedient
servant, CALEB B SMITH,
Sccretaiy oj the Interior.
Hon R. Holland Dt'kll, Chrzi-mati of the Committee on
Rcvolutionai y Claims, Home of Rcprcscntatues.
Air. DUELL called for the previous question
on the thud reading and engrossment of the bill.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
The bill directs that no claim for pension or
increase of pension shall be allowed in favor of
the children or other descendants of any person
who served in the war of the Revolution, or the
widow of such person, where such person or his
widow died without having established a claim to
a pension.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman who has reported the bill.
It professes to be a restraining bill; but I ask the
gentleman whether it really is such, or whether
it is the opposite in its character—by negativing
one state of facts to affirm another? I ask him
whether, in point of fact, under the construction
of the existing law as given by the Attorney Gen-
eral, the pension to the revolutionary soldier or
widow does not cease on his or her death ?
Mr. DUELL. This bill is intended to sanction
the decision of Attorney General Black. It is
intended to be restraining in its character. It has
reference to the claims of children of revolutionary
soldiers whose ancestors either neglected or were
unable to establish claims for pensions during
their lifetime. It is intended to apply only to that
class of case.
Mr. MAYNARD. In other words, this bill
enacts into law the opinion of Attorney.General
Black.
Mr. DUELL. Certainly. That is all it amounts
to.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill, and it was passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONDEMNED ARMY SUPPLIES.
Mr. ED WARDS, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, reported a joint resolution relating
to sale of goods unlit for use by the War Depart-
ment; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of War to cause all goods, merchandise,
and other property that have been furnished to
his Department as Army supplies, now on hand
and unsuitable for use, to be sold for the benefit
of the United States, in such quantities and at
such times and places as he shall deem best for
the public interest.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed. *•
Mi. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
aiso moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to define the
pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Artny, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed, and
its consideration postponed for two weeks.
DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, also, from the same
committee,reported a biil providing for compensa-
tion to loyal citizens for property destroyed to
prevent the same from being used by the enemy;
which was read a first*and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
SUTLERS IN VOLUNTEER SERVICE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with amendments, an
' act (S. No. 13G) to provide for the appointment
; of sutlers m the volunteer service, and to define
their duties.
The hill and amendments were read.
Mi. BLAIR, of xVIissouri. Th is is a matter
! in which the House and the country take a great
] deal of interest; and I move, at the suggestion of
several gentlemen, that the hill and amendments
be printed, and made a special order for Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr.
Private Secretary. ;
Also, notifying the House that the President"
had approved and signed an act fixing, the num-
ber of the House of Representatives from and
after the 3d of March, 3863.
HOSPITAL CHAPLAINS. . -
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military4
Affairs, reported a bill relating to the appointment
and compensation of chaplains to military hos-
pitals; which was read a first and second timer. <
The bill recites the appointment, by the Pres-
ident of the United States, of certain clergymen^
naming them, to discharge the duties of chaplains
at the hospitals for sick and wounded soldiers/
and enacts that they shall be severally entitled to
receive as compensation for their services, for the
time they have been so employed and until dis-
charged by order of the President of the United
States, the pay and allowance authorized by law
to be paid to chaplains in the volunteer service of
the United States. The second section authorizes
the President to appoint a chaplain to each gen-
eral military hospital of the United States, when
he may deem the same necessary, and to revoke
such appointments at will. Such chaplains to
receive the pay and allowance as aforesaid.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask my colleague what is
the salary fixed for these chaplains?
Mr. DUNN. The same as is now j>aid to
chaplains in the volunteer service. In this con-
nection I beg leave to have read a paragraph on
this subjcct from the President's message, and
also schedule A accompanying the message.
The Clerk read, as fellows:
"By mere omission, I presume, Congress has failed to
provide chaplains for hospitals occupied by volunteers.
This subject was brought to my notice, and i was induced
to draw up the foim of a letter, one copy of which, properly
addressed, has been delivered to each of the persons, and
at the dates icspcctively named and stated, in a schedule,
containing also the form of the letter, marked A, and here-
with transmitted.
" Thesegentlemen,I understand, entered upon the duties
designated, at the times respectively stated in the schedule,
and have Jahorcd faithfully therein ever since. I therefore
recommend that they be compensated at the same rate as
chaplains in the Army. I further suggest the# general pro-
vision be made for chaplains to serve"at hospitals, as well
as with regiments.
Schedule A.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. €., ——, 1861.
Rev. — :
Sir : Having been solicited by Christian ministers and
other pious people to appoint suitable persons to act as
chaplains at the hospitals for our sick and wounded soldiers,
and feeling the intrinsic propriety of having such persons
to so act, and yet believing there is no law confening the
power upon me to appoint them, I think fit to say that if
you will voluntarily enter upon and perform the appropri-
ate duties of such position, I willrecommend that Congress
make compensation therefor at the same rale as chaplains
in the Arnjy are compensated.
The following are the names and dates, icspectively, of
the peisons and times to whom and when such letters were
delivered:
Lie v. G. G. Goss September 25,1861.
Rev. John G. Butler September 25,1861.
Rev. Henry Hopkins September 25, 1861.
Rev. 1<\ M. Magiath October 30, 1861.
Rev. P. E. Boyle October 30, 1861.
Rev. John C. Smith November 7, 1861.
Rev. William Y. Brown November 7, 1861.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague says that the
pay provided by this bill is the same as the pay
of chaplains in the volunteer service, which is
about §1,700 a year. The recommendation of the
President is, that these chaplains shall be paid
the same as chaplains in the Army, which, as a
matter of course, means chaplains in the regular
Army. I should like my colleague to say what
that compensation is. Does it vary far from $900
a year? I am happy to say, in behalf of those
clergymen who have rendered their services gra-
tuitously, that they have been anxious to render
this service in the hour of the nation's troubles-,
but I think that their salary should be fixed at
the same rate as is paid to post chaplains—that is
to say, $900 a year.
Mr. DUNN. If the question before the House
were a question as to what should be the pay of
chaplains, I might be disposed to vote for a much
less sum than that now paid; but here are a few
chaplains who have performed arduous duties at
the request of the President, and on an assurance
from him that he would recommend that they
should receive the same pay and compensation as
chaplains in the volunteer service. I ask, in this
connection, that two letters, one from Rev. Dr.
