1862.
THE OOJSTGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
3005
high and low Republicans than this bill—a good
deal moro so. I think so now. That is one thing,
and to accuse agentleman of dishonesty is, I think,
a -#rry different thing. I have not impugned or at-
tempted to impugn any man's motives. I have re-
gretted that we should differ, and differ so spirit-
edly that it almost seems to be vindictive, upon a
matter where it has not been shown or attempted
to be shown that there is really any difference in
principle. The difference is only as to the extent
to which the measure goes. To be sure, the Sen-
ator has told us now that he had constitutional
scruples as to the House bill. Those of course he
may entertain, but I do not see how there can be
any difference between the two bills on any ground
of constitutional principle. I have not impugned
his motives. In tracing the history of this differ-
ence between us, I did not like to go back into a Re-
publican caucus,and I did not, and I will not now.
With all my warmth, I did not beginquiteas far
back as he be^an.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been talked of be-
fore here in the Senate.
Mr. WADE. It may have been, but I never
talk of such things, although I may be excited;
I always wash my linen in private. [Laughter.]
I know very well the origin of this bill, and of
the differences upon it. Some of us could not
yield to others; but I do not impugn any man's
motives because wc differ, and i never have. I
have regretted that we could not agree, especially
when the House bill is a middle measure, and
there is really no difference in principle between
it and the Senate bill. I had hoped that we hav-
ing been beaten on our favorite measure, the Sen-
ators might be content to be beaten on their fa-
vorite measure, and let-us meet upon the middle
ground of the House bill. I wish we could, and,
in my judgment, we ought to do so; but that is
for the Senators to judge for themselves. I wish
to have it understood, however, that I have im-
pugned no man's motives because he does not
agree with me or chooses to take a differentcourse.
I know that that may well occur. I do not pre-
tend to claim more for myself than I award to
others, ltis very true that when the Senator puts
it to me whether I am abetter Republican on this
bill than he is, I think I am.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not ask you on this
bill.
Mr. WADE. I limited my answer to this bill.
I do think so; I have no doubt of it. Still I agree
that I should make a great deal of concession, as I
said before, even to weak brethren on that subject.
I do not wish to say any more about this mat-
ter. I do not want to leave the impression on the
minds of friends here that I am actuated by any
vindictive spirit or have expressed any opinion
against their motives, for I certainly have not, and
1 do not like to have a gentleman get up here and
put words into my mouth orconstruc my language
to mean something I have not said. I have acted
in conjunction with thatSenatoralmosteversince
I have been here, and at this late day to have him
get up and say that I have impugned his motives
is more than the world will believe anyhow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will recollect
that I was replying to what I thought would be
the effect out of doors of what he said. I am per-
fectly willing to take his disclaimer, for I cannot
believe that he intended any such thing.
Mr. WADE. Then why say it? I have no
feeling only this, that I am mortified that we differ
on such slender grounds, and that this difference
should lead probably to the utter, total defeat of
a great measure on which the people have set their
hearts more than on anything else, and which I
believe is a more efficient agency to conquer this
rebellion than almost any other that we could con-
ceive of. I regret that we should be beaten upon
it finally, and the great measure overthrown, and
the country suffer on account of these little differ-
ences of ours. I told the Senator that I should not
differ upon it, because, if you will have it so, I
shall vote for this bill, though I have no assurance
that it will ever sec daylight, and I fear it will not.
We have the power in our hands to make " as-
surance doubly sure" by concurring with the
House of Representatives, passing their bill, and
gratifying the country at once with the harmony of
our councils, giving them at once an efficient bill.
I regret that we have seen fit to substitute a thing
of our own, certainly no better than that, and I
Mr. CLARK. The Senate will bear me wit-
ness, Mr. President, that, though representing the
committee who reported the Senate bill, I have
forborne debate upon this measure. I do not pro-
pose now to enter into the debate. I am as anx-
ious at this moment as I ever have been to get a
vote. I am going simply to say to the Senator
from Ohio, if he will lend me his ears 
Mr. "WADE. Yes, sir; you have got both my
ears.
Mr. CLARK. When he proposes that the Re-
publican party should keep together and not be
divided, I have only to say to him, in all kindness,
that we can accomplish that by not being de-
nounced; and though, Mr. President, I sat here,
and in the speech which the Senator has made this
afternoon, heard myself and friends denounced as
bigoted and dogged—those were the expressions
the Senator used—I assure him I will lay up no
unkindncss. It is his zeal, his warmth, and earn-
estness, that betrayed him into using those ex-
pressions; and I will make no reply, but ask the
Senate to come to a vote.
> The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the proposed
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I consider
it properthat there should bo no misapprehension
in regard to the facts in reference to this question.
I said that a minority of the friends of confisca-
tion, uniting with its enemies, were placing an
amendment before the Senate. That has been
controverted by the Senator from Maine; and he
has undertaken to make it appear thata majority
of the Republican Senators, changing the state-
ment a little from what I made it, which was a
minority of the friends of confiscation 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will pardon
me; his language was not " a minority;" he said
" a few."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator may have it
" a few," if he prefers it; a few of the friends of
confiscation—1 repeat, for there are some Repub-
lican Senators who are not the friends of confis-
cation, and they have so avowed it upon this floor
—it is a few of the friends of confiscation, uniting
with the avowed enemies of confiscation, that have
placed this amendment before the Senate; for there
are Republican Senators that have averred time
and again that they were opposed to confiscation;
and there are, let me tell the Senator from Maine,
members of the very committee that reported this
bill, who boast that there is no confiscation in it.
I might, therefore,adhere to that proposition; but
the Senator thought proper to change it, and to
speak of a majority of Republican Senators. Sir,
I meet him upon that issue, and I say that the
amendment otfered as a substitute to-day in this
Senate would have failed but for the votes of Sen-
ators not Republicans.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Republicans them-
selves have not u quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would have failed if
there had been none but Republican Senators here.
Take out of the Senate every one who voted ex-
cept a Republican, and the amendment would have
failed to-day. Then how was it carried ? Let there
be no misapprehension in the country. The Sen-
ator thought proper to claim the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Massachusetts, who
was not present, as friendly to the Senate bill.
The Senator from Ohio has corrected that person-
ally; the Senator from Massachusetts now pres-
ent has answered for his colleague that he was au-
thorized to say that he would have voted against
its substitution for the House bill. They were on
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for a moment. I do notknow how my friend's
mind is constituted, but it seems to be very diffi-
cult for him to state a Senator he says. I did
not claim to say how those gentlemen were to-day.
All I said about them was that they agreed—and
I understood they did—to the report of the com-
mittee which was made of this bill that was offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire. They were
members of the committee, and I undeistand it to
be a unanimous report. I understand now that
they agreed that it should be reported. What
might have been their feelings outside, I do not
pretend to say. I said that if you added their votes
to the others, there was a majority of Republican
Senators for the bill. I did not claim that they
would vote for it to-day. I knew in fact that the
Senator from Ohio had voted the other way to-
day-
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator must hare
known 
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator from Mas*
sachusetts, in point of fact, did not state that he
was authorized by his colleague to say that he
would vote against the amendment. He stated
that in his opinion he would vote that way, as 1
understood it. He did not say that he was au-
thorized to make that declaration.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not wish to state all that
passed between my colleague and myself last
evening, as he lay on his bed.
Mr. DIXON. I referred to what the Senator
said. I recollect what he said.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague's statement was
much stronger than I chose to give to the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. Perhaps I was mistaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wonder at the
sensitiveness of gentlemen here. I do not wonder
at the irritation which certain Senators have man-
ifested, and at the zeal with which they spring to
their feet when the history of this matter is alluded
to. The people of this country are in earnest in
this war. I will not undertake to speak of the
people of Maine or the people of Connecticut, but
the people of my State are in earnest; they are for
putting down this rebellion; they believe thata
war exists, a wicked, unrelenting, causeless war,
urged on by bad and wicked men. They have
suffered. Thousands, yea more than ten thou-
sand, and I do not know but twenty thousand,
of loyal soldiers from Illinois have been buried
since this war began, and since they entered the
public service. Hundreds of their bodies have
been borne back and deposited in the soil of the
State whence they went forth to maintain the Con-
stitution and the Union.
We are now assessing heavy taxes to pay the
expenses of maintaining our armies, and in my
own State there are hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars' worth of property held by traitors in arms
against the Government, and I receive letters al-
most daily, inquiring why it is that some law is
not passed to appropriate this property to the pay-
ment of the expenses of the war that these traitors
have brought upon the country. And when a bill
is substituted in the Senate of the United States
by the votes of a minority of the Republican Sen-
ators, who are held responsible for the adminis-
tration of the Government, uniting with those
opposed to the present Administration of the Gov-
ernment, which bill is believed by a majority of
the Senators friendly to the Administration to be
inefficient, and which will not answer the pur-
poses the country expects, it is no wonder that
those who have united to bring about this result
should feel a little sensitive.
Mr. CLARK. Is there no sensitiveness on
that side of the House?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I feel no sensitive-
ness; I feel no malignity. Now, I will answer the
appeal of the Senator from Maine. He wants to
know why we cannot come in and take the com-
promise bill of the Senate. The compromise bill
of the Senate! A compromise to whom ? A com-
promise to the men who want no confiscation bill ?
The Senator from Maine thought proper to say
that those of us who oppose this substitute, said
" take the House bill or take nothing, so far as we
are concerned." Ah! sir, have we said that? Has
the Senator from Ohio said it ? Have £ said it > It
is in our power, if we act upon your principle, to
defeat this bill. We can vote it down the moment
theVote is taken, if we act upon the principle that
seems to actuate certain other Senators. It would
be easy to defeat it, for we all know that Senators
over the way, who vote for it as a substitute, will
be very far from voting for it as a law. Jf we
thought proper to unite with the enemies of con-
fiscation, who will vote against any bill, it would
be easy to defeat this; and if we do not do so, is it
is not because there is more magnanimity on the
part of those who are acting in opposition to the
substitute, than on the part of those who insist
upon that and nothing else ?
Sir, the substitute is no compromise bill. It
does not come here as a compromise bill. It never
has had the assent of a majority of the friends of
confiscation. It has not at this hour. It never
has had the assent of a majority of the Republican
Senators. It has not at this hour. How then
will it be passed? If passed at all, it will be
