1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2045
be practically the same at all times, till varied or
annulled. *
* To be more specific, I answer my friend that I
do not suppose at all, as a question of constitu-
tional power, that the fact that North Carolina put
into her deed of cession these words, " provided
always that no regulation made or to be made by
Congress shall tend to emancipate slaves," over-
rides the right which Congress would otherwise
have to legislate there. On the contrary, I think
that such a stipulation as that addresses itself
rather to the consideration of good faith subsist-
ing between the grantor and the grantee, and 1 do
not think it goes so much to the naked question
of power. That is my impression.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York did not entirely apprehend the
point to which I desired to call his attention. It
was not as to whether the power of Congress could
be changed by the admission of the Territory as
a State, but whether it would not be changed by
the granting of a portion of territory to the Fed-
eral Government for the purpose of a fort or dock-
yard, under the provision of the Constitution to
which I have called attention, and under which
such cessions are invariably made, and which, by
the express terms of the Constitution, confers on
Congress power "ofexclusive legislation in all
cases whatever;" because the Government could
not accept it upon any other constitutional terms.
I ask, is not power conferred upon Congress by
such cession to exercise exclusive legislation over
all subjects whatever?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If my friend will
allow me, I am not prepared to deny, and I there-
fore substantially agree with him, that such a
stipulation as I have referred to, or such a one as
he refers to, would confer on Congress the power
to legislate. On the contrary from denying, I con-
cur with him that, as a question of power, Con-
gress would have the same Jus desponendi of this
territory as would have resulted had Congress
provided no such stipulation to be made. As I
said before, I think it weighs in the balance of
good faith rather than in the balance of power.
Mr. ARNOLD. I am glad to find myself sus-
tained by the opinion of so able a lawyer as the
distinguished gentleman from New York. I ap-
prehend that on the constitutional and legal ques-
tion there can be no difference of opinion. That
when a portion of the territory of a State has been
ceded to the Federal Government under the pro-
vision of the Constitution giving Congress ex-
clusive legislative jurisdiction, it possesses that
power as fully and completely as it dors over this
District. This, it seems to me, is not a debatable
point.
Now, in regard to the suggestion as to whether
we ought to exercise this power, and whether it
would be a violation of good faith on the part of
the Federal Government to exorcise it, it seems
to me, sir, that that suggestion comes at a very
inopportune moment. Conceding that we possess
the clear constitutional power to prohibit slavery
in those portions of the territories ceded by the
States, and over which Congress acquires, by such
cession,exclusive jurisdiction, aie we asked to re-
frain from the exercise of that power because of
comity—because freedom in their midst will " ir-
ritate" the slave States? We tolerated the exist-
ence of slavery in those places while the States
remained loyal to the Union. We have tolerated
the existence of this relic of barbarism while those
States met us here in council, under the stars and
stripes. But when they have drawn the sword
with a determination to destroy the Constitution,
to break into fragments this glorious Union, set-
ting all law, human and divine, at defiance, while
they are seeking, by the exercise ofall the powers
they possess, to put an end to the life of this na-
tion, shall we be appealed to to tolerate longer that
accursed institution which has brought all these
evils on our country, in any place whore we have
the constitutional power to reach it? Beyond that
line I would not go; but up to that line squarely
would I march.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ARNOLD. Certainly.
Mr, McKNIGHT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether he considers that the
infidelity of a certain portion of the inhabitants of
a State, or of the majority if you choose, to their
obligations to the Constitution and laws of the
United States reiealts the Government of the Uni-
ted States from its obligations and duty toward
the minority, or the portion which still remains
faithful?
Mr. ARNOLD. Not at all, sir', but I do not
admit that they have any claim to the perpetual
existence or toleration of slavery anywhere where
we have the constitutional power to prohibit it.
Regarding it as a great evil to the country, as the
gigantic traitor that is now seeking to destroy us
as a nation, loving the Constitution, and wishing
to see it perpetuated, and desiring to see the prin-
ciples on which our fathers framed it carried out,
I believe it is the solemn duty of every man who
loves those principles to destroy this th'eir great
enemy whenever and wherever we have the con-
stitutional power to accomplish that object.
Now, sir, I'have said what will hardly, I think,
be contradicted, that slavery is the cause of all
the evils that are now afflicting our country. Itis
that institution which has plundered your Treas-
ury. It is that institution which has stolen your
arms, seduced your officers,and carried death and
desolation all over the land. What shall we do
with this great criminal, is the question which
addresses itself to us now. I say, to the extent
that we have the constitutional power to destroy
it, exercise that power. That it has caused the
evils from which the country is suffering, has been
conceded by the candid men of the border States.
I hold in my hand, and will read to the House
a paragraph or two from the leading paper of the
city of Baltimore, giving a candid statement of the
causes which have led to our present difficulties.
I refer to the Baltimore American, of April 12th,
quoting from a communication from a distin-
guished citizen of Maryland, as follows: m
" You seem also dissatisfied that Mr. Lincoln should favor
the removal of the cause of all the misery we are enduimg,
by lawful means, and by a process gradual and just to all
concerned.
"There is not a thoughtful man in ourcountry who now
thinks that slavery will endure. Much has been said, and,
perhaps, some will continue to dispute, respecting the class
of people whose conduct in regaid to the institution has
caused tho present calamities. Some blame the abolition-
ists; some the nullifiers; others both these parties. But
the tune for this disputation is past. Whether either or all
these parties, and others, have done wrong, and undoubt-
edly they have, it is not now material to inquire. AH prac-
tical men aie now sensible that slavery so affects the people,
whether it ought to do so or not, as to make it a terrible
institution to our race. They see that it imbrues a brother's
hand m a biothei's blood, and invites foreign despots to
plant monarchies on our continent. With this result before
us, the only inquiry should be how to get rid of an institu-
tion which pioduees such miseries. Some urge instaniand
universal abolition as the effective and proper course; but
the Vie-ident adopts the recommendation of om gieat
southern st ti'-incn, made before slavery became a political
hobby, namely, gradual emancipation, with compensation,
and the separation of the laces. Many of our people, and
especially the secessionists and those who—without having
any property interest in it—have found their account in sla-
very as a political hobby, will oppose Mr. Lincoln's policy,
and so do then best to bring upon us the more violent al-
ternative. But the people of the State will sustain him.
They will now listen to the sage* and patriots who founded
the Government and warned us to eliminate slavery."
I quote and read a few paragraphs from the
comments of the editor:
In dealing with the views so frankly expressed in his
letter, let us never for one moment forget that, for the pre-
carious position now occupied by slaveiy in our own Slate,
■we are clearly indebted to South Ccn olinu inid the other cotton
States. Noasscition, no logic, no sophistry, can ever get
around that great fact." * * * * " After the
land has been made led with the blood of its best and no-
blont son*, atter every humiliation has been suffered abroad
by the leading conspirators in a war which was begun os-
tensibly to siib-eive the cause and growth of slavery, its
spread "until it should constitute of itself a great empnc,
covering Mexico even, here we have the conspirators coolly
turning around, and telling us and the world that it was all
a mistake that slavery was the cause of the wai; that they
were not fighting for that, for that was safe enough, but that
' free tiade5 was the chief cause for the attempted revolu-
tion, with its wholesale rum and cruel slaughter.
" But now, at length, comes the reckoning. They have
aroused a thousand enemies to slavery where it had but
one before; and their course has been especially fatal to
the States that were to serve as their 'buhvaik > They
dared to make the i-isue; tlu v eagerly threw down the
gauntlet, and the loyal portion of the nation called upon to
repel their aggressions has taken it up. And now, after the
monstious ciimes of which ihe cotton States have been
guilty, after khroudmg the whole nation in mourning, and
almost btnying it under a load of debt, they dare to insult
heaven and eaith with their indiirnaut cries because letri-
butiou tliKMtens that institution which they avowed should
dominate the continent nndei the lead of Toombs and Ste-
phens and the Rhetts.'"
Here is the distinct and candid admission that
this war was begun by the rebels to " subserve the
cause and growth, of slavery." I wish, by every
constitutional means, to prevent the growth and
destroy the existence of an institution so fatal to
the welfare and peace of the country.
And here, Mr, Speaker, permit me to submit
to the consideration of the House, whether, tlxat
institution has not'eonverte'd to a very considera-
ble extent the once Christian, the once,patriotic,
the once noble race of men in the rebel States into
semi-barbarians? Is it not true? Read the inves-
tigations of your war committee. Read of the
outrages and barbarities perpetrated by the rebels
on our wounded soldiers and the remains of the
dead. What has wrought this change? Why is
it that we now find that in some portions of the
country—with many honorable and noble excep-
tions—there has grown up a race of Tebels and
traitors who disregard all the rules of civilized
warfare; men perpetrating barbarities more infa-
mous and inhuman than ever disgraced the war-
fare of any civilized nation? I submit that it is
the influence of this institution of slavery that has
produced this change. It seems to me that the
remedy for all these evils is in the adoption of the
policy of the President, gradual emancipation,
and in the adoption by Congress of the policy of
prohibition wherever we have the constitutional
power to do it, as provided for by the bill.under
consideration. We will thus gradually relieve this
great country from the incubus which is bearing
it down, and which is now seeking to destroy it.
Suppose you establish in some of these slavehold-
ing States spots where freedom alone exists, will
such immediate contiguity of free soil irritate the
sensibilities of the Union men of the slave States ?
Look at the influence of freedom on the one
hand, and of slavery on the other, as developed in
the history of $ur country. It seems to me that
all men will acknowledge that with liberty there
is prosperity, there is progress, civilization, in-
telligence, national greatness. Look at the North-
west, and seo its rapidity of advance. Why is it
that in that section of the country which had the
large cities of Charleston and Savannah in the time
of the Revolution there has been no progress, no
advance; but, on the contrary, deterioration and
decay? Will not candid and intelligent gentle-
men admit that it is because of the institution of
slavery there?' Shall we not, then, be benefiting
that section whenever we do anything to pro-
mote, under our constitutional powers, the grad-
ual, peaceful abolition of slavery, and the intro-
duction of freedom into those States? If slavery
had not existed there, the same degree of pros-
perity and growth which we have witnessed with
such pride in the North and Northwest, would
have prevailed there, and old Virginia, which to-
day presents so sad and melancholy a spectacle,
would have been the proudest, greatest, noblest,
State in this Union. No man can to-day look
upon that old Commonwealth, the mother of States
and of statesmen., and see her present degrada-
tion without sadness. Slavery has dragged her
down'. By this bill I desire to go to the extent of'
the constitutional power in destroying an institu-
tion which has been the curse of our country.
This proposition is presented in a spiritofnoun-
kindness toward our fiiends of the border States.
I have often been pained to see a degree of irrita-
bility and unkindness springing up in discussion
here on these subjects. It seems to me that we
should approach this great question as one of an
acknowledged evil, which every patriot and lover
of his country should desire to see destroyed.
We should candidly, and with entire respect to
each other's views and feelings, inquire as to the
best mode of bringing about that most desirable
object. In that spirit it has been presented by
the President of the United Stales.
Mr. Speaker, this bill proposes the exercise of
what I conceive to be a clear constitutional power
to prohibit this institution in the Territories, on
the high seas, in the forts and arsenals, over which
we possess exclusive jurisdiction. I hope that the
bill will pass.
Mr. IvELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 would like to
ask my colleague a question as to his opinion of
the effect of his bill. I see that it declares every
person held to service, within the places men-
tioned, absolutely free; and that that shall be an
answer in any cou*t to the charge that he is a
bondman. I wish to ask my colleague, withaview
to that, whether it does not apparently repeal and
render void the fugitive slave law, as it is called,
or the law authorizing the recapture of person?
