,2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
held to service who hail escaped from service or
labor. And if so, is it his intention to do it?
Mr. ARNOLD. In reply to my colleague, I
will say that I have no idea that the bill under
consideration does relieve these persons from the
operation of the fugitive slave law.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man permit me to fead to him the second and last
section of this bill, and then ask him to explain how
it can be otherwise? The second section provides:
"That any person now held, or attempted to be held
hereafter, as a slave in any of the places above named is
hereby declared to be free, and tliat the right of freedom
hereby declared may be asserted in any of the courts of the
United States, or of the several States, in behalf of the
party, or his or her posterity, after any lapse of time, upon
the principle tliat a party once free is always free."
That last part is but a slight effort at a stump
speech, and not very mateiial. Now, I wish to
ask the gentleman if a person held to service or
labor, being within any of the places mentioned
in the bill, is attempted to be held to service, this
bill will not, by a special law of Congress, make
him absolutely free, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding? If it does not, then I cannot un-
derstand the import of plain language.
Mr. ARNOLD. I do not understand that to
be the meaning of the section, by any means.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me to make a suggestion. I ask
the gentleman from Illinois on my right [Mr.
Kellogg] to consider that the language of the
bill to which he refers is "held."
Mr. OL1N. " Held or attempted to be held."
Mr. BINGHAM. " Held or attempted to be
held." That is the language. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois, then, to consider that the slave
who escapes under the meaning of the fugitive
slave acts of 1793 and 1850 docs not come within
the meaning of the word " held," as it is used in
this bill. It is not, therefore, liable to the objec-
tion which the gentleman makes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did by no means
design to enter into a discussion of this bill; but
I thought it proper to obtain from my colleague
his interpretation of it. The gentleman from Ohio
has come to h is rescue, and seeks to avoid the force
of my question by an allusion to certain words,
putting upon them what every man must esteem
a very forced construction.
Now, sir, in respect to a law of so much im-
portance as this, to which the country must look
with so much interest, which may so much affect
the welfare and happiness of the country, which
may be the means of distracting it further, I ask,
and ask in good faith, whether we should leave it
subject to tli is vague, uncertain construction. The
gentleman says that under the words " held, or
attempted to be held," persons escaping from ser-
vive or labor will not be included. Sir, by the
plain language used in the bill, which I believe
has received judicial interpretation, it will em-
brace every person held to scrvice or labor who
may be found in these places, however he may
have reached there.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, with the consent of
the gentleman, to ask him whether, in his opin-
ion, the fugitive who escapes from scrvice or labor
can be reclaimed under the fugitive slave law in
the District of Columbia?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have not crit-
ically read the law which was passed a few days
since when I was absent. I have supposed, how-
ever, the import of that act in this rcspcct to be, a
repeal of the fugitive slave law m so far as it may
apply to the District of Columbia. I maybe mis-
taken, but that is my recollection of the impres-
sion made upon my own mind from the casual
reading of it. But this law declares that any per-
son now held or attempted to be held in these
places—in the forts, in the navy-yards, in the dock-
yards, and wherever the United States has exclu-
sive jurisdiction—shall be forever free. If an es-
caped slave found in one of the places mentioned,
is " attempted to be held;" if he is claimed as a
slave, the moment you make that claim, by the
terms of this bill, in its second section, he is made
a free man.
If the object is to establish various points at
which slaves may escape and from which they may
not be reclaimed, I say it is fhore manly to intro-
duce a bill for the universal emancipation of slaves
within the limits of the United States, and boldly
and fearlessly take the responsibility and the con-
sequences.
Mr. ARNOLD. The bill abolishing slavery in
the District of Columbia, let me tell my colleague,
contains no such provision as he mentions.
Now, sir, as an evidence of the extreme inge-
nuity of my "colleague in finding objections to the
bill, let me call his attention to the fact, that in
the discussions that took place in regard to the
bill abolishing slavery in«the District of Colum-
bia, able as they were, coming from gentlemen
so distinguished as lawyers, and desirous of find-
ing objections to that bill, none of them were—my
colleague will pardon me for saying—so hyper-
critical as to discover that that bill framed substan-
tially li(te this, in so far as this point is concerned,
was obnoxious to the objections which he now
suggests. And I think, therefore, I am warranted
in saying that the objection which my colleague
makes is not founded on any fair construction of
the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman will per-
mit, I desire to state, in reply to his suggestion,
that the bill abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia is not obnoxious to the objection of in-
terfering with the fugitive slave law here, that I
am informed there are now in this city not less
than five hundred slaves escaped from the State
of Maryland, and that practically the fugitive
law is repealed here. The power which has con-
trol here, the military power, refuses to permit
the law to bo executed, and the authorities here
sanction that refusal.
Mr. ARNOLD. Does the gentleman mean to
say there are that number of fugitive slaves in the
District of Columbia at this time owned by loyal
masters ? ■*
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes, sir. I am so informed.
Men have been here to reclaim their slaves, and
the right has been denied them,upon the ground
that the military authorities control, and they will
not permit it. Now, sir, pass this bill, and the
same rule will apply to all those arsenals and dock-
yards which are, of course, under the control of
the military authorities, and we will be under a
military despotism so far as the maintenance of
our constitutional rights is concerned.
Mr. ARNOLD. I have concluded what I in-
tended to say, and retained the floor only to reply
to my colleague, and now yield it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I sought the floor some
moments ago to ask a question which has been
anticipated by the gentleman from Kentucky. I
was going to ask whether the fugitive slave law
was not, in point of fact, practically repealed in
this District?
The SPEAKER. The Chairdoes not see what
the bill abolishing slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia has to do with the bill before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is in reference to a con-
struction which would naturally attach itself to
the consideration of the bill before the House.
Mr. OLIN. Like many others, I voted against
laying this bill upon the tabic, and I voted also
against seconding the demand for the previous
question, which would cut off all debate upon and
consideration of the bill. I did so because I think
the experience of this House during the present
session ought to teach us a little prudence, ought
to teach us the propriety of giving to import-
ant mfeasures a little consideration before passing
finally upon them. When a measure of so much
magiiilude as the present one is under considera-
tion, in my judgment it is unwise to undertake to
force it through the House, when perhaps not ten
members have even read the bill, and when not
one in fifty of the members have considered its
provisions. Such, according to my judgment,
would not be deliberate legislation.
The present bill may be of little moment, so far
as it affects the substantial interests of the slave-
holder or the abolition of slavery. In the hasty
examination I have been enabled to give this meas-
ure, it, in my judgment, will be productive of lit-
tle practical effect, and quite likely to result in a
system of petty annoyances to those who were
determined to maintain this institution, and excite
their hostility towards the General Government.
But, sir, in my judgment, the bill is drawn with
that want of care and precision that should charac-.
lerizeabill of this description. Conceding a meas-
ure like this was both proper and necessary, who
will tell mc—certainly not the committee who re-
ported this bill—what is the limit of the jurisdic-
tion of the General Government over the naviga-
ble rivers ? Does thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr
Lovejoy,] while he disavows any intention to in-
terfere with slavery in the States where it exists,
contend that if a citizen of Kentucky start with
a flatboat upon the Mississippi river with his
slaves and his own produce toward New Orleans,
the Government has a right to emancipate those
slaves, and that it is wise and expedient to do it?
Does he mean that?
Mr. ARNOLD. Will thegentleman from New
York yield to me?
Mr. OLIN. Certainly. I am in pursuit of
knowledge.
Mr. ARNOLD. I refer the gentleman from
New York to the language of the bill. It is as
follows:
" Third. On all vessels on the high seas beyond the ter-
ritory and jurisdiction of the several States from which or
to which the said vessels may be going."
Mr. OLIN. My bill reads, " in all vessels on
the high seas, and on all national highways."
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois has stricken out the words
"and on all national highways," in the substitute
which he has moved.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Such is the fact.
Mr. OLIN. Then that answers my inquiry on
that subject, Now in reference to the seventeenth
line: fourth, " the bill includes all places what-
soever where the national Governmentissupreme,
or has exclusive jurisdiction and power."*
Mr. LOVEJOY. It reads now " where the
national Government has exclusive jurisdiction
and power." The words " is supreme or" are
stricken out.
Mr. OLIN. Let me inquire of the gentleman,
what particular place is intended to be referred to
in that provision besides the territory of the Uni-
ted States, those being under the exclusive juris-
diction of Congress, and the District of Columbia
—besides those places what is the language of the
bill designed to include? What does this section
of the bill have reference to when you say in all
places where the Government is supreme or has
exclusive jurisdiction ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The dock-yards and arsenals
of the United States.
Mr. OLIN. Your bill speaks of those in the
previous sections.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Repetition will not hurt any-
body.
Mr. OLIN. Precisely what I supposed. I
thank the gentleman for his explanation. Now,
drawing up a bill of this description, dressing it
in vague generalities, without reference to any-
thing in particular, hoping that it would, through
judicial construction, be held to mean something
in particular which few expected, is a sort of le-
gislation I do not like or approve.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Illinois, who reported this
bill, what is the design of the third clause in ref-
erence to vessels upon the high seas? Is it the
design of this bill to prohibit private vessels pass-
ing from one port to another in the respective
States from taking on board these persons we usu-
ally denominate slaves ? The high seas, it is well
understood, is a legal term, and includes all the
waters of the ocean a marine league beyond low-
water mark. I would like the gentleman from
Illinois or any other gentleman who discusses this
bill, to tell us whether it is the intention to pro-
hibit private vessels from carrying slaves from
Savannah or Charleston to another port in the
South ? Or does it apply exclusively to the pub-
lic armed vessels ?
Mr. OLIN. Unquestionably the bill means to
say—and the language could not be chosen with
more explicitness for the purpose—that every per-
son held to service who should be taken on a ves-
sel in the coasting trade, private or public, should
be declared free. The language of the bill is ex-
plicit and well chosen to accomplish thatpurpose.
It is as explicit as language could be. It docs not
mean public armed vessels; but it means any ves-
sels exclusively in the coasting trade, and it means
that the slaves who shall be carried upon these
vessels shall be liberated. Such a measure may
be wise and proper. I do not know that we ought
to oppose such a measure. I do not rise to pro-
test against the provisions of this bill so much as
against this practice too prevalent in this House
of pressing a measure of this description through
it before the House is fully aware of the purpose,
objects, and legal effect of the measure. It is an
