1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3007
compensated and paid from the time that the com-
pensation of his predecessor ceased.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
following amendment:
Provided, That no member shall receive for his compen-
sation moie than $3,000 for any one year.
Mr. HARRIS. I wiil simply state, in order
that the Senate may understand the effect of this
resolution, that by the practice, as it has already
been established by the Senate, in the case of the
death of a member, his successor receives com-
pensation from the time of his death—from the
time the pay of his predecessor ceased. The ob-
ject of this resolution is to extend the same rule
to cases like that of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] where his predecessor has been ex-
pelled. It is to extend the same rule that now
prevails in a case of death to a case where the seat
is otherwise vacated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; was read the third
time, and passed.
BILL' INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 374) to punish persons who give-or offer
to give members of Congress and officers of the
Government of the United States consideration for
procuring contracts, office, or place from the Uni-
ted States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
SALVAGE tfOll RECAPTURES.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 349) in
addition to " An act providing for salvage in cases
of recapture," approved March 3, 1800.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust that bill will not he taken
up, unless it be to make it the special order for
some other time. The questions that are involved
in it are of very great magnitude. I understand
it is a proposition virtually to take a way > in a great
many instances at any rate, the prizes which have
been captured by our naval forces during this war.
I have had no opportunity to examine the bill; but
as 1 understand it from a casual reading, it directs
that ail vessels which have been captured at any
time during this war that are claimed to have been
owned by loyal people, although used in a bellig-
erent character against us, shall be returned to
those loyal people, thus depriving the sailors and
officers of the Navy in a great many instances of
prizes which arc considered as property belong-
ing to them, and which do belong to them if this
is really a war that is existing and the parties op-
posed to us have belligerent rights. I want an
opportunity to look into the bill and see what are
the merits of it, and examine the authorities on
the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senate will take
it up and consider it at the present time. I agree
with the Senator that the bill is important; but it
is not important m the sense in which he under-
stands it. It is only important because accordingto
the practice there may be some trouble growing out
of the wantof a settled rule on the question. The
Senator misapprehends entirely the scope of the
bill. It contains no provision such as he supposes,
and is not intended to apply to the class of eases
he suggests. It is applicable only to the vessels
of persons residing in portions of the country not
in a state of insurrection; and the bill declares that
as to the vessels of persons residing in th$t section
of the country, which may have been taken by the
rebels and retaken by our own vessels, they shall
not be considered prize of war. That is all there
is of it. Tiiat is the upshot of the whole thing.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the way it is, as I
understand it.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it is substantially so,
as the bill was reported. Jt relates to ts vessels,
goods, or merchandise of citizens of the United
States, or of persons resident within or under the
protection of the United States," provided they
are loyal citizens; but to make the bill entirely
specific, at the suggestion of other Senators I have
concluded to make it precisely what I have stated,
to make it applicable only to persons resident in
districts not declared in a state of insurrection; so
that the bill, if passed, will simply declare that the
property of persons who are citizens of the United
States, residentin that section of the United States
which has not been declared by the President to
be disloyal or in a state of insurrection, shall not
be regarded as prize of war. I do not suppose
my honorable friend will dissent from that prop-
osition. I do not suppose anybody will dissent
from it to that extent. If the bill comcs up, my
first object will be to make that amendment to make
the bill entirely specific and bring it within that
principle. If, then, there should beany objection
to it, it will be considered a matter open for con-
sideration. I therefore hope my honorable friend
will allow the bill to come up and allow me to
make that amendment, and then we will consider
whether there is any objection to it. I do not
suppose my friend will have any objection to the
bill, that amendment being made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine to
take up the bill for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
349) in addition to " An act providing for salvage
incases of recapture," approved March 3, 1800,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs that vessels, goods,
or merchandise of citizens of the United States, or
of persons resident within or under the protection of
the United States, which have been, or which here-
after, during the present rebellion, shall be taken
by assumed or pretended authority of "the confed-
erate States," so-called, and retaken by any vessel
acting under authority from theGovernment of the
United States, or in the service thereof, or by any
person acting under such authority, shall "be re-
stored to the former owner or owners without
charge or rates of salvage, if such owner or owners
have not been engaged in the rebellion, nor, directly
or indirectly, aided or encouraged the same; and the
President is authorized and required, upon satis-
factory proof of such ownership, and of the loy-
alty and fidelity of the owner or claimant, to cause
the same to be restored to the owner thereof.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, in the fourth
line, after the word " of," by inserting the word
"other;" so that it will read:
That vessels, goods, or merchandise of citizens of the
United States, or of other persons resident within or under
the piotection of the United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. After the words " protection
of," at the end of the fourth line, I move to insert
the words " that part, "and after the word "States,"
in the fifth line, to insert the words, u the inhab-
itants whereof have not been declared in a state of
insurrection;" so that it will read:
That vessels, goods, or merchandise of citizens of the
United States, or of other persons resident within or under
the protection of that pail of the United States the inhab-
itants whereof have not been declated in a state of insur-
rection, which have been, or which hereafter, dining the
present rebellion, shall betaken by assumed orpietendcd
authority of the confedeiate States, so-called, and ictaken
by any vessel, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate,as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out in the
fourth line, after the word " within," the words
u or under the protection of;" so as to read:
That vessels, goods, oi merchandise of citizens of the
United Slates, or of other persons icsident within that part
ofthe United Slates, the inhabitants whereof have not been
declared in a state of insurrection, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. This is a very important
bill, and I call for the reading of the report.
The Secretary read the report made by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom were referred a
resolution of the Senate and the memorial ofthe
owners of the ship John H. Jaivis, praying that
provision may be made by which the vessel, cap-
tured by the rebels and recaptured by the United
States, may oe restored to the owners. The pe-
tition of the owners is in these words:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
oj ike United States:
The owners or' the ship John U. Jams, of Boston, re-
spectful!} iepiesent,that soon alter the breaking out ot the
present rebellion, said >lnp, then bound from New Orleans
for Liveipool, was seized in tiie Mississippi iivcr, near its
mouth, by a pnvateci of the so-called confederate States,
and taken back to New Orleans by hei captors, where they
believe she now is, in company with many other vessels be-
longing to northern owneis; that said ship was then, and
still is, owned wholly by loyal citizens of tho northern
States; that they have made every effort to get possession
of the vessel, by sending an agent thither to attend to the
business, but the regulations ofthe Navy and Army, as they
are advised, are such as to prevent any such agent going
with the troops or in any national vessel on such enand,
while the blockade equally prevents access in any other
way.
Tiie undersigned therefore prays that such regulation or
provision maybe made, either by Congress or by the appro-
priate Department, as inaysecure to the owners full posses-
sion of their said property and the i etui n thereof to them ;
also, that such provision may be made as will admit of such
owners passing to New Orleans and other places where such
property may be, In older to regain possession of their prop-
erty and take charge thereof. SYLVANUS RICH,
for himself and other owners.
Bangor, Maine, May 3,1862.
By resolution of the Senate, the committee were
instructed to inquire whether any legislation was
necessary in relation to vessels belonging to loyal
American citizens which have heretofore been
seized and confiscated by rebels, and which have
been recaptured at New Orleans and other places,
and to report by bill or otherwise, and from their
report it appears that the case presented is this:
that sundry vessels belonging to citizens of the
United States, while being employed in lawful
commerce in the ports and harbors thereof, the
owners in all respects conforming to the regula-
tions of such commerce, had been seized by as-
sumed authority of the self-styled "confederate
States," claimed as prizes of war, condemned in
sclf-constituted courts of admiralty, within our
limits and jurisdiction, as captures jure belli ^ and
sold as prize property; that these ports, having
been theretofore closed by authority of the United
States, the vessels remained at tho places of seiz-
ure, and fell into the possession of our naval forces
when they came to occupy those ports, and are
now held by them either as prizes of war, or for
restoration to their owners, as the rights of all
concerned may be determined. If, under these
circumstances, these vessels are to be treated as
piizes of war, the question, it is said, is one of a
judicial character, and the rights of parties are to
be determined in the courts of the country, ac-
cording to the principles of international jurispru-
dence, in which event it is not apparent that addi-
tional legislation is required. If, on the contrary,
property of the citizen thus circumstanced is to
be held to be in friendly and domestic ports, and
the rights of property therein to be so under the
protecting asgis of the Constitution, as that hostile
acts of those owing a common allegiance to that
Constitution are to be regarded acts of hostility
between citizens of the same Government, in that
event, if. is believed, the question becomes a po-
litical one, is not judicial in its character, but is to
be determined by, and provided for, by theGov-
ernment; and in such event, as the condition of
the nation and the relation of the parties are novel
and extraordinary, additional legislation may be
found to be necessary.
It is believed there is little pretense for treating
vessels belonging to loyal American citizens,
which have heretofore been seized and confiscated
by the rebels, and which have been recaptured at
New Orleans and other places," as prizes of war.
The principles of the law of nations in respect to
recaptures, as ordinarily administered in prize
courts, by which property of the subject, taken
by the public enemy and recaptured, was held to
be prize of war, has been changed or greatly mod-
ified by the legislation of most modern nations,
and the right of restitution to the original owner
of property so recaptured generally adopted. The
English statute provides that "any ship, vessel,
goods, or merchandise belonging to any of her
Majesty's subjects, captured by any of her Ma-
jesty's enemies, and afterwards recaptured from
the enemy by any of her Majesty's ships or ves-
sels of war, shall be adjudged by the decrees of
the court of admiralty to be restored to the owner
or proprietor thereof, upon payment for, and in
lieu of, salvage of one eighth part of the true value
of such ship, vessel, goods, or merchandise, re-
spectively; and such salvage of one eighth shall
be divided and distributed in such manner and pro-
portion as is hereinbefore directed in cases of
prizes," &c. (43 George III, chap. 160.) The
American statute upon the subject is not dissimi-
lar. It provides "that when any vessel, other
than a vessel-of-war or privateer, or when any
goods which shall hereafter be taken as puze by
any vessels acting under authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or under author-
ity, or pretense of authority, from any prince,
