THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1861.
New Series No, 5.
showing ihat we had had but an imperfect knowl-
edge of his character. Brave, daring, gallant, as
we knew him to be, we thought he would inter-
pose no objection to the fight. Wc combatted his
arguments as best we could;but they left on each
of us a deep impression. But for that conversa-
tion, no adjustment of the difficulty would have
been made. Having returned to the Hall of the
House of Representatives, General Dawson, then
a Senator from*the State of Georgia, came to my
seat and expressed a desire to speak with me in
the rotunda. I went there with him. He said,
" We can settle this thing." I agreed to try with
him to settle it. But for the conversation which
had taken place a few moments before, in which
Colonel Baker had taken such a conspicuous part,
I should have rejected the proposition at once. I
will not relate the whole history of that transac-
tion, but will only say that it was adjusted with-
out dishonor to Colonel Bissell.
Mr. Speaker,Colonel BAKEitlias fulfilled the pro-
phetic words which he uttered on this floor in 1850.
He said at the conclusion of one of his speeches:
" L have only to say that if the time should come when
disunion rules the hour and di&cord is to reign supreme, I
shall again he ready to give the best blood in my veins to
my country's cau e. I shall be prepared to meet all antag-
onists with lance in rest, to do battle in eveiy land in de-
fense of the Constitution of the country which t have swoin
to support, to the last extremity, against disuniomsts and all
its enemies, whether of the South or North; to meet them
eveiywhcre, at all times, with speech or hand, with woid
or blow, until thought and being shall be mine no longer."
He has fulfilled the prophecy.
The people of Illinois felt as deep anguisii in
the death of Colonel Baker as did the people on
the distant shores of the Pacific, or as any people
in this nation. He was bound to them by many
ties. Hismothcrresidesamongthem. Hisbrother
and sister are there. His early manhood's strug-
gles and triumphs were there. He led her sons
in the hour of battle to victory. They honored
him by conferring on him places in the Legislature
and in Congress, and he reflected honor on them
by the brilliancy of intellect which he brought to
the discharge of his duties.
Death has been busy with that bright array of
intellect which shone so brightly in the State of
Illinois in our times. We have mourned at the
graves of Harden and Ford and Harris and Bis-
sell, and of our cherished leader, Douglas; and
now we mourn at the grave of Baker. The gems
have dropped away from that circle. Some of its
biightest stars have been stricken out and obscured.
A few years must sweep away from existence those
who have been the rivals and compeers of the illus-
trious dead; and, sir, if the survivors can bring
a nation sorrowing around their graves as have
done those who have gone before them to the tomb,
we shall have cause to rejoice in them.
I can say, from my knowledge of Colonel
Baker, that he was the manly and courteous op-
ponent, the unselfish friend, the statesman with-
out reproach, the brilliant orator, the gallant sol-
dier. In obedience to his orders, in compliance
with his duties, at the head of his command,
standing beneath the flag, in support of the Con-
stitution of the country, he has fallen, and gone
to his rest forever. He has faithfully discharged
his duties to his country and to mankind.
Mr. SARGEANT. Mr. Speaker, with unaf-
fected sadness 1 rise to add a few words of tribute
to the memory of my deceased friend, although
little remains to be said by way of biography, or
even of eulogy. I speak with intimate knowledge
of the man from long association socially and po-
litically—from a sympathy with his principles,
and active cooperation with him in many of his
undertakings. Tame and dull seem any words
of culo<ry applied to that splendid intellect, that
valorous heart, unless they could be conceived in
his own brain of fire, and uttered by his affluent
tongue. But
His signal deeds and prowess high
Demand no pompous eulogy —
Ye saw hi- deeds !
Why should then piai-o in verse be sungr
The name that dwells on every tongue
No minstiol needs !"
5
His faults, which were few, were those of the
generous and social; his virtues were many and
heroic. Deeply ingrained in his nature was a love
of freedom; a reverence for free institutions, free
labor, free men; a pleasure in the elevation of the ,
masses that no demagogue can appreciate. Hence
his noblest efforts of oratory and richest gems
of thought are found in those orations where he
appealed directly to his people to be true to the
principles of American liberty, and reminded
them of the privileges of freemen. Hear him,
after the goal of his ambition was won, the highest
position his birth enabled him to fill, as he gives
the key-note of his whole political life. He said,
at San Francisco, when on his way to take his
seat in the United States Senate:
"As for me, I dare not, will not, be false to freedom.
Where the feet of my youth were planted, there, by free-
dom, my feet shall ever stand. I will walk beneath her
banner; I will gloiy m her strength. I have watched her
in hiistoiy struck down on a bundled chosen fields of bat-
tle. I have seen her ft lends fly from her; her foes gather
around her. I have seen her bound to the stake; 1 have
seen them give her ashes to the winds. But wben they
turned to exult, T have, seen her again meet them face to
face, lesplendent, in complete steel, brandishing in her
stiong light hand a flaming sword, red with insufferable
light. I take courage. The people gather around her. The
genius of America will at last lead her sons to freedom."
Seizing upon the Republican party, in 1856,as
theexponent ofthese his cherished convictions, in
advance of nearly all other leaders, he traversed
our hills and valleys and talked to the miners and
farmers of the dignity of that free labor by which
they had created a State, and magically illustrated
the great issues of that contest. His prophetic
mind, even at that early period, looked forward
to the troubles with which we now contend. Hu
appreciated the baleful effects that would be pro-
duced by the advancing, aggressive slave power
of this nation, even to the destruction of the Union
and Constitution; for he was learned in the hearts
of men, and his penetrating mind had not been
deceived by the specious pretenses of the men
who even then cloaked treason with a fair exte-
rior. Therefore he sought to prepare the minds
of the people for effectual resistance to its usurp-
ations. He was in advance of the age in that
remote State; but such labors could not fail of
effect. Those who have hcaid in the other Cham-
berhis noble defense of the integrity of this Union
against its assailants, who have seen his logical
sword piercing to the dividing of the joints and
marrow of the controversy, have an idea of the
keenness of his intellect and the felicity of his
language. But his electric power oyer the masses
was yet superior to any force he wielded in such
debates. He appealed to their better natures in
behalf of their bestinte rests,and he aroused them
to tumultuous enthusiasm or subdued them to
tears at his will. I do but strict justice to his
memory when I say that California is largely
indebted to Edward D. Baker that she is not to-
day within the grasp of secessionists, and that she
is represented no longer in this Hall by politicians
of the Calhoun school, but by men charged to
declare her unalterable fidelity to the Union.
Colonel Baker was eminently a leader of public
sentiment. With his gallant and daring nature
he would never follow, would not timorously feel
after public opinion. He was always in the van.
Therefore, he never asked if a measure was pop-
ular as a condition of his support; he only cared
if it was right. No matter how great might be the
public opposition to any measure he deemedjust
and beneficial, he was not deterred from its sup-
port, but only labored harder to secure its success.
Relying upon his great powers of intellect, the in-
fluence his unrivaled oratory enabled him to exert
over his fellows, bedashed against popular opposi-
tion, and frequently turned it back where other
men would have been trampled under foot. He had
a faculty of identifying himself with his audiences,
expressing their thoughts, leading their sympa-
thies, speaking from their level with mingled sim-
plicity and dignity, that dissolved prejudice and
captivated their hearts. Possessed of enormous
power for good or evil, the admiration that fol-
lows his memory is mingled with love and grati-
tude that he deyoted his r^re gifts to the good of
humanity and to the noblest patriotism.
His original and fearless mind could be bu.t
little controlled .by party ties. He loo&e^ through
party to principles. His spirit was eminentjy
catholic. He gladly welcomed co-laborers, com-
ing from whatever source, and gave his services
to elevate his nominal opponents. Calling him-
self a Republican, and sincerely such in principle,
he was anxious to unite all who agreed in essen-
tials. He set the example, in his political action
and speeches, of discarding prejudices and minor
distinctions from that true policy which best
serves and advances vital interests. Hence he
disregarded party names, to fight by the side of
his friend Broderick, when that noble Senator
returned to California, after his first session, with
the thunders of the Administration leveled at his
head,for his opposition to its corruptions and to
the extension of slavery. And when Mr. Brod-
erick fell, a martyr to his devotion to human lib-
erty, Colonel Baker's oration over his body, in
the hearing of weeping thousands, in the public
square in San Francisco, had the intensity of grief
of that of Maic Antony over the body of Ceesar:
((My heart is in the coffin there, with Caesar,
And I must pause till it come back to me.s>
And there is a passage in that noble oration al-
most foreign to the gentle nature of the late Sen-
ator, as he spoke of the patientgrief of the people,
who hung upon his words, over the inestimable
loss, that recalls the bitterness of those other words
of the Roman orator—
" But were I Brutus,
And Brutus Antony, there weie an Antony
Would ruffle up your spiiits, and put a tongue
In every wound of Caesar, that should move
The stones of Itome to rise in mutiny!"
Was not the great champion of liberty slain ?
The labor of years destroyed in an hour? The
first victory of freedom turned to bloody disaster ?
What wonder that, mingled with his eloquent
sorrow, were thoughts of that vengeance that
strikes like the thunderbolts of fate. Heart-broken
he turned from the scene, and his eloquent voice
was heard no more in our State until the blood of
Broderick had been best avenged by the triumph
of the principles for which he was slain.
Honored by a seat in the national Senate by
our sister State of the Pacific—a position which
weof California would gladly have conferred upon
him if we had had the power, and which he valued
as the most dignified and honorable that could be
bestowed—with frue patriotism and noble gal-
lantry he laid his position, his fortune, and his life
upon the altar of his adopted country, and fell, as a
patriotwarrior should, contending against its foes.
It is true, that he fell in an objectless fight; that no
commensurate result followed the great sacrifice;
but not the less noble the patriotism that animated
him. Where shall we look in the annals of this
or any war for a more heroic display of sublime
courage than was exhibited on the disastrous day
that witnessed his death, as he moved from rank
to rank of his feeble command, encouraging his
comrades by cheerful words, calmly directing their
efforts, sharing their toil and utmost danger, his
majestic form the mark of every hostile bullet,
yet disdaining precaution, the gallant leader of a
forlorn hope, with death alike in front and rear,
entrapped into a position where victory and re-
treat were alike impossible, and surrender worse
than death? With the immediate cause of his
sacrifice, with that fatal and ill-advised movement
at Ball's Bluff, I do not intend to deal. I doubt
not the disasters of that day have impressed their
lesson where it was needed, and there I am con-
tent at present to leave them. Pity it is, that that
lesson has cost us so dear.
With the many elements of the sublime in his
nature, he was eminently kind and friendly. His
disposition was social, his heart open and cheer-
ful as the day. He was approachable to the hum-
blest, sincere in his friendships, mindful of favors,
liberal in return. No enemy could provoke him
to hatred, no ally complain of treachery. He was
indebted as much to the sincerity of his nature,
