3008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30.
Government, or State* against which the United
States have authorized, or shall authorize, defense
or reprisal, such vessels or goods not having been
condemned by competent authority before recap-
ture thereof, the same shall be restored to the
former owner or owners, he or they paying for,
and in lieu of salvage, if retaken by a public ves-
sel of the United States, one eighth part, and if
taken by a private vessel of the United States,
one sixth part of the true value thereof." (Act
March 3,1800, chap. 14.) Thus it will be seen,
from the provisions of the statutes of this country
and England, that if a vessel be retaken from the
public enemy it is not to be regarded as good prize
to the recaptor, but is to be restored to the original
owner, he being a subject or citizen of the Gov-
ernment, on payment of salvage, unless such ves-
sel falls within the exceptions of the provisions.
The first question that necessarily arises in the
discussion of questions of this nature is the na-
tional character of the act of capture. The right
of rmuitime capture in independent sovereign na-
tions making war is undoubted. But tins right
is founded upon well-defined principles of national
law, and the validity of such capture is, in all
caaes, to be determined upon those principles. It
inessential to the vahdityofacapture that it should
be authorized by the recognized supremo power of
the State or nation, as contradistinguished from
the assumption of mere military occupation or
possession of insurgents. It is a right inherent
in the Government of independent nations, is part
of the war-making powei of Government, and can
only ho exert.ised by estrtbhshedsovereign author-
ity*" The question then naturally arues, have the
self-Ktyiei! u oonfederate .States"succeeded in ac-
quiring and establishing a national character, as
against the established Government of which they
were component parts ? it is sufficiently specific
to assort that the present stato of affairs origin-
ated in the conspiracy of a faction, in a section
of the nation, to sub vet ti ho Constitution and over-
throw ihcestublihlied Government. This conspir-
acy was, of course, a crime against the nation; the
insunociion which followed, and organized rebel-
lion which succeeded, gave no color of right; and
each successive step in the foul plot against the
public liberties and the constituted authorities,
from incipient disloyalty to armed revoltand mili-
tary occupation and usurped civil jurisdiction,are
tainted with crime, and, upon piinciple, confer no
risjht un ihe mHiugfttls, and are of no legal force or
effect u^uinst the established Government. The na-
tional character is wholly unaffected, unchanged,
by any one or all these nets of a rebellious people
combined, and individual rights of citizens unim-
paired, or rebellion mu«t be conceded to have boon
consummated and revolution effected.
The war, on the part of the 44 confederate .States,"
it eaniu>{ he controverted, is a war of a revolting
people against (he established Government, in
which, as against that Government, they do not
aoquite the nghty of belligerents until they suc-
eoKKfuily establish their independence; and es-
pecially they do not acquire one of the principal
ntliigerentrightN, that of destroying the,commerce
of the enemy. On this principle is the distinc-
tion recognised by international law, that a contest
by force between different members of the same
Government is public war on the part of the es-
tablished authority, and pi i vale on the part of those
who re.51.st such auihoiity. The general principle
contended fm has always been recognized in the
Buusls admiralty counts and by the court of ap-
peals. It was fully considered m the case of the
Manilla, in 1807. (Edwurdb's Adm. Rep. 1.) The
question arose upon the national character of St.
Domingo, then under (he dominion of France. The
peculiar circumstances of the island were these:
several parts ofi thud been wrested from the mother
euuntiy of Prance by the insurgent negroes; had
been iu their actual possession;and had been de-
tached from the. parent nation and its authority;
and they had maintained within these parts an ni-
di pendent government of their own. It was con-
tended, therefore, that St. Domingo could not be
consideied us a colony of Fiance. The court of
appeals held that, inasmuch as the British Gov-
ernment had done nothing to lecogni/.e the inde-
pendence of the island, it must still be held to be
the colony of France. Mr. Ilalleck, m his treatise
on international law, says, £< revolution or pos-
session by insurgents cannot be regaided by a
prize court as changing the national character of
the territory so occupied or possessed, until the
fact has been recognized by the political author*
ity of the Government to which the court belongs.
It always belongs to the Government of the coun-
try to determine in what relation any other coun-
try stands towards it; that is a point upon which
the courts of justice cannot dccide." (Pellican 1,
Ed. Appd. D\)
In a late case in England, Yrisarri vs. Clement,
(3 Btng., 439,) where the national character of
Chili and Buenos Ayres was put in issue, the court
say: "the existence of an acknowledged State
must be proved by evidence. The proof necessary
to establish the fact of the existence of such States
is, that they are associations formed for mutual
defense, who acknowledge no other authority but
their own Government, observe the rules of justice
to the subjects of other States, live friendly under
their own'laws, and maintain their independence
by their own force." The same principle was rec-
ognized by the Supreme Court of the United States
in the case of Gelston t>s. Hoyt, (3 Wheat., 323.)
It arose on the statute of 1794, the provisions of
which inflict a forfeiture of the ship, &c., when
fitted out and armed with the intent to be em-
ployed " in the service of any foreign prince or
State, to cruise or commit hostilities upon the sub-
jects, citizens,or property of another foreign prince
or State with whom the United States are at peace.''
The proof offered was to show that the ship was
attempted to befitted outandarmcd,and wasfitted
out and armed, with intent that she should be em-
ployed in the service of that part of the island of
St. Domingo which was then under the govern-
ment of Potion, to cruise and commit hostilities
upon the subjects, citizens, mid property of that
part of the island of St. Domingo which was then
under the governmentofChristophe. No evidence
was offered to prove that either of these govern-
ments was recognized by the Government of the
United States, or of France, the mother country,
as a foreign Power or State. " No doctrine is bet-
ter established," say the court, " than that it be-
longs exclusively to Governments to recognize
new States in the revolutions that may occur in the
world; and that until such recognition, either
by our own Government or the Government to
which the new State belonged, courts of justice
are bound to consider the ancient state of things as
remaining unaltered."
The question was again before the court inKen-
nett cl al. vs. Chambers, in 1852, upon facts involv-
ing the then recent relations of Texas and Mexico.
The former had declared itself independent of
the latter, had achieved its independence in fact,
and was maintaining a separate Government, but
the established Government of which it was an
integral part had not acknowledged its independ-
ence, nor had the Government of the United States
acknowledged Texas as an independent State.
The court used this language: "it belongs ex-
clusively to the political department of the Gov-
ernment to recognize or to refuse to recognize a
new Government in a foreign country, claiming to
have displaced the old and established a new one;
until the political department of the Government
acknowledged the independence of Texas, the ju-
diciary were bound to consider the old order of
things as having continued." The executive de-
portment of the Government held similar views as
to the relations between Mexico and Texas, and the
duty of our own Government as to both. The Pres-
ident, in a message to Congress in December, 1836,
in lehition to the conflict between Mexico and
Texas, said: " all questions relative to the Gov-
ernment of foreign nations, whether of the Old
or New World, have been treated by the United
States as questions of fact only, and our predeces-
sorshave constantly abstained from deciding upon
them until the clearest evidence was in their pos-
session to enable them to decide correctly." "The
acknowledgment of a new State as independent
and entitled to a place in the family of nations, is
at all times an act of great delicacy and responsi-
bility, but more especially so when such State has
forcibly separated itself from another of which it
tormed an integral part, and which still claims do-
minion over it. It is true, with regard to Texas,
the civil authority of Mexico has been expelled,its
invading army defeated, tho chief of the republic
himself captured,and all present power to control
the newly-organized Government of Texas anni-
hilated within its confines," yet the Federal Ex-
ecutive cautioned the Congress against the recog-
nition of its independence, and denied, itall rights
as an independent State.
But it was deemed needless to accumulate au-
thorities upon this point. However other nations
or States may choose to treat this most causeless
rebellion, the established Government must neces-
sarily regard the self-styled ** confederate States"
as having established no national character or
rights of dominion over territory within its limits.
Nor will it be influenced by that factitious exhibi-
tion of power which seems to inducc favorable
notice from foreign nations, which, to the people
of the United States is evidence only of the singu-
lar forbearance of the national Government, not
of the real strength of the insurrection. It is said
that these States are entitled, for the time being,
at least, to the rights of lawful belligerents, that
they may rightfully capture and confiscate vessels
of our citizens, without subjecting the captors to
the penalties of piracy under the laws of the Uni-
ted States. Against such view of the subject it is
submitted that the Government is fully committed,
and has been from the beginning, and must needs
adhere to its position, as it would respect its own
authority and the rights of its loyal citizens. In
his proclamation of the 19th of April, 1861, the
President of the United States denominated the
disturbance then existing in these States "an in-
surrection against the Government of the United
States," and declared that the persons engaged
therein had, " by a most unwarrantable assump-
tion of the rights of lawful belligerents, threatened
to issue letters of marque, authorizing them to
whom granted to assault the persons and seize and
confiscate the vessels and piopeity of citizens of
the United States engaged in commerce upon the
high seas;" and further, " that if any person, un-
der the pretended authority of said States, or under
any other pretense, should molest a vessel of the
United States, or the persons or cargo on board
of her, such person would be held amenable to the
laws of the United States for the prevention and
punishment of piracy.
The citizen whose rights of property have been
violated by force of this most " unwarrantable as-
sumption of the lights of belligerents, "and whose
property has been retaken, and is detained by the
agents of the Government, may well crave that
security which this most salutary decree of the
Chief Executive of the nation seemed to promise.
That proclamation is a solemn and impressive no-
tice to the nation and the woild of the purpose and
policy of the Government, and of what was ex-
pected of the people. It was a fresh pledge of the
national faith to each citizen that the law of piracy
would be enforced against the domestic enemy,
and that property and the rights of property would
be protected to the loyal citizen. It was a high
official affirmation for the integrity of the nation
and the enforcement of the laws for the protection
and security of the rights of person and property
of all the citizens, and not a sounding and in-
effectual menace of the enemies of the domestic
peace. But the citizen whose appeal is to his own
Government may properly invoke in his behalf
that fundamental principle of the social compact
which enjoins upon civil society the duty to pro-
tect its members in the enjoyment of their rights
of property. It can never be conceded by the
Government of the United States that the property
of its citizens within its limits and jurisdiction,
employed in lawful trade, in conformity to pre-
scribed commercial regulations,may become prize
of war by the acts ofits own citizens.
It is difficult to perceive how a claim which di-
vests the loyal citizen of his rights of property
while pursuing an authorized employment under
the cstaWished regulations of the supreme power
through The intervention of a self-constituted and.
usurped authority within the national jurisdiction
can be made,except upon the assumption that the
established nation may lose its general character
as a Government overa portion of its territory by
a temporary uprising of its parts, be deprived of
thatdonnnion which is the essential trait of sover-
eignty, and the insurgents thereby invested with a
divided sovereignty. Such concession,as the re-
sult of domestic violence, would be a grant of afatal
change in the national character, and revolution
accomplished. That a large section of the coun-
try had been in the actual possession of the insur-
gents; that they had temporarily overthrown the
Federal authority in several States, and set up a
government of their own, is not decisivo or im-
