•2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
Mr. Speaker, another point.has been discussed
in reference to this bill, as to the effect of the con-
ditions and reservations in the grants of land to (he
General Government made by Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, and others of the existing States of the
Union. I understood my colleague [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling] to concede that although the grants of
these dock-yards,arsenals,&c., were made to the
General Government on the express condition that
Congress should pass no law tending to emanci-
pate the slaves in such district or place, yet as
Congress had, by the Constitution, exclusive ju-
risdiction over whatever territory was granted to
the General Government, we might disregard the
condition of the grant. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Roscoe Conkling] to concur in that view of
the subject; and I should be exceedingly reluctant
to disagree with my colleague, especially after the
indorsement of his legal acquirements which he
got from the gentleman from Illinois. But it does
Strike me that if the grant was made on that con-
dition, and if the condition be violated, the grant
is void, and would be held void by every enlight-
ened court, unless such condition was held to be
against public policy. The condition would not
fail. But I throw that out merely as an opinion
of first impression, entitled to very little weight,
doubtless, with this House.
But, Mr. Speaker, about the question of good
faith, which I suppose is about as obligatory on
the House as the question of law, there certainly
can be no doubt at all. That all concede. And
while I should be as glad as any one on this floor
to see the institution of slavery at least so crip-
pled that it will never henceforward be a disturb-
ing cause in the administration of the Govern-
ment, I, for one, will not consent to step an inch
beyond the plain guarantees of the Constitution
to accomplish even that purpose. Our only jus-
tification in the eyes of the civilized world for this
warfare going on in our midst is, that we stand
here, in obedience to law, in defense of the Con-
stitution and law; and the moment we lay aside
that shield of protection, and prosecute this war
for other purposes, whatever result may bo
wrought out by the prosecution of the war, it
would be a wicked war. It would be, on every
principle of Christianity, an unjustifiable war.
Our only defense before God, posterity, and the
world is that wo fight in defense of the laws, not
for their subversion.
The wickedness of this rebellion consists not
in the fact that it is treason, always held to be a
crime all the world over. Its chief enormity con-
sists in the fact that it is treason against such a
Government as this, based on the common con-
sent of the governed, with provision in the fun-
damental law to alter, change, or modify that Gov-
ernment in a peaceful way, and by forms of law.
Tf such a Government can be overthrown byforee
and violence, there is an end to all government
except that of despotism and the sword. Hence
it is that rebellion against such a Government as
this is of a deeper and moie damnable dye than
any other that has yet stained the annals of his-
tory. And yet, anxious as I am to see this Gov-
ernment maintained, 1 would invoke a careful con-
sideration to every act of plighted faith, to every
constitutional guarantee which we have so often
solemnly pledged ourselves to observe. 1 beg you
to remember our strength is in the rigid observ-
ance of them. When we depart from them other
men will speedily fill our places—men who arc
more prudent, more wise, and better fitted to con-
duct the affairs of our Government—or else that
anarchy will ensue which this rebellion was de-
signed to inaugurate throughout the country, In
my judgment, it will be the part of wisdom for us
to consider well how we shall conduct ourselves in
the crisis through which the country is now pass-
ing. While we demand obedience, let us also ob-
serve the law. I thank the House, and the Speaker,
particularly, for the patience with which my re-
marks have been listenecLto.
Mr. CRISFIELD obtained the floor.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman yield
to me, that I may submit a motion that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to Monday
next? 3
Mr. CRISFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have not
risen for the purpose of entering on the line of
debate which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Arnold] has invited us to. We have, and have
had, sir, too much angry discussion on thisfloor,
now and in times past. The country is to-day
reaping the bitter fruits springing, in great de-
gree, from the violence of debate which has been
indulged in here. In this hour of the nation's
calamity,.we should strive to allay agitation, to
soften and remove the 'irritation and antipathy
which have arisen from the sectional controver-
sies and ambition. I feel that it is no time for me
to indulge in such a reply as the remarks which
have fallen from the gentleman from Illinois justly
merit. I will not add one single spark to the
flame which is now consuming the vitals of the
Republic. I have risen for the purpose of pour-
ing oil on the troubled waters, of trying to arrest
a dangerous and ill-timed measure, and, if it be
possible, to bring the country back again to peace
and harmony and good-will. I desire to call the
attention of the House, and the gentlemen who
differ with me in opinion as to the best mode of
treating this rebellion, to the provisions of this
bill, to point out to them the effect it will produce
upon the slave States, and to put it to their patri-
otism and justice whether it is proper that such a
bill should be passed, under the existing circum-
stances. .
We are in the midst of a dreadful war. That
war has not arisen, as the gentleman from Illinois
says, from slavery, but unfortunately slavery is
wrongly made the instrument by which it is car-
ried on. Political causes produced it, but both
sides have seized upon slavery as apoint ofattack
and defense, until the whole country has become
fearfully and painfully agitated. Now, what do
you by this bill propose? You are attempting to
pass a bill on this delicate and dangerous subject
which, if passed in the form now presented, will
work the present excitement into frenzy, destroy
the peace of the country, and revolutionize the
Constitution itself. Sir, there is scarcely a pro-
vision of it which, although it may he consistent
with the letter, is not a violation of the spirit of
that instrument, the only ark of national safety.
You ha've no power to interfere with slavery in
the States. You say you have not. You have
so pledged yourselves before the world, and you
profess your intention to adhere to that pledge.
Do you do so in passing this bill? Your pledge
is not simply to refrain from passing an act which
in words abolishes slavery in the States where it
now exists, but fidelity to it requires you not to
interfere with it, not to impair it, not to do by in-
direction that which the letter of the Constitution
forbids you to do.
This bill proposes to abolish slavery in all the
places in the States, purchased and ceded to the
United States, for the erection of forts, magazines,
dock-yards, and otherneedful buildings, on every
vessel on the high seas, and on national highways
out of the States, from which and to which they
are going. And you declare by this bill that sla-
very shall cease and be prohibited forever in all
of them, and wherever this Government has juris-
diction and power; and every slave held, or here-
after attempted to be held there, you declare to be
free unconditionally. If you carry out this pur-
pose all those places will become asylums of such
•slaves as may choose to escape there; and such
slaves will be forever beyond the reach of the
owner, for there is no law now to meet the case
of such fugitive, and you will pass none. In my
own State we have, under the very shadow of its
capital, a beautiful spot, ceded to this Government
for a naval school. Upon that spot naval science
is taught; there your officers acquired that knowl-
edge and skill which insure victory in every con-
test, and now give immortal honor to the coun-
try. That spot you acquired by the consent of
the Legislature of Maryland. You acquired it
with the knowledge that Maryland was a slave
State. When you sought it you gave no intima-
tion, you made no declaration that slavery was to
be excluded from it. You took it there in the very
capital of the State, and reposing in your justice
and good faith, we gave it freely; and now you
propose to make it an asylum to which her slaves
may escape and their owners be defrauded of their
just rights. You say to the State of Maryland, if
one of your slaves comes upon this spot, which
you have generously and confidingly granted to
this Government for a great national object, in her
own capital, as soon as he passes the gate he is
under military authority, anu his master shall not
again claim his service or labor. You say to
Maryland that you will plant in her very heart a
system in violation and destructive of the policy
-which she thinks fit to establish, as of right she
may, for her own interest.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, who have sworn to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and
who have repeatedly declared that they have no
right and no power to interfere with slavery where
it exists in the States, how they can reconcile
such a measure as this with their oaths and their
pledges? You may as well enter upon the soil of
Maryland at once, and, without qualification, by
your vote liberate all the slaves there, as to at-
tempt, by this indirect method, to accomplish the
same purpose. It would be far more manly, for
it would be meeting the responsibility of the action
boldly. It would be telling the people of Mary-
land openly and in a frank and manly way what
your purpose is.
But this is not all. You propose to carry this
law on board all vessels. By this bill you declare
that no slave shall be on board any vessel on the
high seas; if he do, as soon as he touches her deck
and goes beyond the jurisdiction of the State he
becomes free. This prevents the coasting trade.
No slave can go on shipboard from Charleston to
Savannah, or from Baltimore to New Orleans. Is
not that interfering with slavery in the States ? Do
you expect the people of the slave States will be
willing, by the action of this Government, to have
millionsof theirproperty taken from them by such
means? Do you expect them to remain quiet un-
der this gigantic provocation ? Is it good faith on
your part? Is ita fulfillment of your promise that
you would, under no circumstances, interfere with
slavery in the States where it exists? Is it con-
sistent with your oaths to support the Constitution?
But, sir, this bill goes further still. You say
that slavery shall be abolished on national high-
ways, and any slave passing upon one of these
national highways beyond the jurisdiction of the
States from and to which he may be going shall
be free.
What are national highways ? Your rivers are
highways, and if a river passes from one State
through another State, into a third, and a slave
embarks upon a steamboat for any State beyond
the one immediately near to the place of depart-
ure, as soon as he passes over the State boundary
he is to be declared free. This is a flat denial ot
the right of transit through a State, made by this
Government, a pretention now for the first time
set up. It makes free soil of the Mississippi, and
prevents the slave owner of Kentucky from mov-
ing with his slaves to any of the States south or
west of Tennessee, without the loss of his prop-
erty. By such attempt the slave is by this bill
at once released from all claim to his service or
labor.
Well, sir, to what else do you refer by the term
national highways ? Do you mean post roads ? Do
you mean the roads on which the mails are car-
ried? Then when you start with your slava to
go over one of these post roads, and you do go
beyond the limits of the State in which you live,
over another, and into a third State, the moment
you cross the line of your own State you liberate
your slave, and by this act he goes free.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 say to the gentlemen that
there is no such provision in the bill. It has been
stricken out.
Mr. CRISFIELD. When was it stricken out?
I was not aware it had been. But, sir, it is the
principle running through the bill to which 1 ob-
ject. It is an indirect attack upon slavery in the
States. Its purpose is to destroy it there. It is
doing by indirection that which you acknowledge
you have no power to do directly. It is not keep-
ing, in word nor in spirit, the pledge which you
have made to the country; nor is it consistent with
that instrument which we have all sworn to sup-
port.
Mr. Speaker, what effect is this measure going
to have? Do you believe the people of fifteen
States of this Union are going to stand this thing ?
Do you believe the people of fifteen States ought
to stand it? You concede to them the right to de-
cide for themselves the question whether they will
have this institution or not. I care not whether
