THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5.
It is for the year ending June 30,3862. It is im-
possible that the Senate could, with an under-
standing of the facts, have struck out the appro-
priation, which is simply intended to compensate
an officer in the service of the Government, who
has performed service of a most valuable char-
acter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether the
deficiency is not this: that the last House of Rep-
resentatives refused to appropriate money to pay,
this salary, on the ground that the office had, by
limitation of law, ceased to exist? This bill, I
understand, contains not only an appropriation
for this deficit of $2,000, but also an appropriation
for the current year. The same argument was
made use of in the other branch of Congress, that
this was a deficit; but it was met by the statement
that the office had ceased to exist,by limitation of
the law creating it, and that, therefore, if service
was rertdered it was in defiance of law, and for the
purpose of creating an argument in favor of the
payment. On that ground the Senate struck out
the appropriation. I understand—and I make that
inquiry of the gentleman from Missouri, to see if
I am not correct—that by virtue of the law cre-
ating the officc, or some law in some way or other
modifying the duties of the office, the office itself
has ceased to exist prior to the last preceding
year.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In response to the
question of the gentleman, I will state that the
officc did not cease to exist absolutely under the
law. The Secretary of the Interior had it in his
discretion and authority to close the office; but he
found it impossible to close it, because the busi-
ness of the office required it still to remain open.
It was impossible to close the business, and there-
fore, in his discretion, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior directed that it should not be closed. That
is the state of facts in relation to this matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did not the law expressly
authorize him to discontinue the office?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It did; but it also
authorized him to keep itopen so long as the public
service required,
Mr. HOLMAN. Did not the act creating the
office fix a time at which it should be closed, which
time has expired ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The facts are as I
have stated. I hope the House will non-concur
in the amendment of the Senate. I withdraw my
amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 18, line fourteen, strike out as follows :
For compensation of the surveyor general ol Utah, $4,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 39, stiike out the following word-?:
For compensation of the suivevor genera! of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, and the clerks m'lus office, $7,OUO.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended noii-concurrcnce in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 20, strike out liars eight, nine, ten, and eleven, as
follows:
Foi rent of the surveyor gcneinPs officc in the Teiritory
of Nevada, iuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, $2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Page -21, in line ."even, insert as follows:
For compensation of additional clerks, messengers, and
laborers m the officer of the Secretary of War, Adjutant
Geneial, Suigeon General, Quartomaster General, Pay-
mallei General, Chief Engineer, Chief ot Oidnancc, and
Commivsmy Geneial, appointed undet authoi ity of act of
January 27, 1862, $G3,3oO.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Pace 24. after line twelve, insert as follows:
Fo> compensation of additional clerks in the office of the
Rccietary ol the Navj, appointed under duthoiltv Ot act of
the ^7tli Januaiy, 1862* $4.&00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Page 27, in line ten, strike out "$30,000" and insert
$50,000" in the following clause of the bill:
For incidental and contingent expenses, including repairs
and wastage, $30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. To what does that refer ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To the mint at
Philadelphia.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Page 28, line thirteen, strike out i( $1.5,000," and insert
in lieu thereof " $20,000 so that the clause, as amended,
would read:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $20,000.
And strike out: " Provided, That the surplus, if any, of
said appropriation may be used for the repaii of the palace
buildings and the revision of the laws of New Mexico;"
and insert in lieu thereof the fhllovving:
Provided, That $5,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, shall be used to revise and print the laws of
New Mexico.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out " $20,000" and inserting " $15,000," and by
striking out the proviso.
Mr. Chairman, 1 offer the amendment merely
for the purpose of asking my friend from New
Mcxico, who I see standing near me, or the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether this increase of the appropriation from
$15,000 to $20,000 is not in reality a separate ap-
propriation for the purpose of revising and print-
ing the laws of New Mexico? That I understand
to be the effect of the amendment. I wish, then,
to inquire whether it has been the practice of the
General Government to pay for such work for the
other Territories ? Ifit has, I have nothing to say;
but if it has not, it seems to me this is not the time
to begin such a practice, which is to result in an
increased expenditure upon the part of the Gov-
ernment.
1, therefore, desire this information; and ifit
has not been the practice of the Government here-
tofore, I hope the increase of appropriation will
be stricken out. It seems to me, inasmuch as the
General Government pays the salaries of all the
officers in these Territories, and all their legis-
lative and nearly all the contingent public ex-
penses, we ought not to be asked to pay for revis-
ing and reprinting their laws. I am in favor of
placing New Mexico upon the same footing with
all the other Territories, and therefore I make this
inquiry. I do not desire to inaugurate any new
policy in this direction at this time.
Mr. WATTS. I will state to the member from
Indiana who has just taken his seat, that this
amendment was proposed in the Senate, and
passed by that body, on account of the inadequacy
of the present appropriation to answer the pur-
poses designed.
'I believe it has been the custom of the Govern-
ment of the United States, in all the Territories,
wherever it becomes necessary, to pay for a re-
vision of the laws the same as it does for the pub-
lication of the laws. Every law that is passed by
aTerritorial Legislature is published at the cost of
the United States Government; and whenever it
becomes neccssary that there should be a revision
of the laws of a Territory, it becomes the duty of
the United States to make provision for having
that revision made. It lias been done in all cases,
so far as my knowledge or information extends,
for many years past.
There is a great necessity for this work being
done in New Mexico at this time. The pamphlet
edition of the laws which has been published from
year to year has become exhausted; and a full
copy of the laws since the last revision can hardly
be found in the whole Territory. The Attorney
General and the Secretary of State have hereto-
fore been desirous of having this work done, but
there has been no fund out of which the expenses
could be defrayed; and for this reason it was added
to this appropriation in this bill.
The usual appropriation for these miscellaneous
items has been $20,000. But on account of the
economy with which the government has been
administered m that Territory, there has usually
been a small sum each year loft unexpended, which
has reverted to the Treasury of the United States.
The present year the Committee of Ways and
Means have reduced the amount to $15,000. We
now ask that the appropriation may be restored
to what it has been heretofore; and that if we can
manage to economize so as to save this small
amount, we may have the opportunity of devot-
ing it to this purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will ask the gentleman if
there was not an appropriation made a few years
ago for the purpose of revising the laws of New
Mexico ?
Mr. WATTS. There was a revision made in
1851 or 1852, which was paid for by the General
Government. Rut about once in ten years the
laws of the Territory get bad enough to make it
necessary that there should be a new revision.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Strike out the entire second section of the bill, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 2. Jlrtd be it further enacted, That in addition to the
clerical and other torccof the War Department, the follow-
ing clerks, messengers, laborers, and lion-comtmssioned
officers be, and are hereby, authorized to be employed
therein: Provided, That when Congress shall fail to make
appropriation lor the payment of said employes, the offices
shall be deemed thereby abolished.
Office ot the Secretary of War:
Two clerks of the thiid class and two clerks of the second
class.
Office of the Q.uanermaster General:
Two clerks of the third class, three of the second class,
five of the first class, and one messenger.
Office of the Commissary Geneial:
One clerk of the third class, two of the secoud class, and
one laborer.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
One clerk of the first cla-ss.
Office of the Surgeon General:
One laborer.
Office of the Paymaster Geneial:
Four clerks of the second class, four of the first class,
and one messenger.
Office of Chief of Oidnancc :
One clerk of the thiid clas>s, two of the second class, and
one of the first class.
Office of the Adjutant General:
Three clerks of class three, four of class two, thirteen of
class one, and ten non-commissioned officers from the
Auny; and the sum of $70,000 is hereby appropriated for
that purpose.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Page 37, line one, change "section three" to " section
two."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Page 37, aftei line six, insert:
For keeping in repair and paitially furnishing the Post
Office building, to be expended under the direction of the
Postmaster General, {$20,000.
For.paper and punung blanks for the Executive Depart-
ments, §30,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Page 37, line sixteen, strike out five," and insert m lieu
thereofkCfourso that the clause will read:
For twenty-four copies of the Concessional Globe and
Appendix lot each Membei and Delegate in the first leguiar
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $4,778 40.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Page 38, after line ten, insert:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, namely:
For compensation of three messengers appointed under
autliouty of a resolution of the Senate of July 19,1861,
#3,600.
For binding, §20,000.
For lithographing and engraving, $30,000.
For stationery, $'12,000.
For reporting pioccedings, $3,000.
For Congiessional Globe and Appendix, at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, $6,184 20.
For cleiks to committees, pages, horses, and carrvalls.
$7,000. ' '
For miscellaneous items, $30,000.
For Capitol police, $1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Page 38, stnke out linos eleven, twelve, thirteen, and
fomleen, as follows:
For expenses of the investigating committees of the
