1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
and beautiful column had been shattered in our'
midst ere-it was finished, and leaving an edifice
tottering for its support. It is as if we had sud-
denly stumbled upon the corpse of the dead Sen-
ator, not composed in the dignity of calm death,
with his robes about him, but mangled upon a
rent field, with the cloud of battle on his brow,
and its flush still flickering in his eye; with his
battle blade shivered in his hand,and the nation's
ensign torn from its staff, scorchcd and crimsoned
and trampled into the red earth beneath him. This
is the picture that starts fresh and ghastly before
us,and wecontemplate it with pallid surprise, with
the gush of first grief, and with a fierce indigna-
tion, for is know the hand that robbed usof'this
regal form and royal soul. And as we contem-
plate it, other forms marred by the hand of this
war come in funeral proccssion and range them-
selves about this grand figure.
There is the shadowed face of Ellsworth, whose
winged spirit bore him a step beyond frigid duty
to a murderer; yet that spot is a shrine, and the
dark edifice that holds it, is chipped away for
memorials and amulets and talismans. We now
know the meaning of that nameless shadow that
deepened his boyish beauty.
And Winthrop, radiant in young genius, with
his hilt wreathed with the offerings of poesy and
romance, rushing as blithely to battle and to death
as a young bridegroom to the couch of expectant
love.
And Lyon, from thefar-off Missouri, who hurled
his four or live regiments into the battle-embrace
of twenty thousand enemies, and grasped victory
out of the iron fangs of fate, and relinquished it
only to the hand of death. They throng about
us, pale and shadowy, from scores of fields of
glory and disaster.
Hundreds of our broad-browed, open-eyed
youths; without a taint in their blood or a stain
on their souls; pure as the mothers who bore them,
and beautiful as their sisters in their homes; have
been lost in fierce conflict, when individuality is
dropped, melted out in the fiery mass of molten
valor that roars and swells and breaks in red waves;
when wounds do not smart, and death does not
sting. Many—oh ! how many—in rude, dilapi-
dated hospitals and chilly tents, untended and un-
cared for, have passed away, solaced only by fever-
dreams of far-off homes, bringing the images of
cool hands and loved forms they shall meet never,
save in the silent land."
These were not enough! A higher sacrifice;
the highest the land could offer—he whom the
Constitution, written by our fathers, made the
peer of the President; and whom the constitution,
written by the finger of God, made the peer of the
proudest, living or dead—was demanded. And
then, in that narrow, fire-girt field, at the close of
that shortened autumn day, under that gray, piti-
less sky, amid defeat, disaster, and death, that
sacrifice was made. It was pcrfect. The sky cir-
cled 110 nobler victim. That man-form was swayed
by the brain of a statesman, and garneied the
wisdom of a sage, it was warmed by the heart
of a hero, and held the arm of a warrior. In it
burned the imagination of a poet, and its utter-
ances were with the tongue of an orator; and over
all reigned a soul almost angelic in its elevation.
The nation mourns her dead, and when, in the
anguish of this great loss, we contemplate the
measureless calamity of which it is a part, and
see the springs and causes and the hands that
worked this dire woe, demands for an almost re-
ligious vengeancc struggle for place and expres-
sion in our grief. We feel as if we should summon
hither our young legions, and bidding them dip
their weapons in this sacred blood, we should
huil them on the guilty land, to drive the plow-
share of utter destruction through a soil that reeks
with the feculence and slaver of all crime. That we
should here invoke that the rrd-visaged angel of
retributive wrath be loosened and sent to hover on
the pinions of fright and terror over that doomed
clime, and distill images of dire horror among
the ghastly, shivering, guilty wretches below.
Pardon me if such emotions should find no utter-
ance here where everything should be softened
and elevated to the tender grand sorrow of a great
nation in the presence of a great grief.
Mr. Speakei, what fruition is to spring from
all this wide, wild waste and desolation ? What
great fitting conclusion is to leap or grow from
this crushing of the caskets of so many priceless
lives? Are all these sacrifices to be in vain? or
may we gather from them inspiration and cour-
age and strength and stature, to confront and
grapple with the event that so overshadows and
dwarfs us all? or shall they, furnishing the only
light on the darkest page of American history , be
transmitted for the benefit of a better generation,
to whom that page shall tell the story of our visi-
tation and our opportunity, of the means before
us and our weakly turning from them? That
instead of our springing into the proportions of
giants,and doing giant's work, we dwindled and
driveled and shriveled and shrunk, and were
buried under a burden that wc could not carry.
This crowning loss shall be to all a loss, if, like
blinded men in darkened rooms, we waste our
strength and energy in buffeting shadows and
phantoms and shams that mock us as we smite.
Not in vain, if, with the one great object, we go
confidently forth into the field of God's provi-
dence, and in the clear, white light, read the in-
scription emblazoned on the front of this huge
treason, and apprehend the lesson it teaches.
Then, too, we shall find an ample means and a
golden opportunity, like severe-browed yet stay-
ing angels, awaiting our footsteps.
A nation mourns her dead, and questions while
she mourns.
Mr. Speaker, it was not needed that I should
add a single leaf to the rich and varied garlands
scattered with the profuse hand of national and
individual grief upon the resting-place of the dead
Senator. I had no ambition to bring a wrought
wreath; I only wished to lay upon or near it one
little broken spray.
The question was taken, and the resolutions
were adopted.
The House thereupon (at four o'clock and
twenty minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 12, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Col-
onel J. J. Abert, of the corps of topographical
engineers, praying relief in consequence of being
retired by the Army retiring board; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I deeire to present the pe-
tition of Isidor Kalisch, D. D., of New York, a
Jewish divine, asking the repeal of the law which
confines the selection of chaplains to ministers of
the Christian denominations,and that Jewish di-
vines be allowed to officiate as chaplains in the
Army and hospitals. I ask its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of Racine, Wiscon-
sin, praying for the establishment of a national
armory at that place, for the northwestern States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying that some point on
the Fox river, between Lake Winnebago and
Green Bay, in that State, may be selected as a
site for a national armory andfoundery; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the petition of
Pedro Chaboya, praying Congress to authorize
the Supreme Court of the United States to adju-
dicate and decide upon his claim to a tract of land
in California, called Posa de San Juan Bautista; j
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju- \
diciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL from the Committee on the
i Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
i 55) authorizing the President to fill vacancies in
! certain offices during the recess of the Senate,
! asked to be discharged from its further consider-
1 ation: which was agreed to.
Mr. NESM1TH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 99) to provide for the pro-
tection of overland emigrants to California,Oregon,
and Washington Territory, reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. COLLAMER. There has been referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, a'memorial of the Chamberof Commerce
of the State of New York, for the establishment
of a line of steamers from San Francisco to China.
Yesterday the same petition was presented by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,! who had
it referred to the Committee on Commerce. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
direct me to return the memorial that was referred
to them, with a motion that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
president's message.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution for printing ten thousand extra copies of
the President's message, to report an amended
resolution on the same subject.
The Secretary read the new resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents be printed,
omitting the statistical matter, anil one thousand copies
with the statistical matter, for the use of the Senate.
Resolved further, That there be printed in addition, for
the u e of the heads of Departments, one thousand eight
hundred copies of the message of the President and accom-
panying documents, with the statistics and maps; one
thousand copies ot which for distribution to public libraries
in the States mid Territories by the Secretary of the Inte-
noi; also, two thousand additional copies of the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affair?, for the use of his office;
one thousand copies of the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, for the use of his office; five
hundred copies of the report of the Commissioner of Public
Building*, for the use ot that office; five hundred copies
of the reports ol the otficeis in charge of the Government
Hospital for the Insane, for the use of said officers; five
hundred copies of the reports of the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, for the use of said offi-
cers; and five hundred copies of the reports ofthe officers in
charge of the Penitentiary for the District of Columbia, for
their use.
In order that the views of the Secietary of the Interior
upon the various subjects treated of in these reports may
be more fully understood,
Be it further resolved, That so much of his report be
printed therewith, as relates to the same subject.
The resolution was agreed to.
nayy register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the Navy Regis-
ter be printed lor the use of the Senate.
pupils at tiie naval academy.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous
conscnt, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of appointing the
pupils at the Naval Academy on the giound ot merit, to be
decided hy examination of all tlie candidates eligible in
each district.
arrests by order of tiie state department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its adoption:
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of State be directed to in-
form the Senate whether, in the loyal States of the Union,
any person or persons have been arrested and imprisoned
anil am now held in confinement hy orders fiom lum or iiis
Department; and, if so, under what law said ariests have
been made, and said persons imprisoned.
Mr. WILSON objected to its present consid-
eration, and it lies over, under the rule.
extension of pennsylvania a "venue.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Di^tuct of Colum-
bia be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing Pennsylvania avenue to Budge street, in Geoigetown,
by way of the aqucduet bridge.
message erom the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Robert Morris, chief clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following joint
resolutions:
A joint resolution (No. 16) relative to the ex-
change of piisoneis; and
A joint resolution (No. 20) expressive of the
recognition by Congress of the gallant and patri-
otic services of the late Brigadier General Na-
thaniel Lyon, and the officers and soldiers under
his command at the battle of Springfield, Missouri.
The message further announced that the House
