1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Isthequestion divisi-
ble ?
The CHA1RMAN. The Chair cannot see how
it can be divided'
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to submit a re-
mark or iwo in regard to this amendment. I do
not know whether I am in order now.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman desires
to oppose the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, he will be in order.
•Mr. PENDLETON. I would be very glad if
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means would so modify his motion as that we
may have a separate vote on these two proposi-
tions with which he proposes we shall non-con-
cur.
Mr. STEVENS. This came to us as one amend-
ment of the Senate, and I do not see how it can be
divided. If it goes back to a committee of con-
ference, it can be arranged in that way.
Mr. PENDLETON. I trust, Mr. Chairman,
if it is impossible to have a vote on these amend-
ments separately, that we shall take such acouise
in regard to them as that we may get a specific
vote on the appropriation to build a jail in this
District. I am as much opposed as anybody can
be to this very vicious system of legislation which
the Senate has adopted of putting on appropria-
tion bills sent to them' from the House amend-
ments which would not bo legitimate here, and
could not be ingrafted on the bills if offered here.
But as 1 see no prospect, either by a bill from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, or other-
wise, of taking steps to remove what I think a
nuisance in the city, a burning and lasting disgrace
to the District of Columbia, to the city that toler-
ates it and to the Congress that tolerates it, I hope
we may have an opportunity now, even in tins
objectionable manner, to vote on the proposition
to'crect here a new jail. I visited this jail on one
occasion when 1 was called there on business, and
* was shocked to see the condition m which pris-
oners of all grades, of both sexes, of all colors,
charged with all crimes, ate kept iheie, after con-
viction and before conviction. It is a place as bad
as the black hole of Calcutta. No citizen of the
United States should be kept there for an hour. I
do not hesitate to say, in my place here, that 1
should pieier that there would be a general jail
delivery, and that every man m the jail should* be
turned on ton the community, than that they should
be kept there twenty-four hours longer. I know
that gentlemen complain about this jail—some
who have not. seen it, some because fugitive slaves
are kept there. 1 say,sit, that for all men, whether
charged with crime or convicted of crime, whether
fugitive slaves or not, it is a burning disgiace to
Congress that the jail is allowed here, under the
very eaves of the Capitol, to be continued day
after day and month after month, as it has been,
i therefore hope that we will have an opportunity
now, as I see no prospect of any other chance, to
vote upon the amendment of the Senate, and com-
mence, at least, the removal of this nuisance from
our midst.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is debate on this
amendment exhausted ;
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. As thegcntleman
who moved the amendment did not speak in sup-
port of it, if he will allow me I will support it.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the parliamentary
rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is regarded
as having waived his right to support the amend-
ment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Isanotheramend-
ment in order now?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means ought to
be modified. I move to strike out of the Senate
amendment all in leference to the jail, and to in-
sert what has been repoited from tiie Committee
of Ways and Means
Mr. ROSCOU CONKLING. I move to amend
the amendment, by adding to it the last part of
what is sti icken out. I do so for the purpose of
saying that I concur with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pexdletox] m much that he has said with le-
gard to the inhumanity suffered at the jail by those
accused or crimcs, and the inhumanity practiced
on those accused of no crimes at all; and I under-
stand that a good many of the latter aie inmates
of this jail. I differ, however, Mr. Chairman,
with the gentleman from Ohio as to the hope that
he expresses that Congress will, as an amendment
to this bill, or in any other way, abate what he
deems a nuisance. I do not believe there can be
found on the map of the world another such mu-
nicipal mendicant as the city of Washington. Con-
gress paves the streets; and as far as Congress
paves them they are paved, and no further, if you
except two short patches of pavement on Seventh
street and C street. As far as Congress lights the
streets, they are lighted. As far as Congress drains
the streets, they are drained, and not much fur-
ther. We furnish their hospitals, their jails, their
asylums, their water works, and neatly every-
thing else that partakes of public convenience and
accommodation. And why? Why, in the name
of common sense, does not the city of Washington
have a suitable jail in which to shut up the pick-
pockets, the shoulder-hitters,the robbers and burg-
lars of the city of Washington ? Why should not
Washington maintain a jail? If Federal prisoners
arc confined there, just as the General Govern-
ment pays the State of Ohio by the week or by the
day for prisoners confined and subsisted in her
jails, so ought payment to be made heie. But why
should Congress build this jail?
Now, sir, so long as we pass railroad bills with
a percentage limit upon strangers, for the pur-
pose of sustaining the local schoolsof the city; as
long as we furnish hospital buildings and putfur-
niture in them,and then listen to demands that we
furnish medicines to give to the sick poor of the
city, you may rely upon it no plan or proposition
will ever be seriously entertained by the authori-
ties or people of the District to provide a jail or
anything else of the sort. No improvement will
be made in the jail, although it be crowded with
prisoners and filled with vermin, until the Con-
gress of the United States makes it and pays for
it. Why not let these people know that, like other
people, they are subject to fair taxation, and that
they are to bear their fair share of the burdens in
the ordinary manner, whether it be the main-
tenance of public peace, the preservation of local
order, the promotion of public convenience, or
anything else concerning the District or the cities
within its limits.
Again, Mr. Chairman, I hope we shall not ap-
propriate this $100,000 to build a jail, under the
pretense that any such sum is to complete it.
Three hundred thousand dollars is the smallest
sum that has ever been estimated for this purpose;
and estimates and plans have heretofore more
than once been submitted to Congress. It is said
that the jail is crowded now; it is so, but the crowd
is unusual, inconsequence of extraordinary causes
which will soon cease to exist—I hope long be-
fore a new jail can be built. If it is undcistood
by the people of this District that Congress will
not build a jail for them, they will set about it
themselves, and then there will be a jail in Wash-
ington as there is in New York and Albany and
Cincinnati anu in every other city where a jail is
needed, and it will be paid for in the same way.
For these and other considerations, 1 hope the.
amendment of the Senate will not be concurred in;
although I again agree with the gentleman from
Ohio that the jail, like many other things in the
city of Washington, is a dis^racc to the city, or
would be a disgrace to any city where the people
pretend to pay at all for their municipal privi-
leges.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to oppose the amend-
mcntsubmitted by the gentleman from New York
who has just taken his seat, and I do it for the
purpose of saying a word in lelation to the gen-
eral subject of the Senate amendment.
Mr. Ohaiiman, the gentleman from New York
agrees with me that the jail in this city is such a
nuisance as ought to be abated; that it is an out-
rageous nuisance, and that whoever is responsi-
ble for the erection of a new jail ought to set about
it immediately; and that is the point to which I
wish to address my remarks.
The reason why the people of the city of Wash-
ington cannot, of themselves, provide for all the
public accommodations that the people of other
cities do—and I do not controvert the fact that
i hey do not—is, that the Government of the Uni-
ted States here owns an immense amount of val-
uable property which does not go upon the tax
duplicate of the city. I will go with the gentle-
man from New York in any scheme which he
may devise, or the Committee for the District of
Columbia may devise, to place the property of the
Government within the limits of the District of
Columbia upon the tax duplicate of the city, and
then for requiring the people of the city to pay
their legitimate proportion of the expenses of their
own government, or I will go with him in taxing
the people of the District to pay for building a
new jail, if he will report a bill from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, of which he is
chairman, for that purpose.
I concur with him fully in the opinion that this
expense ought to be borne by the people of the
District. But, sir, we will never remove this nui-
sance, we will never remove this disgrace until the
Congress of the United States take the matter in
hand. We have the power to make the appropri-
ation for building the jail, and we have the power
to levy a tax upon the people of the District to pay
the expense of it. It may be and perhaps is true
that we should not make an appropriation for this
purpose without at the same time making pro-
vision to reimburse the Treasury of the United
States for the amount expended from the property
of the people of the District. I make no contro-
versy about that. And I repeat that if the gentle-
man from New York will bring in a bill placing the
property of the United States within the District
of Columbia upon the tax duplicate and allow it
to be taxed along with the property of the people
of the District for all municipal purposes, I will
go with him for the passage of such a measure and
then for making no appropriations for any purpose
properly pertaining to the municipal authorities of
the Distnctdirectly from the Treasury ofthe Uni-
ted States. If he will devise any scheme by which
the people here shall be taxed to pay their propor-
tion of the expenses, I will join hands with him.
But for the present, in order to accomplish a great
good, in order to remove a great disgrace, I hope
we will accept this amendment sent to us by the
Senate.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Many members have indi-
cated a desire to act separately upon the several
items of the Senate amendment. If there be no
objection, I hope that will be done.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means a question
which relates to this amendment. I desire to
know what is the rate of taxation in this District,
what rate of taxes the citizens of this city are
now paying, and how their present taxes compare
with the rate of taxation which prevails elsewhere
in the neighboring cities in Maryland, or even be-
yond the immediate neighborhood. As I under-
stand—and, if so, it would seem to be a partial
answer to the somewhat sweeping suggestion of
my colleague on the Committee for the Distiict
of Columbia [Mr. Roscoe Conkling]—the rate of
taxation in this city and District is quite as high
as that which prevails in other communities near
us.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to know
whether objection is made to the proposition of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that separate votes be taken upon the sev-
eral litems of the Senate amendment.
No objection was made.
Mr. L'OVEJOY. * I desire the consent of the
committee to ask the chairman of the Committee
for the District of Columbia this question, if he is
able to answer it: how much more it costs us to
meet in this city than it would in a commercial
city like New York, Chicago, or Cincinnati, where
we should not have to be at the extra expense of
paving streets, building jails, and other expenses
of that description?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I comprehend
the question of the gentleman from Illinois; but,
of course, I cannot answer it accurately, if at all.
Should I give such an answer as would express
my idea on the subject, it would be,^to say the
least, not altogether complimentary to "this capital
city. My belief is, that the ingenuity of no mem-
ber of the House will enable him to specify one
particular in which the people or the Representa-
tives of the people, who come here to tarry or re-
'> side, are tolerably accommodated in those respects
! which go to make up the public conveniences of
a town. But, so far as legards inconvenience,
extortion, discomfort, and whatever else is ob-
jectionable, this city is entitled to the palm, when
| considered in comparison with any place in the
i northern States, at least, from center to circum-
