THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
had concurred m the resolution of the Senate for
the appointment of a joint committee, to be com-
posed of three members of the Senate and four
members of the House of Representatives, to in-
quire into the conduct of the present war.
REVISION Of THE STATUTES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Judiciary be di-
rected to consider the expediency of providing by law for
the appointment of commissioners to revise the public stat-
utes of the United States; to simplify their language; to
correct their incongruities; to supply their deficiencies; to
arrange them in order; to reduce them to one connected
text; and to report then* thus impioved to Congiess for its
final action; to the end that the public statutes, which all
are presumed to know, may be in such form as to be more
within the apprehension of all.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. SUMNER. It is now about ten years
since, on first entering- this Chamber, I had the
honor of presenting this identical resolution.
Several times afterwards, at succeeding sessions,
I also presented it; but there was no action by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which it was re-
ferred, or by the Senate, with regard to it. At
last, however, we have a positive recommendation
from the President, in his annual message, calling
our attention to the necessity of a revision of our
statutes, and reducing them to a connected text.
I desire now to take advantage of that recom-
mendation and to revive the proposition which,
ten years ago, I first presented.
Something, sir, must bo done in that connec-
tion. The ancient Roman laws, when they were
first codified, it was said, were so cumbersome
that they were more than a camel's load. Per-
haps that cannot now be said of our statutes; but
they are cumbersome, extending to at least ten or
eleven volumes, and also very expensive. They
are to be found in very few public libraries even—
very rarely in private libraries. They ought to
be in every public library, and also in all the of-
fices of lawyers throughout the country. That
can be only by having them reduced in size, put
into one single volume—which can be done—thus
being easy to read and cheap to buy.
I have reason to believe, sir, that such a work
would be agreeable to the people. I believe that
the people like such reading. Certainly I am
justified in that conclusion when I think of my
own State, for it is within my knowledge that the
statutes of Massachusetts, when put into a single
volume,as they now are, have, during only a very
brief period, been purchased to the extent of more
than ten thousand copies by the people at large.
I hope, sir, that there will be no objection to this
proposition on account of the state of the country.
I do not forget the old saying, that the laws are
silent amidst arms; but it seems to me that we
may very fitly show by our example that that is
not always the case; and it seems to me that we
can do nothing better for the honor of the Admin-
istration, which we have at heart, than to enable
it to carry forward this project. Indeed, I think
that we should all look with pride upon our coun-
try, if while it is engaged in wrestling with this
fearful rebellion, we should also occupy ourselves
in maturing our statutes and reducing them to such
form that they will be accessible to all.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
104) to provide for the appointment of a solicitor
of claims for the Department of State; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 105) to authorize the President of the United
States to fill up the corps of cadets at the United
States Military Academy at West Point; which
was lead twice by its title, and refeired to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. NESM1TH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. ISo. 25) providing the m-oiie of paying
the awards authorized by the act of March 2,
1861, for settling the Washington and Oregon war
debt; which was read twice'by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia,
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
106) to authorize the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States to adjudicate and decide upon its merits
the case, now {lending therein, of Pedro Chaboza
against the United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
HOUSE BILLS KEFERKED.
On motion ofMr. WILSON, the following joint
resolutions, from the House of Representatives,
were read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and theMilitia:
A joint resolution (No. 16) relative to the ex-
change of prisoners; and
A joint resolution (No. 20) expressive of the
recognition by Congress of the gallant and patri-
otic services of the late Brigadier General Nathan-
iel Lyon, and the officers and soldiers under his
command at the battle of Springfield, Missouri.
PAY Or SENATOR BINGHAM.
Mr. DIXON. I have been instructed by the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate to report back joint reso-
lution S. No. 24, directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the widow of the late Hon.
K. S. Bingham the amount of compensation due
to him at the time of liis death. The committee
have instructed me to report this with the request
that they be discharged from its consideration, on
the ground that no such resolution is necessary,
as the officers are prepared to pay the money at
any time, whenever a person authorized to receive
it shall appear. On that ground the committee
ask to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the resolution.
The committee were discharged.
ARMY SUTLERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and if there be no objection I
should like to have it considered now; I desire to
make a brief statement in regard to it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolred, Tiiatthc Inspector General, the Quaitermaster
Gcneial. amt the Commissary General of Subsistence be
seveiallydnectcd to mf'oim the Senate what ai tides, in their
opinion, should be sold by sutlers to the volunteers of the
United States as being necessary for the comfoit of the
soldier, and which are best adapted to the promotion of the
interests of the military service.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire, very
briefly, to state tho reasons why I submit this
resolution. We have called half a million of men
to the field to support the cause of the country.
They are not to be permanently soldiers: they are
citizens, our neighbors, our friends. Many of
them have left families behind them—parents,
wives, children. It is important certainly, in the
legislation of the country and in the administra-
tion of the affairs of the Government, that a policy
shall be adopted which will permit these men to
go back to their homes morally, intellectually,and
physically as good as when they carne into the
service of the country. 1 suppose we all agree in
that. We all must feel that it will bean evil that
will last for at least a generation, if any consider-
able portion of the men now summoned to the
support of the periled cause of the country shall
be demoralized by camp life, and return to their
homes in a condition to be a burden upon the
country hereafter.
Now, sir, from all quarters there comes up the
evidence that the sutler system is demoializing to
the Army. The PayYnastcr General, a man of un-
questioned integrity and of high character, in a
letteraddressed to me a few days ago, asks the ques-
tion whether sutlers are necessary, and answers it
by saying they are the prolific source of demoral-
ization in the volunteers. Generals and other
officers in command in the field have sent to me
innumerable letters in regard to tho abuses exist-
ing in the sutler's department of the volunteers,
and privates have warned me of the wrongs im-
posed upon them. Having seen during this year
certainly at least two hundred and fifty regiments,
and haying visited the camps of most of the regi-
ments in the army of the Potomac, my own ob-
servation teaches me that the system is demoral-
izing the Army and degrading the men. It not
only takes from them millions of dollars, for the
profits of the sutlers in the army of the Potomac
are going on to-day at the rate of more than two
million dollars per year—many of the regimental
sutlers are making monthly profits of from one to
two thousand dollars, as can be established by un-
questioned testimony—but it is the fruitful cause
ofsickness and disease. Upon this point the testi-
mony is complete.
The evidence of medical men connected with the
Army is, that ittendsto sickness; of military men
that it tends to demoralization. The sanitary
commission, who have examined this question
carefully, have unanimously passed a resolution
that it works evil, and they recommend the abo-
lition of the system. In thirty-one regiments of
the army of the Potomac, liquors are sold by the
consent of officers; in one hundred and forty-
seven, with or without their consent. In only
twenty-three regiments are they banished alto-
gether'. Every mode is adopted to get liquors
into the camps. Little flasks are now made on
which are labeled theword " Cordials,"in which
brandies and whiskies are sent into the camp,
and to get them through the examining lines,
they are sometimes marked "Hospital Stores."
Liquors are put into kegs of butter, in barrels of
apples, and in every possible form smuggled into
the camps. In looking over the pay-rolls of the
Army, I find men charged as high as nineteen dol-
lars for sutler's stores for two months; many of
them twelve and fifteen dollars, in violation ot
the regulations. In more than one hundred regi-
ments of the army of the Potomac there is no
attempt whatever made to regulate the price at
which the sutler's articles may be sold. These
articles are often sold for two, three, and four hun-
dred per cent. Sir, this system, as any Senator
who will examine it will ascertain, is robbing
men of their hard earnings, demoralizing them,
and injuring their suffering families at home.
While this is going on, the patriotic and liberal
people of the country are aiding in supporting the
families of tens of thousands of these volunteers
in the field, many of whom are spending nearly
all their pay at these sutlers'tents. These poor
families of our brave volunteers, scattered over
the land, implore us to save them from the blight-
ing effects of this system, which is demoralizing
their loved ones and robbing them of bread. Pa-
triotism, morality, and humanity,demand that we
should act.
Now, sir, I call the attention of Congress to
this subject for the purpose of endeavoring to get
rid of sutlers altogether, or correcting their abuses.
I have had no ill will towards them, and I have
none now. Many of them are men of character,
and deal fairly and honorably; but the system
may be abused, and it is abused most wickedly,
shamefully. Some of these sutlers propose to
take issue on this point. The Paymaster Gen-
eral told me to-day that a day or two ago a drunken
sutler came into his office and said to him, in reply
to his remark that there would be some legislation
on this subject, that it would be defeated; that
Congress could not pass any such measures; that
they were going to resist it. I have here a cir-
cular sent out by these gentlemen, in view of this
proposed action, and I will read it to the Senate:
Washington', December. 1881.
Mr. ,
Sutler of the .
The regiment I will not designate, but it is in
Sickles's brigade, to which this circular was sent—
Fir : You will see by the following paragraph fiom the
Baltimore Sun, that it 1-5 the intention of deigning persons
to have Congiess abolish the office of sutler, foi ulterior pur-
poses; we therefore call yout attention to tin* fact, in the
assurance that eveiv dibit will be made to delend you in
your rights. The object of the fund to winch voui attention
is called in this eneuiai it, designed to defeat the bill alluded
torn the following paragraph Iroin the Haitimoie *un.
You will be pk-jt«5<-d al>o to obtain signatuie? to the in-
closed petition, and (01 ward the same to oui office, together
with the sum subseubed by jours-elf, or the n^-suiance that
you have sent it to Lewis Johnson. E^q., banket, ami tieas-
uier of tbe Sutler's Defense Fund,'" corner of Tenth stieet
arifl Pennsylvania avenue.
ft is susgfMed that the sum of twentj five dollar from
the sutler of each regiment would be a reasonable contri-
bution to the fund, designed for the protection of then* in-
terest*. iJiigade and division sutleis in proportion to the
uumbci of regiments supplied by them.
Tliete is no time to be Ion:, as eveiy effort will be made
by designing parties to vacate your office, aimed as they aie
with energy and means.
Here is tho petition that accompanies the cir-
cular to winch allusion is made:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives oj
the United States, in Congress aiscnihled.
We, the undesigned, offic ers and privates ot the reg-
iment ot United States Volunteers, of the State of ■ .
do heiehy respecttully petition your honoiable bodies, that
