1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ference; and all this despite the enormous expend-
itures wc make.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am afraid my friend
from New York has got into bad company since
he has been m this city. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. Has debate upon this amend-
ment been exhausted?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roscorc Conkling] will be al-
lowed to explain the serious charge made upon
him by my colleague. [Laughter.]
The first five clauses of the twenty-ninth amend-
ment of the Senate, as given above, were then
read, and severally agreed to.
The Clerk then read the sixth clause, in relation
to the works of the exploring expedition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
a single word in relation to that amendment be-
fore the question is put. This appropriation is
merely to preserve the work already on hand and
to remove it to a place of safety. It is not for a
continuation of the work, but the work being al-
ready suspended, it is proper that Congress should
at least take care of the very valuable plates that
have already been engraved.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would like to
inquire where the plates are now.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Chairman, I think
I can answer the question of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,] and remove opposi-
tion to the proposed concurrence in the Senate
amendment. During the progress of the work,
over nine hundred engravings accumulated, at a
cost of nearly one hundred thousand dollars.
Many of them arc of great value. They have been
for years stored in Philadelphia, where the print-
ers of the exploring expedition reside. The pur-
pose of the committee is to remove all the property
of the Government used in this work from Phila-
delphia, and to close the business there after the
completion of the twenty-third volume, now in
press, and of which there are but forty pages to
print. This appropriation it is proposed to apply
to thesettlementof whatever outstanding accounts
have not been closed, and to the payment of the
expenses incident to the transportation of the ma-
terials to this city, where they can be kept in one
of the public buildings without cost. The sum
is not large, and the committee will not expend
more than may be required for the purposes indi-
cated .
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
The Clerk then read the next clause of the
amendment of the Senate, to which the Committee
of Ways and Means recommended an amendment
proposing, among other things, to appropriate
$10,000 to pay salary and mileage to certain con-
testants and claimants for seats in the House of
Representatives, under the resolution of the House
adopted yesterday.
MESSAGE tfROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message from
the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, an-
nounced that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses 011 the joint resolution,
No. 22, providing for the payment of the awards
of the commission to investigate the military,
clditua in the department of the West.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 45) for the relief of William li.
Nobles; when the Speaker signed the same.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, I
move to amend the amendment of the Committee
of Ways and Means by reducing the amount tor
this payment of salaiy and mileage from $10,000
to $5,000. I wish to ask some member of the
Committee of Waysand Means whether this sum
of $1U,UU0 is to be equally divided between the
three parties named in the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose that
as the House has already voted to pay these gen-
tlemen their salary and mileage, it will be paid
according to law. An estimate of this amount
was made by the Clerk of the House as being
sufficient, and no more than sufficient.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Well, I venture to
say that there has been no estimate. Here are
the contestants, Mr. Kline from Pennsylvania,
and Mr. Butler 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to know
whether the gentleman means that as an imputa-
tion upon myself? Does he mean to say that we
have not acted on the recommendation of the Clerk
or not?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I mean to say that
in my judgment there has been 110 estimate about
it; and the gentleman is at liberty to constfuc it
in any mannei he pleases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I stated to the
House that the Clerk sent us a written recom-
mendation. I say so now.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. In my judgment the
gentleman from Vermont is too sensitive in regard
to his honor in this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine his remarks to the amendment he has offered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I have made tiie
assertion, and I repeat it, that, in my judgment,
there has been 110 estimate at all; but that the lound
sum of $10,000 is proposed to be inserted in this
bill, when I know that the sum justly due to these
gentlemen cannot possibly amount to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman from
New Yoik yield to the gentleman from Vermont?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. No, sir; I do not yield.
Here aie three gentlemen, John Kline, John M.
Butler, and Joseph Segar, two of whom came
here as contestants fiom contiguous districts in
Pennsylvania, and the third of whom came here
claiming a seat for the district in Virginia oppo-
site this city, and the sum to he paid them, if prop-
erly estimated, can amount to no such sum as
§10,000.
We know that the salary of a member of Con-
gress is $3,000 a year, and wc know that one year's
salaiy has not accrued to any of these parties, even
if they are to be paid at the same rate as members,
for the putative set vices which they have rendered
in this House.
Then, as to mileage; as 1 have remarked, Mr.
Kline came here from the city of Philadelphia.
We know whether his mileage can amount to $333.
We know whether Mr. Segar's mileage, coming
from a contiguous district in an adjoining State,
can amount to $333. And we know whether Mr.
Butler's mileage, coming from a district in Penn-
sylvania contiguous to that of Mr. Kline, can
amount to that sum.
I voted yesterday against paying these contest-
ants one cent; and 1 shall vote 111 every instance
against giving a single cent to any contestant who
fails to make good his claim to a seat on this floor.
1 believe that the proposition to pay them is not
supported by justice or sound policy. We saw
here ot the extra session a contestant come from
Oregon and receive some seven or eight thousand
dollars. We ?aw a gentleman from the same State
who sat in this House a few days ago, and who,
as it seemed to me, had no eaithly claim to the
seat he occupied, leceive the same enormous sum.
It is certain that this system tends to oncnuiage
the practice of contesting the seats of members;
and we know how many days and weeks have
been consumed by the House 111 considering and
deciding the claims of these contestants. Did time
permit, 1 might refer to the questionable expedi-
ents by which some of them have attempted to
sustain their pretensions. I believe, sir, that we
acted injudiciously yesterday in adopting the is-
olation to pay these contestants: but now, the
1 House having adopted it, I propose to pay them
; precisely what they are entitled to, and not one
j cent more.
| 1 ha\c the impression from my observation,
I sitting upon this side of the Hall among the friends
1 of Mr. Kline, that he has attended here but a few
{ days. Wo all of us know how many days Mr,
; Segar spent among us; and perhaps some gentle-
; man may know how many days Mr. Butler actu-
I ally devoted to contesting his seat: I do not. The
j pioposition now before the committee is to pay
| each of these contestants $3,333 33, or, at all
i events, to divide $10,000 among the three. I re-
peat that I am satisfied no actual estimate has pro*
duced that result, and for the simple reason that
it is an utter impossibility that such a result can
be reached by a fair computation. I hope that njy
motion to reduce the amount will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment offered by the gentleman from" New
Yoik. Sincc i have been a member of this House*
in making any statement to the House I believe
that those who know me will acquit me at ali
times of any purpose to deceive the House, or to
state anything not entirely frank, both in matter
and manner. Now, when the gentleman put.the
question to me, I stated distinctly that there had
been an estimate sent to us by the Clerk of the
House. Immediately on that, the gentleman from
New Yoik abruptly declared to the House that
he did not believe that any such statement had
been made.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Any such estimate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, I leave it
to the House to judge whether that statement of
the gentleman from New York was worthy of the
gentleman, or worthy of any gentleman. Iliold
in my hand the statement sent to us by the Clerk
of the House. It reads as follows:
Office of the House of Representatives,
Washington, March 4, 1862.
Sir. : An appropnation of tenjJjonsand dollars ($10,000)
will be required to pay the mileage and salaries.ot' Hon.
John Kline, Hon. Joseph Segar, and Hon. John M. Butler,
while contesting .^onts in the House of Representatives,
authorized by a lesolutioii of this date, and I respectfully
ask that the above-named sum be added to the " miscella-
neous item" of the contingent fund of the House, and that
it be inserted m House bill No. 208, between lines eighteen
and nineteen, 011 page 40.
Very respectfully, EMERSON ETHERIDGE,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Hon. Tiiapdeos Stevens, Chairman, ^v.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in reference to this par-
ticular matter, so far as the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York is concerned, I should
concur with him in saying that the House had
committed an error in voting so large a sum; but
as the House has passed the resolution it is incum-
bent 011 us now to appropriate the sum necessary
to carry that resolution into effect. A very little
arithmetic, Mr. Chairman, will show that this sum
is not too large. These gentlemen will draw their
salaries, I suppose, for the entire year. That will
be for the three of them, $9,000. There is, there-
fore, only $] ,000 left for mileage. I now hold in
my hand the exact statement, this moment handed
to me, of the Clerk of the House, and it appears
the sum necessary is §8,930 18.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
permit me to make a personal explanation ? I per-
ceive, Mr. Chairman, that my language has been
misinterpreted by the gentleman from Vermont.
I did not intend to assert or insinuate for a mo-
ment that the gentleman had not received this es-
timate. I simply intended to remark, and I trust
I was so understood by the committee, that that
amount could not have been arrived at by any just
estimate, that no such estimate could have been
made, but that simply a round sum was proposed
to be inserted in the bill. Certainly, nothing was
further from my purpose than to intimate that the
gentleman from Vermont had notreceived such a
statement as lie refers to from the Clerk of the
Hou.se.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 accept the ex-
planation of the gentleman, but he certainly was
very unfortunate in his language. Now, Mr.
Chairman, as I was saying, this sum of $10,000
is, of course, in 'round numbers. It may exceed,
and docs exceed by a few dollars, the sum neces-
sary; but of course 110 more than is absolutely
necessary under existing laws will be paid out of
this appropnation. The Committee of Ways and
Means, as was their duty, only proposed such a
sum as would conform to the action of the House,
whether that was right or wrong.
The question was taken on Mr. F. A. Conic-
ling's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out 910,000, and inserting After I
shall have submitted a few remarks, I willask the
Clerk to read the resolution which the House
adopted yesUrday, ordering these persons to be
paid, so that the committee maybe informed of its
precise terms. Mr. Chairman, 1 voted against
that resolution, and 1 should vote against any
resolution of a similar character. I am in favor
of the precedent established here during the last
