2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
attend to the substantial business which is pond-
ing before us. If I represented a State which
would not permit a free colored man to step his
foot upon its soil, as does the gentleman from Il-
linois, I should be very slow to force the free
blacks upon any other State. But any gentleman
here has the right to do as he pleases in reference
to that matter. It is a mere matter of taste and
propriety.
To pass a bill like the one under consideration
at this time, when there can no practical good re-
sult from its passage—and I do not know that it
is claimed by any gentleman here that any bene-
ficial or practical result will ensue upon its pas-
sage—its effect will only be to unnecessarily irri-
tate those now arrayed against the Government,
and repel those—and there are many of them—
who are turning back and coming under the pro-
tection of the folds of the old flag, and of the
benignant Government against which they have
revolted.
I regret to see differences upon this or any other
subject now. I hope we shall hereafter act with
some practical results always in view, and not
introduce and discuss subjects which certainly
result in no practical benefit to the country, and
which tend in this hour of our country's trial to
divert our attention from the performance of the
great duty in hand of suppressing the insurrec-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say a few words,
if the gentleman from Illinois will yield to me; and
I will move the previous question wlien I have
finished my remarks, if he desires me to do so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 object to
that arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
having yielded the floor, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is recognized.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise now to make a
speech of any length, or to discuss the abolition
of slavery as a general question, I do not think
that at all necessary. 1 want to show, in a few
direct remarks, how impossible it is for a mind
desirous of preventing slavery, or of abolishing
it where we have the power, to come to the con-
clusion that they are prevented from doing it by
any constitutional objection. This bill proposes
that there shall be no slavery hereafter m the navy
and dock-yards of the United States, or in any
other places where the United States have exclu-
sive jurisdiction. Now, every argument which
can be used against this bill would apply with
equal force against the bill which we have lately
passed, and which has received the sanction of
the Executive, abolishing slavery in the District
of Columbia. I cannot possibly see how any gen-
tleman wliocould not possibly sec a constitutional
objection in the one case, can see it in the other.
I do not say that there were not gentlemen who
conscientiously believed that that bill was uncon-
stitutional. I can easily understand how they
would come to the same conclusion in reference
to this bill; but how they can get a distinction
between the cases, m a constitutional point of
view, it is not possible for me to perceive.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman call to mind the fact that the bill for the
emancipation in the District of Columbia pro-
vided a reasonable compensation, while this bill
provides none whatever?
Mr, STEVENS. I will. Ifany gentleman sup-
poses that the compensatory portion of that bill
renders it constitutional, when it was not so be-
fore, I can understand the gentleman's objection.
But I did not suppose that that was anything more
than a question of justice. I did not suppose, in-
deed I have hardly heard, that anybody doubted
the power of Congress to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia without compensation.
Mr. MALLOllY. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to intimate that he regards
the consideration of the subject suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts as of very small
importance, because it is a mere matter of jus-
tice ?
Mt . STEVENfe. I am only speaking of the
constitutional question. If the gentleman desires
to inquire in reference to any other point, I will
hear him with pleasure.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to call his attention to what
he is entirely familiar with—I mean the fifth arti-
cle of the amendments to the Constitution—which
provides that private property shall not be taken
for public use without just compensation? I be-
lieve that the bill for the emancipation of slaves
in the District of Columbia came within that pro-
vision; and whether you call it property or not,
there was such a right in the loyal masters in the
slaves in this District that we were bound to afford
compensation.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know that the gen-
tleman held that doctrine. It is so rare a doctrine
in the free States that I did notknow that any one
from that quarter held it. I supposed, in refer-
ence to the question of slavery, that wherever the
Government had exclusive power they had the
right to do with it as the States did with it—abolish
it without compensation. Does any man doubt
that the States have that right?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then there is one doubter that
will not be damned for that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Where has it been abol-
ished without compensation ?
Mr. STEVENS. In Pennsylvania.
Mr. WWSKLIFFE. That was abolition post
nati, and not an abolition of slavery.
Mr. STEVENS. If I am rightly informed,
New York did the same thing. I may be mis-
taken in reference to another State, but I think
Massachusetts never made any compensation. I
never heard that she did. I do not believe there
is any man from the free States, except the gen-
tleman from the Boston district, who ever doubted
that the legislative power of any locality, where
they have the exclusive jurisdiction, have the
right to abolish slavery without compensation;
and this is the first time I overheard the opposite
idea suggested by a man from a free State, and I
trust m God it is the last, for it is no credit to a
free State to entertain such an idea.
Mr. HOOPER. To whom does the gentleman
refer as from the Boston district?
Mr. STEVENS. I carried him as near Bos-
ton as I could; for I did not like to say from the
Q,uinc.y district, for that would seem such a hu-
miliation.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman need not trouble himself about that. I
undertake to say that a majority of the members
of this House, a very large majority, would not
have voted for the emancipation of slavery in the
District of Columbia, unless a reasonable com-
pensation had been given. It iseasyenough to rid-
icule a thing, but that is not to meet the objection.
The position is this: that if the law of this Dis-
trict, as it existed at the time of the passage of
that bill, recognized a right in a person which was
capable of valuation, then the provision of the
Constitution to which I have referred applies, and
you could not have taken that property, if it is
property, or that right which is capable of com-
putation, without furnishing that just compen-
sation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the emanci-
pation bill for the District of Columbia made no
compensation whatever as to certain slaves held
by persons disloyal to the Government.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. True.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then! suppose that clause
of the Constitution was abrogated?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. In the po-
sition I took, did I not make that exception?
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not hear it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Did not I
specify loyal men?
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not hear it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I did. This
is the point: here is a certain right or interest—
whether you call it property or not is not mate-
rial—which certain persons, residents of the States,
claim under the local law, and which they claim
is capable of being computed and estimated in
money. The Constitution of the United States
provides that where private property is taken a
just compensation shall be given. Now, does the
gentleman from Ohio say that, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, slaves, who are such
under the local law and under established cus-
toms of the place, may be liberated without com-
pensation r
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to remark that that
is the very thing which has been done in this Dis-
trict; and I wish to say further that it is in vain
for the gentleman to undertake to escape from the
fact that the bill, as it stood here, showed conclu-
sively upon its face that it was a matter of pure elec-
tion upon the part of the United States what com-
pensation they should give, or whether they should
give any at all; and for this reason it was that Con-
gress gave a gratuity, graduating the amount so
that it should not exceed in the aggregate $300
each. No one knows better than the learned gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that such legislation
as that, under the general provision of the Con-
stitution which protects property, is absolutely
inadmissible. The Congress of the United States
cannot be the judge of the value under that clause
of the Constitution at all, and it never was.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman from Ohio mean to say that it was not
intended by that act that compensation should be
given ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; but it was not in-
tended by that act, and I say no right-minded man
will say that it was, that a just compensation,
within the meaning of that term of the Constitu-
tion, was to be given; because under every inter-
pretation given to that clause of the Constitution
that kind of compensation must be ascertained
by judicial proceedings.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then the
gentleman means to say that an unjust compen-
sation has to be given.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; ransom as a gra-
tuity was intended to be given, and not just com-
pensation.
Mil THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then the
gentleman from Ohio says that this bill for the
emancipation of slaves in the District of Colum-
bia provided neither a just compensation nor an
unjust compensation for the slaves. Then let a
constitutional lawyer maintain its validity before
the judicial tribunals as he may.
Mr. BINGHAM. A constitutional lawyer who
plants himself upon that clause of the Constitution
will first justify that provision in the emancipa-
tion act which takes slaves from disloyal citizens
without any compensation whatever. That is all.
Mr. STEVENS. I am very glad to see this
exercise. It is very good to sharpen wits upon
each other, and sometimes it is done until they
are ground down almost to a point.
In answer to a single suggestion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] I have
to remark that we have the right to take private
property for public use, making just compensa-
tion. Now, if a bill should be introduced into
Congress and passed to take from Mr. Corcoran
his large house for use as a hospital, and say that
he should receive $G00 therefor, would that be
constitutional ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Such is not
the provision of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It is in the District bill. It
is a mere gratuity, and not a just compensation.
Now, sir, I say again that the liberation of
slaves in any locality where any legislature has
exclusive jurisdiction is a political question, and
it is a question of the organization of society, and
in no sense of the word the taking of private prop-
erty. It is a police and a political question which
the supreme legislature of any locality has a right
to decide as it chooses; and to say that that is not
constitutional is to inaugurate a new, a strange,
and an awful doctrine, especially to come from
the district of the sage of Q.uincy.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to say that the sage of Q,uin-
cy to whom he alludes, and for whom his re-
spect is not more profound than mine, affirmed,
when he was at Ghent negotiating the treaty of
peace, in his correspondence with the British com-
missioners, not only that there was property in
slaves, but that the efforts of the British officers
and soldiers to seduce slaves from their masters
was in violation of the laws of nations. And I
will say further that Mr. Adams never voted for
the emancipation of slaves in the District of Co-
lumbia, though his very humble successor felt it
his duty to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. The sage of Q,uiney has
declared morn than twenty times, and half that
number of times within my hearing, the entire
competency of Congress to abolish slavery where
ever Congress husexclusive jurisdiction, without
compensation,
