3012
the congressional globe.
June 30,
of the most meritorious officers in the public
He was in the regular
one
S<Mr President, General Smith, as has been said
and most gallant men we ever had. I have heaid
officers say that it seemed to them, who had seen
hi ill in action in Mexico and in this country, that
when the action came, and he saw powder burn-
ing, he had a divine inspiration upon him. i c
Senator from Connecticut has also alluded to -
fact that lie did not die from disease alone., I
have the evidence in my possession from mem-
bers of his staff that at Donelson he was wounded
by a ball hitting him on his person, and that in-
flammation proceeding from that wound was the
cause of his death. Yet so anxious was lie that
his oIlicers and men should not know that he had
thus been wounded, that he carelully conceals 1
from alt of tlicm, and it was not known except to
a few men until after his death, and even hts
widow was not made conscious of it until weeks
after he had died. It is to the widow of that man
who has led your soldiers for forty years, who
has exhibited such bravery upon every field, who
was breveted three times m Mexico for his gal-
lantry, who was everywhere considered one ot
the most skillful and accomplished officers the
public service had, that I desired to Rive this pen-
won, oven if it may bo consulted a little moie lib-
oral th:m wo can a/Tord to £ivo to tlio widows oi
all our brigadier and major geni-ials hemtlter; lor
1 apprehend there will be very few eases so meii-
tonou.i in themselves presented to us us the one
now under consideration.
Mr POWELL. 1 do not know this lady, but
I did "know General Smith. A more gallant and
a more accomplished officer this country never
had in its service, and 1 do hope the Senate will
pass this bill and give this little, pittance to the
widow of so meritorious an officer. It we want
to retrench, let us take something else. In God s
name do not let us go to cutting off the slender
amount of fifty dollars from the widow and chil-
dren of one of our bravest officers, who died ot dis-
ease contracted at the head of iis columns.
Mr. TEN EYC1C. The difference between the
sum in unused to be allowed by this bill and under
the general law 11 twenty dollars a month, only
ft24tfn year; and yet we stand here resisting an
appropriation of #240 a year to the widow of Major
General Smith! The statement of the fact is
sufficient. Thin widow is left with tlnee children,
with scarce a dollar, perhaps, Id buy decent mom n-
itl<* in memorial of his gallantly and his death!
The bill was i epoi ted to the Heiiale, and ordeied
to be en"ro:,,vd lor a third rending.
Mr. IIALK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the pasnngc of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TiaiMHULL. I wish just to say one
word. I protest against putting any opposition
to granting this pension upon the ground thai
General Smith was not a worthy officer. The
Senator from New Jersey and oilier Senators rise
here and tell us what a distinguished man hu was.
There is no controversy about that; that is not
the point. The ipieytmu is whether we shall pen-
sion the willows of officers who fall during the
war from disease or in buttle, who are deserving
men. If llmt principle is established, General
Smith'.! widow should certainly receive a pension.
Mr.HALE. The Senator from llbnoisdoes not
state It exactly right. It is not a question v  bethel
they shall be pensioned. She shall be, .she ought
lo be pensioned; butthe question is, whetherthis
lady should be pensioned beyond what the others
are", beyond what the general law of pensions al-
lows. 1 protest against being considered as saying
a word against General Smith, I have as high a
leaimi for him as for any general that ever lived.
I presume that he was gallant and without re-
proach. I presume his widow is as meritorious a
lady as lives. I assume that, and I do not wish
to be undeistuod as denying it by the vote I shall
cast.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I have not heard any one.
say a word against thegallanlry ofGeneralSmith,
but we ask for this pension because General Smith
went into the service of his country at a critical
time, and was instrumental in gaining a most im-
portant victory 
Mr. FESSENDEN.
SeMi\TEN EYCK. But ho went in under■cir-
cumstances of peculiar gallantry,*md belaved if
1 am to be allowed the express,£2
" fierv god of war;" he marched on Foit Done!
son led his men through deadly hall, and nothing
served to stop or baulk him. He did that service
and risked his life when he, perhaps, had not an
extra dollar in his purse, andby his death, ciown
in- a gallant life, a widow and several orphan
children are left without protection and suppoit.
They will need this additional sum to enable them
to live in a manner suitable to his character mid
his memory, ills loss to them is crushing; h s,
ove for them was great, I have heard that w hile
in acti vc service during his last campaign, he wi ote
a (hiily letter to his wife. His tenderness was
equal to his courage. He gave them up to save
iSe country; shall not the country be their kind
protector and their friend ?
Mr HOWE. Mr. President, as the yeas and
nays are to be called on the passage of this bill, and
as I was a member of the committee from which
the bill was reported, I beg to say that, while 1
was not in favor of the bill m committee and can-
not support it hero, my reasons for not giving to it
my support are far different from the reason which
has been suggested, that we are not inclined to ap-
preciate the military services of General Smith.
That he was in the line of his duty and that he
served the country gallantly, faithfully, there is
no manner of doubt. But we are providing at this
vorv session, almost ut this very time, by a £en"
cral law, the measure of support that we will afford
to the families of the whole class of officers who
die in the lme of their duty and serving their conn-
try Now, the effect of the two measmes seems
to me to be just this: that to the families of the
class who thus die in the service of their country
and in the line of their duty, we give thirty dollars
a month, but to the family of this individual, who
could not have done anything more than spend
his life in the line of his duty, we give fifty dol-
lars a month. My trouble is not in assigning rea-
sons why the country could not. afford to pay the
family ofGeneral Smith fifty dollars a month; but
if wo say that, my difficulty will be in assigning
a reason why we do not give to the families of othei
officers of the same rank, and falling in the same
line of duty, the same rate of compensation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
nial Register." There is no meaning or sense m
the phrase " Blue Book." It is a cant name.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think it of conse-
quence enough to'amend the resolution and send it
back to the House of Representatives merely on
account ofths n<xmc.
Mr. HALE. I do not like to see these cant
t)hrases introduced into legislation. ^
' Mr. FESSENDEN. Names are things.
Mr HALE. Yes; names are things. I move
to strike out " Blue Book," and insert " Biennial
Register." .
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and Iheamendment was concurred in. T he amend-
ment was ordered to be engrossed, and the leso-
lution to be read a third time. The joint lesolu-
tion was read the third time, and passed.
The pres1dingofficer, (Mr. Sherman.)
The titleof the resolution will be amended to coi-
respond with the amendment m the text.
J. W., A. L., AND W. W. DYER.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is only one private
bill in my charge, and as it lias passed the Senate
once and there can be no objection to it, I should
like to be indulged by haying it taken up and
passed now. I move to take up Senate bill No.
338
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
338> for the relief of Joseph W. Dyer, Ansel L.
Dyer, and William W. Dyer was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is designed to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Joseph W. Dyer, An-
sel L. Dyer, and William W. Dyer >549 60, being
for tonnage duties wrongfully collected fiom tlie
ship Corinthian by the collector of the port ot
New Orleans in 1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
| OATH OP OEEICE.
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Itiownins.Carlile, Cl.uk, Col-
iutner, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Unme-i, Hams,Hen-
derson IluuMiil, Kf'mieii)', Linieot Indiana, haricot Kan-
sas, NeMnllh, I'ometoy, Powell, Silllllluns, Sialic, leu
Hv<k, U'lllev, ami Wilson of Ule-ourt—21.
NAYS Mi-sms. IV'senden, Hale, Ilart.ul, tlowc, Ivillff,
HI.mill, Sheniian, Sumner, Tiliinlillh, Waile, anil Yvilgllt
—11.
So the bill was passed.
DISTRIBUTION OP THE BIENNIAL REGISTER.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that Mouse bill No.
328 be taken up. .
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman claims at-
tention to matters of great tonscquence. 1 want
a moment's attention to a matter of small conse-
, qucnee.
I Mr. FOSTER. I give way.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
' mittce on the Library to report back a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 7i) providing for the distribu-
tion of surplus copies of the Blue Book for 1861
amung the several bureaus in the Executive De-
partments. The members of the House of Rep-
resentatives seem very desirous to have it passed,
and I think there will bo no objection to it. I
desire, therefore, that it be put on its passage at
once.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to dis-
tribute to each of the several bureaus in the Exec-
utive Departments one or more copies of the Blue
Book for 1861-62, from the surplus copies now de-
posited in the Interior Department; butthe number
of copies delivered to any one bureau is not to
exceed two.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know if there is
any sanction m law for calling this work "the
Blue Book." The name of it is "the Biennial
Register." I move to amend the resolution by
striking out " Blue Book," and inserting " Bien-
Mr. FOSTER. 1 renew my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desired to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report is upon House
bill No. 371, prescribing an oath of office, and for
other purposes. The Senate made a number ot
amendments to the bill, and the House of Repre-
sentatives disagreed to all the amendments. The
committee of conference have agreed to recommend
that the House recede from its disagreement to all
the amendments of the Senate except the first, and
that the Senate rcccde from its first amendment,
and agree to the following substitute in lieu there-
of, "except the President of the United States;"
so that it will leave the oath tp be prescribed to all
officers except the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report will
be read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
Tlie committee of conference oil the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. I'. No.
371) to presenile an oath of office, anil for other pmpo.es,
have met, ami after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend lo their respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from its fnst amendment lo said
bill, on page l,in line four,and agiee to the following Milisii-
tute in lieu thereof, " excepting tlie Piesulent ol tlie United
States.''
That the House of Repiesentatives rceedc from its (lis-
agiecmentto all the othei' amendment-; of the Senate to the
said bill, and agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
PRESTON KINti,
Managers on the pat t of the Senate,
JAMES F. WILSON,
JOHN A. BINGIIAM,
JOI1N S. 1'HELPS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not agree to the report,
and I move that its consideration be postponed
until to-morrow. I feel indisposed. I want to op-
pose it, because I think it is in flagrant conflict
with the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be post-
poned. The Senator from Kentucky has made
two or three speeches upon tilts question. Every-
body in the Senate understands it and knows that
ho takes the ground tliat you cannot administer
an oath to members of Congress. We may as
well settle the matter now. If it were a new ques-
tion, I certainly, as a matter ofcourtesy to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, would not object, but he has
