1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3013
presented his views, If he puts it on the ground
that he is unwell and desires still to argue it, I of
course shall give up; but I hope he will not per-
sist in having it go over. I would rather appeal
to him than object. If he insists on his motion
that it shall go over, and assigns as his reason that
he is indisposed, I of course shall give way; but I
hope he will not persist. I trust we shall dispose
of the question now.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not ask the postponement,
but I will say a word or two now, and it will be
mainly a repetition of what Ihave previously said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to postpone being withdrawn, the question is on
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. DAVIS. I will occupy the attention of the
Senate but a few moments. I think plainly and
palpably this is nothing more nor less than an
attempt on the part of Congress to prescribe ad-
ditional qualifications for members of the Senate
and House of Representatives. I need not recur
to the provisions of the Constitution which pre-
scribe the qualifications of members of the Senate
and of the Ilouse of Representatives. They are
well remembered by the members of the Senate
present. This bill, though, proposes an oath,
and provides that every officer before he shall be
permitted to enter upon the duties of his office
shall take that oath. The question is this: is it
competent for Congress to pass such a law ? By
the Constitution, every officer of the Government
is required to take an oath to support the Consti-
tution. When a member of the Senate presents
himself here to take his seat, he is required by
the Constitution to take that oath. He is required
by the Constitution to have three qualifications;
and what are those qualifications? He mast in
the first place be a citizen of the United States; he
must in the next place be thirty years of age; and
in the third place he must be an inhabitant of the
State from which he is elected. If a member claim-
ing a seat in the Senate presents himself with
these qualifications and offers to take the oath to
support the Constitution, has the Congress of the
United States the power by its legislative act to
require another qualification of him, in the form
of taking an oath in addition to that which is pre-
scribed in the Constitution? I will read a clause
from Judge Story's Commentaries on the Consti-
tution that treats upon the subject of the qualifica-
tions of members of the two Ilouses of Congress:
"It would seem but fair reasoning upon the plainest prin-
ciples of interpretation, that when the Constitution estab-
lished certain qualifications as necessary foi office, it meant
to exclude all others as proiequisitos. From the very na-
tuie of such a provision, the alfinnation of those qualifica-
tions would seem to imply a negative of ail other*; and a
doubt of this sort seems to have*pervaded the mind of Mr.
Jefferson.5'
Now, sir, in relation to members of the two
Houses, the Constitution prescribes the qualifica-
tions to which I have adverted, and it is a reason
of constitutional interpretation and of sound logic
that the enumeration of these qualifications, ac-
cording to the language of the commentator, Jus-
tice Story, excludes all others. The simple attempt
of this act in relation to members of Congress is
to introduce another qualification. If Congress
has power to introduce another qualification, it
has power to introduce a dozen or a hundred. It
is a very dangerous precedent that is being at-
tempted to be introduced; it is a very dangerous
innovation, I think, upon constitutional principle,
and one that the Senate ought to reject. I shall not
add anything further now.
Mr. HOWE. I understood there were two
propositions reported from the committee. I did
not understand what they were.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report is that the
House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to all the amendments of the Senate
except one, and as to that one that the Senate re-
cede from its amendment and adopt a substitute
in lieu of it.
Mr, HOWE. I have no fault to find with the
report. I understood the question was stated to
be upon agreeing with the report. That question
was under consideration the other day before the
Senate in another case, and it was then held to be
the usualpractice of parliamentary bodies to sub-
mit that question upon the report of a committee
of conference, and it was then said that there
could be no division, there could be no two ques-
tions arising upon a report from a committee of
conference, no separate votes taken. I thought
that doctrine at the time a dangerous one. I was
not prepared to controvertit. 1 shall notcontrovert
it now at any length; but 1 understand the true
doctrine to be wholly different from that.
In the first place, I have obtained but very lit-
tle light upon this subject from an examination of
the English works upon parliamentary law, and
the reason is very obvious. Conferences, as they
arc managed by the two Houses of Congress, and
as I understand very generally by legislative bodies
in this country, are almost universally what are
known as free conferences, while conferences as
they are managed by the two Houses of the Brit-
ish Parliament are almost never free conferences.
There are to be found in the last five centuries, I
am told, hut two or three free conferences between
the Houses of the British Parliament. When a
conference is agreed upon there, the matter to be
submitted is agreed upon in the respective Houses,
and when the managers of the two Houses meet
together, the managers upon the part of the disa-
greeing House present its reasons for the disagree-
ment, which reasons are previously agreed upon
by the Houses, and submitted to the managers.
The managers then receive from the managers on
the part of the other House their reply. Then
the two Houses separate. We never have any
such conferences. We have what are called free
conferences. The two Houses here may disagree
upon one or upon a hundred, or, as happened here
in the case of a recent bill, upon several hundred
votes, and the committees of the two Houses meet,
not to present the reasons which sway the respect-
ive Houses, but to present such reasons as occur
to themselves, to argue the whole question in dis-
pute upon every proposition with the committee
from the other House.
If the disagreement be upon a single proposition
I understand that there are three questions which
may be put to the House before which the report
is considered. The first proposition that may be
submitted is to agree to the amendment adopted
by the other House, and from which the dissent-
ing House has disagreed. If the House is pie-
pared to recede, or if the committee reports that
the House should recede from its disagreement,
then it agrees. If the House is not prepared to
agree, but does not wish to cut off further consult-
ation, the question to be submitted to the House
is, will it insist? That is a continuance of the dis-
agreement, but does not close the door to further
consultation between the two Houses. If the
House will not agree to the amendment, and docs
not care to have any further consultation, the mo-
tion to be submitted is, to adhere to its original
vote, and after it has voted to adhere, no further
conference can behad and the House cannot recede.
I think this is a very essential rule to be ob-
served. It seems to me I can see as clearly as I
can see anything, that the contrary rule will in a
great many cases defeat the most necessary meas-
ures of legislation, and 1 affirm to-day that it is
one of the greatest miracles to be found in the his-
tory of legislation that the tax bill which passed
the Senate thcotherday uponthereportof a com-
mittee of conference, did pass under the rule
which was laid down. There were between twelve
and twenty votes which the Senate had taken from
which that committee reported that the Senate
should recede. Some members of the Senate were
very much inclined to insist upon some of these
amendments, others upon other amendments, and
others upon still others of these amendments, each
one being regarded more important to the repre-
sentative of some section or of some interest, than
any oftheotheis. The rule which was prescribed
for the action of the Senate was that the Senate
must ngrce to rcccde from all or from none, and I
say it was a most miraculous incident in legisla-
tion, that each one of the Senators inclined to in-
sist upon those several amendments was made to
abandon the whole of them upon the report of a
committee. If the other rule had obtained, the
rule, which I submit with all the deference in the
world to the opinions of those who think other-
wise, has obtained heretofore in parliamentary
bodies, and is recognized by writeis on parlia-
mentary law, that is, that the vote should be put
on each distinct amendment, will the House recede
from this, or will it not, then you would have got a
distinct vote of the Senate upon each one of the
amendments, as you obtained it in the first place.
You adopted each one of the amendments sepa-
rately; the committee reported that you should re-
cede from each one of them, and you ought to put
the question separately. Now, it may be that
while certain representatives are very urgent that
one amendmentshall obtain, they are not anxious
about the others, and by this method of procedure
you get a vote of the Senate upon eacli amend-
ment; but by the method of procedure which was
adopted you combine necessarily, and as the di-
rect and inevitable effect of the rule of procedure
enforced, you combine by a rule of parliamentary
law the friends of each amendment from which the
committee reports that the House should recede.
You force them to combine and to act together.
If they combined voluntarily, you would" say it
was dishonorable legislation; everyone would so
hold it; and yet it was said hero that the rule of
parliamentary procedure compelled them to com-
bine and act together. Even under that rule, I
say that bill passed, and that it did pass was a
most extraordinary event; and why was it? lean
account for it upon no hypothesis in the woild
other than that the Senate, the whole Senate, felt
that some measure of taxation was of such im-
mense importance to the country that every ob-
jection should give way before it. But I do not
think this can often happen, I do not think you
have seen a Senate here since the Constitution
was adopted which could have passed that bill
under such a rule as was prescribed the other day.
It seems to me it could not.
I had not an opportunity the other day to sub-
mit these views to the Senate. I attempted it, and
was cut off by a question of order. I think them
important for the consideration of the Senate. Mr.
Cushing, whose work upon parliamentary law and
legislative proceedings 1 have before me, expressly
declares the law to be that not only may different
votes be taken upon different propositions reported
by the committee, but that the House or Senate,
as the case may be, may agree to one amendment
at one time and another at another time upon dif-
ferent reports. They may agree to one of the
amendments upon one lcpoi t, and upon the report
of a further conference may agree to others, and
so on as long as there is any proposition in dis-
pute between the two Houses. So he lays down
the law to bo. That that is the safe rule, it seems
to me should be manifest; and as this is the first
time sinec the question arose that a report has
been presented from a committee of conference, I
have felt it partly my duty and partly my privi-
lege to call the attention of the Senate again to tins
question. I am told that the universal practice of
these Houses has been to the contrary. Of course
I cannot controvert that statement. 1 do not know
that it has not been. I suppose every member of
the Senate will bear witness to the fact that a great
many usages obtain, not only in this instance but
in all bodies, as mere matter of convenience and
expedition, which are not sanctioned by strict law.
For instance, I see it almost invariably the case
here that without asking any consent of the Sen-
ate, a bill receives its second reading at the same
time that it receives its first reading. I do not rec-
ollect of but a single instance in which the House
has been appealed to for its consent to the second
reading of a bill ot the time it receives its first
reading. There are a great many such instances;
but because, as amatterofconvemencc,theIiouse
has followed a particular practice, that is a very
poor reason for its insisting upon a particular rule
of law if that rule is dangerous; and for the reasons
which I have set forth, I think the rule heretofore
insisted upon is very dangerous.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not understand the Senator from Wisconsin as ris-
ing to a question of order or calling for a division.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; I shall not call for a
division because 1 am not interested.
Mr. FOSTER. It has become of importance
latterly, Mr. President, that the reports of our
committees of conference should be sr>mcwhat
scrutinized, and that they should be in accordance
with parliamentary law and usage. I notice that
the organization of the committee, the report of
whose doings is now before us, has not been in
accordance with parliamentary law. The prin-
ciple of that law, I believe, where there are votes
of disagreement between the two Houses, is that
persons should be appointed upon the commit-
tee who represent the views of their respective
Houses. Senators should be appointed on the
committee who were m the vote of the Senate,
