1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
shall never have a rebellion flaunting its flag over
one third of the area of this country in time to
come; and if we should, after the settlement of
this question in the way which I hope we shall
settle it, I trust in Heaven this will be a precedent
to eject from this Chamber, or the Chamber of the
other branch of Congress, any man who for months
has had an aspersion of this kind uttered against
lus character, and neither appears himself to deny
it, nor sends a man here to deny it in his behalf.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As to the thing to be done,
I suppose there is no difference between myself
and the Senator from "Vermont, or the Senator
from New Jersey; but I do think that it becomes
the Senate, in transacting this grave business, to
do it with regard to some rule. There is no oc-
casion certainly for haste. There is, I think, no
dispute about the facts. I will undertake to pre-
sume to correct the Senator from New Jersey.
We are not before a jury of our country; we are
the jury ourselves, and we have got to enter our
conclusion on the record, and we want the proper
facts before us, in proper form. If the Senate
cannot take the trouble to make a proper record,
in the proper form, on the grave matter of determ-
ining whether a man has been guilty of treason,
and therefore unfit to occupy a place on this floor;
if we cannot take time to inquire into that and
place it on record, the haste must be great, the
enemy must, indeed, be at our gate. 1 have no
doubt about the sufficiency of the testimony in
this case. I had no doubt, as Senators know, upon
the same question during the extra session of Con-
gress, and 1 proposed to move in the matter then;
but I would then have sought to do it formally,
so that the record should be made up properly,
for it is a precedent, and in the course of time we
do not know how many occasions there may be to
invoke it on one side or the other. I say, there-
fore, that wisdom indicates that this proceeding
should be done with form,and that the facts should
be reported to the Senate from some committee.
I take the statement of the Senator from Vermont
as satisfactory to me; but I want it made so that
it shall be recorded properly for the country. I
want a report from some committee, saying that
these things are true, and that therefore the reso-
lution should pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Delaware to refer
this resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with the instructions indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when tlie Senate adjourn to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next. *
REFERENCE OF THE MESSAGE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
so much of the President's message as relates to
the construction of a railroad from some point in
Kentucky, to touch the railroad running through
Eastern Tennessee, and thence to North Caro-
lina, be referred to a select committee of three, to
be appointed by the President of this body. I
presume there will be no objection to this motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
The hour having arrivpd for the consideration
of the special order of the day, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 82) to further promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.
It provides that whenever the name of any j
naval officer now in the service, or who may here-
after be in the service of the United States, shall \
have been borne on theNaval Registerforty years,
he shall be retired from active service, and his ]
name entered on the retired list of officers of the
grade to which he belonged at the time of his 1
retirement; and the President may assign any
such retired officer to shore duty, he receiving the
full shore pay of his grade while so employed. |
It further proposes to authorize the President ]
to detail from the retired list of the Navy foi [
the command of squadrons and single ships such j
officers as he may believe the good of the service ;
requires to bo thus placed in command; and such
officers may, if upon the recommendation of the
President of the United States they receive a
vote of thanks of Congress for their services and
gallantry in action against an enemy, be restored
to the active list, and not otherwise. The Pres-
ident is also to have authority to sclect any officer
for the grades of captain or commander in the
Navy, and assign him to the command of a
squadron with the rank and title of a ''flag offi-
cer;" and any officer thus assigned is to have the
same authority and receive the same obedience
from the commanders of ships in his squadron
holding commissions of an older date than his,
that he would be entitled to receive were his com-
mission the oldest.
It further authorizes the Secretary of the Navy
to cause two hundred " medals of honor" to be
prepared, with suitable emblematic devices, to be
bestowed upon such petty officers, seamen, lands-
men, and marines, as shall most distinguish them-
selves by their gallantry in action and other sea-
manlike qualities during the present war; and the
sum of $1,000 is proposed to be appropriated for
this purpose. The bill also declares that the
hours of labor in the navy-yards of the United
States shall be the same as in the private ship-
yards at the post where a navy-yard is estab-
lished, and the wages to be paid to employes in
the yards shall be the average price paid to em-
ployes in private ship-yards in the same vicinity.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with certain amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was in line two, of section
three, to insert after the word "States," the
words " by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate," s« that it will read:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall have the authority to detail from the re-
tired list of the Navy for the command of squadrons and
single ships such officers as he may believe that the good
of the seivice 1 entires to be thus placed in command, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line four, of section eight, after the word " to,"
to insert the word "all."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line five, of the same section, after the words
"shall be," to insert the words "asnear as may
be."
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment of the committee was in
line six> of the same section, to insert, after the
word "employes," the words "of the same
grade."
The amendment was agreed to.
The n-'Xt amendment of the committee was to
add, at the end of the same section, the following
words: "to be determined by the commandant of
the navy-yard."
The amendment was agreed to.
Section eight, as amended, reads as follows:
Sec. 8 And be it further enacted, That the hours of labor
in the navy-yaids of the United States shall be the same as
in the private ship-Yards at the port where such navy-yard
is established, and the wages to be paid to all employs in
such yards s-hall be, as near as may be, the aveiage price
paid to employes of the same giade in pi ivate ship-yards in
the same vicinity, to be deteinuned by the commandant ot
the navy ynid.
Mr. GRIMES. There are two or three typo-
graphical errors that need correction. In the third
line of the fourth section, the word " for" should
be "from;" so as to read:
That the President of the United States shall have au-
thoiity to select any officer from the grades of captains. Sec.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made if there is no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. GRIMES. In the third line of the fifth
section, the word " this" should be " their;" so
that it will read:
That all officers retired under the provisions of this act
shail leceive the retired pay of their grade.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made if there is no objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the necessity
of a reform in the Navy, by which young, active,
enterprising officers shall be substituted for the
old and unseaworthy, seems to be admitted by all.
The experience of every naval service in the world
j shows that old officers, however valuable they
j may be for counsel and for shore duty, are gon-
orally incompetent to perform the arduous duties
! of a captain or commander of a fleet in times
j of active hostilities. In times of peace, when
I their ships have the full complementof a captain.
lieutenants, masters, passed midshipmen, and
midshipmen, and when their duty does not re-
quire them to appearupon deck except when the
sun shines and the sea is smooth, these old gentle-
men may fulfill all of the purposes of their office;
but in times like these, wiien the line of the ser-
vice is so reduced that but one lieutenant can be
allowed to a ship, instead of five or six, as for-
merly, it is not reasonable to expect that they can
endure all the privations and hardships that their
positions as commanders would demand of them.
More is required of a naval than of a military
commander. The naval officer must contend
against the elements as well as against the pub-
lic enemy. His command is always, to a great
extent, independent of others; and he must rely,
in a great measure, upon his own ship for his
means of attack and defense. He must be a
thorough sailor, a skillful navigator and gunner;
he must have enterprise and courage; he must
have the power to inspire his crew with confi-
dence; and in order to have these qualifications,
he must have a clear head and a sound body.
Some old officers possess all of these qualities in
an eminent degree, and such will be recalled to
the service. The country cannot spare any man
who is really fit for efficient, active duty; and
therefore this bill makes provision for the lesto-
ration of such. But there are many who tread the
deck with a feeble step, and the country requires
that all such should give place to younger men.
Their claims, based upon long-continued service,
must give way before the necessities of the coun-
try.
This bill proposes to retire all persons who have
been in the service more than forty years, upon
the annual pay of §1,738 each, thus disposing of
all the captains in the service. Their present
leave or waiting orders pay is $3,000 each; the
diminution of expenses will therefore be to the
Government $1,268 for each captain who may not
hereafter be assigned to duty, either ashore or
afloat. Some of the captains who will be retired
under the first section of the bill are very compe-
tent officers, and will doubtless be immediately
assigned to duty again; while a large majority of
them are believed to be incompetent for the ardu-
ous duties of the blockade. If so, and the chief
of the Department must judge of that, it is obvi-
ously unjust that they should be quietly and
safely drawing their large pay of $3,000 a year at
home, while their juniors in rank, and receiving
a much smaller pay, shall be performing all the
service afloat.
The second and third sections of the bill provide
for the temporary restoration and employment of
such old officers as may be deemed qualified for
duty, with the full pay of their respective ranks;
and the third section contains a provision that any
one of them who, upon the recommendation of
the President, shall receive a vote of the thanks of
Congress for gallantry in action,may be restored
to the active list. This provision was intended
as an incentive to deeds of noble daring, and as a
reward for their performance.
The fourth section declares that the President
may select any officer from the grades of captain
and commander, and assign him to the command
of a squadron, with the rank and title of " flag
officer," and requires obedience to his orders on
the part of commanders of vessels in his squad-
ron the dates of whose commissions are older
than his. As the law now stands, seniority con-
fers rank. The officer holding the oldest com-
mission in a squadron commands it. Under the
present rule, if it is believed that an officer hold-
ing a younger commission than others in asquad-
ron is the proper person to command it, and it is
known that the senior officers are perfectly com-
petent to command their ships; yet, in order to
secure the proper man to command thesquadion,
all these senior officers must be detachcd from
their ships, and officers junior to the flag officer
put in command of them, and thus the country
deprived of the services of many valuable com-
manders of ships. The present law proceeds upon
the idea that all officers are qualified to command
squadrons, while the fact is well known that
many of them who are excellent yard officers,
and skillful commanders of single ships, are per-
fectly incompetent to command and maneuver a
fleet. This section is designed to obviate the dif-
ficulty growing out of the present Jaw and the^
present naval foe -non scripta on this subject, and-
