3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
members of the House who were in the vote of the
House, and thus the members of the committee
represent their respective Houses. Now, I notice
that the committee in tins case has not been ap-
pointed in accordance with that rule. The h°n"
orabie Senator from Illinois, tho chairman of the
committee, was not in the vote of the Senate, anil
did not represent the vote of the Senate. 01 course
it is very easy for members who arc not in a vote
to a°ree to waive it. It is agreeing that they will
abide by their votes, and that tho Senate shall give
up theirs; but that it* not the principle on which
a committee of conference is organized. As I be-
fore remarked, the committee is supposed to rep-
resent the votes of the respective Houses, and not
to be appointed in opposition to the votes of the
respective Houses. Had the appointment been
in accordance with parliamentary law, 1 wilt not
say it is Yery clear but it is quite probable that
the reportof the committee would have been other-
wise, for we have now not a unanimous repoit.
Two out of the threo member:? of the committee
agree, and thr third dissents. Those two would
perhaps represent the vote oj the feenatc if they
had been in the vote of the Senate, but not having
been in it, they do not represent tho vote of the
Senate. . , , .
Mr.TRUMBULL. I do not wish to go into this
matter with the Senator from Connecticut. He is
evidently very sore, as welt as the Senator from
"Wisconsin, over some action which the Senate
thought proper to take. in regard to a report of a
former committee of conference. There an: some
seven or ei^lit, 1 do not know but more, amend-
ments made by the Senate to the House btll in this
case. Tin-Senator (limits proper tos.iy thai I was
not in the v()to of the Senate. 1 voted lot the bill
ill the Senate; 1 voted for ileally all tlie amend-
ments,ami we have succeeded in saving every one
of the amendments except one. Itmay be theease
that there is not a .Senator here who voted for all
the amendments. 1 suppose you could not raise
any committee on that principle. However, as
this evidently arises out of a little soreness on the
part of my friend from Connecticut in regard to
another matter, 1 will not indulge in any remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agini-iug to the repoit.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yens and nays.
The vests and nays weie ordered.
The Seei-etury proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. COWAN, (when Mr. Dooi.itti.e's name
■Was called.) I beg leave to stale to the Senate that
the Senator from Wisconsin is ill and confined to
his room.
The result was announced—yens 21, nays 8; as
follows:
YBArf--Mc.-it.id. Atitlnui), Biownlng, ClniU, ('ollamci,
Cowan,Dixun, I'V^omlen, Font, FihUM",Grime-, H«u-
liUK U.uiK Hmvani, Howe, Kiuir, Lain- of Jiuiiaim, Lane
ivuma-, ill, Ponicnn , .Mn;ininii, Simmons, rSuimit.-i,
Ton fsv^lt, TnunlmU, Wade, and Wiijilit--''27
NAVtf—B,i\.ml,('ailiir, Davis, Henderson, NVs-
will>, Powell, tfunMmiy, and Stiuk—y. *
So the reportof the committee was concurred in.
MESSAGE ITiiOM TIU'l 1I0USB.
A mpmw fiom the House of Representatives
by Mr, Etitriudok, it« Clerk, announced that the
Houhp hud passed a btll (No. 553) to establish
additional p< xt mutes; in which tho concurrence
of the Semito was requested.
HOUSE BILL UEnSUlvED.
The bill (No. 553) to establish additional post
routes was read twice by lis title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Ofliee and Post Roads.
LOUISA. ABEUT BYRNE.
Mr, FOSTER. I now move to take up House
bill No. 328
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Sherman
in tho chair ) The question now is on tho motion
of the Senator fiom Connecticut to postpone all
prior orders and take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr, SAULSOURY. Would it be in order to
move to postpone nil prior orders and take up the
resolution passed by the House of Representa-
tives to adjourn to-day with a view of changing
the day.5 If it is, I make that motion.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. There a mo-
tion pending, made by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, to postpone ail prior orders and take up a
certain bill, and the question must first be puton
that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Commi ttee of the Whole, proceeded to considei
the bill (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Byrne, which directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Louisa Abeit Byrne, widow
of the late Surgeon Bernard M. Byrne, of the
United States Army, on the pension roll at the
rale of forty dollars per month, from the 6th day
of September, I860, for and during her natural
llfThe Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out the words
" natural life," and to insert " widowhood.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case ?
Mr, FOSTER. There is a report which was
made in the House of Representatives.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
Tho Secretary read the following report, made
in the House of Representatives on March 5, by
Mr. Stevens, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions:
Tho Committee 011 Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the petition ot' Louisa A. Byrne, asking tor a pen-
sion, lidvlnij hail the same under consideration, report:
It appeal's that the petiuonei is the widow ol Bernard M.
Byrne, who was a surgeon in Ihe regular Atiliy, and who
died ol yellow fever ;u Foil Moulli le in 1800, while in the
di-cliariin of his duty; that -.he has three vonng children,
and asks a pension ol tho Government. The certificates
are ample to tiie above facts, and the committee iiiiani
mously ask the passage of the accompanying hill-
Mr. FOSTER. I will state that the amendment
recommended by the committoe of the Senate was
to strike out the words " natural life" and to in-
sei t 41 widowhood," to make tho bill til accord-
ance with the general law. Willie I am up, I will
only say further, that the bill now provides tho
saint! pension that will be provided by the general
law if it, passes; but this bill having- passed the
House, and it being a ease which we thought en
titled to relief, we thought it would be, too rigorous
to compel the party to go through the same again
al the Pension Office. It gives her no more than
she would be entitled to if our general law passes
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed
LAWRENCE P. N. I.ANDttUJl.
Mr, FOSTER. There is one other bill which
while the Senate are oil this subject, I ask to have
considered, and that is House bill No. 530.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
til Committee of the Whole, pioceedcd to con
aider the Lull (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension
to Lawrence P. N. Landruin, of Taylor county
Kentucky. It directs the Secretary of the Into-
inn to place the name of Lawrence P. N. Lan
drum, of Taylor county, Kentucky, on the roll of
invalid pensions of the United States, and to pay
lo him ninety-six dollars per annum, to bo com
puted from the23d day of March, 186'2.
Mr. FOSTER. There is no written report in
this ease, and 1 will say a very few words—it will
take but a very few—lo explain the facts on which
it rests.
Mr. Landtum enlisted into the service of til
United States as a private in tho Army, in Ken
tm-ky, in the month of October last, for the period
of the present war. About tiventy-five had thus
enlisted to inako up a company which was to b
under the command of a Captain Taylor, and til
regiment to which this company was to be at-
tached was to form a part of the brigade of Gen
era! Ward, of Kentucky. In the neighborhood
where these men were, whete they had enlisted, be
fore the company was filled up, there was a man
residing, by tile name of Hutchinson, who was
notorious secessionist, and whose house was th
resort of the marauding secessionists of Kentucky
who weie disturbing the peqpc of the neighbo
hood and warring upon the Government. General
Ward directed Captain Taylor to take a party of
forty men of his recruits and go to Hutchinson"
house and arrest him, m order that this secession
den might be broken up. Landrum was one of
the men who went with Captain Taylur for th
purpose. They came in the neighborhood of the
house about two o'clock in the morning, and
found a party of secessionists, some seventy-fiv
or one hundred, there in arms defending the house
Captain Taylor's party was fired upon by them
and Landrum had eight balls shot through Inm
His left leg was brokeii in three places, hisshou
der was broken,and he was left upon the ground
for dead. After lying, however, from that time
almost until the present, he has so far recovered
as that lie is able to go upon crutches and will
probably live a period at least, a cripple, maimed
for life. He had not been mustered into the ser-
vice, and his company in consequence of this
transaction—or at all events it has not since been
mustered in. He has not been mustered, and un-
der the law, therefore, is not entitled to a pension;
but the committee thought it was as clear a case
as could be that the party was entitled to relief.
The only question with tho committee was whether
they should recommend an increase of the pen-
sion; for this man enlisted under the belief, and
with good reason to suppose that lie would be a
lieutenant in the company, and would have been
a lieutenant if the company had been organized
and he had not thus been so terribly wounded.
Under these circumstances, lus pension would be
fifteen instead of eight dollars per month. Ihe
committee thought that for a young man as he is,
with all his prospects for life destroyed, fifteen
dollais a month would be little enough. They did
not, however, recommend tho amendment; and it
stands, therefoie, as it came from the House at
eight dollars per month. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NATIONAL ARSENALS.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to take up Senate bill No.
342, for the establishment of certain national ar-
senals, which was the unfinished business of the
last session of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied that this bill will
give rise to some discussion. There were speeches
ofseveral hours made on it on previous occasions,
and undoubtedly they will all have to be repeated
to-day; and I feel it my duty again to ask atten-
tion to tho consideration of the bill which I gave
noticc I should move to take up to-day. It is a
bill from the House relating to the Navy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. WADE. I hope thcSenator will permit this
bill to pass. This is a Senate bill; and as we are
getting towards the end of thesession,itbecomes
important that those bills should be put on then-
passage, if they are going to be passed at all. The
bill which the Senator desires to take up is a House
bill, and that, of course, will pass. It will go
through of its own weight. I hope the Senator
will not make any objection to this bill. I do not
think it is going to be debated.
The motion was agi-ped to; and the Senate, as
ill Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 342) for the establish-
ment of certain national arsenals.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. When this bill
was last under consideration, the Senator from Il-
linois [Mr. Biiownino] moved to amend by strik-
ing out the words " on Rock Island,"and inserting
"atCtuincy." The Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] moved to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out "duincy," and inserting "Keokuk."
The direct question before the Senate is on the
amendment to the amendment, being a question
of choice between those two localities.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Illinois, to strike out the words " oil Rock
Island," and insert " at Qumcy."
Mr. BROWNING. I will add only a word to
what I said on this subject the other day when
this bill was under consideration. Among other
reasons urged why Rock Island ought to be se-
lected as the place, if an arsenal is established on
the Mississippi liver at all, was the fact of a res-
ervation of land there by the Government of the
United States for such purposes. I have received
duting the present session several com in u m cations
fiom a number of persons who claim that land,
and who are prosecuting their claims, I believe,
for it. I think it has all been preempted or settled
upon, and the whole of it will have to be litigated
befoie the question of ownership can lie decided.
The papers that have been sent me upon that sub-
ject, giving evidence of the character of the claims,
I have not with me at present, but can at any time
produce them, if it shall be deemed necessaiy to
