1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Troy,
New York, praying that homoeopathic surgeons
may be made eligible to at least one eighth of the
surgical appointments in the Army and Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying for the total abolition of slavery-
throughout the country; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Air. TEN EYCK presented additional papers
in the case of Olin Spencer Wood, late temporary
naval storekeeper at St. Paul de Loando, on the
coast of Africa;* which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a letter of W. B.
Shubrick, chairman of the Light-House Board, to
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a re-
port of the Light-House Board in relation to the
transfer of the light-house establishment to the
Navy Department, as proposed in a bill now be-
fore the Senate to reorganize the Navy Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of A.N.
Blumer and one hundred and five others, citizens
of Iowa, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was ordered to he
on the table. #
Mr. COLLAMER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Vermont, praying for the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia and the liberation
of slaves belonging to persons in rebellion against
the Government; which was ordered to he on the
tabic.
MESSAGE FROM TII13 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Cleric, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution:
A bill (No. 318) to prohibit the allowance or
payment of pensions to the children of officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution;
A bill (No. 334) lelaling to the nppointmentand
compensation of chaplains to military hospitals;
and
A joint resolution (No. 4G) relating to the sale
of goods unfit for use by the War Department.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the (JnKed States had approved and signed,
on the 4th of March, an act (li.R. No. 104) fix-
ing the number of the House of Representatives
from and after the 3d of March, 1863. ,
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives agioed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of tin: Senate to the hill (H.
R. No. 208) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending t he 3()ih of .Tune,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending the 30th of June,'M;}, and agreed to the
thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
The Semite proceeded to consider the action of
the HotiS'* of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. FESSEN DEN, it was
Raohrd. That tin- Senate insist upon it< amendments- to
the bill (II. R. No. '20K) makm^uppiopuatnni-. lor the le ^-
lative, PYi'eatfve, and judicial expen^'sof the Government
foi ihe ve.ir ending the 3<Hh of June, Jand additional
appsopi nitionv lor the year ending the 3L)th of June, 1Kb!,
di.^a^ieed to by the fIou>e of Repie-entahvo-, di^ayree to
thp amendment of the Ilous-e to the thmy-iltfh amendment
of the Senate to the said lull, .md a-k «i eonlcienee on the
disagu-euig votes of the two Hon-e^ theieon.
Ordered, That the committee of eonleience on the pait
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The Vice Prcsidentappomled Mr. Fessenden,
Mr. Harlan, and Mr. McDougai.l.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
lesentativi.-s, by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House insisted npon its disa-
greement^ certain.amendments of the Senate to
frio bill of the House (No. 208) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the yetir'endmo-
the 30th of June, 13(33, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending ilie 30:h of June, lb02,
insisted upon by the Senate, and insisted upon its
amendment to the thirty-fifth amendment of the
Senate to the said bill, disagreed to by the Senate,
and agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on; and that Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. James Buffinton of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. W. McKee Dunn of Indiana,
were managers at the conference on its part.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally rea'd twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 318) to prohibit the allowance or
payment of pensions to the children of officers and
soldiers of the war of the Revolution—to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 334) relating to the appointment and
compensation of chaplains to military hospitals—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A joint resolution (No. 46) relating to the sale
of goods unfit for use by the War Department—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No.
259) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 1863, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2%) to authorize additional
mailable matter, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 244) to establish
a postal money order system, reported adversely
thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. No. 22) pro-
viding for the payment of the awards of the com-
mission to investigate the military claims in the
department of the West.
Also, that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
122) providing for the organization of the staff
attached to divisions of the Army of the United
States, regular and volunteer, with amendments;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
1 ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled resolution (S.
No. 45) for the relief of William 11. Nobles.
CAPTAIN GOLDSBOROUGH.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred a message of thcPiesident
of the United States, recommending that Captain
Louis M. Goldsborough receive a vote of thanks
of Congress for his services and gallantry, dis-
played in the combined attack of the forces com-
manded by him and Brigadier General Rurnside,
in the eapiute of Roanoke islnnd and the destruc-
tion of rebel gunboats, on the 7th, 8th, and 10th
of February, 1862, have instructed me to report
a joint resolution tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Commodore Goldsborough, as recom-
mended by the President. If there is no objee-*
tion, I suppose it maybe puton its passage at once.
1 presume it will give rise to no discussion.
There being no objection, the joint lesolution
(S. No. 61) tendering the thanks of Congress to
Ca ptain Louis M. Golds bo rough and officers, petty
officers, seamen, and mat ines under his command
for the victory at Roanoke island, was read three
times and passed.
LIEUTENANT M. B. WOOLSEY.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no business press-
ing this morning, I should like very much to have
tho Senate take up Senate bill No. 142, a bill re-
lating to Congress; an'd for that purpose I move
to postpone all prior orders.
Mr. CARLILE. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will give way for one moment.
Mr, SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire—it will not take long
—that the Senate should consider the motion which
I had entered yesterday to reconsider the vote by
which the hill (S. No. 88) to'restore Lieutenant
M. B. Woolsey to the active service list of the
Navy, was, upon the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, indefinitely postponed.
I will detain the Senate but a moment by saying
that my attention was called to the merits of this
bill by the wife of Lieutenant Woolsey, she being
a native of Virginia. He, however, is a resident
of Connecticut—a native of the North. He was
retired, as it appears from the letters of Commo-
dore Dupont and others that accompany the pa-
pers, because of what was supposed to be perma-
nent physical disability. It has turned out that
that was not correct. Commodore Dupont recom-
mends his restoration and the Secretary of the
Navy recommends it. He tendered his services
to the Government immediately upon the breaking
out of hostilities, and has been in very active and
arduous service ever since.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to taking up that
case, because I kno.w, being a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that it received con-
sideration, and it will meet opposition. It will take
time if the Senator desires to press the consider-
ation of the subject. If he desires only to have
it referred, I shall have no objection.
Mr. CARLILE. I want "to have the motion
to indefinitely postpone the bill reconsidered, and
then it can lie over.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator proposes to re-
commit it to the Committee on Naval Affairs, I
suppose there will be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no objection
to that; and then the Senator can make any show-
ing he desires before the committee.
Mr. CARLILE. I will take that course. I
hope, then, the vote will be reconsidered, and the
bill recommitted to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was indefinitely postponed, was agreed to-
and the bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
EXPENSES OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion that
all prior orders be postponed, and that the Senate
take up the bill (S. No. 142) relating to Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to submit one or two
amendments to the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The Chair is informed that there is
an amendment pending which has not yet been
acted upon. The question is on an amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Tiskt Eyok,] m the ninth and tenth lines of the
fifth section, to strike out the word "document,"
and insert " folding" in each place; so as to make
the clause read:
One superintendent of folding-room, $1,500; two aspist-
antj in ioiding-ioom, $1,08U.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to correspond with
the action of the Senate since we have had this
bill under consideration, I move, in line seven of
the first section, to stiike out "30th day of June,
1862," and insert " 4th day of March, 1863;" so
that the new mileage for members of Congress will
not commence until after the close of the present
Congress.
Tine amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move to strike out,
in the tenth line of the first section, the word
ten," and to insert " twenty;" so that the mile-
age shall be twenty cents per mile.
'After some debate the Senate agreed to twenty
cents a mile, and although I think ten cents is
enough, I shall not renew the discussion, butyield
to the vote of the Senate already taken.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I desire to submit a small amend-
ment in the fifth section. I move in the fifth line
of that section to strike out " in his department, to
be appointed by him;" and in the sixth line, after
the word " postmaster," to insert " chosen by the
Senate;" so as to make the clause read:
There shall be one po-tmastei. chosen by the Senate,
who 'dnill iceeive >1.500.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr FESSENDEN I move to reconsider the
