1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3015
examine them. If an arsenal were located there,
the right and title to the property would be in-
volved in litigation, I apprehend, for a long time.
I do not desire to detain the Senate with any ar-
gument in regard to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator from Illi-
nois is in error. So far from this land having been
preempted, the parties who have applied to pre-
empt nave on every occasion been rejected, on the
ground that this land was not public land, but a
part of a military reservation. The parties who
desired to squat on it appealed to Congress, and
the subject was before the Committee on Public
Lands, some four or five years ago, and has been,
I think, mentioned several times since; but, after
a thorough examination of the subject, the com-
mittee believed they had no grounds for a claim
to preempt whatever; so that they have not pre-
empted, and cannot preempt, as the land is not
public land but a part of a military reservation.
Mr. BROWNING. I did not intend to assert
that it had been preempted, but that it was either
preempted or settled upon, and that preemptions
were claimcd; and if that is the fact, that it is set-
tled upon and preemption rights are claimed, those
claims will be a subject of litigation. They are
not, perhaps, actual litigations now pending, but
it will be a subject of contest and controversy.
Those claims are being urged by the settlers upon
the land, and they will have to be disposed of be-
fore we can get it for public use, if it were determ-
ined to establish an arsenal upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator knows as well
as any other Senator that parties are incapable of
bringing a suit against the United States for this
land. Such a thing is unheard of.
Mr. BROWNING. And I know tolerably well
parties are capable of presenting claims to Con-
gress, and continuing them from year to year, per-
haps even fifty years. It would be one of those
perpetual, unceasing causes of controversy, and
of continued claim and application to Congress,
and is involved in a great deal of difficulty and
trouble, as all lands that are so situated are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have been con-
tent to leave the bill as the Senate committee re-
ported it, after the committee had agreed upon a
place where this arsenal was to bo located; and
knowing the great diversities of interests in the
State of Illinois, and the number of places that
were insistingupon having the arsenal established
in their particular locality, as a representative of
the State, after the matter had been investigated
by the committee, I should not have made a mo-
tion to change the location; but my colleague has
thought proper to move to insert Gtuincy in the
place of Rock Island. Now, if a change is to be
made, Gtuincy is not the place. The city in which
I reside, Alton, has altogether superior advantages
over the city of Gtuincy. It is situated within
twenty-five miles of the city of St. Louis; it is on
the Mississippi river; it is a point where boats
run nearly the entire year, while there arc months
m the year that you cannot get to Gtuincy. The
river is frozen up at Gtuincy for months. Alton
is upon the high bluffs of the Mississippi river,
near the mouth of the Missouri river, at a point
which could ipe easily defended. It is a place
where property is cheap, where there are large
founderics, where coal is abundant—dug right
under the city, I may say, and all about it. Coal
is as cheap there as at any point in the State of
Illinois. It is contiguous to St. Louis, and steam-
boats are plying daily on the river, backwards and
forwards. All the material and everything could
be procured there at any season of the year, and
at very cheap rates. It is a natural point, where
om troops have been fitted out. Why, sir, in the
Mexican war, when the State of Illinois sought
a rendezvous for her troops to be organized and
marshaled before they should go to join the armies
that were to march to Mexico, Alton was selected
as a place of rendezvous. Our troops were mus-
teied into service there. During the present war
a number of regiments have been stationed at
Alton, not for the purpose of protecting the town
of Alton, but as the most convenient point in the
State to organize troops. Alton was the place of
deposit for the arms of the State for many years.
Ail the State arms we had were kept there because
it V'us the most convenient place.
How is it with Gtuincy? Gtuincy is on the Mis-
sissippi nvcr, at a point whore the river freezes
over. It is not at a point where troops would be
assembled for the purpose of being armed and fit-
ted out, unless they are sent there for the very
reason that the arsenal is located there. At the
present time, most of our troops have been mus-
tered into service at the capital, Springfield, the
seat of government, and it would have been more
convenient to have had the arms there. A great
portion of the arms that were taken to Springfield
were taken through tho city of Alton. The first
twenty thousand arms distributed among our
troops came up from Alton, landed there from
steam boats, and taken up to the city of Springfield,
and there distributed to the troops. There is not
a point in the State of Illinois where property so
accessible can be purchased at more reasonable
prices than in the city of Alton. It is a healthy
location, and there is everything to recommend it.
But, sir, the Committee on Military Affairs had
agreed upon Rock Island. I know the island of
Rock Island had been reserved for many years as
a suitable situation for an armory; but so far as
the State of Illinois is concerned, if we were look-
ing to that alone, Rock Island is surely not the
place for Illinois, nor Gtuincy either. But if you
look to the whole Northwest, to the States of Min-
nesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Kansas—if you
look to that whole country, Rock Island becomes
acccssible to other States. If, however, each State
was to have an arsenal of its own, or a place for
fittingup arms,repairingthem,and manufacturing
them, Rock Island certainly would not be the point
for the State of Illinois. 1 think Alton would be
as good as any point in the State, for our State
simply; but when you look to the whole North-
west, I agree that Rock Island is a very good lo-
cation. Now, sir, inasmuch as a motion has been
made to strikeout Rock Island and insert Gtuincy,
I must insist, if there is to be a change, that it
shall be to the town of Alton; and I move to strike
out Gtuincy and insert Alton.
Mr. WADE. I do not desire to take up any
time in arguing this question. I will barely re-
peat what I said before, that the Committee on
Military Affairs have had this whole subject un-
der consideration. I have no doubt they took
into consideration all the advantages and disad-
vantages of these several locations. Those things
did not escape their observation; and I believe
now that it cannot be shown that they did not
select, under all the circumstances, the best loca-
tions that could be found. I have listened to all
these arguments, and I have no doubt there arc
many good places at which we might establish
these arsenals; but when we want to accommodate
the whole public, I do not believe we shall better
the bill by attempted alteration. I hope we shall
stand by the doings of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, to strike
out Gtuincy and insert Alton.
Mr. BROWNING. There is not an argument
urged by my colleague in favor of Alton that does
not exist just as stiongly in favor of Gtuincy as
it docs in favor of Alton, with the exception that
there arc perhaps two or three weeks more in the
year of open navigation to Alton than there is to
Ctuincy. My colleague is exceedingly mistaken
when he supposes that the river is frozen over at
Gtuincy for a considerable portion of the year.
There is very rarely a month in the year—there
sometimes is perhaps two months consecutively
—when navigation is not open to Gtuincy; but it
is a very rare occurrence. In a majority of the
years there is not one month passes without navi-
gation being open there, and boats of large size
arriving and departing from that place. The
question of navigation is one of only two or three
weeks' difference between the two places.
f do not suppose we need two arsenals on the
Mississippi river within twenty-five miles of each
other. There is ojno at St. Louis, and Alton lies
right in the shade of St. Louis; or rather, as I
suppose my colleague and some others would
think, St. Louis lies right under the shade of Al-
ton. Every advantage that would accrue to any
other portion of the country from having an arse-
nal at Alton is already secured by having one at.
St. Louis.
The objections he urges against Gtuincy, arising
from the'intensity of the cold that sometimes pre-
vails, exists ina tenfold degree against Rock Island,
which he thinks is a remarkably suitable place for
it. Navigation is open to Gtuincy almost the en-
tire year round. Unobstructed navigation is not
open to Rock Island upon an average of exceed-
ing three months when there are not obstructions
either from the state of the water upon the rapids
or from the ice in the river; and yet when applied
to Gtuincy, the fact that there is sometimes an ob-
struction of ice is insurmountable, and it is no
objection whatever when it exists in a tenfold
greater degree to Rock Island. Now, sir, in re-
gard to position, the Senator says that Alton is a
natural point. I was of the impression that Gtuincy
and Rock Island were natural points also. I ap-
prehend nature had just as much to do with the
one as it had with the other. It located them all.
There is as great an abundance of material of every
character that can be required for the construction
and maintenance of an arsenal at Ctuincy as at any
other place. I do not say there is more. I do not
put it upon the ground that there is any very pre-
eminent advantage in Gtuincy over many other
places that might be selected in Illinois; but if you
locate it at all, it must be located at some one place,
and I venture to say there is no one place that you
can name that combines more advantages than
Ctuincy does. As I said on a former occasion, it
is precisely on the parallel due east and west with
a number of important places that I named. Kan-
sas and all our western possessions are accessible
by that point alone at present by railroad commu-
nication. There is at present a railroad from Chi-
cago to Gtuincy; and when you get to Chicago,
you have communication every where else. That
road intersects and bisects quite a number of other
reads running east and west across that region of
country. There is another road from Toledo,
Ohio, to Gtuincy, making two direct connections
with the Atlantic coast. From Ctuincy west there
isaroad that penetrates Kansas, and the only one
which from any point on the Mississippi does
penetrate the States or Territories west of us.
Gtuincy is as nearly a ccntral point for the three
States of Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois ^ could be
selected. You perhaps could not select any other
one point thnt would be so nearly central for those
three States, taking them together in one body, as
this point is. Kansas lies due west of it; Mis-
souri lies due west of it; and Colorado also. Den-
ver City is precisely on the same parallel due west
from Gtuincy, with a road projected, though not
yet constructed, across the continent to the Pacific
coast. For the purposes of convenience and ac-
commodation of a large region of country and an
immense mass of population, I venture to say—
not claiming anything very peculiar for Gtuincy
at all—there is no other point that combines to as
great an extent as this does all the advantages we
ought to seek in the location of an arsenal.
Now, I am not fully satisfied of the propriety
of locating these arsenals at present at ah. I am
by no means satisfied that it is expedient and
proper for the Government, at this time, to be
establishing an additional number of arsenals at a
considerable cost. But, sir, if they are established,
I certainly have a choice as to the place of loca-
tion of that one which it is intended shall be placed
in the State of Illinois. It may be—gentlemen
who have examined this matter are more compe-
tent to judge of it than I am—that it is wise and
expedient to provide for their establishment now.
I am not satisfied upon that subject. The Senator
from Ohio says that the Committee on Military
Affairs had this matter, and all these places, under
consideration, and have, no doubt, selected the
best. I never knew that the committee was in-
vestigating this subject at all. It was not necessary
that I should know it; but if they were investi-
gating the relative claims of different places in Illi-
nois, I might possibly have been able to give that
committee some infoimation, if they had thought
proper to afford me the opportunity of doing so.
I think it likely that other places may have been
represented before the committee. I do not know
that they were; and I make no complaint at all
that I was not afforded an opportunity of present-
ing the claims of this place. I only say, in reply
to the suggestion, that the committee have inves-
tigated the claims of all these places, that it would
have been nothing more than courteous in the
committee, while they were doing so, to afford
mean opportunity of giving them information that
I know they did not possess, and could not pos-
sess. I do not want Ctuincy to be foreclosed by
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio that it
has already had a hearing, and its claims been
ignored.
