1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
vote on the amendment relative to the superin-
tendents of the document-room and the folding-
room.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Ten.Eyck] was adopted.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not know whether it
is courteous to resist this motion at this time. I
wish to say something on the proposed amend-
ment; but 1 have no wish to come in conflict with
the Senator from Maine in regard to what is cour-
teous or proper in my action. I suppose, per-
haps, that the view I have of the matter may be
stated as well upon this motion as upon the amend-
ment itself, if the reconsideration were had.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have it
reconsidered, and then it will be open to discus-
sion. I did not observe that the vote was taken
at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote adopting the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend from
Maine will be satisfied with a vote in the Senate
after the bill is reported.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it ought to be re-
considered. I did not observe it when the vote
was taken. «
Mr. TEN EYCK. It has occurred to me, sir,
that if there was to be at this time, under the idea
of retrenchment, the abolishment of one of these
offices, either that of the superintendent of the
document-room or of the superintendent of the
folding-room, the facts connected with both these
rooms were of such a character as to induce the
Senate to retain the superintendent of the folding-
room and not the superintcndcutof the document-
room; but I was in hopes that before this bill was
finally acted upon, we should know first whether
or not the bill abolishing the franking privilege is
to pass, because I think that is an important mat-
ter to be considered in connection with this ques-
tion. If the bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege should pass, then it may well be that the
office of one of these superintendents may be abol-
ished; but if that bill does not pass, I have no
doubt that both these superintendents will be re-
quired. I did notwish to anticipate a debate upon
that subject when the circumstances of the case
might changc our views in relation to the pro-
priety of amending this bill in the particular pro-
posed, as it came from the committee originally,
striking out one of these offices. But, sir, we
have no control of that matter now, and I have
taken the pains myself to investigate the facts, in-
asmuch as I fro! some personal interest m the
party who has charge of the folding-room, and I
suppose the Senator from Maine perhaps will not
deny that he feels some interest in the superintend-
ent of the documcnt-room. I admit fiankly here
that in behalfof afriendand acquaintance of mine,
who occupies a position in the folding-room, I de-
site that the facts connected with that room may
be stated to the Senate shortly.
It seems to me that while the franking privilege
is i«i existence, we cannot dispense with this su-
perintendent at all; and although the Senate have
an outline or general knowledge of the amount of
documents, books, &c., dispatched fiom that es-
tablishment, 1 apprehend they have no notion or
just idea, such as the statistics will show, in con-
nection with its opeiations. I will briefly state
that there weie received at the foldmgdepartment
during the year 1861,155,200 bound books, which
have to be folded and proportioned off to each Sen-
ator, and kept in that department subject to their
order. Duung the year 18GJ, 389,250 speeches
and Dailv Globes were icceived and folded, for
which 786 different leceipts were signed, of all of
which a regular book account is kept. Of the
bound books, 32,780 were delivered, one copy at
a time, to pages and other persons,per order. It
is also the duty of the folding department to send
to each foreign minister and the different depart-
ments of the General Government one copy or
more of every bill before the Senate, and of all
documents ordered; likewise one bound volume
of every work. There have been 1,930 letters
received and answered within the last six months
in this department pertaining to its business.
The duty of the supei in ten dent of the document-
room, as 1 understand, is to receive one bound
copy for each Senatorof all books,and annually,
in bulk, after they are all received, to send them
to the residence of each Senator; also to put all
bills on the Senators'desks, and keep the surplus
when occasionally called for, making in a full
Senate seventy,and the present Senate fifty desks
to be supplied; while the folding department sends
forty-sets of all bills twice a week to the foreign
ministers and heads of Departments, and forty-
seven sets of all bound books—within seven sets
of the whole duty performed by the document-
room in this respect alone.
One comparison is only necessary, and every-
thing is explained. Take the Agricultural Patent
Office Reports; twenty thousand copies are or-
dered, they are sent to the folding-room, there
folded and retained subject to the Senators' orders;
in three or four months after seventy bound copies
arc sent to the document-room, one for each Sen-
ator. Every Senator is aware that when he de-
sires a book, say the Patent Office Report, or any
other ordered by the Senate, he sends to the fold-
ing-room for it.
This shows that there is a vast amount of labor
performed in the folding-room necessarily, infi-
nitely more extensive than that connected with
the document-room, under the present act whiclr
authorizes the franking privilege: but suppose the
franking privilege should be denied and refused
hereafter, still there would be a very large amount
of work to be done in the folding-room, though
not so large of course as at present. The Globe
does not require a frank, for it goes free by act of
Congress. During a long session, six thousand
sets of four volumes each have been heretofore dis-
tributed, making twenty-four thousand volumes.
The President's message and the finance report
will probably be printed for distribution after the
abolition of the fianking privilege, if it shall be
abolished. It is supposed, too, that, notwithstand-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege, speeches
which are made by Senators, although they may
not be scattered broadcast over the land in the
way m which they have been, will continue to be
printed and sent by Senators to their several con-
stituents.
1 have contented myself with stating these sim-
ple facts before the Senate, with a view to bring
them to a determination in relation to the choice
which they may be called upon to make, so far as
regards the retrenching of one or the other of these
two offices. T beg leave to say that it is with ex-
ceeding great pain that I moved my amendment
under the existing circumstances, because I have
had some intercourse myself with the superin-
tendent of the document-room, and I believe him
to be a most accomplished, efficient, and faithful
officer. It is disagreeable to me to be compelled
to make my election between these gentlemen who
aie thus situated; but being compelled to make
the election, I am driven also to slate the. facts.
Air. COLLAMER. Ilad we not better take
up the franking bill first?
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is suggested tome by the
Senator from Vermont, and I think it is a wise
and discreet suggestion, that before we pass this
bill, and strike at the officers of Congress in this
particular, we should take up the bill in relation
to the franking; and I move now to suspend the
further consideration of this bill and take up the
bill to abolish the frankingprivilege. Let us settle
that question first.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that deferred until we reconsider the vote on the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey. 1
'believe it is not contrary to the ordinary custom
to reconsider a vote when it has passed without
a Senator's observation, where lie has already
made objections to it. I should like to have his
amendment stand as an original question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey
to postpone the further consideration of this bill,
for the purpose of taking up the bill abolishing
the franking privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the Senate will dis-
pose of this bill. I moved to postpone all prior
orders and take it up, with a view of having it
I disposed of. There is nothing in this bill exccpt
j small matters of detail which oughtto be arranged,
i I think the bill is now carcfully worded. This is
i the condition of affairs upon the question which
i has been discussed: there is a superintendent of
j the document-room and a superintendent of the
I folding-room; I believe all admit that we can dis-
pense with one of these officers; but the difficulty
is. thai the Senator from Maineis interested in pre-
serving one, and the Senator from New jersey
is interested in preserving the other. I do . not
care, nor does it make any difference to the public
service, which of these two officers is retained.
One of them ought to b e, and one alone is suffi-
cient; which one it shall be, I do not care.
It seems to me that we ought to dispose of this
bill.. It is a bill of some importance, and it is the
commencement of other bills. Unless Congress
will correct the abuses that have grown up in
time around our own desks here, we cannot very
well go into abuses in other departments of the
Government. It is easy to point out objections
to any bill; but this bill has been maturely con-
sidered; it has been a long time before the Senate;
every objection that could be fairly made to it has
been made, and although it may not be perfect, it
seems to me to be as perfect as we can get it. I
trust we may pass it promptly and send it to the
House of Representatives. I shall insist upon
the yeas and nays on this motion, and I shall ad-
here to the bill unless it is postponed by a major-
ity of the Senate. If it is now postponed, 1 do
not believe it will ever be brought up again. A
postponement will be the substantial defeat of the
bill. I trust, therefore, Senators will excuse me
in being persistent for the bill in its present form
and insisting on its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not unfrequently the
case that a Senator who takes a particular interest
in a particular bill which he has made, is apt to
look upon it with very different eyes from others.
The Senator from Ohio says this bill has been very
maturely considered. By whom? By the Sen-
ator from Ohio. By nobody else that I know of.
I do not know of anybody else who has had the
chance really to consider it. It has been on our
tables, I know, but I for one have had no oppor-
tunity to examine it, and it seems to me that every-
body in the Senate must understand that I have
not much opportunity to look at many bills out-
side of my own committee room. I do not know
who has maturely considered this bill except the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Claric.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ihe Senator from New
Hampshire may have considered it also; but as
to the maturity of his views I am not advised, and
I believe he rather disclaims it. I may be mis-
taken about that, however. I think the bill is
not just in many of its provisions. The Senator
from Ohio talks about the abuses that have grown
up here in the Senate, and he wishes to dispose
of them. Well, sir, there may be some; but we
who have been here a good while and have been
in the habit of considering them, are not quite so
well satisfied of the extent of those abuses as the
Senator from Ohio, who is comparatively a very
new member of the Senate, and who has suddenly
discoveied all these great abuses in the Senate.
I have not had a chance to look over the bill
minutely; but there are some very grave mistakes
in it, and mistakes that do a great deal of injus-
tice, in my opinion, to those who are connected
with the Senate. In the first place, it is not cor-
rect that everybody in the Senate concedes that
one of these two offices, either the superintendent
of the folding-room or the superintendent of the
document-room ought to be abolished. I do not
concede it by any means. 1 think that unless you
repeal the franking privilege, they both ought to
be continued; they are both necessary, both essen-
tial. That is my opinion, and, contrary to the
view expressed by the Senator from Ohio, I am
inclined to think that will be the opinion of the
majority of the Senate. If we abolish the frank-
ing privilege, my friend from New Jersey will not
contend that we want a superintendent of the fold-
ing-room; for there will be comparatively nothing
to do there; we shall have no documents to dis-
tribute,and we shall have no speeches to be folded.
It is perhaps an abuse that we fold our own
speeches in the folding-room at public expense,
and that might be abolished; but if you abolish
the franking privilege, there is nothing left com-
paratively for anybody there to do. One man
could do it all with perfect ease and with very
little labor. If you do not abolish the franking
privilege the office ought to be continued; the labor
is very considerable, undoubtedly; and whether
he is a new officer or an old one, I think he ought
