1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
at the head of thoBuieau of Provisions and Cloth-
ing—I believe to be an excellent, worthy, com-
petent, and able officer. I signed a recommenda-
tion for his being retained, and used what little
influence I had for that purpose. He is as inti-
mate a friend almost as I have in the city. I do
not know whether this hits him or not. 1 do not
care whether it hits him or not. If he is a good
officer he will be reappointed. The evil that lam
at is just this: you appoint these men without any
definite tenure, and they get in there and hold on
for life. That has been the case in the Army.
You have had men up here at the heads of these
bureaus years and years, that were not able to do
a day's work in three hundred and sixty-five.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no!
Mr. IIALE. Was it not so in the case of Gen-
eral Gibson?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was in the Army.
Mr. HALE. I know he was in the Army,and
so it has been in the Navy. The heads of these bu-
reaus will be taken care of; and unless there is some
law terminating their office, leaving the President
at liberty to reappoint them if they are fit for it,
they will hold on to theday of their death. There
can be no harm done to anybody bypassing this
general law. If the country cannot get along
without the services of these men, the President
will be at perfect liberty to reappoint them. I do
not know how many men there are at the head of
bureaus, nor how long they have been there; but,
in my humble judgment, this is a sound principle.
I am sorry to be under the necessity of saying
that I make this motion to gratify no personal
grief, nor to look to the elevation of a solitary
human being. I have got no candidate, and shall
ask for no appointment of anybody. I have got
nobody against whom I have any cause of offense;
but I believe it is a sound principle that ought to
he embodied in our legislation; and your now
Secretaries, when they come in, ought to be re-
lieved of the embarrassments of removing men
that have been there eight, ten, sixteen, or twenty
years. You ought to quietly terminate their office; I
and then if they are as good as the Senator from
Maine says—and I do not stand here to contro-
vert a word he says as to facts—they will be
reappointed.
But, sir, if wc shall look at this matter from the
high stand-point from which he required us to
look at the retiring hill, when that provision was
up, we shall find, if we have not got any friends
that are to be affected, that this is a measure em-
inently required by the public good.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Hampshire is very acute. He is a lawyer, as I
am; and if he thinks he has made a point, I have
no sort of objection; but I think I can reply to
him. When the Senator shows me that it is gen-
erally conceded that there arc incompetent men in
these places, I will pass a law to get rid of them.
Thaf was tiie principle on which T sustained the
other proposition to which he alludes—that it
was necessary to change men. He docs not aver
or pretend that there is the slightest ground of
objection to any one man at the head of a bureau
in the Navy Department. He admits, by notde-
nying what I said, that everyone of them is con-
ceded to be able, intelligent, upright, and honest.
Now, sir, there is a very great difference be-
tween a general measure affecting a great class
like Navy officers, consisting of hundreds of men,
and a proposition aiming directly af four bureaus
in a Department, where you can put your finger
on every man, and where the vote that you un-
deitalcc to pass must necessarily be considered as
striking atone or all of them. I would apply the
principle even if I had a friend in office who was
incompetent or who was suspected to be so; I
really believe I have public virtue enough not to
desire that he should be retained. The ground
on which I put it is this—and the Senator does
not undertake to controvert it with regard to these
four bureaus—that they are confessedly filled by
men of such conceded ability and integrity that in
all recent changcs of Administration it has been
thought inconsistent with the public service to
remove them by those who had the power of re-
moval.
Sir, in the bill of which wc have been speaking,
there was no power in the Government to avoid
the evils which this bill tries to remedy, and that
is the reason why we attempt to legislate upon
them. In the case now under consideration, there
is ample power; the President has it every mo-
ment, the head of the Department has it every
moment; any one of these men can be struck at
in an instant, when it is thought to be necessary
to do so.
This movement is now made here only because
some of us desire to interfere with them for some
reason, to strike directly at individuals that those
to whom they are responsible, and under whose
direction they are performing service, do not think
it proper to strike at; and for the best reasons in
the world—reasons which my friend from New
Hampshire gave. He spoke of one of these offi-
cers, said he was his intimate friend, that he signed
a recommendation that he be retained in office,
though he knew he had been there for almost if
not quite two administrations. If there is an of-
ficer whom the Senator could recommend, and
against whose removal after his being there for
two administrations he protested, why"should he
want to turn him out by a vote of the Senate, and
have him reappointed ? What is the principle on
which he would act? It is to open the door to
continued attacks upon men in office, and to give
somebody else an opportunity to beg for it who
thinks he has been excluded too long, who docs
not want to go to sea, and would rather be at the
head of a bureau and get petitions from Senators
recommending him to this bureau or to that.
Sir, I believe it is quite as well to leave this
matter to the head of the Department and to the
President, especially so long as it is a universal
concession (as farasl knowatlcast) that the men
arc eminently capable, and that we had better not
interfeie with the ordinary course of proceeding
for the purpose of striking at particular individ-
uals.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me that the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire would make these offices offices for
eight years. It would have that effect; thus giving
them a longer tenure than any other civil office,
unless a judicial office, which is practically for
life. As it stands, they are subject to removal at
any moment when the head of the Department is
satisfied they are incompetent; and as it has oper-
ated well, I think it is best to leave well enough
alone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TPIOMSON. I desire to offer, and it meets
the entire concurrence and approbation of the
Senator who introduced the bill, a small amend-
ment to make a section complete. I propose, at
the end of the fourth section, after the words
" were his commission the oldest," to insert:
And receive, when so employed, the pay to which he
would have been entitled if he were on the active hat of
the Navy.
My purpose is to provide that if an officer shall
be taken by the President of the United States
from the retired list, and placed in active com-
mand, he shall receive, not the pay of a retired
officer, but the pay of an officer on the active list,
while thus employed. The Senator from Iowa
has consented to the amendment, and I presume
there will be no difficulty about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Did I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa to say that this bill, as it was
originally drawn, retires every captain from the
Navy without exception, and that then we are to
trust to such influences as may be brought to bear
upon the President, to bring part of them back and
leave out the others ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, you may state it in
that way.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. It was read
the third time and passed.
ARMY COURTS-MARTIAL.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to ;
whom was referred th^ bill (S. No. 83) relative to ,
courts-martial m the Army, to report it back with
an amendment: and I should like to have it con-
sidered at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as m Committee of the "Whole. It provides
that in time of war the commander of a division
or separate brigade may appoint general courts-
martial, and confirm, exccute,pardon, and miti-
gate their sentences, as allowed and restrained in
the sixty-fifth and eighty-ninth articles of war to
commanders of armies and departments; but sen-
tences of such courts extending to loss of life or
dismission of a commissioned officer, are to re-
quire the confirmation of the general commanding
the army in the field to which the division or brig-
ade belongs. It is further provided that when the
division or brigade commander shall be the ac-
cuser or prosecutor of an officer under his com-
mand, the court shall be appointed by the next
higher commander.
The amendment of the committee was, in the
thirteenth line, to strike out the words " of an
officer under his command," so as to make the
proviso read:
And provided further, That when the division or brigade
commander shall be the accuser or prosecutor, the court
shall be appointed by the next higher commander.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest that the bill lie
on the table for the present. "I do not suppose
any haste is demanded. I wish to examine the
bill. Is there any occasion for its prompt pas-
sage ?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will explain the bill. It is a very brief bill,
giving to commanders of divisions in the field the
same power now possessed by commanders of
departments of the Army, in relation to courts-
martial. I will state the practical effect of it. We
have several divisions of the Army, containing
from twelve to thirteen thousand men each.
When complaints are made, they must be sent to
headquarters before a court-martial can be ordered,
and the amount of business there is so great that
these cases sometimes are not reached until the
time expires, so that a trial cannot be had; for a
person arrested can only be confined eight days
before a trial. This bill is in perfect harmony
with the rules and articles of war. The commit-
tee sent it to the Secretary ofWar, and he returned
it with this letter:
War Department, December 11,1861.
Sir: I have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the J Oth instant, mclo^mg a copy of Senate bill
No. 83, relative to eomts-maitial m the Army," on which
you ask the opinion of the Depaitmeut as to the propriety
of passing such an act
The bill has been submitted to the commanding general
of the Anny, who reports that such an act n, in his opinion,
absolutely lieee&sary to facilitate the tidnsaction of judicial
business in a huge army, and should be passed with as little
delay as possible.
The opinion of the commanding general is concuned in
and approved by this Department.
Verv respectfully, your obedient servant,
SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. H. Wilson, Chairman of the Committee on Military
•Affairs, United States Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does that letter relate to
the bill just reported ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. The bill was intro-
duced the other day,and referred to the committee.
The committee sent it to the Secretary of War,
and it has his approbation and that of the com-
manding general, and of the judge advocate gen-
eral of the Army. I presume the unanimous
sentiment of the whole Army is for it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I did not intend to object
to the bill itself. I wished simply to be advised
of its contents, which I was not advised about.
If the commanding general recommends the meas-
uie as it is submitted, I have no doubt it is pru-
dently drawn, and ought to pass; but I did not
know that before.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
there can be no doubt about the matter. The
commanding general has been pressing this bill
from the moment Congress met. Further. I will
say to the Senator that, with a large staff—very
large indeed—the commanding general finds it
utterly impossible to keep up with this kind of
business. The passage of this bill will facilitate
the dischargcof his duties and aid in the discipline
of the Army. It is very important to pass it
through as soon as possible.
Mr. McDOUGALL. In making these objec-
tions I desire my motive to be understood. I do
not think that hasty legislation is generally good
legislation. I do not sec that this legislation is
absolutely demanded of us now; and on all meas-
ures involving the discipline of the Army I should
