1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3017
good deal of trouble from that State. You provide
already an arsenal at St. Louis, and another one
at Indianapolis, I am told. This bill provides one
there at all events, and provides another in the
northeastern part of Illinois, so that you surround
it with arsenals; and if you only have guns enough
and men enough to use them, I should think Illi-
nois might be made to keep the peace hereafter.
Mr. President, there has been a general feel-
ing throughout the country that there ought to be
some place provided in the western country for
the manufacture of arms. A great many places
have been named for that purpose, and I have
no doubt they all have a great rfiany advantages,
and I have been a little at a loss to know whether
it was safe to deny thatcach one of them had not
more advantages than all the rest, from the zeal
with which their respective merits have been
commented upon. But I suppose it is not the pur-
pose of this bill to establish an armory, it is not
avowed, and if it be not the purpose of the au-
thors of the bill to establish an armory, then it
seems to me yon had better strike out these words
which provide for putting up machinery to repair
your arms. Whenever you have established an
armory anwhere in the western country, there
your arms can be repaired, and when they are re-
paired, they can be transported to your several
arsenals, deposited there, and are ready for use
whenever you want them.
This bill provides, I see, for three arsenals: one
in the State of Illinois, one in the State of Indiana,
and another in the State of Ohio. I suppose no
two of those places arc more than from twelve to
sixteen hours apart. When the country was new,
when the means of communicating between its
different parts were very different from what they
are now, when you had few steamers and no rail-
roads, there was manifestly a necessity for having
these places of deposit more thickly scattered over
the country; but now when railroads traverse the
country in every direction, if seems to me these
deposits might very properly be less numerous,
that we can get along with fewer of them, and I
am sorry thai the Senate are disposed to encour-
age the building of so many arsenals at the pres-
ent time. I think we can get along with fewer of
them, and I think we need money more than we
need arsenals.
If it be the purpose of the framers of this bill,
contrary to my supposition, to lay the foundation
for establishing an armory at each or all of these
points, the matter becomes a much graver one, and
it demands the serious consideration of the Senate
whether you are now prepared to initiate, to use
a very popular term, a system of armories through-
out the several State3. If the Senate is willing to
do that, if the Senate is willing to commence the
erection now of three armories, another serious
question to which the Senate ought to give its at-
tention is, whethei they know enough at present
to determine which aio the best points for manu-
facturing arms. The question, which one of two
places is the best for the deposit of arms, isa very
different one from the question which is the best
place to manufacture them; and if this question
really be under consideration by the Senate, I can-
not allow a vote to be taken without saying a few
words in reference to a point which has been
named, and different from either of those which
have been mentioned dining this debate.
The State of Wisconsin has sent here petitions
signed by many thousands of her citizens, asking
that an armory might be established at some point
upon the Fox river in that State. The State of
Michigan, or that portion of it known as the pen-
insula, bordering on Lake Superior, has also sent
here many petitions, asking the same thin°, and
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin has
asked the same thing. In view of this general
demand, both 011 the part of the people and the
Legislature of that State, I ought to say in sup-
port of their pioposition that 1 should feel very
sorry to have the Senate, or any committee of the
Senate, come to the conclusion that there is a bet-
ter point for the manufacture of arms than the one
indicated by these petitions. I should be very
sorry, and I should be very slow to come to such
a conclusion myself, except upon the testimony
of competent persons, who had made an actual
examination of the different points mentioned. If
you look at your appropriation bills, you will see
that the manufacture of arms by the United States
is a pretty grave business; itisapretty expensive
business at all the points where you have under-
taken it heretofore. If the Government can save
from ten to forty per cent, of the cost of manufac-
turing by a juaicious selection of the point at
which it is to be carried on, it is the first duty of
the Government to do it. That one place affords
greater facilities than another for manufacturing,
my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,]
and everybody else, will admit, whether the man-
ufacture be of cotton or woolen goods, or wooden
ware, oranything else. I suppose whatyou want
to manufacture arms, 01* to manufacture anything
else, is a combination of advantages. You want
building material to put up your buildings. You
want a place accessible to labor. You want it in
a neighborhood where you can feed your opera-
tives. You want every variety of building ma-
terial, whether of stone, brick, or timber. If you
are manufacturing arms, you want coal; you want
wood; you want iron, and you want hydraulic
power, better than anything else; and therefore it
ought to be sought, to the exclusion of everything
else.
Let me say, Mr. President, I do not live at any
point on the Fox river where an armory could be
located; but it is in the State of Wisconsin, and I
know the stream. It is the largest one that feeds
the St. Lawrence on the American side. It fur-
nishes any required amount of hydraulic power.
It falls in the course of thirty miles one hundred
and eighty-odd feet. It is already gathered up
into dams for the purpose of creating slack-water
navigation, with a system of canals and locks
around them, so that steamboats pass to and fio
constantly, and that whole power is there ready
for use. Thirty-five miles from the mouth of the
river is Lake Winnebago, a large basin which
takes up all the surplus water, prevents any fresh-
ets, prevents an^r rapid risein the river,and makes
the hydraulic power furnished by that stream the
mostabundantand mosteven ofany stream lever
knew in my life. The river from its mouth up to
the first fall has a depth of thirty feet in the chan-
nel. It is twelve or fourteen hundred feet broad.
Steamers of the largest size which traverse the
lakes go up it. Of course theycannotgo up above
the first fall. So much for the water power.
Coal will cost delivered 011 that river something
like fifty cents a ton more than it will in the city
of Chicago or Rock Island. Either of those points
would have the advantage over Pox river in the
matter of coal. In the matter of timber, the neigh-
borhood of Fox river furnishes a large piopor-
tion of the timber used in every part of Illinois.
Iron is not found there, but is as accessible to that
place as to Rock Island, or to any point which
has been named in the course of this debate. The
climate is good; and there is raised a large part of
the grain and the breadstuff's which make up the
great deposit of the city of Chicago. It is as ac-
cessible to labor as any other place; and so, if I
am not grievously mistaken, you have there a
conjunction of morn of the essentials for a manu-
facturing point than at any point I have heard
named in this discussion. That is my opinion;
but I should be unwilling to have the Senate act
upon my opinion or upon my judgment.
I am unwilling to have the Senate act at all in
the selection of a place to manufacture arms until
they have appointed a committee of competent
and impartial men to examine the different local-
ities, to tell the Legislature upon their responsibil-
ity what facilities are required for manufacturing,
the different kinds of facilities, and which of the
different localities presents the most of them. If
any committee shall be appointed, and shall make
a report upon their responsibility, I shall acqui-
esce in that report, or 1 shall undeitake to contra-
dict it by the most indubitable testimony; becausc
every one of these facilities is capable of meas-
urement, and there need not be any mistake about
it; there need not be different opinions about it.
It ought to be a matter of actual survey and esti-
mate; and when that comes to be the case, you
can very shortly determine whether the report is
true absolutely, or false absolutely. There need
not be any blundering about it. A manufacturer
who goes to manufacture on his own account does
not make any blunders. If, however, the amend-
ment which I have proposed should be adopted,
you will strike out those words which call upon
you to make provision for repairing arms at till
these places, and which you can only do by estab-
lishing incipient armories at least;, and then I shall
consider that the Senate has abandoned the project
of providing for armories in this bill, and is only
seeking to provide what they'propose to provide,
arsenals, or places of deposit for their arms; and I
shall have no very weighty reasons for opposing
the passage of the bill. I shall still have to regret
that the Senate does not content itself with one
place of deposit rather than with three.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a remark to make, par-
ticularly as the Senator from Wisconsin has re-
ferred to the bill itself. I have nothing to say
about the locations, but I ask the ear of the Sen-
ate for a moment to the great importance of this
measure. It is a singular historical fact, notgen-
erally known, that when this rebellion broke"out
there were not, among the nine million people in-
habiting the great Northwest, arms and accouter-
ments enough to equip one regiment for the field.
Mr. SUMNER. One regiment?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir; not arms and ac-
couterments enough to supply one regiment. We
have school-houses and we have people there, but
the legislation of this country seemed to be diverted
in another direction. In anticipation of the pres-
ent state of things, the Department has established
an arsenal in my town and one in Columbus. Two
thirds of all the ammunition and cartridges that
were used by our forces at the battle of Shiloh
were made in Indianapolis, and cheaper, as the
Departmenttelis mo, than they could be made any-
where in the United States, on account of the
abundance of water power and coal, the cheapness
of labor, and its being the center of the railroads
of the great West. The Committee on Military
Affairs, after considering all these things, recom-
mend the location of arsenals at the three points
named in the bill. Now, the Senator from Wis-
consin proposes to strike out the words " and re-
pair." If a lock is broken off a gun, is it to he
sent five hundred miles before it can be repaired,
or be sent still further to'Springfield, Massachu-
setts? I know our eastern friends will not be so
illiberal.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Or to Harper's Ferry,
to be stolen.
Mr. WRIGHT. Or to Harper's Feiry, to be
stolen,as my fuend from Kansas says. Thismat-
terhas beenscttledby thccommittco. They looked
over the Northwest, laid down the map, and took
the centers of Ohio and Indiana and of the gieat
Northwest—Rock Island—as the proper loca-
tions, and I trust the Senate will pass the bill as
it came from the committee. It is the natural
order of things; and the whole Northwest, with
its nine million people, demand that these arsenals
should be located as they now are in this bill. If
you had half a dozen committees and they weie to
investigate a thousand places, they could not find
any more central positions than those now selected,
where the Department has them now, where the
interests of the country demand them, where the
great mass of the people are loyal ami devoted to
the Union and expect this bill to pass. I shall not
detain the Senate, but hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Indiana com-
plains with a good deal ofjustice, I suppose, ofthe
scarcity of arms which were found available for
the uses of the Government on the breaking out
of this rebellion. No doubt there was a great de-
ficiency, and there would have been, if you had
had an arsenal in every town of the United States,
still a great deficiency. I say this because it is
well known that although you had really but one
manufactory of small arms in the United States,
that was not run up to one tenth of its capacity.
It has been making within the last eight months
as many arms in every month as it made in a year
before the war broke out, so that it was not be-
cause you needed more factories that you had not
more arms. The Government never expected to
need more arms, and therefore did not run the
machinery to its full capacity.
Mr. GRIMES. We haveappropriated the sum
of#l,000,000 to enlarge the establishment, and that
is the reason we are making so many more arms
now.
Mr. HOWE. I am told that the Government
has appropriated $1,000,000, and extended that
armory at Springfield. That is true, but in July
last I was told at the armory itself, before your
appropriation was made, that they were enabled
then, or would be the next month, to manufacture
as many arms in a month as they had been manu-
facturing before the war broke out in a year.
