1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
business. The Sergeant-at-Arms will clear the
galleries and close the doors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand that
an order to go into executive session is anything
more tlian any other order that the Senate may
make. There is a bill pending, which is in order
this morning at one o'clock, upon which my col-
league has the floor, and I apprehend it will take
a vote of the Senate to go into executive session.
Wc can go into executive session at any time. I
supposed that the bill which has been under dis-
cussion for some days would be before the Senate
at this hour, and, upon that, my colleague took
the floor yesterday, and is entitled to the floor this
morning. If he does not desire to go on, other per-
sons would. I suppose that bill has precedence.
My understanding yesterday, when he took the
floor, was that it would come up at one o'clock to-
day. It is a special order, made so by order of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was ordered
by the Senate yesterday, in executive session,that
at one o'clock to-day the Senate should proceed
to the consideration of executive business. The
impression of the Chair is, an order of that sort
cannot, of course, be discussed in open session —
that the Senate must, at this hour, go into execu-
tive session. The question of which should have
priority cannot be discussed in open session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend it requires-a
motion to go into executive session, notwithstand-
ing that order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is not the
opinion of the Chair. The order made in execu-
tive session must be enforced by the Chair when
the hour arrives, and cannot be discussed m open
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must be constrained to
appeal from the decision of the Chair. That de-
cision makes the action of the Senate in executive
session superior to its action in open session. How
does that order of the Senate in executive session
differ from an order of the Senate in open session?
If there, were two orders for one o'clock to-day
the oldest one would have precedence. Suppose
that two special orders had been assigned for to-
day; that the Senate on a former day had resolved
that at one o'clock to-day bill No. I should be
taken up, and had also resolved on a former day,
but subsequent to the first order, that at one
o'clock to-day, bill No. 2 should be taken up;
when the hour arrived, what would the Presiding
Officer do ? Surely he would call up Senate bill
No. 1 because it was the oldest special order.
There is another rule of the Senate that at one
o'clock the business which was pending on the
day previous is to be called up; and if there are
several special orders for one o'clock, the one
under consideration the day pievious, being un-
finished business, is entitled to precedence, as I
understand it, on the succeeding day. Now, sir,
does this differ in any respect from the ease of
several different special orders ? I think it would
be establishing a very bad precedent to say that
an order made in executive session was to over-
ride the decisions of the Senate made in open ses-
sion, if they come in conflict with each other. I
do not know that this is a question that lias been
settled by any practice of the Senate. I do not
remember an instance of the kind since I have been
a member of the body; but it does seem to me
that the oldest order, or that business which would
be entitled to precedence, is entitled to precedence
now, and the fact that this other order was made
in executive session cannot change it. If the Sen-
ate had resolved yesterday to "take up at one
o'clock to-day bill No. 16, would bill No. 10 have
come up at one o'clock, it there had been a prior
order? Does this amount to anything more? It
seems to me that the other question has precedence.
Mr. PEARCE. Touching the remarks made
by the Senator fipra Illinois, I recollect one case
which, it seems to me, may be m point.^1 re-
member tiiat in the year 1844, when the lexas
treaty was pending, the. Senate determined in ex-
ecutive session—and I am violating no injunction
of secrecy, because that has been removed—to go
into executive session every day at one o'clock
until that treaty was disposed of. Accordingly,
when one o'clock arrived, the Chair announced
that the Senate must go into executive session;
and I never heaid it contended, during the whole
period of several weeks wc were engaged in that
discussion, that his decision was not perfectly
proper. No one attempted to interrupt the order
of the Senate made in executive session; no busi-
ness ever interfered with it; and we discussed it
for several weeks until it was finally acted upon.
That seems to be an example in point; and that
is the only one I recollect.
Mr?TRUMBULL. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Maryland on one
point. Being the oldest order of that kind, of
course it would necessarily come up; but m that
case, did it come in conflict with another special
order, which was older, on the first day? After
the first day it could not, because, being the busi-
ness under consideration the day previous, and a
special order for one o'clock each day, it would
necessarily run along, and nothing would inter-
fere with it, and this question of priority would
not arise. It could only have arisen on the first
day. Now, if there was another special order
for the first day after the Senate resolved to pro-
ceed with the consideration of the Texas treaty,
and the question was raised, then it would be a
decision in point, and I should be disposed to ac-
quiesce; but if there was no special older to con-
flict with it, of course, having once been entered
upon, it would have had precedence all along.
Here is another special order of an older date;
and the question I desire to present is between
that and an order to go into executive session.
Mr. PEARCE. At this distance of time—it
is now some eighteen years since—I cannot say
whether there was any special order pending in
legislative session. I take it for granted, how-
ever, that such was the case; because ever since
I have been a member of the Senate there have
been very numerous special orders always upon
our Calendar. I take it for granted, therefore,
there were special orders at that time. Hut special
orders in legislative session apply to the business
of legislative session, and where there is a special
order of the Senate in executive session, I appre-
hend it will not be considered as at all m conflict
with special orders in legislative session, and the
determination of the Senate in executive session
will control the action of the body in legislative
session, so far as carrying the body into execu-
tive session, when the hour arrives, is concerned.
That certainly was the usage of the Senate at the
time I mention.
Mr. TRUMRULL. If that has been the usage
of the Senate—I do not recollect any case my-
self—1 shall not persist in the appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, though it does strike me that
the oldest order would be the proper one to con-
sider. However, I shall not persist in it, under
the statement made by the Senator from Mary-
land. I had not known of a case of the Icind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Seti-
atoi withdraw his appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I withdraw it,
if that has been the practice of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itbecomesthe
duty of the Chair to execute the order of the Sen-
ate made yesterday. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
clear the galleries and close the doors.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 6, 18C2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COTTON IN PORTUGUESE COLONIES.
The SPEAKER, laid before the House a mes-
sage of the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a copy of a dispatch to the Secretary of
State from the minister resident of the United
States at Lisbon, concerning recent measures
which have been adopted by the Government of
Portugal, intended to encourage the growth and
to enlarge the aiea of the culture of cotton in its
African possessions; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
PuntLtl- TIIE TRENT AFE-HK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message of' the President of the United States,
transmitting a translation of an instruction to the
minister of his Majesty the King of Italy, accred-
ited to this Government, and a copy of a note to
that minister from the Secretary of State, relating
to the settlement of the question arising out of the
capture and detection of certain citizens of the
United States, passengers on board the British
steamer Trent, by order of Captain "Wilkes, of
the United States Navy; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to bo printed.
COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in reply to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of January 7,1862, calling for certain
information in reference to the coast survey; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that one thou-
sand extra copies be ordered to be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.  
■ KOBERT F. WINS LOW.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Claims the
memorial of Robert F. Winslow, and asked that
the committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and thatitbe referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
DEPUTY INSPECTORS GENERAL.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,in-
troduced a bill to authorize the appointment of
two deputy inspectors general; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
VOLUNTEER SERVICE.
Mr. GOODWIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a
bill to amend an act entitled " An act to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing
the laws and protecting public propertywhich
was read a first and second time, and recommitted
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Jlcsolved, Thai the Committee of Claims be instructed
to inquire into the justice and propriety of providing by
law for the compensation of Captain Edward Penn, of Tay-
lor county, Kentucky, for a horse lost and military service
rendered by him to the United States; and also to inquire
into the justice and propriety of providing compensation to
officers and privates for military service rendered by them,
under the command of the &aid Perm; and to report by bill
or otheivvise.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to aquestion of privilege.
It may not be technically a question of privilege,
but I trust the House will so treat it. I ask unani-
mous consent to make a brief statement touching
a valued friend and constituent, to whom very
grave injustice has been done by one of the com-
mittees of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is not
a question of privilege.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask consent to make a state-
ment.
Objection was made.
Mi-. KELLEY. I ask gentlemen to withdraw
their objection, and hear what the statement is.
It is not a favor to myself.
Objection was not withdrawn.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ALDRICII,by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to increase the efficiency of the med-
ical department of the Army; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
DENIIAM AND TOTVNSBY.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims a
bill for the benefit of the heirs and administrators
of John Denhamand George Townsby, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
CAPTAIN MONTGOMERY.
Mr. GRIDER also, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the same committee a bill for the ben-
