1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
efit of Captain Montgomery, deceased, an officer
in the army of the Revolution; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
PICTURE OF GENERAL SCOTT.
Mr: MALLORY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Amcrica in Congress assembled, That
the Joint Committee on the Library be instructed to pur-
chase Troy's picture of General Scott.
Mr. LOVEJOY and others objected.
LABOR IN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. PIKE. I ask unanimous consent to report
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and have
put upon its passage, a bill to amend an act en-
titled " An act to further promote the efficiency of
the Navy," approved December 21, 1861.
The bill was read for information. It enacts
that the eighth section of the act referred to shall
be so amended as that the hours of labor and the
rate of wages of employes in the navy-yards
shall conform, as nearly as is consistent with the
public interests, with those of private establish-
ments in the immediate vicinity of the respective
yards, and to be determined by the commandants
of the navy-yards, subject to the approval and
revision of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it proposed to refer
this bill to a committee?
The SPEAKER. It is proposed that it shall
be acted on at this time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object to its being re-
ported for that purpose.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the repoit of the committee of
confeience on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on joint resolu-
tion S. No. 22.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote* of
the two House-; on the amendments to the joint resolution
(S, No. ii:i) pioviding for the payment ofthe awards of the
commission to mvor-tigate the mihtaiy damn in the depatt-
mcnt of the West, having met, aftei full and fiee confer-
ence have agieed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective House* a* follow,*:
That the Senate agiee to the amendment of the Iiou^e
with an amendment, a* follows:
Inseit in hen ot the wouN stricken out by the House, the
following:
This icsolution <h.UI apply onlj to claim* and eonttacts
for service, laboi, or matenals, and for t-ub-istence, cloth-
ing. transportation, arms, supplies, and the purchase, hue,
and construction of voxels.
JOHN A. JJlNGriAM.
JAMLS F. WILSON,
Manamas on the vent of the Home.
JOHN S11K1LMAN,
DANlllf. CLARK,
MILTON S. LATHAM,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I move the ptovious ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
report was adopted,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsidei the vote
by winch the leport wasadopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion whs agreed to.
DIVISION STAFF OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER announced the business regu-
larly in order to be the consideration of the bill of
the Senate (No. J'2;2) providing for the organiza-
tion of the staff attached to divisions of the Army
ofthe Untied States, regular and volunteer, post-
poned on the 3d instant to this day, upon which
the gentleman fiom Missouri [Mr. Blair] was en-
titled to the .floor.
The bill was read. It provides that, during the :
existing insurrection and rebellion, each division
ofthe forces of the United States, consisting of j
two or more brigades, s>hail have (lie following otTi- j
cersattached tlvrcto, who shall constitute the staff j
of the permanent com mandei theieof, nanvdy: one ;
assistant adjutant geneial, and one assistant in-
spector genera!, who shall bear, respectively, the i
rank of tnajoi, and who shall be assigned fiom :
the Army or voluntei r foices. Also three aids- ;
dn-camp, to bear the uink of captain, to be ap-
pointed by the President, upon the recommend- j
ation of the commander of the division, and the i
appointment to cease upon the expiration of his I
division command. Also one medical director, to
bear the rank of major, and to be assigned from
the surgeons or assistant surgeons of the regular
Army, or from the brigade surgeons of volunteers.
The division commander may detail an officer of
his command, of the rank of captain, to act as
judge advocate of the division, or a lieutefiant of
said command, upon the recommendation of said
commander, may be assigned by the President to
actas such division judge advocate, who shall bear
the rank of captain while so assigned. Said offi-
cers shall receive the same pay and allowances as
are provided by law for officers of cavalry of cor-
responding rank. Any officers of the regular
Army assigned and detached to staff duty, as
above provided, shall, upon the cessation of such
service, resume their position inthe regulaj Army,
with the same rank and promotion as if they had
continued to serve in their own regiments or corps.
The senior officer of artillery in each division shall,
in addition to his other duties, act as chief of ar-
tillery and ordnance at the headquarters of the
division.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am authorized
by the Committee on Military Affairs to move to
amend the bill, by inserting in the eighth line, after
the words " adjutant general," the words ** one
quartermaster and one commissary of subsist-
ence."
I will state to the House that this bill creates no
new officers, ft authorizes to be detailed from the
Army, regular and volunteer, certain officers now
in service. Itdoes, however, give some additional
rank. It gives to several of the officers who, under
the law as it now exists, hold the rank of captain
the rank of major. And this is necessary, if these
persons are to command the other officers under
them in the division. The brigade quartermas-
ters, regimental quartermasters, and commissa-
ries of subsistence should be under the command
of the division quartermaster, and he should, of
course, hold a superior rank.
: Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the
| gentleman from Missouri whether the last line of
l the bill, as printed, is really the end of the bill
i now before the House? The reading of the bill
i was concludcd by the Clerk with the word *  di-
I vision. I inquire of the gentleman whether that
! is really the end of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill ends with the word
1 " division,'' as read by the Cleik.
; Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. F desire to state to
i the House that this bill is considered by thecom-
; mandersof divisions, with whom 1 have conversed
i upon the subject, as very essential. I will state
; here that General McDowJl urges its passage;
I that General Burnside has written to the com-
1 mander-in-chief\insisting that he shall be allowed
i these additional oflicets.
; We know, Mi. Speaker, that in some instances
1 this same object has been accomplished in another
| way; that in (ho case of General Lane, for in-
i stance, who, for the purposes of the expedition
| upon which lie proposed to enter, required a larger
; staff, and to accomplish the purpose, staff officers
' had to be appointed on General McClellan's staff
! and then assigned for duty to General Lank, in
Kansas. The increase of staff was considered
I necessary by Geneial Lane, and it seems the rep-
| iequitations made by him to the President and
i War Department were so satisfactory that they
| acceded to his icquest.
1 I say it is deemed essential by commanders of
; divisions that they should be allowed upon their
: staffs the officers provided for by this bill. I have
i had no conversation with any officer m command
| of a military department of the Army who has
| not insisted upon the passage of the bill now be-
j fore the House.
: I beheve I was incorrect in the statement with
| which I set out that this bill docs not create any
j new officers, in one respect. It does allow three
j aids-de-camp, while the law, as if now stands,
[ only allows two to the eommander of a division,
j In every other respect, I believe, the statement I
: made is correct.
j Mr. McPIIERSON. Will the gentleman per-
j nut m** to submit a few remarks upon the subject
| of tins bill?
[ Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield to the
i gentleman.
| Mr. McPIIERSON. Mr. Speaker, last Mon-
! day, I interposed ail objection to the passage of
I this bill, because it was suddenly brought before
the House,and I desired to examine and consider
it. In the interval, I have given it considerable
attention, and I am confirmed in my opinion that
it ought not to pass. If it is to pass, there are
some points on which it is highly important it
should be amended. But I think a calm consider-
ation will bring the House to the conclusion that
it ought not to become a law.
As it stands, it proposes to increase the staff of
nearly every division commander in the Army. It
adds three officers, and if the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] for a divis-
ion quartermaster and a division commissary of
subsistence be adopted,it will add five,each with
a rank above any member of the present staff, and
it will increase the rank of the former staff posi-
tions a corresponding giade, and, of course, with
the rank there will be an increase of pay. I will
speak more particularly of this again.
The member from Missouri commends this bill
to the House upon the score of necessity, and he
names one or two officers who are particularly
anxious for the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker,
I should hesitate very much before I would make
any obstacle to the passage of a measure essen-
tial to a vigorous and efficient organization of the
Army; but it appears to me that the objections to
the present method by which these division com-
manders—if this bill be the result of their recom-
mendation—seek their purpose is open to so many
objections that it ought not to be adopted by the
House.
The gentleman refers to the opinion of General
Burnside, who, he informs the House, has writ-
ten to the Department, insisting upon the passage
of some law by which his staff may be increased.
Well, sir, there may be instances in which it may
be desirable to enlarge the staff of a general in
command of a department; and the gentleman,in
the reference he made to the course pursued in the
case of General Lane, has shown that it is already
within the power of the President of the United
States, when an emergency exists, requiring an
increased staff for the commander of a division,
to give that increase. But the fact that General
Burnside requires additional members of his staff,
it strikes me, is no valid argument for the passage
of a wholesale bill like this. The necessity in the
case of General Burnside will not apply to com-
manders of divisions in the Army generally, for
the reason that he is in command of an independ-
ent and separate corps; he is in command of an
independent, separate department, whereas in the
case of a huge majority of division commanders,
such, for instance, as those in the army of the
Potomac, no such increase is necessary, because
they arc immediately connected with the com-
manding general, whose staff has been created
with reference to all the probable emergencies of
the service. Hence, there is not the same neces-
sity for a large staff for a commanding general
of a division in this army there would be for a
general commanding a separate and independent
division or department.
But, Mr. Speaker, this is the first intimation I
have heard, of a formal character, that General
Burnside did require an increase of his staff. I
did hear that, before he started upon his expedi-
tion, ho had expressed the desire to have an addi-
tional staff, and that officers should he detailed for
that purpose; but I do not think he has putin any
official shape the opinion that his operations at
Roanoke island were at all crippled by want of staff
officers. 1 am very sure we have had no complaint
fi om General Sherman that his operations at Port
Royal were impeded by reason of a like cause, or
from General Grant that he suffered inconvenience
at Fort Donelson. Yet, if it were true in these
paiticular cases, that an additional number of staff
officers is required, that would furnish no argu-
ment in favor of a general increase of staff for
every division general in the Army, no matter
what may he the circumstances of his command.
Now, sir, in the third line of the bill you will
find that its terms apply to every general com-
manding a division of the Army which " consists
of two or more brigades.'" Now, if this bill passes,
every general commanding a division which in-
cludes two or more brigades, no matter what may
be the circumstances of his command, whether
in camp or field, will be entitled to this enlarged
staff; so that even if it were true that these gen-
erals commanding separate departments, or these
generals commanding divisions actively engaged,
