76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 12,
like to be fully advised myself, so that I may act
well informed. The Senate will excuse me if I
i$y to advise myself before X give my vote on any
measure involving the system upon which we are
to carry on the war- However, I make no ob-
jection to this bill. I am satisfied so far at it is
concerned.
Mr. KING. I concur in the propriety of the
demand for reasons made by the Senator from
California^ The committee acted deliberately on
this subject, and on inquiry at the War Depart-
m^ntlearned that there was an entire concurrence
.among ail the military authorities as to this meas-
ure. I rose, however, for the purpose of sug-
gesting that the letter of the Secretary of War be
filed with the bill, so that the reasons on which
this action is based be retained in the archives of
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the suggestion of the Senator from New
York will be considered as agreed to, and the let-
ter will be placed on the files of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 12, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev, Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENGINEER ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting estimates of the engineer department of the
amount required for fortifications now existing, or
in course of construction,and also for temporary
and field fortifications, bridges, trains, and equip-
age, for the second half of the fiscal year ending
.Tune 30,1862, and for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1863—the same being additional estimates;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
THE DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting a copy of a letter from Brigadier General
J. G. Barnard, chief engineer of the army of the
Potomac, setting forth the necessity of an early
appropriation of {150,000 for completing the de-
fenses of Washington; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual report of the Superintendent of Public
Printing; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a personal
explanation. Yesterday, when the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] was
under consideration, I made some explanation in
regard to the position of Gencial Halleek as to the
general order issued by him, which had been
called in question. I received by mail last even-
ing a letter from General Halleek in response to
one written by myself. In justice to the general
and to myself, I be<r leave to read a portion of this
letter to the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I objcct to the reading of
the letter of General Ilalleck. The House acted
on the printed order, and not on a letter written
for publication.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Missouri has a light to have the fetter read
as a part of his personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent having
been given, the gentleman has a right to have the j
letter read as part of his remarks.
An extract from General Ilalleck 5s letter to
Mr. Blair was read, as follows:
Headquarters Department of the Missouri,
St. Louis, December 8, 1861.
My Dear Colonel: Yours of the 4th instant is just
received. Order No. 3 was, in my mint], clearly a mih-
taiy necessity. Unauthorized persons, black or white,free
or slaves, must he kept out of our camp*, unless we are
willing to publish to the enemy everything we do or intend
to do. It was a military and not a political order.
i am ready to cairy out any lawful instructions in regard
to fugitive slaves, which my superiors may give me, and to
enforce any law which Congress may pass. But I cannot
make law, and will not violate it. You know my private
opinion on the policy of confiscating the slave propeity of
rebels in aims. If Congress shall pass if, you may be cei-
tain that I shall enfoiee it. Perhaps my policy as to the
treatment of rebels and their piopeity is as> well set out in
Order No. 13, issued the day your letter was written, as I
could now describe it.
Hon. F. P. Blair, Washington.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Inasmuch as the subject has
been introduced, I want to say a word in respect
to it. If the order of General Halleek was mis-
understood, or if, in other words, he did not ex-
press what he meant, I am content that he shall
set himself right. Of course I do not desire to
revoke an order which he did not mean to make.
And now I want to say, in reference to myself,
and perhaps to others, this: an attempt is being
made to convey the impression that myself and
others desire to support this war, not against re-
bellion, but against slavery. That is notour po-
sition. Iam for putting down the rebellion; that
is the one grand and overshadowing purpose which
we have m view. The question is, how shall the
rebellion be suppressed ? I believe that the taking
away all the property of rebels, and liberating
their slaves, is the most efficient way of suppress-
ing the rebellion. Others may differ with me in
regard to that policy; but while I am not for
carrying on the war with the specific and ultimate ,
purpose, as the purpose of the war, of destroying
slavery, I am opposed to carrying on the war for
the purpose of protecting slavery.
I am opposed to the Army of the United States
being turned into slave catchers. 1 am opposed
to any general being allowed to give orders to
throw back upon their masters those who desire
to escape, whether they are Union or secession,
white or black; and consequently I thought, and
still think, that if the purpose of that order was,
as the language indicates, to drive back the slaves
who may come into our camps or within our
lines into the hands of secessionists or into the
hands of slaveholders, whether loyal or disloyal,
it is contrary to the judgment of those who are
sustaining this war for the suppression of the
rebellion.
I make this explanation because I do not wish
the inference to be drawn, because we believe the
best policy to suppress the rebellion is to liberate
the slaves of the rebels, that, therefore, wc are
for making a war directly upon slavery. My own
opinion, as an individual, upon this subject, is of
course well known. I have no wish to disguise it.
I believe slavery is, of itself, rebellion againstGod
and disloyalty to humanity. That is my opinion
as an individual, but that is another question.
The question for us to decide as members of Con-
gress is, whether we will leave this power in the
hands of rebels, or whether we will take it away
from them. Consequently, I do not think my
j colleague [Mr. Fouke] intended to say what I
understood him yesterday to say, that unless our
soldiers were allowed to return fugitive slaves
they would not fight. The order was that fugi-
tive slaves should be returned, and that was the
very point at issue before the House.
Now, if it be true that a portion of our Army
will not fight the battles of the country unless \
they aie allowed to return fugitive slaves, so be j
it. I am for fighting the battles of the country, j
let the policy be what it may, and if there be any i
soldiers enlisted and mustered into the service of'
the United States who will not fight a battle un- '•
less they arc allowed to return fugitive slaves, tluit ■
is one thing. I think such ought to be led to a '
ford like that where Gideon tested his soldiers, |
and if they will not fight without the privilege of j
returning fugitive slaves, the Army is better off I
without them.
ADJOURNMENT OTEll.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. T lise to a priv-
ileged question. I desiio to move that when the
| House adjourn to-day it ad journ to meet on Mon-
! day next. Before I make the motion, however,
I I will ask the Chairman of the Committee of
! Ways and Means whether his committee has any
I business it desires the House to transact within
• the two days intervening?
| The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man is a privileged one, but no debate upon it is
in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I presume there
will be no objection to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania answering my question.
Mr. STEVENS. If there be no objection, I
i will answer the question of the gentleman from
j Illinois. So far as the Committee of Ways and
I Means are concerned, they have not yet been fur-
I nished with the report, of the Secretary of the
Treasury and his estimates; and when we shall
be able to receive it I am unable to say. I learned
this morning that the printers could furnish no
information as to when we can get it, I will,
however, merely suggest that if the bill or reso-
lution of my friend in front of me [Mr. Eliot] is
to be disposed of, the House will of course desire
to discuss it before coming to any final conclu-
sion; and perhaps we might as well meetto-mor-
row, and allow the discussion to go on with the
understanding that nothing else is to be done. The
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and the various propositions now pending on the
subject, I suppose are to be decided by the House;
and the country is desirous to know what we are
going to do on the subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the House
that 1 think all this discussion is profitless for any
good to the country; and I think it should cer-
tainly not go on until the matter is brought before
us regularly by the committees of the House. I
now make the motion which I indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
privilege. Hon. Anthony L. Knapp, elected to fill
the vacancy occurring in the Illinois delegation by
the resignation of General McClerxano, is now
present. I ask that he may be sworn in.
Mr. Knapp then presented himself, and was
qualified by taking the usual oath.
CLAIM OF F. L. LOWE.
Mr. DAWES presented the petition and papers
of Mr. F. L. Lowe, relative to his claim to occupy
a seat as a third Representative from the State of
California; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
APPOINTMENT OF PAYMASTERS.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the resolution
yesterday reconsidered on motion ofMr. Holmajt,
relative to the appointment of paymasters in the
Army.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking outall after the word " resolved,"
and inserting, as follows:
That the SeereUiy of War be requested to Jurni.-h the
House a list of the paymasters and additional paymasters
now in the sei vice ot the United States, and of other persons
connected with the pa>}naster'sdepaitmcnt, specifying the
States Itom which they have been icj-pecuvely appointed,
the amount ot money di«huiv«jd by each since the com-
mencement of the present war, and for what purpose ; the
amount ot money now in their hands jespoctiveh or unac-
countcd for; and ilmt he be also requested to st ite the salaty
or compensation of eaeii pavmaMei and additional paymas-
ter per month, including office tent and clerk hire, and all
othei compensation or expenses ( hargeahle to the Govern-
ment, except mileage; and aKo the aveiajjc mileage of
paymasters pei mouth, oi for any other definite period, as
may be most convenient.
I suppose, of course, there will be no objection
to the resolution, and I therefore ask the previous
question upon its adoption.
Mr. COX. For the consideration of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, I would suggest that he
add to his resolution the request for information
whether any of the paymasters already appointed
cannot be dispensed with. Iam informed that there
have been appointed about twice the number reg-
ularly authorized, and that a valuable reform may
be effected in this diiectton.
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed the information
elicited by the resolution would furnish the basis
on which we could initiate such a reform. I am,
however, willing to adopt the modification sug-
gested.
