3018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. GRIMES. But it was by the use of new
machinery which has been erected, and which
they had not at that time.
Mr. HOWE. You have been adding to the
machinery at Springfield I think daring every
Congress since the armory was established—very
nearly every Congress, if not every one. You will
find that appropriations, and very large appro-
priations, have been made for adding to the ma-
chinery at Springfield, but the Senator from Iowa
will not pretend that the machinery at Springfield
was run to its capacity before this war broke out,
or anything like its capacity. I conclude, there-
fore, that if you had had ten times the number of
armories, you would not necessarily have had the
G-overnment better provided with arms. But I
am led to infer from this remark made by the
Senator from Indiana, that it is the purpose of the
friends of this bill to inaugurate armories, manu-
factories of arms at these different points, and I
ask if the Senate is prepared to do it. The ap-
propriation named in this biil is a small one. The
first appropriation for the armory at Springfield
was equally small, and yet I am told the total of
your expenditure at Springfield equals §4,500,000.
From the smallest beginnings you can get up to
such expenditures as I have named; and although
you commence here with an appropriation of
$100,000, inaugurating three manufactories with
that, 1 leave it to the judgment of every Senator
here to determine for himself how long it will be
before this total of your appropriations for these
works will amount to millions.
Now, if the necessities of the Government re-
quire these appropriations, I shall not resist them
a moment; but I ask two things: first, that you
shall take pains to inform yourselves that these
expenditures ought to be made before you make
them, and then that you shall take pains to in-
form yourselves how much additional machinery,
what additional facilities you want to enable the
Government to keep itself supplied with aims
hereafter. 1 think the capacity of the armory at
Springfield now is equal to ten thousand a month.
That is my impression about it. It is equal to one
hundred and twenty thousand a year. You will not
want a great many manufactories of that capacity,
I trust, to supply your armies hereafter; for I
have an humble sort of hope that we arc not going
to be compelled to keep seven hundred thousand
men in the field a preat many years.
The PU ESI DENT pro tempo) c. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin, which is in line six of the first sec-
tion, after the word " deposit," to strike out the
words i{ and repair."
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to say a word
on this subject; f want to come to a vote; but the
Senator from Wisconsin has entirely misappre-
hended the leal necessity of this proposition. lie
wants to strike out the words "and repair."
Til en; is agi eat neec.ssii y foi these establishments
for the repair of arms. 1 do not believe the Sen-
ator has investigated that subject much, or he
would know something of the immense waste of
the arms lhat me furnished to our soldiers. I
would hardly dare to state what I am inibtmed at
the Department is the waste of those arms. I had
no idea of it myself, nor of tiie necessity of places
proximate, and as near as possible ior then con-
stant lepair. The State of Ohio has nearly eighty
thousand men in the field, and neaily that num-
ber of <nms, and they ate letiuned in vast num-
beis. 1 suppose as oft^n as twice a year every
musket lias to be repaired. The loss, I believe,
is even more than that. The members of the Mil-
itary Committee could tel! me better about it; but
1 have been surprised at the amount of waste.
The Senator says that ail the arms we are using
west uf the AiU* hanies must be sent down to
Spnngiield to be lepaired, and then brought back,
poi haps a thmisaud miles. Does not the Sena-
tor know that the tiansportation of these arms
back and futth, for tins purpose, will cost more
than tin .se additional establishment mat we ask
for f 11 is iw. a very extensive '•st.ibhshment that
we ask fur these uisenak, and if is principally for
rite puino.-" of lepairmu: the arms that are used,
as 1 undei^Mud u. I know that we might,
Uiidmibix t(!V. make a great gunU establishment,
when- aii the arms in the United Stales might be
made; but the country w go \ery huge that I do
not believe it would he ri^hl, or just, or propei
that they should all be manufactured m one par-
ticular place, for if they were, the transportation
of them from the East to the extreme West would
cost nearly as much as the manufacture; and be-
sides, as is suggested to me, an insurrection might
destroy the whole of them. Prudential reasons—
a thousand reasons—are against any such thing.
Now, when you talk of establishing armories,
they are exceedingly expensive affairs; it takes a
great while to put them in operation; and there-
fore it is that there is hesitation and doubt as to
the propriety of commencing immediately on that
subject, as 1 suppose; but these arsenals for the
repair of arms are a necessity. Indiana has a vast
army in the field; so has Illinois, and so have all
the northwestern States; and yet we that furnish
one half the troops of the United States must send
all our arms a thousand miles to be repaired, and
then have them sent back again to be used ! I do
not think it is right, just, or proper, and 1 think
that the committee were right m reporting this
bill, and I hope it will be passed; but I will not
take time on this subject.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me just to corrcctmyself
in the estimation of the Senator from Ohio. I do
not insist on the policy that these arms shall be
all transported to Springfield to be repaired, or to
any other point. I can see with the Senator from
Ohio and with others, that there ought to be a
new manufactory established somewhere in the
Northwest; and 1 say that wherever that manufac-
tory is, there the repairs should be made, and there
is no propriety in requiting that every place of
deposit should he made a place of repair. There
is no necessity for it. But I say before you un-
dertake to decide where that manufactory should
be, you should undertake to know by competent
evidence where it can be done the cheapest.
Mr. KING. The subject of the repair of these
arms is not, I apprehend, fully understood. As I
undei stand, every icgimen t has", or ought to have,
with u in the field an ai morer, or a person who has
charge of their repairs, and who there, when any
little difficulty occurs with an arm, puts it in or-
der; and when a musket or rille is so injured as
to require the repair that would be necessary to
send it to an armory to be repaired, it is so sent.
The very best arms should be put in the hands of
our troops; and 1 apprehend there are not many
of these arms sent to the armories to be refitted
and repaired; but in the field all little irtegulariucs
of locks, and nattteis of that sort, me attended to
in the camp, and when it goes beyond that the
arm is generally useless, so that there is not a
great deal in that any way. Butthese work* ate
nor called for by the War Department, and 1 do
not think tins is the time when they should be
constructed. It is true that arsenals, places for the
deposit of arms, ought to have existed antenorto
our present disturbances, and if they had been,
our people would have been able togettheirarms
atonic; and what we want now is arms in the
hands of men in the field, and not in places of de-
posit. If these arsenals existed now, there would
be no very large number of arms put in them;
they would be wanted to be distributed about as
fast as they could be put there.
Mr. GRIMES. What is done with those arms
that are disabled m the hands of the soldiers ? Are
they thrown away, or are they sent to places of
deposit ?
Mr. KING. Many are lost in the field. Those
that are sciiously injured are good for nothing
any wheie, and never ought to be used by the sol-
diers again; but slight difficulties are repaired on
the spot, and some are sent to the armones. It
depends on the extent of the injury, but there are
times when considerable quantities are sent to the
arm ories.
Mi. GRIMES. Is it not the instruction of the
officers who have command of the Army that when
these arms are disabled they shall be putin places
of deposit, to be returned to the armory?
Mr. KING. They are required to keep every-
thing safely, and waste nothing.
Mi. GRIMES. With a view to future repair ?
Mr. KING. To any use they may be put to.
Of course, there aie somo that are susceptible of
repair.
Mr. GRIMES. Arms used in remote sections
of country must, under the present condition of
things, ho sent to Massachusetts for lepau.
Mi. K! X(J. The fact is, that the gist of this
bill that H pinvuies for the repan of arms, and
it is intended to be the inception of armories; and
so far as that is concerned perhaps it might be
well enough to establish another armory; but my
objection is to instituting it now when we do not
want to use them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I propose to make a motion to
commit this bill, which I believe is now in order.
I move that the bill be referred to the select com-
mittee on armories and founderies, that it may be
there better considered, and the information re-
quired be broughtbefore the Senate when it comes
to act on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New York is in order, and
the question is on his motion to refer the bill to
the select committee indicated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. The continued opposition
to this bill induces me, contrary to my intention,
to say a few words. What is the object of this
reference ? I ask the Senator from New York, is
there any good to result from it? Does not the
Senator know enough about the geography of our
country to know that Columbus is the best place
in Ohio for this purpose? There is no difference
of opinion among the Representatives and Senators
from Ohio as to that question. It is there within
easy access of the coal region and the iron region,
and a large amount of manufacture is being there
done now of this particular character—the manu-
facture of arms and implements of this kind.
There is no object for information, to refer it to a
committee, because everybody who knows any-
thing about the Northwest would select that place
of all others on account of its convenient access,
Us raihoad facilities, its nearness to coal and iron.
I do not live within seventy or eighty miles of it;
but I readily acknowledge that it is the proper
place.
So with Indianapolis. There is only one place
in Indiana so large and accessible that anybody
would think of selecting it for an arsenal. Besides
it is the State capital, and that should be a reason.
I have no doubt that if we had had arsenals at
Columbus and Indianapolis at the beginning of
this war, Washington would have been reinforced
before the mob at Baltimoie occurred. There weic
two regiments in Ohio ready to march to this city
at once, and to my knowledge they were detained
in Harnsbuig until they could send to Massachu-
setts and got arms. I was there with them, and
know the fact. If they had had arms at the time
they left Columbus, they would have been in
Washington probably before the mob rose in Balti-
more, or in time to have aided m suppressing it.
The importance of these arsenals is so obvious
that I should think Senators on all sides would
see the necessity of them. In repaid to that at
Iiock Island, I know something of the geography
of that country, though not so much as the local
representatives, of course. I have been at each
of the places named—CUuncy, Alton, and Rock
Island—and each of them is good enough; and
so would be ICeokuk. All are important large
towns along the Mississippi; but as wc own the
land at Rock Island, as we have the title to it, and
as that is the only place where there is a bridge
across the Mississippi, as it is convenient to Dav-
enport, and has, at t he same time, important rail-
road connections with Chicago, 1 believe the com-
mittee have wisely selected Rock Island, though I
do not care winch of the places is selected.
It seems to me important now to have these arse-
nals fixed. The amount of wastage of arms at
the West is very large indeed, and'we shall save
a great deal in transportation by having con-
venient places where they can be repaired. It is
true, we do not need places where all the parts of
a gun ean be manufactured, but wc want places
wheie arms can be repaired and put into seivice.
The loss of a screw sometimes necessitates the
repair of the arm. In some cases, the turn of a
screw would be all that would bo required to put
a Springfield musket into the most eificient state.
Is it necessary to transport the arm all the way to
the armory at Springfield in order to put it into
good condition? I think not.
1 say there is no object u« lefori mg the bill. We
want at least three ai^enals m the western coun-
try, and I believe the places agreed upon aie the
best. I thcrefoie can see no objcct m delay; but
