1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2059
of the dircct tax, and that if they assumed it they
should be allowed a deduction of fifteen per cent.,
but if they did not assume it our machinery be-
came operative, and we assessed the property and
collected the tax. We provided in that bill for
the sale of the property, if I am not mistaken.
The machinery is perfect.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Permit me to ask what
is the difficulty suggested in reference to the col-
lection of this tax in Delaware ? I did not hear it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My question I will repeat.
What provision is made by this bill for the col-
lection of the,tax in those States which refuse to
contribute their share, the State of Delaware for
instance? I was not aware, till the Senator from
Wisconsin mentioned it, that the bill of last sum-
mer had machinery sufficient to provide for the
collection of that tax. If that is so, it. answers
my question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is undoubtedly so.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If my friend will allow
me, I desire to have that corrected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not like to get any
extraneous matter into the discussion of this sub-
ject, for it is a practical measure.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I only \#ish to assign the
reason for the action of the Legislature of Dela-
ware. Although the Legislature was called to-
gether in the State of Delaware, and considered
that matter, the Legislature thought that tax bill
would be followed very soon by another, and that,
under all the circumstances, it was better to leave
the General Government to collect its tax rather
than that the State should assume the payment of
it. The State had not the money in the treasury
to pay it, and would have had to borrow the
money, and it was deemed prudent by the Legis-
lature to leave the General Government, as far as
Delaware was concerned, to collect the tax itself.
There is no disposition, however, I will take oc-
casion to say, in the State of Delaware to resist
the payment of any tax levied by the General
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN.' I did not design to impute
any improper conduct to the State of Delaware or
to the Legislature of Delaware. My question was
one merely for information. I knew that the State
of Delaware had declined to avail herself of the
privilege which would have enabled her to pay
the tax with a saving of fifteen per cent., and I
wished simply to asceitain whether there was any
machinery provided by law for such a case. As a
matter of course, any State may decline to assume
its quota, and then this Government must resort
to its own taxing power.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the bill
which passed last summer is perfect in its ma-
chinery to collect the tax in all the States where
they are not overborne by the insurrection, and
this bill is to supply that defect, and therefore the
first section says:
That when in any State or Territory, or m any portion of
any State or Teintmv, liy lea-son of insurrection ot icbel-
lion, the civil nmhority of the Govci nment of the United
States is obstructed so that the provisions of the act enti-
tled " An actio provide increased icvenue fiom impoits, to
pay interest on the public debt, and l'or other puipo«Ps,"
approved Augusta, J861, foi asset-sing, levying, and collect-
ing the ducet taxes therein mentioned, cannot be peaceably
executed, the said direct taxes, b} said act apportioned
anions the sevci.il States andTenitoiie«, respectively, shall
he apportioned and ehaized in each State and Terntoiy,or
part theieof, wheiein the civil authority is thus obstructed,
upon all the lands and lot- ot ground situate therein, respect-
ively, except such as are exempt tiom taxation by the laws
of said State or of the United States, as the said lands 01
lots of gionnd were emiuietated and valued under tiie last
assessment and valuation theieof made undei the authority
of said State or Temtoiy ptcvious to the 1st day of Janu-
ary, A D. 1881; and each and every parcel of the said lands,
according to haul valuation, aic hereby declaied to be, by
vntue of this act, chaiged with the payment of so much of
the whole tax laid and apportioned by said act upon the
State oi Temtory wherein the same are respectively situ-
ate, as shall bear the tame direct proportion to the whole
amount of the diiect tax appoitinned to said State or Tei-
ritoiy as the value of .said parcels of land shall tespectively
fcreai to the whole valuation of the real estate in -aid State or
Tenitory according to the said assessment and valuation
made under the authouty of the same.
Then the second section provides that by the
blank day of blank next, the President shall issue
his proclamation describing the boundaries of
thescinsuriectionarydistricts,and upon that proc-
lamation issuing, the tax becomes charged ipso
facto, without anyother proceeding whatever. I
believe my honorable friend from Vermont will
find himself mistaken as to the great majority of
all this insurrectionary region.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment, I looked at the section to
which he alludes providing for these commission-
ers making assessments of apart'of a State. It
appeared to me that the thing was impracticable
for the reason I have already stated. Whether
they will be able to hunt up assessments in those
States by which they can do it is more than I can
tell. I do not know but that is possible; but so
long as that section remains in the bill it involves
the difficulty I have stated. Even in my own
State, they might find them there, but the State
has no record of that kind. They might be found
by the collectors in towns or counties, but the
States have nothing of that sort. How they man-
age their municipal affairs m the southern States
I know not; hut the great point I made was this:
that that section of the bill which undertakes to
enable these commissioners to assess a tax upon
a part of a State, without assessing it upon the
whole, and without having the means of knowing
what the whole is, is impracticable.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, f assume
that in the most of these States there is an as-
sessed valuation which is recorded among the rec-
ords and archives of the State. The Senator from
Virginia says that in the Stale of Virginia that
assessment and valuation is recorded at the capi-
tal at Richmond, for all the assessments through-
out the whole of the State are recorded there.
Such is the fact in relation to all our western
States, and I presume the majority of the south-
ern States. It possibly may not be so in all of the
southern States, but certainly is in some; and if
it is impossible to reach all those States, it is bet-
ter to reach such as we can.
Now, sir, a single word in relation to the elev-
enth section of the bill to which the honoiable
Senator from Illinois calls the attention of the
Senate. That section reads as follows:
That .-aid board of eomuiisMOnei^, by arid with ihe ap-
proval of the commanding general in said district, may fiom
tune to time make such tempoiaiy rules for the order and
government of all persons residing within the said district
as shall be just and humane, until the civil authouty of the
Fedeial Government shall be established and acknowledged
as mentioned in the ninth .section; which said rules and
regulations shall be appioved by the Piesident, and be by
him submitted to the next session of Congress lor their re-
vision and modification.
The whole bill assumes to deal with insurrec-
tionary districts where the civil authority is over-
borne. It assumes that these commissioners are
to have certain powers and duties to perform in
relation to the lands; and itis but proper that they,
without inteiferingat all with the milituiy admin-
istration within the district, which is given to the
commanding general, should be permitted, with
his consent, to make rules and regulations until
the civil authority is reestablished, as provided in
the ninth section; and in order to see what this is,
I will read that section. It is as follows:
That in eases wheic the owncis of said lots and parcels
of giound have abandoned the same, and have not paid the
ta\ theruoti as piovided for in the third section of this act,
nor paid the same, nor redeemed the said lands from sale as
provided for in the seventh section of this act, and the said
boaid of eommissioneis shall be satisfied that said owneis
have left the same to join the rebel toices, or otherwise to
engage in and abet this rebellion, and the same shall have
been stiuck off to the United States at said s>ale, the :>aid
commi-sioners shall, in the name of the United State-, en-
ter upon and take possession of the same, and may lease
the same, together or in paicels, to any person or persons
until the said icbellion and insmiection m said State shall
be put down and the civil authority of the United States
established, and until the people of said State shall elect a
Legislature and State olficers, who shall take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, to be an-
nounced by the proclamation of the I're&ident, and until
the l.-t day ot March next thereafter, said leases to be m
such form and \\ ith Mich seeunty as shall, in the judgment
of said commissioneis, pioduce to the United States the
greatest revenue, subject, hovvevei, to the appioval of the
President.
This eleventh section gives to these commis-
sioners, with the consent of the commanding gen-
eral, not only authority over these abandoned
lands, but to make police regulations for the gov-
ernment of the district until the civil authority of
the Government is reestablished, and until the
people there elect a Legislature of theirown winch
shall swear to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and become loyal to the Government
of the United Suites—a thing which must be done
by some authority. As it now stands, perhaps,
it would be done by the commanding general of
the district alone.
Mr. Piesiilent, the bill has passed to such a
point, that, if our friends are not at this moment
prepared to vote upon it, I should be willing to
have it named for any particular time when it may
come up and can have further examination, and
we can take a vote upon it. I do not desire to
have it passed if it is impracticable; but 1 believe,
by looking into the rnoue in which taxes are as-
sessed in the various States, I shall be able to sat-
isfy my honorable friend from Vermont that there
is such a thing as an assessment and valuation in
almost all of those States, to say the least. If so,
I should hope that the bill might receive his sup-
port. If it is desired that it should not be acted
upon further to-day, I would be willing to post-
pone it to some time certain when we can take it
up and vote upon it. I have no objection to fix-
ing it in the morning hour, so that it shall not be
in the way of any other bill that may come before
the Senate. If the honorable Senator who con-
trols the finance measures of the Senate will allow
me, I have no objection to its being fixed for the
day after to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock,
as the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the question was put to the Senate on
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time, which the Chair announced as carried; but,
seeing that the discussion still went on, the Chair
directed the clerk to consider that as a nullity,
and treat the bill as still before the Senate and
open to amendment. The question, then, is on
ordeiing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then is the bill open to
amendment in the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis open to
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask for an expla-
nation ofthc first section ofthc bill which provides,
as I understand it, that these lands in the insur-
rectionary States shall be charged with so much
of the tax laid or apportioned as shall bear the same
direct proportion to the whole amount of the direct
tax as they bear to the whole valuation of the State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to my friend from
Ohio that the amount that South Carolina ought
to pay was fixed by the hill of last summer; the
amount that Virginia ought to pay was fixed by
the bill of last summer. Now we will say that
Eastern Virginia is in insurrection; Western Vir-
ginia is not. This bill assumes to charge the sev-
eral lots of ground in the insurrectionary portion
of Virginia with their propoi tion of the whole tax
thus apportioned to the State of Virginia in the
same direct proportion that those lots will bear in
their valuation to the whole real estate valuation
of the State of Virginia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that; but in ad-
dition there should be added the amountcxpended
in the collection of this tax in the district. Under
the bill, the whole amount of the tax might be
exhausted in paying the salaries of these officers,
and yet not be sufficient. I suggest, therefore, that
there be added at the end of the section, equivalent
words to those which I now read:
And in addition to the amount so charged on said lands
there shall be charged an amount sutficient to pay all the
expenses to he incurred in collecting such tax, including
the salaries of all commissioners and officers appointed
under this act.
As a matter of course, I think each insurrection-
ary State, in addition to the amount prescribed by
the law of last session, should pay all the expenses
of this mode of taxation. It being an extraor-
dinary mode and only enforced on account of war
or insurrection, they ought to pay the cost in ad-
dition to the amount assessed in the law. I will
offer that amendment simply for the purpose of
calling the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my friend
that he will find, if he looks into the third section
of the bill, that there is no expense whatever in-
clined up to the time thePresident issues his proc-
lamation. The proclamation of the President is
issued; sixty days is then given in which the own-
ers of the land may pay the amount of their tax
into the Treasury. The bill then provides that if
they do not pay it within sixty'days into the Treas-
ury, the lands aic liable to be sold. They are sold,
and after the sale they have sixty days in which
to redeem them, upon paying the expense of the
sale, adding the amount of tax with ten per cent,
interest thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend does not yet per-
ceive my point. Who pays the expenses of the
