1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8019
I hope Senators will be willing to give these arse-
nals to the western country, as there is no differ-
ence among us as to locality, and will pass the bill.
I believe its passage will save the Government
fully §1,000,000 in repairing and preserving; arms,
which I trust will in a short time be laid aside from
the active use in which they have been employed.
It is said that two hundred thousand men have
probably been under arms in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi during the last six months. I have no
doubt that that amount of guns has been in the
hands of our troops, probably more, probably a
quarter of a million, and that many are there now.
They have all to be repaired to some extent; they
will be all more or less disabled. In some cases
the stock will be broken. The armorer that is at-
tached to a regiment cannot repair a stock. If they
were sent to an arsenal, new stocks might be taken
from the armory at Springfield and they might be
repaired with a very littlccost. Probably a dollar
might repair a musket so as to make it perfectly
good—a repair that could not be made by the arm-
orer with the regiment. That armorer is only in-
tended to supply a screw or some little thing. He
may have an extra number of some parts of the
gun which he can supply; but when the stock
is broken, when a valve is bent, when a lock is
broken, so that the parts of the gun may require a
little work before they can be attached together,
youmust have recourse to some arsenal or armory
where it may be repaired. Now, the question is
whether you will take it all the way to Springfield
where it was made in order to have a few repairs
made. The cost of repairing would be probably
not one half the cost of transportation.
Whether these arsenals shall bo extensive or
not is left to the War Department. They may go
on and hire a building in Columbus at a cost of
$1,000 a year, or they may establish an arsenal
there on a small scale, or they may establish one
at a cost of $100,000. All that must necessarily
be left to the War Department, and this money
cannot be expended without the assent of the
War Department. The amount for each place is
not definitely fixed. It is true, there is an ap-
propriation ncre of a certain amount, but they
need not go up to that amounfr. It seems to me,
therefore, that on the scorc of economy and ex-
pediency, it is better to settle this question now,
and as these places are substantially agreed upon,
reported by the committee, and as Senators can-
not pointoutany substantial objection to the places
named, I think we had better at once agree upon
them and pass the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York
to refer this bill to the select committee raised on
the subject of a national foundery and armory.
Mr. KING. 1 do not propose to refer it for the
purpose of obtaining information as to locality,
and still some information might be received from
a committee on that subject which would be use-
ful to the Senate when they determine, not only
the fitness of the localities, but as to the number
of them and their arrangement. The reason why
I have made the motion is that we have no in-
formation as to the necessity of these arsenals,
except such as exists in our own general knowl-
edge of the condition of things in the country.
The War Department does not ask for this, and
in my opinion, notwithstanding these are useful
establishments, as they cannot be brought into
use during the present difficulties, I would wait
until those difficulties are over.
I differ with the Senator from Ohio upon one
point. He suggests that there i3 nothing definitely
fixed, so that this matter is all left to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War. Why, sir, the bill
appropriates $100,000 to each of those localities,
which is an entirely sufficient sum to build up a
heavy establishment. For aught I know, large
establishments of this kind, in these various local-
ities, maybe useful and beneficial to the country,
but that they cannot be made valuable now we all
know; and, in my opinion, when an appropriation
is made by Congress for a specific purpose of this
sort, to be carried into effect by an executive offi-
cer of tiie Government, the Secretary at the head
of one of the Departments, he is not at liberty to
disregard the law. fn my judgment, ho ought to
execute rh   law of Congress as it goes to him; and
this doctrine that Congress merely makes a law
which the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment arc to observe or not, at their pleasure, is one
that I hope never to see established or grow up in
this country.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the observations
of the Senator from New York, I will say that it
has been settled for many years, by probably a
hundred cases, that a mere appropriation of money
is simply a discretion placed in the hands of the
Executive to be used. I could name very many
appropriations that have been made for the upper
lakes for a great variety of cases; appropriations
made in just this language, where the money has
not been used, and where nobody has found fault
on that account. Where money is directly and
explicitly appropriated for a particular purpose,
and a direction is made that it shall be expended,
the officer is then bound to carry out the direction;
but where money is simply set apart for special
objects, the executive officer is at liberty to ex-
pend the money or not, as he deems expedient;
and the law provides what shall be done with
money appropriated for spccial purposes that is
not used for those purposes.
Mr. KING. 1 have no question that cases have
occurred where money has been appropriated and
the Departments have not used it; and I know in-
stances where they were directed to use it where
they did not do so; but in my opinion that prac-
tice is entirely wrong, and it is not justified by any
sound principle.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope this motion will not
prevail. I can sec no practical good that can re-
sult from it. There was great propriety in refer-
ring the question of a foundery to a select com-
mittee; and for this reason: the Government does
not possess a foundery now; we never have had
one; we have never cast our cannon for ourselves;
we buy them in blocks, turn them out, and then
bore them. It was proposed by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs that we should
go into that manufacture. Then the question that
was to be determined was, whether it was most
advisable for us to go into that manufacture our-
selves, or whether we had better continue the
course wo had pursued, and in order to enable us
■ to determine that, it was necessary for us to take
some testimony. Now, we do not want to ascer-
tain anything about the chaiacter of arms, as wo
did in that case. Again, another question arose
as to the location of the foundery. One set of Sen-
ators said that it ought to be located in the vicin-
ity of coal and iron; that there was the place where
cannon should be cast. Airothcr set said it ought
to be located in the vicinity of tide-water, whore
ships could come up to receive cannon from the
foundery. That was another question legitimate
for a committee to investigate, and they proposed
to take testimony on that subject, and would have
done it if they had not been informed by the Sec-
retary of War, or if the Senator from New York
had not been informed by the Secretary of War,
that ho did not desire a foundery, but chose to con-
tinue to contract for the manufacture of cannon
as has been the case heretofore.
Mr. KING. The Senator there goes a little
further than the statement. The point was, that
it could not be made use of during the present dif-
ficulties; and the opinion of the Secretary was,
that inasmuch as the appropriation could not be
made available for the present difficulties, it was
not desirable, however much he might wish such
an establishment, to incur the expense now.
Mr/GRIMES. It was understood that it was
not deemed desirable at this time. That, how-
ever, is not the case here. We all know, we are
just as competent to decide that there ought to be
an arsenal for the reception of arms to arm our
fellow-citizens, or the Secretary of War or any
witness who may come before the select commit-
tee. Wc know that there ought to be an arsenal
in the central State of Ohio, with her two million
people, where they can be readily armed to put
down a domestic insurrection, or to march against
a foreign enemy, if one should invade our soil.
Wc know that, and we do not need the testimony
of anybody to convince us of that, or the author-
itative opinion of the head of the War Department
to convince us that there should be an arsenal in
the midst of that gallant people, the Indianians,
for the same reason.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. So far as the action
of the War Department is concerned, I beg leave
to say that Indianapolis has already been adopted
by the War Office. For some months past we
have had an arsenal there in fact, and have fur-
nished ammunition for the armies of the West,
and have been repairing arms, and all that. So
far as theargumentgoes that the Secretary of the
War Department has not'demanded it, I say, on
the contrary, that he has demanded it in the
strongest terms by establishing; an arsenal there
in fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same remark applies
to Columbus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is precisely the same at
Springfield, Illinois. Thousands of arms have
been repaired there, and large quantities of ammu-
nition made. A great many persons have been
employed there.
Mr. KING. That has been done not only at
these places, but at a great many other places, and
is the very reason why we want no specific places
pointed out by law. It is done now under suffi-
cient authority of law.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not more than ten minutes,
by the clock, since the Senator from New York
was contending for a strict construction of laws
by the Secretary of War and everybody else, and
arguing where a specific appropriation of §100,000
was made, the full $100,000 should be expended;
and yet now, when the question is, whether we
shall have an arsenal, whether we shall have our
arms repaired under law, or by authority of law,
or without any law at all, but upon the mere die-
turn of the Secretai y of War, at such placc as he
shall select, the Senator says that he prefers that
they should bo repaired exactly where the Secre-
tary of War chooses. Now, sir, I do not agree
with him in that. The question is, in reality,
whether we shall allow the Secretary of War to
repair his arms, to store his arms, to deposit them
where he chooses, or whether wc shall exercise
the prerogative that is intrusted to us by the States
of this Union, and declare that certain points which
we believe and know are the most accessible and
convenient and the safest, shall be the points of
deposit for these arms. That is the question. I
prefer to exorcise that power myself.
Mr. KING. There is no room for any misun-
derstanding between the Senator from Iowa and
myself as to the operation of the law and the au-
thority of the Secretary. I said that where a spe-
cific appropriation was made, it was in my judg-
ment obligatory on the Secretary to carry it out.
He has the authority now to repair arms and dis-
tribute them,and of all the regiments in our whole
Army, regular or volunteer, there is probably not
a single regimental camp in which arms arc not
repaired. It is proper that it should he so. There
is no specific act of Congress on that subject, but
these arc temporary arrangements, and I would
not now give the Secretary of War authority to
establish these permanent depots of arms or ar-
senals; that should be done by law, but I would
not pass the law at this time.
Mr. WADE. I did not expect that this propo-
sition would meet with so formidable an opposi-
tion as it seems to have encountered, and much
less did I expect that opposition would be started
by and come from a western man. Now, sir, be-
yond the Alleghany mountains there is a very
large extent of country and a very numerous peo-
ple that have no establishments of this kind, and
it is not to be supposed that that people will be
entirely contented with being informed that they
arc safe enough, and that they can be armed ft om
Springfield, in Massachusetts, and that that is near
enough for them, and that they ought not to con-
cern themselves much about it; that the Gov-
ernment can make gigantic establishments down
there, and that they ought to be satisfied with that.
I do not think we should be satisfied with itupon
general principles. The fact is that it is not suffi-
cient for the purposes of the Government. So ne-
cessary are these establishments m the Northwest
to the carrying on of this war that we are com-
pelled to intrust the Secretary of War with a kim*
of ambulatory authority to perform just what wc
want now to regulate by law.
The Senator from New York says that these
establishments cannot be brought into use soon
enough to answer any beneficial purpose during
the progress of this war. I hope the war will be
honorably ended so soon that we shall have no
occasion for them, but I see nothing in pie&ciil
circumstances that warrants the Senator fiom New
York m supposing even that. Arms aie warned
constantly by your armies in the field, and just so
long as they remain in the field their arms will re-
