1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to he put.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. DUELL. I desire to offer a resolution,
and move its reference to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I call for the regular order
of business. The Committee on Military Affairs
have a bill important to the interests of the whole
country, and especially of Kentucky, which!
desire them to have an opportunity to report.
CALL 0® COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees of the House for reports.
LOUISIANA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported back the
bill of the House (No. 1)4) authorizing floats to
issue in satisfaction of claims against the United
States for lands sold by them within the Las
Omegas and La Nana grants, in the State of Lou-
isiana; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE.
Mr. ALDRICH,from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Committee on Indian Affairs be, and
lieieby is, authorized to employ a eleik during the piesent
Congress, to he paid the usual per diem when actually em-
ploy ed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Minnesota whether it has been customary
to allow that committee the employment of a
clerk ?
Mr. ALDRICH. It has been, for some years
past. I will state further, while I am up, for the
information of the House, that few committees of
the House have more business to transact than
the Committee on Indian Affairs. During the
last session of Congress that committee met twice
or three times every week, and often four times.
They have more business than they can transact.
I do hope the House will give us this clerk. I am
instructed by every member of the committee to
ask it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If a clerk be necessary to
this committee, of course I will make no objec-
tion; but I think that this House, as well as the
Senate, are resolved to establish the most rigid
system of economy, which we all know is ur-
gently demanded by the existing exigencies of the
country.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
KENTUCKY IIOME GUARDS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Mililaty Affairs, reported a bill to authorize
the raising; of a volunteer force for the better de-
fense of Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman propose
to put the bill upon its passage now?
Mr. BLAIR, of Miss'ouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that it will be printed,
and time given for its examination, before it is put
upon its passage. I think it questionable whether
we ought to authorize the raising of a force which
will not be under obligation to go wherever they
may be ordered by the Commander-in-Chief of
our armies. I will not say that T will not vote for
it; but I certainly am not in favor of raising troops
which will not fight for the Government wherever
they may be ordered.
Mr. BLAIII, of Missouri. The bill provides
that they mav be used els-where than in Ken-
tucky, at the" discretion of the commanding gen-
eval. , . , , .
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is a conditional thing.
They are to be used simply in Kentucky, and it
is only conditional that they can be used else-
where. I forget the precise language of tile bill
on the subject.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. They may boused
outside of the State, at the discretion of the com-
manding general, i wilt tell the gentleman from
Illinois "that it has been deemed important to raise
this force m Kentucky, in order that the rear ot our
advancing army may be protected when that army
has gone beyond the botdeis ot the State,and to
keep open the communication with its supply
depots in the free States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not wish to lay a straw
in the way of anything of that nature which may
be deemed important, although in listening to the
bill I thought there was a condition to the enlist-
ment of this force which I think improper. If it
would not be detrimental to the interest of the
country I would like this measure to lie over for
a day or two in order that it may be printed and
open to examination. If, however, it is deemed
important to pass it now, I will not interpose
objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me explain the object
of the bill. Mr. Speaker, there is no purpose in
it to raise a force in Kentucky, which would be
unwilling to fight at home or abroad in defense of
the Union and the Constitution of these United
States. I think that those who have turned their
attention to the movements of the army of the
Southwest must have discovered that Kentucky
is destined to be, in a very short time, the battle-
field of this war. We in that State expect soon to
see the day when the feet of the invader shall be
fast receding from her soil, and the soldiers of trea-
son expelled in disastrous defeat. But when that
shall be done, it becomes necessary to protect the
rearof ouradvancingand victorious army. There
are seven hundred miles of border between Vir-
ginia, Tennessee, and Kentucky, inhabited by a
sparse population, but however small, yet a pop-
ulation of brave men. They have been invaded,
and their homes have been ruthlessly devastated
by a marauding force of rebels under Zollicoffer.
The moment the main body of our army shall
move down the Mississippi in Middle or Southern
Tennessee, then the whole of the border I have
referred to will be exposed to marauding parties.
These parties are now there moving rapidly from
place to place on horseback. Houses are burned,
and whatever property cannot be carried off is
destroyed.
This force then is necessary to protect the rear
of our advancing army, and to prevent these raids
upon the border. The people of Kentucky desire
the passage of this measure in order to preserve
peace and security behind our army when it moves
out of that State. The number'of troops for the
three years' service, furnished by that State, is
more than her quota. Her sons have come up, to
the number of thirty-seven thousand, to fight for
the Union. They and all others who may enlist
i are ready to fight for the country and its integrity
. wherever their services may be needed. Butwedo
i not want seven hundred miles of border to be left
i exposed to rebel forays. We want this corps for
| its protection, and to keep open communications
i with the starting point of the coming campaign—
for Kentucky will be that point—and with the
supply depots of the Government. The railroad
lines and bridges ought to be protected, as all
must admit, and with this force that object can
be accomplished.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman why the troops regularly mustered into the
service of the United States cannot accomplish all
this—protect our rear and our communications—
without raising this distinctive corps?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I think that we will need
all of the three years' men which have been en-
listed for the coming campaign. I do not know
what is the opinion of those who have command
of the Army, but that is my opinion. 1 believe
that we will need all we can get in our march
down the Mississippi river. As the army
mai ches down the banks of that river this volun-
teer force will be needed to protect the public
highways throughout Kentucky, as well as the
! public property that willbe upon them. We want
this as ail auxiliary force to prevent inroads into
our borders, and to render speedy and prompt aid
at any time the Commander-m-Chief may need it
for the mam body of the army.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman think it
important to pass this bill to-day > I do not think
that any injury will arise by its postponement for
a day or two, in order that it may be examined.
Mi'. WICKLIFFE. I have received froiYUhc
military committee of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky an urgent application to present to the War
Department tor just such a coips. After it was
received, I had an interview with the Seeietary
<,f War, and he approved of authorizing the rais-
in0' of the tore-"1 provided in this bill; but I was
told that it was necessary to procure additional
legislation, inasmuch as the five hundred thousand
volunteers ordered at the last session had already
been raised. Therefore, unless this bill is passed
into law, this necessary volunteer force cannot be
raised.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the War Department approves of
this bill?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have said that J con-
versed with the Secretary of War,and thathehad
approved of it. I also had a conversation with
the President of the United States, sind he ap-
proved of it, and told me that his Cabinet council
had approved of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, it is very
fortunate for most of the members of this House
that they know nothing personally, or through
their constituency, of the necessity of extending
protection to the persons and property of loyal
men. Some of us have personal knowledge on that
subject. I have spent much of the last two or three
months in the State of Kentucky—a considerable
part of the time in that portion of the State which
has been subject to the ravages and the outrages of
rebel troops. I have seen men and women and
children fleeing from before them with such of
then-effects as they could hastily gather together
in their flight, taking with them their servants—
their slaves—and fleeing with them to the flag ot
the country, to gain protection for that, with other
kinds of property, against the ravages of the rebel
troops, who were overrunning the soil and laying
waste their homes. I have seen where theirfields
have been desolated, their fences destroyed, and
their homes made a wilderness. There are other
portions of the country where I have not per-
sonally been so recently. I may speak of my
own immediate district, a part of the State I have
the lionoralone now to represent upon this floor—
the part known as Eastern Tennessee. I will not
take time, or embrace this occasion, although I
may some other time, to exhibit to this House and
the country the condition of things there, and to
show how those people, loyal in the beginning,
loyal ever since, and who will be loyal to the end,
have been left unprotected, unsupported, unsus-
tained by the Government to which they have so
firmly devoted themselves. What I wish to say
now is this: I hold it to be the duty of this Gov-
ernment to protect loyal men everywhere. Loyal
I men in Kentucky, or in Tennessee, or in South
j Carolina even, are as much entitled to be pro-
tected by the Go\ernment as loyal men in your
S State, Mr. Speaker, or in the States which ad join
| it. This bill, as I gather from hearing it read, is
* framed with reference to extending that protec-
tection to loyal men; and, sir, it seems to me that
this House, that Congress ought not to hesitate
a moment; and I am sure if members knew per-
sonally the necessity of this protection , they would
not. I mean protection aside from military oper-
ations; because this is not a war between different
countries, between contiguous nations, in which
the individual must share the fate of his nation,
butawar between the Government and those who
are in rebellion against it—a war to protect the
Government and the Constitution from those wtio
would destroy both. And 1 hold that those who
are true and loyal to the country in States which
profess to have scccdcd, or in those contiguous to
them, are entitled to be protected by the Govern-
ment in their loyalty, and not be left at the tender
mercies of those who are worse than savages. We
! haveexpendcdmiliionsof money every year upon
j our western frontiers to protect our settlers against
I roving bands of Indians who have been running
I wild over that vast extent of country. It seems to
I me we owe the same protection to loyal men else-
! where, without lespect to any military effect, or
i any connection with the general military opera-
' tions which may be thought necessary to put down
. this rebellion.
Mr. RINGFIAM obtained the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to have read a letter addressed to
I: members of the Committee on Military Aftaiis?
!| Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
ji The letter was read, as follows:
l ! Frankcort, December 4, 18t>l.
: i '(11, ,v e Hirs : I take the iibeity of inclosing to vou a letter
! tn tlie Seeietary of War, which T beg you to piesent, una
i uitm the necessity of raising forces for our protection against
! i boidei invasions and mmaudnl!; parties. If the ofcjeci s
I: approved, ! tlunk a large portion of the foiee ihonld lie
