1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
general with the same rank and pay, and three
aids, ranking as captains, with an aggregate pay
of $463 50 per month. If the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Missouri be adopted, it
will add to these staff officers a division quarter-
master and a division commissary of subsistence,
each ranking as major, and each receiving §197
per month.
Butthe bill as itstands,leaving outfor the pres-
ent the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, will increase the staff expenses of each
general commanding a division from $429 50 per
month to §1,054 50 per month, an increase for each
division of the Army of $635 per month or §7,500
per year. This, on an estimate of there being forty
divisions in the Army, will increase the staff ex-
penses §300,000 a year; and if the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri shall prevail, the in-
creased expenditure will be, under the operations
of this hill, about §489,120 a year. As I under-
stand it, there will be created by this bill about
forty brigade surgeons, forty assistant inspectors
general, and forty aids, and as proposed to be
amended by the gentleman from" Missouri, forty
quartermasters and forty commissaries of subsist-
ence. I do not pretend to say that there are ex-
actly forty divisions in the Army, but I have, in
an official shape, an intimation that such is the
fact. ' I do not pretend to say that some means
may not be devised by which certain subaltern
officers may be detailed to perform the duties of
some of those who may be detailed for service on
the division staffs. But I do say that, as a general
thing, that is impracticable, ana it cannot be done
without thereby weakening the company and regi-
mental organization of the Army in other respects.
I do not feel that we are in a position to autlior-
.ize us to take any such steps, with all my good
feelings and friendly regard for the officers of di-
visions of the Army, many of whom I personally
know, and all of whom I respect. To aid them
in every proper way, I will bo disposed to go with
him who goes to the furthest extent consistent
with the high obligations we owe the country.
Butthe present bill will involve so much injustice
and wastefulness, and accomplish, in my opinion,
so little which should be regarded, in proportion
to the injuries it will inflict, that I have felt it to
be my duty to say this much in opposition to it.
With a view, however, to bring the House to
a direct test vote upon it—while, if it is their inien-
tion to pass it in some shape, I desire to see it
amended in one or two particulars—I will, if it be
in order, move to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yielded the floor
to the gentleman to make remarks upon the sub-
ject, but not to make such a motion *
Mr. McPHEItSON. If the gentleman objects
to a test vote at this time, I will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not object to
any test vote; but I believe I still hold the floor,
and I do not yield it at the present for the motion
which the gentleman indicates; certainly until
something has been said in reply to the remarks
he has made.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman permit me
to say a word or two upon the bill ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield the floor
to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. I would not take any part in this
discussion, except for the cffect produced upon
my mind in favor of the bill from repeated conver-
sations held with General Burnside upon the sub-
ject—and I can sav to the House that he is the
only officer of the Army with whom I have had
any communication upon the subject. In several
conversations with him before he left this city, he
expressed himself very anxious for the passage
of some measure like this; and so impressed was
he with the importance of its speedy passage that
he wrote me a letter from Annapolis, shortly be-
fore embarking from that point on his expedition,
again urging immediate action on this measure, i
I do not say that he recommended this particu- j
lar bill, but he was anxious that a bill should be i
passed increasing the number of stuff officers for '
division commanders. And so important did he j
deem the matter in his own case, that he appointed j
and took with him additional officers without any 1
provisions being made for their compensation.
So necessary did he consider the increase that he
took them even upon these terms.
Now, it is very easy for a gentleman to find
fault with particular provisions of a bill so general
in its character as this. I could take the roll of
the officers of this House, and point out officers—
a good many of them—who, in my judgment, are
receiving pay far beyond the value of their ser-
vices, and who might very well be dispensed with
altogether.
But I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
remember that while we have increased the num-
ber of employes in every department and bureau
of the Government connected with the war, it is
but reasonable that there should be some increase
in the number of those actually engagedin the war.
Since thecommencement of this war, we have made
three Assistant Secretaries of War, we have made
an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and have add-
ed, so far as I know, to the clerical force of every
bureau connected with the war. If we have failed
to do so in respect to any bureau, it has been a
great fault on our part, for the business of the
War and Navy Departments is still suffering for
want of sufficient clerical force. Then, I say, when
we are increasing the force in these Departments
and bureaus, it is but a fair presumption that an
additional staff force is also l-cquired by the gen-
erals in command of divisions.
I ask the attention of the gentleman also to the
fact that the additional officers authorized by the
bill are to continue only during the continuance
of the present rebellion. The bill does not pro-
vide for a permanent increase of the staff officers
of the Army.
I believe the way to give full efficiency to our
Army is to give to those who have the responsi-
bility of conducting the war the means which they
themselves deem necessary. I repeat, that in my
judgment, those men who are responsible before
the country for conducting the war, and who have
been commissioned because of their supposed abil-
ity, are better judges of what is necessary to make
the Army most efficient, than the civilians upon
this floor. I would pay just as much attention to
their criticisms if they were to come here and find
fault with the manner in which we are doing our
business—although they might with reason com-
plain of our delay and inaction—as I would to
the criticisms of civilians upon this floor of the
plans furnished by the officers in command of the
Army for increasing its efficiency.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania seems to
take particular exception to the provision of the
bill which provides for the appointment of ajudge
advocate to each division. Why, does not the
gentleman know that every day officers and men
arc arrested for some cause or other, and that it is
important they should be tried by courts-martial
as speedily as possible, so that if the chargcs are
not sustained the parties arrested may be restored
to their positions in the service ?
Mr. McPIIERSON. The gentleman must
surely know that under the military regulations,
as they now exist, whenever a number of arrests
have been made a general court-martial is ordered
by special order of the general commanding.
Mr. DUNN. I do not profess to know very
much about military affairs, and would much pre-
fer to rely upon the judgment of military men
than upon my own judgment. I do know, how-
ever, that it was considered a matter of great
grievance, prior to the pi esent session of Congress,
that no general court-martial could be held for the
trial of military offenders in any department of the
Army without the convictions being submitted to
General McClellan for approval or disapproval.
Now, the very creation of this office of judge ad-
vocate will have a tendency to increase the effi-
ciency of the Army in this: that instead of keep-
ing officers and soldiers arrested on various charges
m confinement awaiting the convening of a gen-
eral court-maitial, by giving them a speedy trial,
if the charges are not sustained, they will be re-
stored at once to their positions m the field.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania* I think,
makes his calculations upon a wrong basis as to
the increase made by this bill in the number of
staff officers. He proceeds upon the supposition
that the whole Army is divided up into divisions
of some four brigades each. Now, sir, we have
no such divisions, or, at least, but few of them.
Our Army is upon a grander scale. , The divis-
ions are much larger, and therefore the calcula-
tions of the gentleman do not apply to the basis
as it exists. But, in any event, 1 ask if this in-
crease in staff is needed to enable the generals in
command to discharge promptly and efficiently
the duties devolving upon them, whether it is not
better to authorize the increase ?
As to the objection the gentleman has made to
a particular section of the bill which, in his judg-
ment, would authorize the appointment of civil-
ians upon the staffs of division generals, I ask
him whether the very esprit de corps to which he
has referred is not a sufficient protection against
that? I ask him whether officers in command of
an army in the field, who have upon them all the
perils and responsibilities of battle, are very likely
to place civilians in positions of responsibility ?
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the gentleman if
civilians were not appointed to important posi-
tions in the Army in the beginning of the war?
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir; at a time when we had
not enough officers of experience in the country
to command our armies, and had to select them
from civil life. But now, when the complaint
comes from the Army itself, that civilians have
befin put in command over those who have borne
" the heat and burden of the day," and that this
lias been, and is being done through the influence
of members of Congress and others not in the
service, instead of promoting officers already in
the service, I think there is no danger of civil-
ians being appointed to these places by officers
commanding divisions. However, without know-
ing the wishes of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs upon the subject, I have my-
self no objection to a provision excluding civil-
ians; for I think with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that appointments to important positions
in the Army ought to be made from those who
have gone into the service of the country as of-
ficers or privates. I agree with him that appoint-
ments to high offices in the Army should not be
made from civil life, except in veiy extreme cases.
I have said more than I intended to say upon
this subject. I simply wished to bring before the
House the fact that one of the most experienced
and gallant officers of the Army had urged upon
me, as a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that a bill of this character should be
pressed, and earnestly pressed, upon the consid-
eration of the House, and passed as promptly as
possible.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, I entertain so
much respect for my friend and colleague, [Mr.
McPherson,] and know his ability so well in
every sphere in which I have had the pleasure to
be associated with him, that when he interposed
an objection to this hill the day before yesterday,
I saw with pleasure that the House entertained it,
and gave him time to elaborate the views which
he has presented here to-day; but I must say that
reflection has not enabled me to coincide with
them. I do not intend to reply to them in detail;
but I would say generally that the fullest organ-
ization of the military staff is not too much for
our Army under the present circumstanccs. I do
not believe that there now exists, nor do I believe
that this bill will create, one superfluous office—
one office that is not needed for the efficiency of
our troops in the field.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of the
United States was received, by Mr. Nicolay, his
Piivate Secretary.
DIVISION STAFF OFFICERS AGAIN.
Mr. BIDDLE. I was about to advert to the
fact that a large number of officers in the volun-
teer army, who are performing their duties for the
first time, require a greater amount of supervision,
such as is given by inspectors and other officers
contemplated by this bill.
With respect to the aids for division command-
eis, the House need only turn to the bill to see
that these aids-de-camp are only to bear the rank
of captain, and that their appointments are to
cease on the expiration of the division command.
They are, therefore, offices temporary in their
character, and are not likely to be sought for in
the line of the Army; indeed, there has always
been a great disposition on the part of volunteer
generals to take as their aids officers from the line
of the Army.
It is a fact well known to the House that so
many officers of the regular Army were selected by
volunteer commandeis for their staffs, that finally
a regulation was made forbidding it. I do not
