78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
eavalry. Be pleased to have the subjcct attended to imme
iliatcly, and if anything is done, let mc know the result by
telegraph' This is necessary, because our membersdesire
very much a short session. TT*Tr*rmT*T,M™
Truly yours, It. UNDERWOOD.
Hon. C. A. Wiokliffb,
Hon. J. J. Crittenden.
Mr. BINGHAM. As at present advised, 1 do
not see any objection to the general purposes of
the bill, or to its generalprovisions. The bill not
only provides for the employment of this force
within the State of Kentucky, but it specially
provides as well that they may be employed tem-
porarily elsewhere in defense of the State against
invasion, and for enforcing the laws of the United
States. So far the purposes of the bill seem to be
all right. But I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman from Kentucky to the fact that the
fourth section of the bill has manifestly an omis-
sion in it. The fourth section provides that the
forces or soldiers thus enrolled and mustered into
the service of the United States shall be placed on
the same footingas other volunteers of the United
States as to pay, subsistence, clothing, and other
emoluments for and during the time they may
be in the service. The omission, the important
omission, to which I wish to call the gentleman's
attention, is that there should be incorporated into
that section the words "and shall be subject to
the rules and articles of war,"as was provided in
the several bills for raising volunteers heretofore
in the service of the United States.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have no objection to
that, for I take it for granted that they will be
subject to such rules and articles as soon as they
are sworn into the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have one further sugges-
tion to make. I have no desire to delay the pas-
sage of this bill; but I beg leave to state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, and to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, that if the
bill should lie over to be printed, it will come up
as unfinished business when the committee is
again called. If so, it can be printed; and when
that committee is called again, it can be put upon
its passage. I would inquire of the Chair whether
it would not come up as such unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. It will, when the call of the
committee is resumed
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My object is to get the
bill before the Senate at the earliest possible mo-
ment. If the House will make the consideration
of the bill the special order for Monday next, I
have no objection to that.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the gentleman moves
that proposition,! wish to suggest to him, and
to the Committee on Military Affairs, another
amendment to the bill. It occurs to me, from
hearing the bill read, that the power to raise and
organize this corps is conferred by the bill upon
the military board of the State of Kentucky. That
board is tiie mere creature of the Legislature of
Kentucky. My colleague has made this move-
ment upon the request of the chairman of the com-
mittee on military affairs of the Legislature of
Kentucky. I think he should amend the bill so
as to confer this power upon the General Assembly
of Kentucky, which created this military board,
and not upon the board itself. If they abolish
that board, this whole matter falls to the ground.
This has occurred to me, and I make the sugges-
tion to my colleague for his consideration.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to postpone the
consideration of the bill until one o'clock on Mon-
day, and that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OP THE EEVENUJE, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to expedite the collection of the
revenue, and the final disposition of suits arising
therefrom; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. OLIN moved that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolution in respect to extending
the franking privilege to soldiers, and that the
same be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
SLAVES "WITHIN MILITARY DISTRICTS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour bavin**
expired, the business in order is the consideration
of a resolution offered by the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot;] the consideration
of which was postponed until this time, and upon
which the gentleman from Massachusetts is en-
titled to the floor. The Clerk will read the res-
olution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, First.
That, in behalf of the people of these States, we do again
solemnly declare that the war in which wo aie now engaged
against the insurgent bodies now in arms against the Gov-
ernment has for its objcct the suppression ot such lebelhon
and the reestablislmient of the rightful authority of the
national Constitution and laws over the entire extent of our
common countiy. Second. That while we disclaim all
power under the Constitution to interfere, by ordinaiy legis-
lation, with the institutions of the sevcml States, yet the
war now existing must be conducted according to the
usages and rights of militaiy service, and that dining its
continuance the recognized authoiity of themaVun that the
safety of the State is the highest law, subordinates rights
of property, and dominates over civil relations*. Third.
That therefore we do hereby declare that, in oui judgment,
the President of the United States, aa the Commander-in-
Chief of our Aimy, and thoofficeis in command under him,
havf the right to emancipate ail peisons held as slaves by
rebels? in auvmihtaiv distiict in a state of insuirection
against the national Government, and that we respectfully
advise that such oider of emancipation be issued wheuev*!
the same will avail to weaken the power of the rebels in
arms, or to strengthen the military power of the loyal forces.
Mr. ELIOT. I commence thet debate upon
the great questions involved in this resolution,
and the bills and resolutions which have been
presented upon similar subjects, by other gentle-
men, with profound distrust of my ability to dis-
cuss them thoroughly; but with a full, abiding,
clear, and confidcntconviction that the good, com-
mon, sound sense of the members of this House,
their free instincts, their patriotic purposes, will
enable them to mature a plan that shall at once
embody the feelings, the wishes, the hopes, and
the demands of our constituents and of all loyal
men, and which will meet the great necessities of
this occasion.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to address myself to you
in all frankness and sincerity. It is no time for set
speech. The times themselves are not set. Speech
is demanded; but such as shall crystallize into acts
and deeds. Thoughts of men go beyond the form
of words into the realities of tilings. "When we
came together the other day I was impressed with
the conviction that no time should be needlessly
lost—no, not an hour—before the opportunity
should be presented to this House to express itself
in some way, and to some extent to give utterance
to its judgment, which should also be regarded in
a measure as the judgment of the people; for we
had just come from the people, ana if at any time
we would assume to represent their feelings, opin-
ions, and judgment, it would be then.
The vote which was taken upon the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana, satisfied me and
satisfied the country as to the general judgment
of the House. I would not be understood to say,
and I would not assume to say, that upon a final
vote upon those resolutions, the record would be
as it was upon the motion to lay them upon the table.
Indeed I know that would not be the case. Some
gentlemen favorable unquestionably to their gen-
eral scope voted against them, bccause it seemed to
them that the first resolution called for a return to
the old state of things. This resolution contem-
plates no such thing. No matter how, a few months
ago, loyal men might have yearned that the old
state of things should be restored. The status ante
helium is impossible. The first blow which was
struck at Fort Sumter rendered it impossible.
Stimulated by mad ambition, that blow shattered
the hopes of loyal men throughout the land. No,
sir; no, sir. Reconstruction must come, but in the
rebellious and seceding States, when it comes, it
shall come, I believe, without the presence of the
slave! Mr. Speaker, there arc gentlemen whose
names are recorded in favor of laying those resolu-
tions upon the table, who would, as they now
stand, sustain them. There are some among my
friends who voted to lay them upon the table as
they were first presented, who will not, os I hope,
vote against them now. They were controlled in
their votes because, as the resolutions were first
presented, they extended over the slaves of all
owners within military districts in insurrection
against the United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have one word to say upon
the amendment to the resolution. 1 believe, stand-
ing upon law, that the resolution, as it was first
offered, is right; that it is sustained by the high-
est authorities upon subjects analogous to this.
Why, sir, it is a war question-—it is a military
question; it is not a question of punishment for
holding slaves because the holding of slaves is
wrong; not ?t all. Slavery caused this rebellion;
did it not? Then is slavery outlaw; and it may
well be that the war power may extinguish it in
districts in insurrection against the Government;
and although it may be that there are loyal men
who thus incidentally would suffer, as loyal men
they would consent—the necessity existing—that
the power should be exorcised. But, neverthe-
less, loyal men should be protected from injury.
The resolutions, as at first offered, contemplated
no compensation; there was no provision for com-
pensation contained in them; yet loyal men must
not be treated as rebels, and in all our legislation
it should be understood that we desire that the
men who stand upright, when those around them
are faltering and falling, shall be 4eld h armless
from loss, and no word should now be uttered
that would seem to intimate that they and we are
set at variance. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I con-
sented that the resolution should be amended; and
I did so the more readily because a vote had been
taken upon it as first reported, which indicated
the judgment of the House. The resolution, as
now before us, will be a step in the right direc-
tion; and when a vote shall be taken upon it, I
desire that we may stand together. It was a good
vote upon the resolution as first offered; I want
that it shall be stronger; I want our loyal friends
all around the House to come up with me, and
ask the military power to take this step affecting
now the slave property of rebels. The resolu-
tions, as they stand now, I commend to the House
as being, so far as they go, sound, correct in prin-
ciple, and called for by the imperative necessities
of the times.
Mr. Speaker, before we shall enter upon the
discussion of the wider subjects that will open
before us as we advance, it is my humble task to
ask the consideration of the House to the resolu-
tions as they stand before us. The first declares
that the war in which we are now engaged has
for its object the suppression of the rebellion,and
the reestablishment of the rightful authority of
the United States; not by any manner of means
that when that object has been attained, we shall
thereupon return to the old state of things, for I
believe that to be impossible; but that the object
of the war is to suppress the rebellion, and to re-
cover and reestablish the rightful authority of the
United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far as the United States
is concerned as a Government, as a party carry-
ing on war against the rebels, there can, it seems
to me, be no two opinions upon this question. No
matter what may incidentally result; no matter
what effects shall be brought about in connection
with that object; no matter what property may
be affected; nevertheless it is still between the Gov-
ernment and the rebels a question of power; it is a
question whether or not the one or the other shall
be the stronger!
This, sir, has been called all over the country
an anti-slavery war by certain men who love sla-
very more than they do the Union. It is no such
thing. Slavery caused the war. and it may be
overturned by it; the power of the slaveholder is
carrying it on, and that power will be crushed;
the curse of slavery is at the foundation of it,and
that curse may be removed; but the object of the
war is to recover the rightful authority of the Uni-
ted States and put down treason. Why, sir, con-
sider the state of things existing at this moment
in South Carolina. Between Hilton Head and
Beaufort is a country, as I understand it, of some
fifteen or sixteen miles. All over that land the
houses are desolate, the occupants have gone, the
owners have fled, no man is there to say,li this
is my propcrty;""thc military foot of the United
States has stepped upon it; it is in the hands of
the military authorities of the Government. No
white man is there, nor is there any one there
except those of whom it has been said that they
have " no rights which a white man is bound to
respect." What are we to do with that country?
It is a part of the soil of the United States, and it
cannot be separated from it. It is a part of our
territory, and it must be brought back. Those
who held it have fled. It is in your hands. You
