2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
commissioners? Who pays the expenses of the
officers making the assessment? That is a diffi-
cult matter, as any one who is familiar with the
ordinary practical details of an auditor s office
Knows. A large amount of expenses is always
incurred in collecting a direct tax. They amount
ordinarily to five per cent. I think the landholders
in these insurrectionary States ought to f)ay the
tax, including the expenses of the commissioners;
otherwise it would not be an equal and just tax.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection what-
ever to the purpose of the amendment, if it can be
made practical, if you can practically fix it so that
the expenses can be computed, and put upon these
various lots of ground.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment moved by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask that that amend-
ment be reported.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. POWELL. It strikes me that amend-
ment is unconstitutional. I-think taxation should
be uniform. This amendment certainly proposes
to incumber these people with an amount of tax
that the people of other States do not pay. I can-
not vote for it; and I will ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the Constitution
can be quoted against every proposition that can
be made. The tax, the amount to be received by
the General Government, is fixed by the law of
last summer. This does not change it in the
slightest degree. The tax is apportioned accord-
ing to population, and in the constitutional mode.
The amendment which I have offered does not
increase the amount to be paid to the General
Government. The only question is, who shall
pay the cost of collecting the tax when you have
to resort to extraordinary or war measures to
collect it? Shall the United States pay it, and in
this way absorb the tax; or shall the persons who,
by taking part in this insurrection, or by living
in insurrectionary districts, prevent the law from
being enforced against them, pay the expense? I
think it is a very simple proposition. I dislike
very much to hear the Constitution quoted except
on grave occasions, where it applies to grave sub-
jects. It seems to me this is only a question as
to whether these landholders shall pay this ex-
traoidinary expense of collecting the tax in insur-
rectionary districts, or whether the United States
shall pay it, and thus exhaust the tax itself?
Mr. POWELL. The amendment, as I under-
stand it, compels these persons to pay the salaries
of the officers who collect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The expense.
Mr. POWELL. The salaries are a part of the
exponse. The Senator says he never wants to
hear the Constitution alluded to except 011 grave
matters. I think the question of taxation is as
grave a matter, perhaps, as there is before the
Senate; and I should not be much "astonished if
Senators should find that it is a question of some
gravity before we got through with it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. HARRIS. I omitted to vote, because if I
vote I want in a word to explain the ground of
my vote. I have very serious doubts as to the
constitutionality of this proposition. I do not be-
lieve it is constitutional. With a view to make a
quorum, therefore, I will vote, and I vote in the
negative.
ThePRESIDENTproiempore. Thevoteshows
the want of a quorum in the body present and ar-
rests the public business. No motion is in order
except to adjourn, or to direct the Sergeant-at-
Arms to lequest the attendance of absent Sena-
tors.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. KING appeared and voted in the affirma-
tive.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is now
a quorum.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motionif there
is any probability of getting a quorum.
The result was then announced-?-yeas 22, nays
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Coliainer, Davis, Dixon, DoolittJe, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, King, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Evck, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Lane of Kansas, Latham, MeDousall, Powell,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Willey,and Wilson of Missouii—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks i.t proper to call attention to the 16th rule
of the Senate, which the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read as follows:
" 1G. When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one
fifth of the members present, eacli member called upon
shall, unless for special reason he be excused by the Sen-
ate, declare openly, and without debate, his assent or dis-
sent to the question. In taking the yeas and nays, and upon
the call of the House, the names of the members shall be
taken alphabetically."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are two blanks in
the second line of the second section as to the time
when the proclamation of the President shall bo
issued. I move that they be filled by the words
" 15th" and "June," so that it will read, " that
on or before the 15th day of June next, the Presi-
dent, by his proclamation," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish to direct the attention
of the Senator who has this bill in charge to the
fourth section. In the first place, it seems to me
the phraseology might be amended a little; that
the words "in fee simple" should be omitted
either in the first line of the section or in the sixth.
I suggest that to the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection to that.
It seems to be a repetition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia will repeat the words to be stricken
out.
Mr. WILLEY. The words " in fee simple,"
in the first or sixth line, according as the Senator
himself designates.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer thatthe words " 111
fee simple," in the first and second lines, should
be stricken out. The same words, " in fee sim-
ple," appear in the sixth line of the fourth section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being made, those words will be stricken out in
the places indicated by the Senator.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin, that I trust there are, as he hopes,
many loyal people still in the South and in the
States in insurrection. There, as everywhere else,
people are indebted to one another, and I have no
doubt it is a fact that in many places where sales
might take place under this law, there would be
liens upon the lands in favor of loyal citizens,
liens by way of mortgage, and in Virginia, liens
peculiar to that State, liens in various forms. I
suggest to the Senator whether, under these cir-
cumstances, this absolute vesting of the title in the
United States and the selling of the land might not
operate to the prejudice of loyal persons who are
entitled to the benefit of these liens, and therefore,
whether there should not be in this section or some-
where else a provision made to protect them. No
doubt these sales will be made many times under
circumstances where the lands will not bring near
their value. At all events, I do not see any pro-
vision to protect the liens that may be existing at
this time and prior to the time of the sales. I merely
make this suggestion to the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe that always when
real estate ts taxed by the taxing power of the
Government, the tax takes precedence of every
other lien or charge whatsoever. There are pro-
visions in the bill which have a tendency to pre-
vent speculators from following the commission-
ers and bidding for these lands at the mere amount
of the tax. There are provisions that if the owner
himself does not appear in person at the sale, the
speculators and others shall not be permitted to
bid if off except at two thirds of the assessed value
of the lands. If they do not bid that amount, it
is struck off by the Government of the United
States, and being in the Government of the United
States it would have full power to do justice; or
if it should be struck off by anyone else, and the
money paidinto theTreasury of the United States,
then these persons might have their claim upon
the Government of the United States, if they iiad
a bona Jide lien and were bona fide loyal citizens of
the United States.
Mr. WILLEY. It is just, fo do that kind of
justice that I make the suggestion. I see no pro-
vision for it in the bill. In regard to the general
principle that a lien for taxes takes priority of all
other liens, that is correct under ordinary circum-
stances when the country is at peace; but here are
taxes imposed under extraordinary circumstances
and in an extraordinary manner. Merchants in
the loyal States, away from the insurrectionary
districts, in many instances, now have judgments,
liens upon these lands, and they are liable to these
honest creditors. They are the only source, es-
pecially in cases where the disloyal debtor has
fled from the country, remaining for the payment
of the debt. It seems to me it would be unjust
in this summary manner to divesj the title and
vest it in the United States regardless of the rights
of these foreign creditors who have these liens;
regardless of some provision to protect their in-
terests in this matter. Therefore, it seems to me,
there ought to be some regulation inserted in the
bill by which their interests should be protected,
and not leave it to what may result hereafter; not
leave it to the discretion of Congress hereafter,
but now, in the bill, secure those rights.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HARRIS. I am in favor of the main pro-
visions of this 1*11, but the eleventh section con-
tains some provisions in respect to which I dis-
agree with the Senator who framed the bill, and
I want to say this: I think 1 do not go too far
when I say that in the course of a day or two after
the next meeting of the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary a bill will be reported from that committee
which I introduced some two months ago, foror-
ganizingprovisional governments in these seceded
States. This eleventh section will bo, to a great
extent, in conflict with the provisions of that bill,
which, as I understand, the Committee 011 the Ju-
diciary are prepared to report after some details
are attended to. I do not desire to have this bill
passed containing the eleventh section. In my
judgment the provisions of that section are in ju-
dicious, and certainly they will be in conflict with
the provisions of the bill which will be reported
from the Committee on the" Judiciary. So far as
these commissioners are authorized to go on and
enforce the provisions of this bill relating to the
collection of taxes, I have no objection to it; but
it will be perceived that this eleventh section goes
much further. It provides that the board of com-
missioners " may from time to time make such
temporary rules for the order and government of
all persons residing within the said district as shall
be just and humane." In other words, it gives
them unrestricted legislative authority for these
districts. I do not know why the Senator from
Wisconsin thought fit to insert such a provision
in this bill. If he had restricted them to the fram-
ing of rules and regulations for the collection of
these taxes, I should have had no objection; but it
gives them unrestricted legislative power in these
districts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection, if
the Senate think proper, to the striking out of this
eleventh section. If a better provision than this
is to be made, it should be done. My friend,
however, is entirely mistaken in supposing that
the commissioners are to have unrestricted legis-
lative power. What they are to do is with the con-
sent of the commanding general of the district,
who, in fact, now has all the power there is in a
military district, and I supposed it was bringing a
little aid to the commanding general to take three
commissioners to advise him what to do 
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will strike it out, we will prepare something
better.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that in the present position of the bill,
it can only be done by unanimous consent. If
no objection be made, the eleventh section will
be stricken out. Does any Senator object to the
striking out of the eleventh section ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If no other act is to pass
Congress on the subject, I think this eleventh sec-
tion very important. It is not liable to the objec-
tion raised by the honorable Senator that it is
unrestricted, because it is only to be with the con-
sent of the commanding general, who now has
what we call a military power, which means a
power wilhoutany boundary but the judgment of
the general who exercises it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Wisconsin as ob-
jecting to the amendment. A single objection is
