1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
I think so far as the State of Illinois is concerned,
the location would be better at Springfield than at
Rock Island. I concur with what my colleague
says, and shall vote for this amendment for that
State; but on general grounds for the Northwest,
it would not be as convenient for Iowa and the
other States.
Mr.*"KENNEDY. I desire to vote understand-
ing^ on this question. If I am called upon simply
to vote for an arsenal, a mere place of deposit of
arms, my views may be different from what they
would be if I were called upon to vote for an arm-
ory for the manufacture of arms. As I under-
stand, an arsenal is a mere place of deposit, where
arms are brought together, whore no machinery is
employed. For instance, we had one in the State
of Maryland, where I am sore the whole cost of
the building did not exceed twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars at the outside; that would ac-
commodate a large amount of arms. The charge
of the arms there is a very delightful retiring place
for some wounded officer or gentleman on the re-
tired list, with some seven or eight or ten men
under him to keep the arms in order. That is
simply an arsenal, a place of deposit for arms.
But a place to repair arms or make arms, requir-
ing machinery, involves a different view. If you
begin to establish machinery for the repair of
arms, it is an endless thing; you will have to go on
almost ad infinitum, until you come to have an es-
tablishment where you may repair cannon, and
then you may be required to cast cannon, and it
may grow into an immense armory, such as we
had at Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, and now have
at Springfield, iti Massachusetts, that involves an
enormous expense; and I should like to under-
stand what I am voting for, whether it is simply
a place to keep guns under the charge of a few
men about a magazine built fire-proof in the woods,
or whether it is to be a place for the manufacture
and repair of arms winch may grow into an im-
mense and almost illimitable armory. I heard
gentlemen use the argument that these are suita-
ble places for machinery. I know that the arsenal
at Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, had no connection
with the armory and required no machinery, and
there were only three or four men employed there
to keep the arms free from dust.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senators from Illinois are,
of course, more capable of judging as to the point
that would be most convenient and accessible for
the location of an arsenal for the people of that
State than I should be; but if I had not heard the
expression of opinion they have already made, I
should say that Rock Island was the most con-
venient place to supply the people of that State,
taking into consideration the fact that there is al-
ready an arsenal at St. Louis, right on the border
of the State, within a mile of it, and another one
proposed to be established by this bill at Indian-
apolis, not more than sixty or seventy miles from
it. Rock Island would be infinitely the most ac-
cessible and convenient point. Rock Island is
about one hundred miles south of the north line
of the State, the north part of the State having
become the most populous in the last ten years,
much more populous than a coriesponding num-
ber of acres in the southern part. But whether
that be so or not—and I am willing to admit that
the Senators understand that better than I do—I
wish to remind the Senate that by placing it at
Springfield they place it in a more inaccessible po-
sition, so far as my State is concerned, than almost
any other place in Illinois. There is hardly any
position in that State which would not be more
accessible to us than Springfield. This particular
arsenal, I understand, is proposed to be located
for the benefit of the States on the upper Missis-
sippi. "VVe do not ask for an arsenal in Iowa.
We expect to be sufficiently benefited by the es-
tablishment of an arsenal on Rock Island, in the
State of Illinois. I think the people of the west-
ern portion of Wisconsin will be sufficiently con-
venienced by the establishment of one there, and a
very large portion of the State of Illinois. Right
across the Mississippi river, near St. Louis, is a
very large arsenal, where all the lower part of the
State of Illinois can secure their arms; but by the
change of location from Rock Island to Spring-
field it will necessitate either the establishment of
another, or else it will bereave those States on the
upper Mississippi entirely of ail the conveniences
they otherwise would have.
Mr. BROWNING. I understand the purpose
of the establishment of these arsenals at this time,
and the reason urged for it, is to afford facilities
for the repair of arms and the manufacture of am-
munition, for the benefit of the Army during this
rebellion. If they be so, we ought to put them
where they can get it.
Mr. GRIMES. That is one purpose.
The question bein^ taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messis. Browning, Dixon, Lane of Kansas,
Sauisbury, and Trumbull—
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile,Claik, CoIIamer, Cowan, Davis,
Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hairis,
Henderson, Tlowaid, IIowo, Kennedy, Km?, Lane of In-
diana, jYfornll, Nesinith, Pomeioy, Powell, Sheiman, Sim-
mons, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Wil-
ley, Wilson of Missouri, and Wiiglit— 32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and oidered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time.
Mr. CARLILE. I have been of opinion that
there ought to be an armory somewhere in the
West, and I would vote for the establishment of
one. This bill provides for three arsenals, and
appropriates $100,000 for the construction of one
at each of three different points. The passage of
this bill will result either in the establishment of
three armories in the same vicinity, or it will re-
sult in preventing the establishment of an aimory
at all, lSy the conflicting claims of these three dif-
ferent points. I shall, therefore, vote against the
bill, and upon its passage I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 31, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan,
Hauls, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmitli, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons,
Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, Wilson of MUsouii, and Wright—31.
NAYS—M^s^rs Hajaul, liiowning, Cinlilo, Davis, Ken-
nedy, King, Powell, and Saulsbuiy—8.
So the bill was passed.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. HALE. I offer a resolution; and I will
state that it is founded on some information which
has lately come to my possession:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Afiaiis be in-
sti ucted to mquueif thesupeiintendentof the Naval Acad-
emy, or any of the officers connected with the government
or injunction thetcof'.havcaliowed or countenanced m the
young men under their chaigc any manifestation or exhibi-
tion of leelings or sentiments hostile to the Government of
the United States, and whether any of the officers of said
academy have manifested any sentiments of a like char-
acter.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SMALL BANK NOTES VETO MESSAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
begs leave to submit a question to the Senate. The
Chair feels it incumbent to call to the considera-
tion of the Senate a bill which some days ago was
returned to the Senate, where it originated, by the
President, with his objections. Itfalis among the
class of privileged questions, and the return of the
bill with the objections of the President presents
it directly to the Senate for reconsideration; and
the direct question is, " Will the Senate pass the
bill, the objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding?"
Mr. SHERMAN. If a motion'to postpone is
in order, I will submit that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be post-
poned or disposed of as the Senate sees fit.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is not unusual, I move
to refer it to the Committee on Financewho have
charge of the subjcct. It is about small notes. I
move to postpone it until to-morrow, and I move
also to postpone all prior orders with a view to
take up the resolution in regard to fixing a quo-
rum. I think I can demonstrate the necessity
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was under the impres-
sion that a motion was made when the objections
of the President were read, referring the message
and the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought it was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my recollection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must appeal to the record for that, the present
occupant not having been in the chair when it was
brought up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it was laid on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
been informed that the motion then was to lay on
the table and print the message.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that and all
prior orders be postponed with a view to take up
the resolution in regard to a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone this bill and all prior
orders with a view to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution indicated by him. The latter part
of the motion is merely assigned as a reason for
the first part of the proposition. The question is
on postponing this bill and all prior orders with
a view to proceed to the consideration of the res-
olution indicated by him.
Mr. HOWE. Would ltbe in order to move to
proceed to the consideration of executive business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a sep-
arate motion. This one is now pending, and the
question ison the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM:.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to inquire if that reso-
lution is not still before the Judiciary Committee?
It has been referred to them, and I do not think the
committee have reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; it was reported
back.
The PRESIDENTp'o tempore. The resolution
is before the Senate, and will be read.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Chair to say that
the latter part of the motion was simply indicating
what the Senator would move, that the vote itself
did not take up the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state that it is usual in making these motions to
move to postpone the pending and all piior or-
ders—that is, all orders standing prior to the bill
that the Senator desires to bring to the considera-
tion of the Senate; and he generally assigns that
as a reason for the motion that the pendingand all
prior orders be postponed with a view to take up
a certain bill. It is unnecessary as part of the mo-
tion, for if all orders standing before a particular
bill are postponed, that comes up, of course, in
order upon the Calendar.
Mr. HALE. I move, then, to postpone this
also, for the purpose of taking up the Navy grade
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair was
calling for the reading of the resolution for inform-
ation, that the Senate may understand what is
before it.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That a majority of the Senatots duly elected and
entitled to seats in tins body is a constitutional quotum.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary on the 11th of April, and on the
23d of May it was reported back with the accom-
panying resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient at the present time to
take action on the question involved ui the resolution, and
the same is hereby indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report of
the committee is that the consideration of this res-
olution be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was no action on that
report. It was simply made as a recommendation;
but the circumstances are now different, and I
think the Judiciary Committee would agree with
me that it is now necessary to decide this question.
The condition of the Senate is such that 1 am sat-
isfied any casualty would prevent us doing busi-
ness under the present puictice. There are but
thirty-seven Senators, I am told. who are accessi-
ble; two or three are sick, several have gone away,
and others desire to go. Now, I think that if Sen-
ators will give their attention a little while, I can
satisfy them that it is not necessary, according to
the Constitution of the United States, to have more
here than a majority of those legally elected, to
constitute a quorum. That is the decision of the
House of Representatives on the same constitu-
tional point. I think that is clearly the trno solu-
tion of the Constitution. The Constitution re-
quires a majority to constitute a quorum, but does
not say a majority of what.
Mr. CLARK. A majority of each House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Another provision of the
Constitution declares that the number of members
of the House of Representatives shall be fixed in
