1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2061:
sufficient. The bill cannot be amended at this
stage except by unanimous conscnt.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I will move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time, with a view to get at it in that way.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now before the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I now move to strike out the
eleventh section of the bill in these words:
Sec. 11. And bcit farther enacted, That the said board of
commissioners, by and with the approval of the command-
ing gpnoxal in said district, may, from time to time, make
sucli temporniy rules for the Older and government of all
persons residing within the said district a>> s-hall be just
and humane, uulil the civil authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment shall be established and acknowledged as men-
tioned in the ninth sec tion, which said rule-* and regula-
tions shall be approved by the President, and be by bun
submitted to the next session of Congtcss for their revision
and modification.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SATJLSRURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 3* as follows:
YEAS—Mossi*. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Davis, Dixon, Dooliitle, Fe&scuden, Foot, Foster, Ilai lan,
Harris, Henderson, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Latham. McDougall, Morrill, Nesnnth, Pom-
eroy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Howaid, Powell, and Saulsbury—3.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOU*SE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 374) to secure
freedom to all persons within the Territories of
the United States, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 289) to
facilitate the dischargeof enlisted men for physical
disability, with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
125) to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, and to provide a bounty for sol-
diers in lieu of grants of the public lands, and
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon; and had appointed Mr. John
P. Potter, of Wisconsin, Mr. Cyrus Aldiucii,
of Minnesota, and Mr. Edwin H. Webster, of
Maryland, managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 125) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public domain,
and'to provide a bounty for soldiers in lieu of
grants of the public lands, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it-* amendments
disagreed to by the Ilou^o of Representatives, and agieeto
the conteience asked by the House on the dis>agieemg votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of confeiencc on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Harlan, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Wright.
"WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up for consideration the join resolution (H. ^
li. No. G8) authorizing the payment of certain ,
moneys heretofoie appropriated for the comple- J
tion of the Washington aqueduct.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. The act of Congress ap-
proved June 25,1860, having appropriated for the
completion of the Washington aqueduct £500,000,
to be expended according to the plans and esti-
mates of Captain Meigs and under his superin-
tendence; and while the work was in progress
and before it was completed,Captain Meigs hav-
ing been removed from such superintendence, and
certain parties having claims for work done and
materials furnished to and for the completion of
the aqueduct which have not been paid; the bill
authorizes the superintendentof the Washington
aqueduct to pay to Robert Mclntyre and others,
according to the amount of their respective claims,
for work done and materials furnished for the
Washington aqueduct, under the direction of Cap-
tain H. W. Benham and Lieutenant James St. C.
Morton such sum of money as may be necessary,
not to exceed $4,681 39 out of the sum of money
heretofore appropriated; but no sum or sums of
money are to be paid under this resolution except
such as shall be certified to be just and equitable
by General M. C. Meigs.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill, with an amendment in the ninth and tenth
lines, to strike out the words, " $4,681 39," and
to insert in lieu thereof the words, " $5,606 60."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
thiid time. It was read the third time and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to call up the resolution
of the House of Representatives, fixing a time for
the adjournment of Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution adopted
by the House of Representatives on the 10th of
April last:
Resolved, (the Senate concumng,) That the present ses-
sion of the Thirty-Seventh Confess be adjourned without
day on the third Monday of May next at twelve o'clock,
mendian.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the day
mentioned in the resolution, the third Monday
of May, and to insert " Monday, the 2d day of
June.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope, sir,
we shall not amend the resolution, and I am sorry
we have it up here. In my opinion we ought not
to think anything about an adjournment in the
present condition of the country. 1 am very sure
that we cannot adjourn at any such early day as
indicated by that amendment. I doubt very much
whether we can, by any possibility, adjourn be-
fore the latter part of June or the 1st of July; and
I think wo had better let this matter rest. We
have a great deal of important business that we
ought to do. We have this great measure of the
tax bill that must take days, if properly con-
sidered by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Weeks.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests that it
must take weeks. It is a very important measure
indeed. A vast amount of labor and thought has
been bestowed upon it by the committee, and by
mcmbeis of both Houses of Congress; and I do
not think we ought to attempt to hurry through
measures of such importance as that and some
others that are pending before Congress. Then
there are occurring daily in the country events
that may require us to remain longer than we may
desire to remain. 1 think our duty is to take care
of the country, and, as weare paid by the year, to
stay the whole year if it be necessary so to do. I
hope we shall not at this time, in the present con-
dition of business, fix any day for the adjourn-
ment of the Congress of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I design to move to lay
the resolution on the table, but I wish to say first
that I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts
in the opinion he has expressed that we cannot
with any propriety fix a day for adjournment at
the present time. The business before Congress
now is of such a character that it is impossible to
say when we shall be ready to adjourn. We might
ftnd ouiselves hampered on the subject when it
would be very desirable that we should not be
under any sort of restraint. The tax bill I hope
will not take weeks, as suggested by my friend
from Iowa. I think we may get through-it with-
out many days' discussion, after we once fairly
begin; but we shall undoubtedly make many alter-
ations in it, which will have to go back to the
House of Representatives to be acted upon there,
and result probably in settling the whole matter
by a committee of conference. Then it is well
known there is a tariff bill in the form of a tax
bill in some degree to be passed. There are other
measures, appropriation bills, which have not
been passed. The Army and Navy appropriation
bills for the next year have not been acted upon.
Then there is the confiscation bill, a matter of very
considerable consequence, which undoubtedly
may take some little time to act upon; and what
other measures we may have to consider we can-
not know at the present time. I am very strongly
of the belief that unless something should occur
to render our staying here longer than wc can now
anticipate, necessary, we can get through by the
middle or 20th of June. I do not see how we can
get finished before that time; and I say that only
with the understanding that the Senate will apply
itself and the House will apply itself to. the busi-
ness before the two bodies, and do that business
up. We cannot do it if we trifle with our time;
and I presume nobody is disposed to do that. I
move, unless some other gentleman wishes to
make remarks on the subject, that the resolution
lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend desires to
say anything, I will not make the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word, through the
courtesy of the Senator from Maine. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the day indicated will
give ample time for the transaction of all neces-
sary and proper business by Congress. I am
perfectly satisfied that there will be a great deal
too much legislation at this session. If the two
Houses had restricted their action simply to the
perfection of the tax bills and the passage of the
necessary appropriation bills, in my judgment
it would have been much the wisest system of
legislation that Congress could have adopted. I
think that it is imperatively the duty of Con-
gross, in the present state of the public feeling,
and in the present condition of the country, to pass
only such measures of legislation as are indispens-
ably necessary to the operations of the 'Govern-
ment. Now, sir, so far as relates to the subject
of raising supplies to carry on the Government,
and to conduct the war vigorously and success-
fully to a speedy termination; so far as relates to
measures that are necessary to sustain the credit
of the Government, to raise the ways and means
to enable the Government* to conduct this great
war to a speedy close, the whole country—that
is, the sound, Union portion of it—would concur
in the conclusion that such a course of legislation
was indispensably neccssary. But, sir, when
Congress leaves these legitimate and proper sub-
jects of legislation and enters upon a field of ex-
perimental legislation, most of which the larger
portion of the counliy,in my judgment, deems to
be wholly and flagitiously unconstitutional, it is
time, I think, to set a day for Congress to adjourn
that it may work up the necessary and indispens-
able business of legislation to its proper consum-
mation, and quit the capital and the halls of legis-
lation. It would have been infinitely better, ac-
cording to my humble opinion, if the two Houses
had met together and had ascertained what were
ind)spensable*subjects of legislation according to
the condition of the country, and bent their undi-
vided attention and effort to the passage of those
absolutely indispensable measures, and have left
every other subject of legislation for the future.
If that course had been adopted, we should have
restricted the continuance of the war months and
months; we should have saved to the country
thousands and tens of thousands of valuable lives;
and we should have saved to the people of the
United States and to the Treasury hundreds of
millions of expenditures. In my opinion, the
eouise of legislation in the present Congress in a
great degree has been eminently mischievous and
unwise. It is with a view to restrict as far as prac-
ticable the continuance of this most mischievous
system of legislation that I think the two Houses
of Congress ought to fix an early day for the ad-
journment of Congress, that they might have all
the necessary time to pass proper and legitimate
measures of legislation, but no time whatever to
devote to thatnnschievous line of legislation that is
producing so much dissatisfaction in the country.
I will make this remark, Mr. President, in re-
lation to my own State. There are no better Union
people within the pale of the Constitution in this
broad Confederacy than the Union people of the
State of Kentucky—none^There is not one voice
in a hundred, nor, I believe, in a thousand, in that
State but what is raised now in the sternest con-
demnation of much of the legislation of the pres-
