1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
think it was for the benefit of the service, being
thus deprived of the assistance of officers of the
regular Army to act as their aids-de-camp. The
consequence was, thatgeneral officers soughtgen-
tlemen of the highest character and capacity in
the forces under their command. In the division
which I had lately the honor to serve in, the di-
vision commandcr exercised such singular judg-
ment and discrimination in selecting his aids, that
he selected mycolleague, [Mr. McPherson,] who
most ably performed his functions. But the ob-
jection to detailing officers from other positions in
the Army to fill these staff places is, thatyouleave
their places vacant; and if they were useful offi-
cers there, their places must remain vacant, or,
perhaps, be incompetently supplied; whereas, by
leaving u wide ciicuit of choice, this bill permits
competent men in the rank and file of the Army,
(for they are not excluded,) or among the officers
of the Army, or outside of the Aimy, to be em-
ployed for this occasional service.
Now, sir, I do not think that any bill has come
before the House more strongly recommended by
authority than the one upon which we are now
about to act. The Senate has passed it. Our own
Military Committee have recommended it unan-
imously. Officers of the highest rank have testi-
fied their particular interest in it. j chanced to
meet this morning on the avenue a gentleman of
very high military character; not a division com-
mander, and having not the slightest interest in
this patronage, either as donor or recipient. I had
not met him before for some fourteen years, yet,
after the usual salutations, the first question he
asked me was, "Why will not your House pass
this bill, which is to add so much to the efficiency
of the Army?"
Now, sir, I believe that we shall incur very
heavy responsibility if we should decline to give
what is asked from us by persons representing the
sentiments of the Army, and representing its in-
teiests and efficiency. 1 am as sensitive as any
man to the objection of expense; but in the great
military enterprise in which we are engaged we
must discard that consideration sometimes, and
really this will be a very small addition to the im-
mense aggregate of our expenses in tins war, and
it is trilling compared with the efficiency which it is
believed that this measure will give to the Army.
I, for one, shall certainly vote for thebill with great
pleasure.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have had some
experience of the ingenuity displayed in this
House in making monstrosities out of small mat-
ters. I had some experience of it the other day,
when a gentleman saw a railroad a thousand miles
long m a very simple bill, and when I showed
conclusively to the House that the Administra-
tion who were suspected of designing to build that
road had nothing to do with the bill, then the bill
was defeated by a counter current from the other
side, that the Administration had not asked for it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man from Missouri permit me to suggest an
amendment, to which I think he will agiee?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot agree to
it, but I will hear what it is.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I propose to in-
sert after the words " brigade surgeon" in the
seventeenth line, the woids "or acting biigade
surgeon.,5 There is a large class of acting brigade
surgeons who have only commissions as regi-
mental surgeons, but are in fact brigade surgeons,
and I think that outof that numberthese appoint-
ments might as properly be made as from among
those who hold the position of brigade surgeons.
I hope they will be included.
The SPEAKER. There is one amendment,
already pending, and no further amendment is in
Older, except an amendment to that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish, in a few
words, to respond to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. McPiiersox-.] He hastwo classes
of objections to this bill, which are inconsistent
with one another. One is, that he is opposed to
detailing men from the service because their places
will have to be filled up, and the other is, because
the bill does not detail men from the service._ I
understand the gentleman so. He does not like
the idea of detailing men fiom the service. Assist-
ant inspectors general have aheady the rank ot
nirijor. The adjutants general have already the
rank of captains in the servicc, and are only to
be promoted to majorities. The quartermasters
and commissaries of subsistence are now already
in the Army, and will only be promoted one step
under this bill. The gentleman soys that if they
are detailed for this service somebody must sup-
ply their places. Now, sir, that is not the case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG, oflllmois. I hope the House
will allow me to offer the amendment which 1 have
indicated. Itcan be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the House will give
the gentleman from Missouri an opportunity of
explaining the bill. He has yielded most of his
hour to other gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have an
hour to close the debate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the amend-
ment which I have indicated.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to make a suggestion to
the gentleman, which I hope will induce him to
withdraw his amendment. If this bill is to pass
at all, for God sake let it pass to-day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. This is a just
and proper amendment, and I insist upon it, if the
House will allow me to offer it.
Mr.OLIN. Iobjecttoit. If you want to kill
the bill, you had better kill it here than send it
back to the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, I shall
vote against it.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. The only ob-
jection I have heard to this bill from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that seems to me to be
of any weight, is the fact that it increases theex-
penses of the Army.
It will be seen that these assistantadjutants gen-
eral, assistant inspectors general, surgeons, and
judges advocate are to be assigned to duty from
among the officers already in the service. This
will not, of course, increase the expenses, except
insomuch as these officers arc promoted from the
rank which they now hold. It does not follow
that the vacancies thus occasioned are necessarily
to be filled either by appointments by the Gov-
ernors of States or by the President.
Mr. McPHERSON. The construction of the
War Department is that these vacancies will be
filled. Whenever officers arc detailed from the
volunteer service, their positions are considered
as being vacated, and are accordingly and neces-
sarily filled.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I do not so un-
derstand it. I know that that has not been the
case in all in stanccs where the adjutant has been as-
signed to other duties. I have in my mind now one
regiment from my State where its adjutant is first
lieutenant in a battery assigned to duty, and the
vacancy has not been filled, and will not be filled,
by the Governor.
Mr. MePHERSON. The practice differs else-
where. 1 conversed the other day with a gen-
eral of one of our divisions, whose opinion I
asked on that very point, and I learned from him
that in every case where a regimental quarter-
master or adjutant vacated his place in his divis-
ion, the vacancy has been filled.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missoiui. I desire to state that
what the gentleman ftom Pennsylvania has said
in reference to regimental quartermasters and ad-
jutant* is true. It is provided by law that persons
detailed to those positions shall have the rank of
lieutenant. They arc considered as additions to
the regimental officers, and their places are sup-
plied." That is the law. But, so far as this bill
is concerned, there is no law lor filling the places
of officers to be selected for stuff appointments;
and there is no power to do it, as they do not
vacate their places. On that subject the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania is entirely incorrect.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ascertain what the
particular duties of a division quartermaster would
be. I suppose there are regimental quartermas-
ters and brigade quartermasters; and then the
point is, what arc the duties of a division quarter-
master 5
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
irentleman from Illinois one instance of the duty
of a division quartermaster. If a division of the
Army is preparing to move, it is the duty of_the
quartermaster to provide for the transportation,
if one of the brigade quartermasters were to act
as division quartermaster, he would be very likely
to take particular care of his own_brigade,and not
to provide fairly for the other brigades. The di-
vision quartermaster would be the person in charge
of the entire transportation of the division-. He.
would be bound to know, from his position, what
amount of transportation each brigade would re-
quire, and would divide the transportation accord-
ingly. As a matter of course, the division quar-*
tcrmaster has other duties to perform; but this Is
one illustration of his duty. He would have the
general superintendence of all the quartermasters-
subordinate to him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman whether
the duties which are described as belo/igingto the
division quartermaster are not now, by law, de-
volved on the senior brigade quartermaster? *
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know
whether they would devolve on the senior brigade
quartermaster; but it seems to mc that it would
be a very ungenerous thing to require a man to
perform the duties of a quartermaster of division
while he was to receive only the pay of a quar-
termaster of brigade.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. It may be,
Mr. Speaker, that the vacancies made by assign-
ment of officers to other positions, are required to
be filled; but I know that such requirement has
not been, in every case, complied with, even in
the case of officers in the volunteer service. The
gentleman from Missouri says that the law is,
that where the assignment is made of officers from
the regular Army, the vacancies are not filled.
Even this law provides that any officer of the reg-
ular Army, assigned and transferred to staff duty,
shall, on the cessation of such service, resume
their positions in the regular Army, with the same
rank and promotion as if he had continued to
serve in the same corps. Consequently, if that
vacancy had been filled on the assignment of the
officer to other duty ho could not have returned
to his position.
Now, it seems to me that the staff which this
bill provides for a commander of division is a
small one. When you take into consideration the
fact that a division consists of from eight to six-
teen thousand men, the requirements of the officer
in command of that division, doing his duty as it
should be done, demand that he shall, at least,
have the assistance of as many staff officers as are
provided for in this bill. All these officers, with
the exception of the aids, are to be appointed from
those already in the service. The aids, it seems,
arc to be appointed by the President, on the rec-
ommendation of the division general, from any
class or condition in life. It seems to me that it
,is eminently fit that a division general should
have the privilege of selecting his aids from men
outside of the Army who may be better compe-
tent to discharge the duties required of them, than
any in the Army. He may, for instance, desire
some foreign officer to serve on his staff—some
officer who has seen service abroad, and who is
not attached to the regular Army or volunteers.
It seems to me that, in that respect, the bill is as
it should be; and that these division generals
should have the privilege of selecting their aids
wherever they may find them.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The objection to
the amendment which 1 offered is now, I under-
stand, withdrawn, and I desire to offer it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to the gentleman offering his amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following amendment:
In line seventeen, after the woids " brigade surgeons,"
in«eu the woids " ot acting biigade suigcons."
There being no objection, the amendment was
received.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I confess to
the House in the beginning that 1 know nothing
in regard to military matters. I have been always
content to leave these to military men, to adopt
their suggestions, to vote them the means neces-
sary to carry on the war, and to hold them re-
sponsible for the use of those means. I should not
trouble the House now with a single suggestion,
were it not for the fact that a constituent of mine
has been lepeatedly alluded to by gentlemen on
the floor—I mean General Burnsido. He asks that
additional aids be given him. It seems to me that
if he asks it he needs it. } say this from a knowl-
edge of his character. Certainly that gentleman
has reilectcd no discredit, on the Government since
he has been m service.
1 rose principally to make a suggestion in reply
to one made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
