1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
cannot enforce your laws, for there are no judicial
tribunals with power to do it. No laws can be
enforced except by the power of the military arm.
"Laws are silent amidst arms." But it is the mis-
sion of arms to recreate a state of things when laws
maybe vindicated by judicial process. Civil so-
ciety must be recreated. The work has been begun.
A post office has been established, and soon the
school and the court-house and the church shall
follow. The same principle applies, and the same
governmental action must be taken, whether the
tract is fourteen miles square or whether it covers
the whole State of South Carolina; and as our
Army shall successfully advance, and the rebel-
lion shall be overcome, civil society will be again
constructed;conventions will be held;Legislatures
will come together; the people will demand re-
union; and then in South Carolina shall be that
reconstruction without the presence of a slave;
then, Mr. Speaker, over the magnificent regions
of the Palmetto State the star-spangled banner
" Shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
It may be, as has been intimated, and intimated
in high quarters, that in the march of events the
" rattlesnake" will be suppressed. What of it?
Suppose it should be that, in the order of God's
providence, the territory now composing that
State shall be divided and belong to the surround-
ing States; the object of the war will still be ac-
complished, the peace of the country will be re-
stored, treason will be put down, rebellion will be
overcome, and the rightful authority of the laws
and the Constitution will be maintained. In the
mean time, certain questions have arisen about
which some action must be had, and about which
the military power must be exercised. Not only
have houses been deserted, not only have the
places of business been abandoned, notonlyhave
the white men fled, leaving our troops in posses-
sion, but they have left their lands at the time of
the ingathering of the crops; they have left their
cotton fields white unto the harvest; the harvest
is plenty and the laborers arc not few. What is
to be done? I say the laborers are not few. There
they stand with arms strctched out to us, yearn-
ing to help us, abandoned men, contrabands here-
tofore, deodands now, asking to be employed in
peaceful pursuits, anxious for service and ready
to receive the hire which labor may always right-
fully demand. What are you to do with them?
I say, let your military commandant organize his
bureau of agriculture; let the black hands gather
in the whito'staple; the shackles have fallen from
their limbs; and as they work for the Govern-
ment, and in their employ, it does not need that
I should say to you that thenceforth and forever-
more they become free men. The resolutions
under discussion do not consider at all what the
condition of these men shall be or where shall he
their future homes. Unto the day sufficient is the
work thereof. Let us do the work that the Lord
puts before us with all our minds and all our
strength, and when that shall be accomplished,
the way will open itself for what He has in store
for us afterwards to do. It is said, however, that
we ought to do something and say something and
determine something about their status; and it
may, perhaps, be right and true; and, sir, for all
that, 1 desire to say that I like right well the opin-
ions which have been expressed in a paper which
has not been exactly officially reported to us, but
which contains good law, good patriotism, good
statesmanship, and right strong common sense.
I read from that paper:
" It has become a giave question for determination what
shall be done with the slaves abandoned by their owners
on the advance of our troops into southern terntory, as m
the Beauloit district of South Carolina. The whole whitf
population therein is six thousand, while the number ot
liegioes exceeds thntv-tvvo thousand. The panic which
drove then mastei-? in wild confusion fiom their homes,
leaves ih<>m in undisputed possession oi the soil. Shall they,
armed by their majors., be placed m the field to light against
us,or shall their labor be continually employed in repiodu-
oing the means for supporting the anmes of rebellion ?
"The wai into which this Government lias been forced
by rebellious uaitors is earned on for the purpo>e of iepos-
sussing the pi opeity violently and tieacheiously seized upon
by the enemies ot the Government, and to reestablish the
authority and laws of the United States in the places where
it is opposed or ovorthiown by aimed insurrection and le-
bellion. Its puipose is to tecover and defend what is justly
its own.
" War, even between independent nations, is made to
subdue the enemy, and all that belongs to that enemy, by
occupying the hostile countiy, and exercising dominion
over all the men and things within its terrttoiy. This being
true in respect to independent nations at war with each
other, it follows that rebels who are laboring by force of
arms to overthrow a Government, justly bring upon them-
selves ail the consequences of war, and provoke the de-
struction merited by the worst of crimes. That Govern-
ment would be false to national trust, and would justly
excite the ridicule of the civilized world, that would abstain
from the use of any efficient means to preserve its own
existence, or to overcome a rebellious and tiaitorous enemy,
by sparing or protecting the propeity of those who are
waging war against it.
"The principal wealth and power of the rebel States is
a peculiar species of property, consisting of the service or
labor of African slaves, or the descendants of Africans.
This property has been variously estimated at the value of
from seven hundred million to one thousand million dollars.
" Whythould this piopmy be exempt from the hazards
and consequences of a rebellious war ?
" It was the boast of the leader of the rebellion, while he
yet had a seat in the Senate of the United States, that the
southern States would be comparatively safe and free from
the burdens of war, if it should be brought on by the con-
templated rebellion, and that boast was accompanied by
the savage threat that4 northern towns and cities would
become the victims of rapine and military spoil,' and that
'northern men should smell southern gunpowder and feel
southern steel.' No one doubts the disposition of the
rebels to cariy that threat into execution. The wealth of
northern towns and cities, the produce of northern farm®,
northern woikshops and manufactories would certainly be
seized, destroyed, or appropriated as military spoil. No
property in the North would be spared from the hands of
the rebels, and their rapine would be defended under the
laws of war. While the lo>al States thus have all their
piopertv and possessions at stake, are the insurgent lebels
to carry on warfare against the Government in peace and
security to their own piopertv?
'* lleason and justice and self-preservation forbid that
such should be the policy of this Government, but demand,
on the contrary, that, being foiced by traitors and rebels to
the extremity of war, all the rights and powers of war
should be exercised to bring it to a speedy end.
4'Those who war against the Government justly forfeit
all rights of property, privilege, or security, derived from
the Constitution and" laws, against which they are in aimed
rebellion ; and as the laboi and service of their slaves con-
stitute1 the chief propeity of the rebels, such property should
share the common fate of war to which they have devoted
the propeity of loyal citizens.
'• While it is plain that the slave property of the South is
justly subjected to all the consequences of this rebellious
war. and that the Government would be untrue to ltstru^t
m not employing all the lights and poweis of war to bting
it to a speedy c!os,e, the detail" of the plan fordoing so, like
all other military measures, must, m a great degree, be left
to be deteiinined by particular exigencies. The disposition
of other piopertv belonging to the lebels that becomes sub-
ject to our aims is governed by the circumstances of the
case. The Government has no power to hold slaves, none
to restrain a slave ol his liberty, or to exact his service. It
has a right, however, to use the voluntary service of slaves
liberated by warfiom their rebel masters, like any other
property of the rebels, in whatever mode may be most eth-
cient for the defense of the Government, tlic piosccution of
the war, and the suppression of lebelhon. It is eieailv a
right of the Government to arm slaves when it may become
necessary as it is to take gunpowder fiom the enemy.
Whether it is expedient to do so is purely a militaiy ques-
tion. The right is unquestionable by the laws of war. The
expediency must be deteimtncd by cncumstanccs, keeping
m view the gieat object of overcoming the rebel-*, reestab-
lishing the laws, ami restoung peace to the nation.
'*It is vain and idle for the Government to cariy on this
war, or hope to maintain its existence against rebellious
force, without employing all the rights and powers of war.
As has been said, the right to depiive the rebels of their
pioperty in slaves .and slave labor is as clear and abso-
lute as the right to take foiagc fiom the field, oi cotton liom
the warehouse, or powder and nuns fiom the magazine. To
leave the enemy in the possession of such propeity as for-
age and cotton and mihtaiy stotes, and the means of con-
stantly repiodueing them, would be madness. It i^, tiieie-
fore, equal madness to leave them in peaceful and secure
possession of slave property, more valuable and efficient to
them for war than forage, cotton, and military stores. Such
pohey would be national suicide. What to do with that
species of property is a question that time and circumstances
will solve, and need not be anticipated fuitiier than to re-
peat thatthey cannot be held by the Government as slaves.
It would be useless to keep them as prisoneis of war; and
self-preservation, the highest duty of a Government, oi of
individuals,demands thatthey should be disposed of or em-
ployed in the most effecm e manner that will tend most
speedily to suppress the msuriectionand rcstoic the author-
ity of the Government. It it shall be found that the men
who have been held by the rebels as slaves are capable of
bearing aims and peifornung etiicient military service, it is
the right, and may become the duty, of this Governments
aim and equip them, and employ their services against the
rebels, under proper militaiy Regulation, discipline, and
command.
" Rut in whatever manner they may be used by the Gov-
ernment, it is plain that, once hbciatt'd by the lebelhousact
of then masteis, they should never again be rostoied to
bondage. IJy the masters treason and rebellion he foiteits
all right to the labor and service of his slave; and the slave
of the rebellious master, bvhis seivice to the Government,
becomes justly entitled to freedom and protection.
'* The disposition to be made of the slaves of rebels, after
the close of the wai, can be safelv ielt to the wisdom and
patriotism o< Congress. The repiesentam es of the people
will unquestionably secure to the loyal slaveholder eveiy
light to which they aie entitled under the Constitution of
the countiy."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will thegentleman favor
me with the authority from which he has been
reading?
Mr. ELIOT. I read from a report which I find
published in the papers as having come from the
city of Washington, and as being a report which
was originally proposed to be submitted to the
country though this House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Whose report, and what
report?
Mr. ELIOT. Simon Cameron's, who has done
so much within the last three months to raise his
name high amon^ men, as a lover of freedom, as
a maintainor of right, as a foe to rebellion, and as
one determined to put down treason.
Now, sir,.these statements not only apply to
this first resolution but they will be founu appli-
cable to all the others, and not only to them, but
to every proposition, whether for confiscation or
otherwise, that can be introduced into the House
upon this general subject.
The first branch of the second resolution dis-
claims the right to interfere by ordinary legislation
with the institutions of the several States. Well,
sir, that is a declaration which we have often made.
I do not know that it is needful to make it here.
The loyal men throughout the States do not
want it. The disloyal men ought not to have it.
The Republican party said it in 1856, and said
it in 1860. We have announced it in Congress
before now. It does not interfere at all witir any
legislation that we may enact on the subject of
confiscating the property of rebels. It does not
interfere at all with any extraordinary legislation
which the emergencies of the rebellion may neces-
sitate. Slavery is called an institution. It is more
properly a domestic relation, sanctioned by local
law. It is a relation created by law. It is a re-
lation between persons, between black persons
and white. It seeks to subject the service and
labor of the black man to the ownership of a mas-
ter. So all our property is held under the sanc-
tions of law, either statute or common. Under its
protection, our houses and lands and stocks, our
property, corporeal and incorporeal, and rights of
action, are all so held.
We should not attempt to interfere with this
property in the States by ordinary legislation. It
would be against the whole theory of our Con-
stitution and laws to do so. Yet who would hes-
itate to pass a law confiscating the property of
rebels wherever it may be found—real estate, per-
sonal estate, stock, horses, lands, and all? Who
would hesitate, under the Constitution, to advo-
cate and support a law for that ? Just so we may
pass a law confiscating, or in that sense emanci-
pating (for the Government cannot buy or sell)
that species of property, held by the rebels. It
does not affect institutions; it affects property. It
affects the property of persons under institutions,
the benefit of whose provisions their own treason
has forfeited, and whose protection they cannot
claim.
Nevertheless, (he resolution sets foith that the
war is to be carried on according to military usage,
and according to the laws of war. Is not that so ?
And is it not about time that Congress said so?
I apprehend there is no elementary writer who has
denied the proposition that, in time of war, " the
safety of the people is the highest law." But is it
only true in time of war? Is it not equally true in
time of peace? In all emergencies, when the safety
of the people is endangered, that safety must be
secured. It rests on the same ground as the law
of self-defense. The life of the State must be pre-
served.
Mr. Speaker, this maxim seems to have been
strangely overlooked. Any one who had kept an
eye on the state of things going on around us for
some months past, in Missouri, in Maryland,in
Western Virginia, up and down the Potomac,
would believe that the maxim was, in some way,
strangely forgotten. If we are not successful in
this contest with rebellion, it must be because of
our intense magnanimity. We have been carry-
ing on this war on very tender principles. We
catch a spy within our lines, who has come there
for the purpose of obtaining information to our
great injury, and we—swear him and let him go.
I pray you, why was not Mr. Winans shot? Did
he not violate the laws of war? Was he not within
our lines? Was he not doing what he could to
support the enemy, and to weaken us? Was he
not doing all in his power to strike down thib Gov-
ernment in his own home ? It could not be done.
It was not time. There had not yet been men
enough shot in battle. There had not been enough
