1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
[Mr. McPherson,] with reference to the source
from which these aids shall be taken—whether
from the Army or from civil life. General Burn-
side has already selected two of his aids from men
who served under him as privates in the three
months' regiment which ho commanded—men
who distinguished themselves while they were
serving under him. It seems to me that so far as
this officer is concerned, the selection of his aids
may be safely trusted to him. I do not thiqkthat
any injustice will be done to the Government by
him or by any other officer in selecting their aids.
Noamendment need be made to the bill on that
point. For one, I am willing to vote these mili-
tary men almost anything they ask, if they will
only put down this rebellion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I now call the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. BLAlIt, of Missouri. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. DIVEN. I want to make a single remark.
Since the introduction of this bill, I have exam-
ined, to some extent, the organization of the Eu-
ropean aimies as they appear from the French
Military Almanac—I believe that is the designa-
tion—and the British Army List, and I find that
officers having commands corresponding with the
commands of our division generals have uniformly
much larger staffs than is given to any division
general of our Army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McPiierson] indicated his
desire to offer an amendment to this bill. I cer-
tainly will afford him the opportunity of offering
that amendment, and I shall interpose no obstacle
to any other amendment being offered by any
other gentleman. What I desire is to terminate
the debate on this bill, for I think the House
has become tolerably well informed as to the
provisions of the bill, and arc prepared to vote
upon it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania insisted in
one instance that the officers of the Army should
not be detailed to service on the staffs of division
commanders, and in another he objected to civil-
ians being appointed to those positions. I under-
stand that his amendment is to apply to the re-
moval of the Litter objection. He desires to confine
the selection to the officers in the regular andVol-
unteer service. Well, sir, from the encomium he
has passed upon the privates, I would rather he
would have extended it to all engaged in the reg-
ular and volunteer service. We have a large
army, an army which has been raised in an un-
precedented short time, from a people who are
not addicted to military affairs. There is no other
nation on earth that ever levied such an army in
so brief a period of time; no other civilized na-
tion on earth which had not a larger nucleus of an
army than this nation had. But now we have the
objection raised that there will be an additional
expense incurred if we, in our efforts to improve
the organization which has existed up to this time
in our army, add some officers to the number
heretofore authorized for that purpose.
Now, sir, I believe our Army would bo the most
invincible on earth if they had the requisite dis-
cipline. The stuff officers of the Army have been
wt-11 described as to the Army what the Senses are
to the natural person. They are the hands, the
feet, the eyes of the Army. They arc to make
provision to enable the Army to move; they sup-
ply and perform those functions without which
your Army, no matter what may be its numbers,
no matter how brave may he the hiavery of the
men composing it, would be almost useless.
And I cannotconjecture upon whatgroundsgen-
tlemen base their objections which have been mode
hero to-day. Now, the fact is, that the major gen-
erals commanding m our Army are entitled,under
existing law, to three aids-dc-camp, with the rank
of captain, who arc to be selected, as the gentleman
has said, from the officers of the regular or vol-
unteer forces. The other staff officers which are
assigned to these division commanders, are de-
tailed from the staff corps of the Army. The ad-
jutant of a l^gimrnt is the only adjutant known
to our volunteei army. All the adjutants general
are designated to pei form the duties of adjutant
for brigades or divisions from the staff corps, which
has been organized, and belongs to the regular
Army of the United States. There are in that corps,
as a matter of course, higher officers, but those
occupyingtheposition of brigadiers orcolonelsare
detailed for service in the War Department, or are
assigned to the staff of the general commanding
the Army.
Now, this bill simply gives to those officers who
perform the duties of adjutant general for a divis-
ion of the Army a rank commensurate with their
responsibility and the labor they perform. It is
proposed by this bill to advance them one step in
grade temporarily during their assignment to the
staff of a general commanding a division. The
same thing is true in reference to quartermasters
and commissaries of subsistence included in the
amendment I have offered to the bill; and let me
say that one reason which induced the Committee
on Military Affairs to dircct the amendment to be
offered, was the fact that it was considered by
Quartermaster General Meigs as vital to the effi-
ciency of the service.
Now, sir, I do notknow what may be the views
of the House upon this subject; but I am well sat-
isfied that there is nothing in the objection offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I think it
is a pity that he indicated his hostility to this
measure the other day, and has since employed
his time in supporting the position he then took,
which he has done with a great deal of ingenuity,
I will admit. I now move the previous question
upon the pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment submitted from the Committee
on Military Affairs was agreed to.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he will accomplish his purpose as well
by voting against the bill on its passage. He is
only multiplying votes.
Mr. McPHERSON. Not at all. If this mo-
tion is carried, there will be but one vote. I call
for the yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Meatus. Ancona, Babbitt, Joseph Haily, Baker,
Samuel Bl.ui, Campbell, (Jhambciliu, Ciatk, Clements,
Roseoe Conkhng, Cutler, Davis, Dunlap, Edwards, Fe«.sen-
don, Frank, Hate, llutehms, Julian, Kellrv, Killinger,
Lazear, Loomus, MePherson, Mooihead, Patton, Pike,
I*oitor, Haigent, Shank-*, £hel!abaigor, Sherman, Shiel,
Stevoiw, Veuve, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Wiek-
li(le. Wilson, Wmdoni, and Woicestei—4-2.
NAYj?—Messrs. Aldueh, Ashley, Haxter, Beaman, Bid-
die, Bingham, Fianei< P. Blan, Jacob B. Blair, Blake,
William G. Brown, Bn (Union, Calvert, Cobb, Col tax, Corn-
ing, Cox, CiWield, Ciittemlen, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton,
Fisher, Goodwin, Giancoi, Gitdei, Gmloy, Ilaight, Hall,
Ilairison, llorton, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lcaiy, Leh-
man, Lovejoy, McKnight, Mallory, Menzics, An&on P.
Monill, Moms, Nixon, Noble, Norton,Odell, Olin, Pendle-
ton, Pen y, Timothy G Phelps, Pomcroy, Price, John II.
Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Robinson, Sheffield, John B.
Steele, Benjamin P. Thomas, Fiance Thomas, Trowbridge,
Van Valkenbuigh, Voorhcos, Wall. Chailes W. Walton,
Whaley, Albert S. White, and Wright—06.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING stated that ho had
paired with Mr. Webstkr, who was detained
from the House by sickness.
Mr. McPHERSON. I now move to amend
the bill by inserting in the twelfth line, as follows:
To be selected by their respective generals from privates,
iion-commis?ioned oflieers, and officers; of the Army or vol-
unteei corps.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Tim latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, announcing the
passage by the Senate of a joint lesolution (No.
01) tendering the thanks of Congress to Captain
Louis M. Goldsborough and the officers, petty
offieeis, seamen, and marines under his command
for the victory at Roanoke island; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the Senate
insist on their amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill of the House (No. 208) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 18G3, and making additional ap-
propriations for the year ending June 30, 1862;
disagreed to the amendment of the House to their
thirty-fifth amendment to the said bill; ask a con-
ference with the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon; and have appointed
Mr. Fessenpen, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Mc-
Dougall the managers at the said conference on
the part of the Senate.
Mr, STEVENS. I ask that the conference may
be agreed to on the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Buffinton, and Mr. Dunn as the
managers of the House at the said conference.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the consent of the
House to have taken up and read a message from
the President of the United States, which is lying
upon the Speaker's table.
There being no objection, the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States was
taken up and read:
Felloiv-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
I recommend the adoption of a joint resolution
by your honorable bodies, which shall be sub-
stantially as follows:
Resolved, That the United State? ought to cooperate with
any State which may adopt giadnal abolishment of sla-
veiy. giving to such State pecuniary aid, to be u^ed by
such State m its discretion, to compensate for the incon-
veniences, public and private, produced by such change of
system.
If the proposition contained in the resolution
does not meet the approval of Congress and the
country, there is the end; but if it does command
such approval, I deem it of importance that the
States and people immediately interested should
be at once distinctly notified of the fact, so that
they may begin to consider whether to acccpt or
reject it. The Federal Government would find
its highest interest in such a measure, as one of
the most efficient means of self-preservation. The
leaders of the existing insurrection entertain the
hope that this Government will ultimately be forced
to acknowledge the independence of some part of
the disaffected region, and that all the slave States
north of such part will then say, " the Union for
which we have struggled being already gone, we
now choose to go with the southern section." To
deprive them of this hope, substantially ends the
rebellion; and the initiation of emancipation com-
pletely deprives them of it as to all the States in-
itiating it. The point is not that all the States
tolerating slavery would very soon, if at all, in-
itiate emancipation, but that, while the offer is
equally made to all, the more northern shall, by
such initiation, make it certain to the more south-
ern that in no event will the former ever join the
latter in their proposed confederacy. I say "in-
itiation," bccause, in my judgment, gradual, and
not sudden emancipation, is better for all. In the
mere financial or pecuniary view, any member of
Congress, with the census tables and Treasury
reports before him, can readily see for himself
how very soon the current expenditures of this
war would purchase, at fair valuation, all the
slaves in any named State. Such a proposition on
the part of the General Government sets up no
claim of a right by Federal authority to interfere
with slavery within State limits, referring, as it
does, the absolute control of the subject in each
ease to the State and its people immediately inter-
ested. It is proposed as a matter of perfectly free
choice with them.
In the annual message last December, I thought
fit to say, "the Union must be preserved; and
hence all indispensable means must be employed."
I said this not hastily, but deliberately. War has
been made, and continues to be an indispensable
means to this end. A practical ^acknowledg-
ment of the national authority would render tiie
war unnecessary, and it would at once cease. If,
however, resistance continues, the war must also
continue; and it is impossible to foresee all the
incidents which may attend, and all the ruin which
