80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
of our brothers and friends destroyed. The time
had not come. Gently. Festina lente. Make
haste slowly. And so Mr. Winans stands now.
Loyal? Let those say who know.
Mr. Speaker, some time ago we had a procla-
mation issued in Western Missouri. There was
hardly aman whose heart, if it was loyal, did not
leap with joy to read it. It was a blow struck
in the right direction, by the right man, at the
right time, under the right circumstances, as I re-
spectfully and humbly aver. It was modified. I
was sorry for that. I had no doubt then, I have
no doubt now, that it was modified-for reasons
that seemed to be entirely conclusive, and that
were entirely conclusive, in the mind of the Chief
Magistrate—the Commander-in-Chief. I am not
afraid to say that I was sorry for it; andl believe
the time has come when there, in Missouri, the
sad effects of that modification have been felt. I
have reason to think that the proclamation pro-
duced a feeling of entire content in that State.
Nevertheless, 1 am not so well qualified to speak
on that matter as are other gentlemen in this
House.
Besides the proclamation of General Fremont,
we have had, on the other side, one from General
McDowell, in May last, which forbade the en-
trance of fugitives within our lines. Has that
been repealed? I do not know that it has been.
I never heard of its being repealed. General Hal-
lcck's order, if not interpreted as, by the kind-
ness of his and our friend from Missouri, {Mr.
Blair,] it has been interpreted, would. I under-
take to say, convert into enemies men who are
wanting to be our friends. Here, on the upper
Potomac,and on the lower Potomac, and in Ken-
tucky, .different policies have prevailed, and dif-
ferent orders have been issued. I do not believe
that a man exists who could at this moment tell
us what the policy of the Government or of the
Army is—I mean the general policy. Of course
there must be military discretion. Of course the
officer in command must, for the time being, de-
termine what is to be done. It seems to me, how-
ever, that the time has arrivedvvhen some definite
policy ought to be adopted. We have had fugi-
tives sent back by officers, thus converting those
who are fi&hting our battles, into slave catchers.
Now, what wo want to ascertain is, what is the
highest safety, and ^ha-t does that demand? for
that is the law. I think, from the tenor of part of
the President's message, that he cxpects us to
legislate on this question; for he says, referring
to the action that has been had before one Con-
gress, that if laws are passed on the same general
subject they should receive his candid considera-
tion. Hcsays in this sameconnection, that what-
ever is neccssary to put down this rebellion should
be pursued. The Union, he says, must be pre-
served, and all disposable means must be resorted
to. I apprehend that it is expected by the Chief
Magistrate that Congress will indicate its judg-
ment as to the line of policy to be pursued. Sir,
it is the greatest folly for us to refuse to deliber-
ate, to refuse to discuss, to refuse to decide ques-
tions of this kind. General Halleck, in the order
which was read here yesterday, says, good law-
yer as he is, that he is waiting for the action of
Congiess. " Military officers do not make laws,
but they should obey and execute them when
made." It is for the military to execute the law.
It is for Congress to say what is to be done. I
think General Halleck underrates entirely his
own power in the field. I am inclined to think
he could not hesitate for a moment if he had
allowed the lawyer as well as the general to de-
termine the question upon which he was acting.
But if he wants the direction of Congress let him
have it. The passage of this resolution will indi-
cate to-him what we believe may fairly and right-
fully be done by the generals who are over our
armies in the field.
I do not desire to initiate anything that is un-
reasonable or extreme. Indeed, Mr. Speaker,
talking about extreme measures, when we look at
the conduct of the rebels during the eight months
past, when we see what has been done by them
unrebuked upon the field of battle, I should like
to ask if it is easy to imagine any measures that
we could recommend that would not be mild,
gentle, and lamb-like m contrast with the example
that treason has set to loyalty? Why, sir, what
upon earlh that is cruel and inhuman have they
not doner What have they left undone? When
in the history of warfare, civil or savage, ancient
or modern, have acts been done the like of which
we have witnessed on our battle-fields? Ambu-
lances fired into; hospitals on the field where the
wounded have been placed for safety and for pro-
tection—hospitals on the field, that ought to be
sacred—shot into, with purpose and by intent, not
by accident, but by design. Wounded men, laid
upon the field where their surgeons could take care
of thejn, shotand slaughtered there. If possible,
worse than that, the stars and stripes, emblems
of loyalty, of Union and of good government,
made to fly and to float over rebel traitorous com-
panies of men in the face and eyes of Union sol-
diers, in order that Union men might be drawn
from their friends,entrapped, and meanly slaugh-
tered by men everyone of whom had forfeited his
life under the laws of the land. Are such things
to be justified because it is war? So it is war—
civil war, (he worst of all kinds of war; and yet
there are rules that civilized nations recognize
even in a state of war. Such has been the conduct
of the traitors in arms.
I admit that there arc some points in which it
seems to me wc upon our side have somewhat
erred. Mr. Speaker, I trust the time will never
come when it will be for us as men, for us as a
loyal people, to advocate the law of retaliation,
so far as life is concerned. I think there have
been errors made on our part in reference to ex-
change of prisoners. That, however, is being
corrected. I had prepared myself to submit to
the House some views upon this question, though
not precisely pertinent to the resolution under
consideration. I beheve that the rebels, by an
exchange of prisoners, are not at all recognized.
No rights are admitted; no right of secession is
conceded; no right, but simply this fact, that they,
being rebels, being traitors, deserving a traitor's
doom, are nevertheless in a state of civil war
against their Government. We can hang one rebel
or shoot him; but when it comes to hanging or
shooting five hundred thousand of them, I do not
suppose any of us would feel that that is u work
upon which we can or ought to enter. I repeat
that the exchange of prisoners docs not involve
the surrender of any right. It simply recognizes
the rebels as in a state of war against their Gov-
ernment.
I find in the authorities who have treated upon
this subject more than a century ago the doc-
trine squarely and plainly laid down that a Gov-
ernment, where its own subjects have rebelled
against it; where they are strong enough to main-
tain an army; strong enough to appear to sustain
themselves, may treat them so far as belligerents
as that prisoners captured in battle may be ex-
changed. Therefore it was that I was glad, the
other day, to see a resolution introduced into the
House upon this subject. The time has come, it
seems to me, when those whom we have taken
in battle should be exchanged for those of our
Army whom they have taken in fight. But, sir,
that doctrine docs'not at all affect the doctrines laid
down in these resolutions.
I come now to the third resolution of the series,
which declares the right, the military right, of
emancipation. In the language of the resolution,
we declare that " in our judgment, the President
of the United States, as Commander-in-Chief, and
the officers in command under him, have the right
to emancipate all persons held as slaves by rebels
in any military district in a state of insurrection
against the national Government."
The second branch of the resolution declares
the expediency of exercising that right. First,
as to the right. Has anybody a doubt of it? I
hardly feel justified in occupying the time of the
House in discussing a question about which really
no one does or can properly, in my judgment, en-
tertain a doubt. The right itself is sustained by
abundant authority; but if we had not the au-
thority ofauthors upon the subject, the right would
stand upon the reason of the case. If Wheaton
had not said a word, if Vattel had been silent,
if the voice of our own " old man eloquent" had
not twenty years ago, foreseeing the events that
have transpired, announced the doctrine from this
Hall, the time has come when we ought to make
the authority.
Slavery is the cause of this rebellion; slavery
is the power and strength of our enemies: have
we not the right to remove the cause of the re-
bellion ' Have not we the right to weaken the
power of our enemies? Slavery lies at the root of
this treason: can we not eradicate the treason?
Now, sir, no negative answer can be given to
these questions unless the premises are denied.
But is any gentleman prepared to say that slavery
is not the cause of the rebellion, and that it does
not give power to our enemies? Let me for a
moment refer the House to the language of Vattel
upon this point, written more than a century ago.
He says:
"Since the object of a just war is to repiess injustice and
violence, and forcibly to compel him who is deaf to the voice
of justice, we have a right to put m practice, against the
enemy, every measure that is necessary in order to weaken
him, and disable him fiom resisting us and supporting his
injustice; awl we may choose such methods as are the
most efficacious and best calculated to attain the end m
view, provided they be not of au odious kind, nor unjusti-
fiable in themselves, and prohibited by the law ol nature."
And, again, the same writer says:
"We have a right to deprive our enemy of his. posses-
sions, of everything which may augment his strength, and
enable him to make war. This eveiy one endeavors to ac-
complish in the manner most suitable to him. Whenever
we lnive an opportunity, we seize on the enemy's prop-
erty, and eonveit it to our own use; and thus, besides di-
minishing the enemy's power, we augment our own, and
obtain at least a partial indemnification or equivalent, either
for what constitutes the subject of the war, or for the ex-
penses and losses incurred in its prosecution. In a woid,
we do ourselves justice,"
But Mr. Adams more than once declared the
law in his speeches in Congress. In his cele-
brated debate with Mr. Ingersoll, in the Twenty-
Seventh Congress, he said:
" This power in Congress lias, perhaps, never been called
into t!ACicise undei the piesent Constitution of the United
States. But when the laws of war are m force, what, I
ask, is one of those laws? It is this: that when a country
is invaded, and two hostile armies are set in martial array,
the commanders of both aimies have power to emancipate
all the slaves in the invaded teriitoiy. Nor is this a meie
theoretic statement- The history of South America shows
that the doctrine lias been carried into practical execution
within the last thirty yeni*. Slavery wa« abolished in Co-
lumbia, first by the Spanish General Murillo, and, secondly,
by the American Geneial Bolivar. It was abolished by vir-
tue of a military command, given at the head of the aimy;
and its abolition continues to be law to this day. h was
abolished by the laws of war, and not by municipal enact-
ments. The power was exercised by militaiy commandeis,
under instructions, of course, from their respective Gov-
ernments."
In the course of the same speech, Mr. Adams
continues, as follows:
" I might furnish a thousand proofs to showthat the pre-
tensions of gentlemen to the sanctity of their municipal
institutions, under a state of actual invasion and of actual
war, whether servile, civil, or foieign, is wholly unfounded ;
and that the laws of war do, in all such cases, take prece-
dence. I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that
the military authoiity takes., for the time, the place of ail
municipal institutions, and of slavery among the rest; and
that, under that state of tilings, so far from its being true,
that the States where slavery exists have the exclusive
management of the subject, not only the President of the
United States, but the commander of the Aimy has power
to older the universal emancipation ot the slaves."
uLet my position be answered ; let me be told, let my
constituents be told, let the people of my State bo told—a
State whose soil tolerates not the foot of a slave—that they
are bound by the Constitution to a long and toilsome march,
under burning summer suns and a deadly southern clime,
for the suppression of a servile war; that they are bound
to leave their bodies to rot upon the lands of Carolina; to
leave their wives widows and their children oiphans; that
those who cannot march are hound to pour out their treas-
ures while their sons or brothers are pouiing out then blood
to buppios a servile combined with a civil or foreign war,
and yet that there exists no power beyond the limits, of the
slave State where such wai is raging to emancipate the
slaves! I say let this bepiovcd—Iain open to conviction ;
but till that conviction comes, I put it foith not a* a dictate
of feeling, but as a settled maxim of the laws of nations
that m such a case the military supersedes the civil power."
Why, sir, from the beginning of tin's rebellion
we have heard it stated by the traitors that they
have a power peculiar to them in their institution
of slavery. It was stated here in Congress. We
have heard it from Mr. Keitt and Mr. Stephens
here, and from Mr. Keitt and Mr. Stephens there.
All the orators, statesmen, and politicians are de-
clating how they stand upon this precise power.
I have here an extract from one of the southern
papers, in which it undertakes to go into an argu-
ment to show that the South can sustain an army
of six hundred thousand in the field, or one tenth
of their white population, without affecting their
industrial pursuits at home:
" Let the slaves work; we will fight. Wc will fight and
they will produce. Wc will consume, we will protect, and
tliey at home will give us. the means of eauying on this
war."
Is it not so? Who are fighting our battles?
Our merchants, lawyers, mechanics; our men of
