1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
a sector party; but the overruling necessity of
a nation. To retain slavery, under existing cir-
cumstances, in our body politic, would, in my
judgment, evince the very worst kind of folly or
"wickedness. To eliminate it forever should be
the unwavering determination of the Govern-
ment.
Nevertheless, the Administration refuses to
heed such counsel, and persists in regarding the
institution as shielded by such constitutional sanc-
tion as it is not at liberty to infract.
The President, in his recent message to Con-
gress, refers only incidentally to the subject; and
indicates no policy whatever for dealing with the
momentous question.
In the recent orders of the Secretary of War to
generals in the field, and other official documents
and acts, the principles upon which the subject is
to be regulated are, however, set forth. In an
order to Major General Butler, dated May 30,
X8G1, the Secretary of War says:
" Wlnle, therefore, you will permit no interference by
the persons under your command with the relations of per-
sons held to service under the laws of any State, you will,
on the other hand, so long as any State within which your
military opeiatious are conducted, is under the control of
such armed combinations, lefiam from surrendering to al-
leged masters any persons who may come within your
lines. You will employ such persons in the seivicesto
which they may he host adapted,kcepinganaccountof the
labor by them perfoi med, of the value of it, and of the ex-
penses of their maintenance."
In another order to General Butler, dated Au-
gust 8, 1861, the Secretary declares:
" It is the desire of the President that all existin? rights
in all the States be fully respected and maintained. The
war now ptosecuted on the part of the Federal Government
is a war for the Union, and for the preservation of all con-
stitutional rights of Slates, and the citizens of the Stales
in the Union." *-** •**>-*
" Under these circumstances, it seems quite clear that
the substantial rights of loyal masters will be best protected
by receiving such fugitives, as well as fugitives from dis-
loyal masters, into the service of the United States, and
employing them under such organizations and m such oc-
cupations as circumstances may suggest or require. Of
course, a record should be kept, showing the name and de-
sciiption ot the fugitive* ; the name and character, as loyal
or disloyal, of the master; and such facts as may be neces-
sary to a coireet understanding of the circumstances of
each case after tranquillity shall have been restored."
An order to Brigadier General Sherman, com-
manding the land forces of the United States in
the reccnt expedition to Port Royal, dated Octo-
ber 14, 1861, is as follows:
War Department, October 14,1851.
Sir: In conducting mihtaiy operations within States de-
clared by the proclamation of the President to be in a state
of insunection, you will govern your>elf, so far as persons
held to semee under the law* of such States arc concerned,
by the piinciples of the letteis addressed by me to Major
General Butlet, on the JUth of May and the tftli of August,
copies ot which are herewith furnished to >ou. As special
diioction*, adapted to special circumstances, cannot be
given, much must be referred to your own discretion as
commanding geneial of the expedition. You will, how-
ever, in general, avail jourself of the services of any per-
son-, whothei fugitives irom labor or not, who may off*1!*
them to the national Government ; you will employ such
peisons in such semce-? as they may be fitted lor, either
as oidinary employes or, if special circumstances seem to
jeqtiire it, in any other capacity, in such otgamzation, in
squads, companies, or otbenvise, as you deem most bene-
ficial to the betviee. This, howevei, not to mean a general
arming of them for military service. You will a&sure all
loyal masters that Congiess will provide just compensation
to" them for the loss of the services of the peisons so em-
ployed. It is believed that the course thus indicated will
best secure the substantial lights of loyal masters, and the
benefits to the United Statesof the services of all deposed
to i-uppou tlie Government, while it avoids all interfeience
with the social systems oi local institutions of every State
beyond tliat which insunection makes unavoidable, and
which a restoiation of peaceful relations to the Union,
undei the Constitution, will immediately lemovc.
Respectfully, SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
Brigadier Geneial T. W. Sherman,
Commanding Expedition 1o ike Southern Coast.
In pursuance of these instructions, a proclama-
tion was issued by Geneial Sherman to the people
of South Carolina, saying that—
<k In obedience to the oidei-ofthc President of these Uni-
ted States of Amenea, f have landed on youi shoies with
a small foteo of national troops. The dictates of a duty
which, undei these cucumstances, 1 owe to a great sov-
cieign State, and toa pioud and hospitable people, among
whom I have parsed some of the pleasantest days of my
life, piompt me to pioclann that we have come amongst
>ou wall no toolings ot ptMs-on.il animosity, no desire to
iiaiin youi citizen-, desti<>yyourproperty,oi mteifeie with
any ot your lawiul rights or \ our social oi local institutions,
beyond what the causes herein alluded to may render un-
a\ cuJablc.'"
Major General Dix also issued a proclamation
recently to the people of Accomac and Northamp-
ton counties, in the State of Virginia, dated No-
vember 13, 1861, beginning as follows:
"The military forces of the United States are about to
enter your counties as apart of the Union. They will go
among you as friends, and witli the earnest hope that they
may not, by your own acts, be foiced to become your ene-
mies. They will invade no rights of person or property.
On the contrary, your laws, your institutions, your usages,
will be scrupulously respected. There need be no fear that
the quietude of any fireside will be disturbed, unless the
disturbance is caused by yourselves.
" Special directions have been given notto interfere with
the condition of any person held to domestic service; and,
in order that there may be no ground for mistake or pre-
text for misrepresentation, commanders of regiments and
corps have been instructed not to permit any such persons
to come within their lines."
Major General Halleck, within a few weeks de-
parted from Washington to supersede General
Fremont in the western department; and imme-
diately upon arriving at headquarters issued an
order excluding all slaves from the lines of his
command, and prohibiting their further admis-
sion.
I cannot see that the policy of the Administra-
tion, as thus exemplified, tends, in the smallest
degree, to an anti-slavery result. The principle
governing it is, that the constitutional Union, as
it existed prior to the rebellion, remains intact;
that the local laws, usages, and institutions of the
seceded States are to be sedulously respected,
unless necessity in military operations should
otherwise demand. There is not, however, the
most distant intimation of giving actual freedom
to the slave in any event.
It is settled that the status of a slave under our
system is fixed by law, or usage amounting to law;
and until this is changed by competent authority,
itadheres, no matter whatchange of circumstances
may occur in other respects, to the slave. Should
the rebellion be suppressed to-morrow, the mas-
ters of those slaves now coming within our lines,
and helping us, would have a claim to their rendi-
tion, under the fugitive slave law.
While, therefore, the order of the Treasury De-
partment for paying these persons for services ren-
dered, and the recommendation of the Navy De-
partment that they be permitted to travel off, are
good as far as they go, they do not affect the vital
question at issue.
The Secretary of War suggests something
nearer to the point, in saying that the Government
ought to confer freedom on all slaves who shall in
any military exigency rendc-r it service.
But nothing winch may be said or done will be
sufficient for the emergency while the Govern-
ment imposes upon itself the responsibilities of
the Union with regard to the rebellious States.
This principle must be repudiated; or it is obvious
that we are tied hand and foot. Under our con-
stitutional system the individual States are au-
thorized to control their domestic institutions
(including slavery) in their own way. This is the
simple truth, and cannot be ignored org.iinsayed.
It is folly to look for emancipation by the nation
in contravention of the system through which the
nation lives and acts. The ministers of the Gov-
ernment are bound by the Constitution in the
discharge of their duties. Any action of theirs
transcending this limitation is revolutionary and
criminal, and ground for impeachment and pun-
ishment. Men sworn to the performance of duty
according to a certain formula arc mere instru-
ments, and rightfully possess no volition of their
own.
As to giving freedom to five millions of slaves
on the principle of amihtary necessity to suppress
insurrection, it is an idle dream. This principle
docs not even admit of a general rule on the sub-
ject. The requisite military exigency authorizing
action may exist in one place and not in another—
in Missouri, for instance, on the line of Lane's
Kansas brigade, and not in Accomac or North-
ampton. Its existence must, of course, be determ-
ined upon, when and where it arises, by officers in
command. To seriously impair the integrity of
slavery in this way depends on two very remote
contingencies, to wit: first on an honest sympathy
with the abolition cause in those who carry on the
war; and second, on such a formidable and long-
continued resistance from the rebels as will create
the necessity for utter and absolute emancipa-
tion m order to overcome them. The chance of
these contingencies being fulfilled is the measure
of probability for emancipation on the ground of
a military necessity under the Constitution; and
the country can judge of the extent of this for
itself.
For my own part, I think it quite problematical
whether there is more than one sincere abolitionist
oremancipationistamongthe military authorities;
or that the rebellion will ever holdout to the point
of rendering the liberation of the whole bouy of
slaves necessary to subdue it.
Slavery cannot be abolished in a State by act
of Congress. The thing is impossible. Congress
is the legislative branch of the Government, per-
formingits duties under certain constitutional limit-
ations. Slavery in the States is outside of those
limitations. It can be abolished only by the States
themselves, or by the Executive in, time of warf
on principles of public law, as ably expounded
many yearsago by John Gluincy Adams. In the
suppression of insurrection, however, the Execu-
tive has not this power, unless the insurgents have
ceased to be parties to our constitutional Union;
in which case they have, in fact, ceased to be in-
surgents, and become belligerents.
The overthrow of slavery by confiscating the
property of rebel slaveholders seems to me to be
utterly impracticable, consistently with the plain
requirements of the Constitution. A bill has re-
cently been introduced into the Senate to declare
the property of all persons engaged in the rebellion
forfeit, and directing the President to execute its
provisions summarily without the interposition of
civil process for trial or judgment. This bill is
unconstitutional. The fifth amendment to the Con-
stitution provides that—
"No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law."
And the sixth amendment is as follows:
"In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public tiial, by an impartial jury
of the State or district wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously ascer-
tained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause
of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses
against him; to have compulsory process forobtaining wit-
nesses m his favor, and to iiave the assistance of counsel
lor his defense."
A bill has also been introduced into this body
of similar import, and obnoxious to the same ob-
jection, and likewise to a still stronger one. This
latter bill proposes to abolish a State, and degrade
it to the position of a Territory. Such an act as
this is utterly at war with the theory of our Fed-
eral system. It could not be carried into effect
without destroying the nation, as it has heretofore
existed. Its success would establish a precedent
which would make the Federal Government the
source of all power, and convert the States into
mere corporations.
Yet, as toward a foreign nation or belligerent
Power, we could accomplish the object without
difficulty. The confiscation of property and the
regulation of order could be provided for by act
of Congress in any territory conquered to the
authority of the United States. Powers equal to
to these ends, however, would vest for the time
being in the Executive, as Commander-in-Chief
of the nation, without any such enactment. His
discretion in such case is the measure of his power;
but this must be governed by the exigencies; and
for the faithful exercise of this extensive trust, he
is responsible to the nation, through its established
tribunals. The President may, at any moment,
be impeached by this House.
It is, in my judgment, of transcendent import-
ance to guard the principles of our system of free
government. The mostimportantof them is thatof
a division of powers into the three departments of
the legislative, judicial, and executive. This has
always been regarded as essential to liberty. It is
now necessary that the Executive should wield
military power. But the object of this is to pre-
serve our system, notto destroy it The war is, of
course, to be comparatively of very short dura-
tion; and at its termination the executive power
will again be restored to thatof a civil magistrate.
In the mean time, let Congress be circumspect in
its own action, and prepared to hold the other
branches to a just accountability.
The success of the Government in subduing
upon its present plan the rebellious States must
inevitably result in restoring the domination of the
shareholding class by reinstating the institution,
underthefonnsof ourconstituuonalsystem,inthe
| [lowers, privileges, and immunities which have
| always pertained to it. Hence, such a policy is
! calculated to bring no lasting peace to the country,
