1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
March 6,
ouv forefathers is in peril; the land thatWashwg-
ton gave us is in peril; the Union, the tree watered
so freely for seven long years with their heart s
blood, is in peril. Therefore it is that we are called
to stand in the solemn presence of Washington
and baptize anew our hearts in the ocean of his
patriotism, and reconsecrate ourselves to theglo-
rious cause of preserving this nation a " Union of
States none can sever."
Would to God some voice had been potent
enough to win back every disloyal feeling, and
bring all to know the supvemacy of the Union;
that the latent fires of patriotism might have been
rekindled; and that the North and the South,
having buried all selfishness, partisanship, and
sectionalism, might have met around the altar of
a common country:
" But now since peace is despaired,
Who can think submission."
Lettis then sink every other consideration, and
make Union the beginning, Union the aim, and
Union the end of this war. In one sublime com-
bination of wisdom, patriotism, and vigor, we can
work out our salvation from the rebels that aimed
their daggers at the heart of the nation:
" Destroy thou them, O God ; let them fall by their own
counsels; cast them out in the multitude of their transgres-
sions, for they have rebelled against thee."
We must combine action witli reason, which,
if exerted harmoniously, will inspire us with a
force capable of dispelling all disorder within and
repelling injury fiom without.
The skies are covered with dark and portentous
clouds; now and then the flash of lightning is
seen; now the rumbling mass is broken and scat-
tered.
Though everything may be dark and forebod-
ing, still behind the cloud of rebellion the sky is
clear and beautiful. Soon the breath of heaven
will sweep across the threatening mass, and one
by one the stars on that dear banner will reappear;
then we can count the thirty-four, and thank God
that they are all there. .
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, if 1 am not mis-
informed, one portion of the President's message
has not been referred to any committee; whether
on the ground that there was no appropriate
standing committee, 1 cannot say. I allude to the
portion of the message which treats of labor and
its relations to capital. It may be appropriate to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union,and tothis point 1 piopose to speak.
In the lecoidsof man's history, the bloodiest
page is that oil which in recorded the eilorts oi the
privileged few to reduce the masses to their con-
trol, and the resistance of the divided people to
such subjugation. They first desired to enslave
labor, that they might enjoy its fruits; the latter
desired to dispose of their own labor, and to par-
take of its products. By the usurper honest labor
has been held in low esteem, for they grew mighty
on the sweat of others' brows. They strode
haughtily over the poor and lowly, and declared
that slavery was the proper condition of labor.
In this class we find the emperors, kings, and
nobles of the world, with the large unitary body
of slave-owners in this countt y. Opposed to these
are the bearers of burdens, the laborers, bond and
free,the producers and the tax payers of the earth.
The pasre of history which we are this day writ-
ing is buta continuation of the sanguinary recoid.
The past of this recoid has been ably reviewed
by others; I will deal with the present and future
of this grand drama, in which freedom and sla-
very stand in armed opposition. As parties in
this contest there are three actors, two in the in-
terest of slavery, united in their adoration of it,
and agreeing in their contempt of free institutions,
only disagreeing as to the best means of perpetu-
ating the system. One, " hatingeverythmg with
the prefix of free, from free negroes down or up
through the whole catalogue, tree farms, free
labor,freesociety, free will, fiee thinking, and free
schools, as all belonging to the same damnable class
of isms, "has rebelled against the Government, and
is now in arms against its rightful authority. The
second is embraced in that which is known as the
border State interest, which is willing to remain
in the Union and give loyalty and service to the
Government on conditions as set forth m the fol-
lowing pionunciamiento:
" If we remain in the Union, we must demand a repeal of
eveiy unconstitutional net against the institution of slavery.
We must demand that it shall be a settled policy of tin?
Government that wherever slavery shall exist under the
flag of the Union, it shall receive full and adequate protec-
tion from the Federal Government."
These men sustain the Constitution and the
Union, believing that slavery will be more secure
under such protection. They deprecate the con-
flict of arms, and hug the cheat of neutrality lest
slavery may come to harm in the hurly burly of
mad war.
There is another class—nondescripts, leaders
of the late Democratic party of the North, hungry
expectants at the table of slavery, and disappointed
officials—not numerous enough to form a distinct
element in the contest. They are strongly inclined
to mischief; and as they recover from the odium
incurred by the late Democratic administration,
and the open rebellion of the southern wing of that
party, they may serve a purpose m distracting the
North by clamoring for reconstruction on the old
basis, and for confining the war strictly to old
issues. Opposed to all of these stand free insti-
tutions, the spirit of the age, and the laborers of
the world.
To the careful attention of the laborers of my
country, North and South, I would commend
these earnest words from the President's annual
message:
"Itcontinues to develop that the insuircction is largely,
if not exclusively, a war upon the first piinciple of popular
government—the lights of the people. Conclusive evidence
of this is found in the most grave and matmcly considered
public documents, as well as in the geneial tone ot the in-
surgents. In those documents we find the abridgment of
the existing light of suffrage, and the denial to the people
of all right to paiticipate m the selection ot public olficeis,
except the legislative, boldly advocated, with labored aigu-
raents to ptovo that huge control of the people m govern-
ment is the souice of all political evil. Monarchy itself
is sometimes hinted atas a possible refuge trom the power
of the people. .
li In my present position, T could scaicely be justiliea
were I to omit raismga warning voice against tins approach
of icturning despotism." * * * \ *
£v A few men own capital, and that lew avoid labor them-
selves, and, with their capital, lure or buy another tew to
labor for them. A large majority belong to neither class-
neither work for others, nor have others working toi them.
In most of the southern States a majority of the whole peo-
ple of all colors aie neither slaves nor masteis ; while in
the northern, a huge majority are neither hireia  nor lined.
Men with their families.—wives, sons, and daughters—
woik for themselves on their farms, intheir houses, and m
their shops, taking the whole product to themselves, and
asking no favors of capital on the one hand, nor of hired
lahoierh or slave? on the othci If is notfoigotten that a
eonsidetablenumbei of persons mingle their own labor with
capital—that is, theylaboi with their own hand1*, and also
buy or hitcotheis to laborioi them ; but this is only a mixed,
and not a du-tinct clas«. No ptinciple stated is distuibed
by the existence of this mixed clasp.
"Again: as has ahcady been 'aid, theic is not, or ne-
cessity, any such thing as the ftee hiied laborei bemgfixed
to that condition foi hie Many independent men every-
where in these Slate*, a lew \ ears back m their lives, wcie
Hit oil l.iboieis. The pmdent. penniless beginner in the
wot Id l.i boi * for wages awhile, save* a sui plus with wlych
to buy tools or laud for himself; then labors on his own
account anothei while, and at length hues another new
beginner to help him. Tin* is the ju-t, and geneious, and
prosperous system, which opens the way to all—gives hope
to all, and consequent energy, and progress,and improve-
ment of condition to all. TSo men living are more worthy
to be tilisted than those who toil up fiom poverty—none
less inclined to take, or touch, aught which they have not
honestly earned. Let them bewaie of suirendeilng a po-
litical powei which thov ah eady possess, and which,if sur-
rendered, will suiely be used to close the dooi of advance-
ment against such as they, and to fix new disabilities and
burdens upon them, till all of liberty ehall be lost
These words me full of meaning, clearly point-
ing to the objects of the war, oil the one part, and
the danger to the laborer if shwery should succeed
in its nefarious intent, upon the other, and closing
with words of solemn warning against any sur-
render of rights which they already possess. As
one of the class contemplated in this message, as
one who has always labored lor his bread t and is,
m all respects identified in thought, feeling, and
hopes with those who must eat their bread m the
sweat of their face, I will speak of the wavy its
cause, and its cxire.
Men learned in the law have already spoken to
this question with instruction to the public mind;
ami others, with semblance of learning, have dark-
ened counsel by words without knowledge, to the :i
confusion of the people. I will notmultiply words 1!
to verify the truth as contained in the teachings of )
Matshali, Hamilton, Madison, and Adams, and .
as set forth in the able argument of my honoiable j
fuend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] 1 am content f
that we have all necessary legal and constitutional ;
powers and rights to deal, as seemeth best for the j
Republic, with the cause of the war. j
'♦It ha? been by a simple uile of lnteipietation I have !
studied the Constitution ot my country. Thau ulc has been ■
simply this: that by no word, no act, no combination into .
which I might enter,should any one human beingof all the
generations to which I belong, much less any class of hu-
man beings of any nation, race, oi kindred, be oppressed
and kept down in the least degree in their efforts to rise to
a higher state of liberty and happiness. Amid all the glosses
of the times, amid all the essays and discussions to which
the Constitution of the United States has been subjected,
this has been the simple, plain, broad light in which I have
read every article and eveiy section of that great instru-
ment. Whenever itiequhes of me that this hand shall keep
down the humblest of the human race, then I will lay down
power, place, position, fame, everything rather than adopt
such a constiuction or such a rule. If, therefore, in this
land there are any who would rise, I say to them, in God*fe
name, good speed."
Mr. Seward has said many things that future
ages will gladly remember; but in all the records
of eloquence, whether of his or other man's, it
would be difficult to find a loftier passage than
this. Would that I could persuade myself that
such was still his creed and practice.
As a representative of labor, I shall speak for
the laborers of the whole country, however di-
verse they may be in color, be they bond or free,
whether it be to advocate the interests of Ameri-
can labor,as opposed to thecapitaland machinery
of foreign countries, whether it be to resent the
slur and the sneer so often cast upon the laborer
by those who lack appreciation of his true dignity,
or whether it be to save the blood and lives of the
northern laborer in this war, by doing right and
justly by the slave. I will now and always speak
my honest convictions, with no shadow of rever-
ence for those precedents, compromises, or usages
which have culminated in violence and rebellion;
and without apology of argument I will assert
that " the present rebellion finds its root and nour-
ishment in chattel slavery in the South; that the
leading conspirators are slaveholders, who form
an oligarchy hostile to free institutions; "and as, in
the nature of things, no solid peace can be main-
tained while the cause of this war is permitted to
exist, therefore I am in favor of such action by
Congress, the Executive, the armies, and navies,
as will lead to the final extinction of the cause, leav-
ing the terms of said extinction to the time when we
may be called upon to act on it. I am utterly op-
posed to any recognition of the right of any rebel
master to any claim on the services of any person.
When gentlemen from the South announce
themselves as slaveholders—and they lose no oc-
casion to proclaim it—as the very title of their
" greatness and nobility," a thrill of admiration
vibiates through the opposite side of the Cham-
ber, and their eternal song of the " nigger" is lis-
tened to with that deferential consideration always
due this privileged order. And though they may
emulate "Bunsby" in the profundity of then-
reasoning as to the fate and condition of the ship
of State, the "Captain Cuttles," who may be
found everywhere, wag their wise heads over "   
opinion as is an opinion,
and commend these
chunks of wisdom" to us poor Republicans.
You slaveholders claim of us respectful consider-
ation, bccause a poor score or more of men and
women are the bond creatures of your will and
obey your beck and bidding. Your pretensions
to superiority on such poor grounds are disre-
garded and laughed at by thefree men and skilled
working men of the North. Your assumptions can
only be as nothing in the minds of men of skilled
hand and trained intellect, who, as inventors,
wrestle, as Jacob did of old, with the angels of the
Lord, and refuse to let them go until they bless
the In with good gifts from the master's garner of
invention. Four dominion seems poor to whole
armies intent on the conquest of nature's forces
to man's use and benefit. And your order is not
recognized by men who have grown in a world
and aspire to be nobles in a kingdom wherein, by
the touch of the little finger, the force and power
and efficiency of ten thousand of your poor servi-
tors Spring into being, attended by no groan of
anguish fiom overtasked nerves, needing no lash
toar c,no fugitive bill to reclaim to unwilling
bondage. 1 too, have been a slaveholder; for
years I have driven a grim, black giant, bom of
the dust of the earth, and fashioned in the womb
1 of the furnace " seven times heated," with iron
! frame and thews of steel, asking no kindness at
i my hands, save to wipe his oiled visage, and to
lubricate his joints—he would toil on two and
' twenty hours in every day, the year through.
| This slave is the steam engine, the wonder of
1 the age, the crowning triumph of man's raechan-
| ical skill. We have but to touch the secrets of its
! being, and a power almost omnipotent and seem-
