2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
The-resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, Thai thv. Constitution and the laws of the Uni-
ted States made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made
under the authority of the United States, are the supreme
Jaw of the land in time of war or rebellion, as> \vt;ll as in
time of peace, anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
% The right to disregard and violate the Constitution, or
any part thereof, by either of the departments of the Gov-
ernment, does not exist any more in time of war or rebel-
lion, than in time of peace.
3. That the powers vested in Congress by the Constitution
of the United States are not enlarged by a state of war, but
are ample and full to enable the Government to suppress a
rebellion, or to prosecute a war, without the exercise of
powets not granted therein.
4. A disregard of the provisions of the Constitution, un-
der the plea of necessity, by Congress, is dangerous to free
government, anil ultimately will make it a despotism if
controlled by an unprincipled majority, dangerous to private
rights, and destructive of public liberty.
5. That no State has the right, by any act, ordinance, or
law, to absolve itself or any citizen* from their obligations
and duties imposed by the Constitution ofthe United States.
6. A rebellion and open resistance to the Constitution,
and the laws of the United States made in pursuance thereof,
cannot abrogate the same; but during such rebellion and
resistance the rights and powers of the Constitution do
extend to the citizens in every portion of the United States,
and the right and power ot the Government, though ob-
structed, are not destroyed. And when that obstruction
shall be overcome, the State governments and the citizens
thereof are restored to ah the rights and privileges secured
by the Constitution.
7. That open and forcible resistance, by arms, by the cit-
izens of any portion of the United States is treason, to be
punished as such by the power ol the Government under
the provisions and limitations ofthe Constitution.
8. That a citizen not engaged in actual war, hut who ic-
sides within the territory or a defacto government, which
is in rebellion and at war with thp United State:?, is not
guilty of treason by obeying the orders of such dcfacto gov-
ernment, or by contributing to its. support.
9. That neither the Executive nor military has the right
to seize the property of a non-combatant in any of the se-
ceded States, and confiscate the samt*, oven under the au-
thority of an act of Congress. " No person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law,"
is the language of the Constitution. Therefore, all whole-
sale bills'confiscating estates, or property of any kind,
whether lands, slaves, or chattels, are in violation of the
laws of Christian warfare, and foi bidden by the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the introduction
of those resolutions.
Mr. BLAKE. I also object.
Mr. HUTCIilNS. I oliject emphatically.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. If the resolutions are ob-
jectionable to any gentleman, I withdraw them.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, presented
acommunication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting one from the architect of the
Capitol extension, in reference to that work;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Buildingsand Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON.
Mr. SHELL AB AUGER, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a bill to define and punish certain
crimes against the Government of the United
States of America; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Commute© on the
Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing tiiat the
Senate had passed an act (H. R. No. 258) to reg-
ulate the time of holding the courts of the United
States for the distiiot of Kentucky, and for other
purposes, without amendment.
FROIUISITION OF SLAVERY.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of House bill No. 374, to
render freedom national and slavery sectional;
the pending question being on the motion to re-
commit it to the Committee on Toi i itories, on
which the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Fisher]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FISHER. Mr. Speaker, I have perhaps
trespassed upon the pat'encc and attention of this
House almost as seldom as any one of its mem-
bers. During the extraordinary session of July
and August last, I scarcely opened my lips ex-
cept to pronounce my vote. During the present
session, I have only on one or two occasions ven-
tured to indulge in any remarks. I do not now" pro-
pose to occupy but <x lew minutes. I piesume in
what I have said heretofore upon the (question of
slavery I have not failed to commend myself to
those who constitute the majority on this floor
and I trust I have said nothing offensive to any
member of the minority. I hope I shall say noth-
ing now offensive or unkind to any member on
either side of the House. I shall repent me sorely
if in anything I say I should " shoot my arrow
o'er the house and hurt my brother."
Mr. Speaker, when that great and good man
whom the providence of God has called to preside
over the affairs of our distracted country had sent
in to Congress his message recommending the
passage of a resolution proffering the aid of the
General Government to such States as might here-
after see proper to inaugurate for themselves, in
their own way and according to their own views
: of propriety, some scheme of emancipation, by
way of providing for compensation by the Fed-
eral Government for public and private detriment
and inconvenience, arising from a change from a
system of slave to a system of free labor in the
States respectively; when I found the resolution
thus commended by the President passed by a
two-thirds vote of this House, and when after its
passage by both Houses of Congress, I witnessed
with delight the almostuniversal satisfaction with
which it was hailed by the press of the country,
I felt encouraged. When we had proclaimed to
the civilized world by our large vote upon the
passage of the bill providing for the emancipation
of the slaves of this District, with provisions for
compensating the loyal owners, and a proviso in
favor of the great scheme of colonization, that
freedom is national and slavery is but a local in-
stitution in our Union; and when m addition to
these measures we had further manifested the
sympathy of the Government in behalf of liberty
by the raising of a committee whose duty it should
be diligently to inquire and true presentment make,
as to how the Federal Government may best and
most effectively furnish aid and assistance to such
States as may desire to set on foot some scheme
of emancipation and colonization, I felt satisfied
that we had done all that Congress ought to do at
this time upon the subject of slavery. 1 felt full
of hope arising from that satisfaction that the states-
men and politicians and the people of the coun-
try generally'were at last about to return to their
senses and reason, were about to return to and re-
inaugurate the governmental policy of the fathcis
of the Republic. I had hoped that the time had at
last arrived when, in a spirit of fraternal love and
patriotic devotion to the present and future inter-
ests of our whole country, men from the slave
States and men from the free States might sit
down together and calmly talk and listen to each
other in sober reason, as true and honest patriots,
without passion or prejudice orpieconceived opin-
ions upon the long-vexed Bermoothes, the dis-
tracting and agitating subject of slavery and its
future destiny upon this continent, and when men
of the same State might commune together as to
the expediency of adopting or rejecting in their
States, respectively, the policy of gradual eman-
cipation, and the substitution of the system of free
labor for that of slave labor.
I had hoped, Mr. Speaker, that like the great
discoverer of this New World, after havingbeen
tossed and baffled and almost overwhelmed and
destroyed by adverse winds and tempests, with a
portion of the crew in mad and mutinous rebel-
lion, the great captain of our ship of State had at
last, with the prescience of a seer's inspiration,
descried the land ahead, and that ere long the na-
tion might safely rest in the harbor of repose, sat-
isfied with the conviction that at last the question
of slavery had been eliminated from the Halls of
Congress, and remanded where it properly and
legitimately belongs—to the people of the several
States where it exists.
It was m this fond anticipation, Mr. Speaker,
i that I indulged, when I voted as 1 most cheerfully
' did foi the resolution recommended by the Pres-
| ident. But, sir, when I saw the haste with which
j the majority here was disposed to hurry that reso-
] lutmn through the House under the call for thepre-
i vious question, without paying the slightest re-
spect to the urgent appeal made by gentlemen
from the border slave States who had called a
meeting to be held on the day following that on
I which the resolution was called up and passed
i through the House, for the purpose of reasoning
■ and communing together, and calmly considering
1 in good faith to the President and to the country
! the propriety of voting for that resolution—when,
sir, under that call wo of the slave States were
compelled to vote upon the resolution without any
i consultation with each other, and most of us with-
out the slightest consultation with our constitu-
ents, I confess that I felt that we were wronged.
When again, sir, the bill for emancipating the
slaves in this District came here from the Senate,
and it also was pushed through this House under
the call for the previous question, with all its im-
perfections on its head, and with no opportunity
whatever for the friends of the great principles
which it involved to consider or to amend it—so
full of imperfections, sir, as to cause the President
to hesitate in giving it his sanction, and then, at
last, to give that approval with the extraordinary
and unusual accompaniment of a message admin-
istering to us a just and well-merited rebuke for
our hasty, inconsiderate, and imperfect legislation,
I own that I felt perplexed in the extreme. One
of the defects suggested by the President in that
bill I desired to supply—that which provides for
the protection of the rights of parties laboring un-
der the disabilities of covcrture, infancy, and in-
competency of mind. Indeed, I was at that very
time preparing a substitute for that bill which 1
believe would have made it more acceptable to the
President, to the people of the District, and to the
people of the country at large. That substitute
provided for a higher average of compensation to
loyal owners, and for a gradual change from the
system of slave to the system of free labor by
emancipating the slaves in five annual installments.
Such a bill would have achieved the great princi-
ple of making the capital of the nation free, while
no injustice x>r injury would have been done to
any one. But, sir, no opportunity was afforded
for any amendment whatever, however important
it may have been. I was not only grieved at the
course thus pursued by the majority here, but I
am free to say that had I given way to a sense of
mere policy and calculation, rather than to the dic-
tates of my conscience; had I, like some of my
neighbors, been desirous of making a record for
myself with my own constituents, I might have
voted differently.
Again, sir, when there came into this House
from the other end of the Capitol, a bill providing
that negroes may be employed in carrying the
United States mails, I felt that no respect what-
ever was entertained for the opinions, it may be
the prejudices of those of us who, being reared in
slave States, have always been taught to regard
the negro as a race inferior to the Anglo-Saxon;
and that no matter how much any of us might
desire to cooperate with the majority herein their
efforts to preserve the integrity and perpetuity of
the Union, we were expected to yield everything
and they nothing. Nay, worse than that, sir, there
seems to be no measure, how radical soever it may
be, no matter how well calculated to do mischief
in the border States, if it be introduced here, but
can find advocates and supporters on the majority
side of this Chamber. And just here^sir, let me
allude again to the bill allowing to negroes the
privilege of carrying the mail. If this bill shall
pass this House, which I trust it will not, and
know it shall not if my vote or voice can prevent
it, you will place in the hands of your enemies in
the slave States, and in the free States, too, aweapon
of almost incalculable mischief. Let me repeat
then, Mr. Speaker, and enforce it upon the atten-
tion of the majority here, that these matters of
which I complain more in sorrow than in anger,
are grievous to those of us who, living in slave
States, desire as much as you possibly can do who
live in the free States, to sec the integrity of the
Union perpetuated, and its power and dignityand
majesty fully restored and vindicated.
Mr. Speaker, I think that my position upon
this troublesome question of slavery in its most
important aspects is such as to challenge the re-
spect, at least, (if 1 wore egotistical, I might say
the admiration,) of all the conservative Republic-
ans of this House. I hesitate not to declare here
and everywhere that I shall be glad to see the day
when my native State, which I have the honor to
represent upon this floor, shall take such steps in
the march of emancipation as shall gradually
make her a free State. Further, sir, 1 fully con-
cur with the President in the belief that the only
I way to give quiet to the country on the subject
| of slavery is by the adoption of such a policy as
, will leave the public mind to rest in the conviction
| that slavery is put in the course of ultimate ox-
| ti.ictum. 1 believe that has now been done by
the measures which we have thus far adopted,
l' and that if we advance one step further in Con-
