84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
and utterly fails to fulfill the object to which a wise
statesmanship would strive to direct the present
momentous occasion.
It is no answer to me to say that it would ele-
vate to power in the South men of more agreeable
manners, or even more gentle pro-slavery views,
than are now on the stage. In truth, the charac-
ter of the agents whom the slaveholders select to
represent them has no important relation to the
question. Men are of but little consequence in this
ease. It is a contest of principle. The rehabili-
tation of slavery in the Union brings with it the
whole train of evils under which the country has
suffered from the origin of the Government.
There are many persons, however, who believe
that slavery may be placed where it will be in
course of ultimate extinction; that, indeed, the
effect of this war, in any event, will be so to
weaken it in all the States in which it exists that
it will be unable to recoverfrom the shock thereby
inflicted, but will languish and ultimately die,
without a disturbing struggle.
This is, in my judgment, a mistake. The inex-
orable and eternal condition of the life of slavery
is, that it must not only hold its own, but it must
get more. Such is the unchangeable law, devel-
oped from the conflict of slavery with the order
of justice; and no one is competent to render a
judgment in the case who does not recognize it.
^ The object of government is the protection of the
rights of persons and property, which slavery con-
travenes. Slavery isa systematic violation of those
rights. Government is instituted for mutual pro-
tection—the protection of each through the Union
of all—and presupposes no superiority of rightin
its subjects one over another, but implies perfect
equality between them in respect to the end aimed
at—the one object of justice between man and
man. It is an instrument of nature; and what-
ever transient influences may for a time intervene
to warp it from its appointed way, it will forever,
like the magnetic needle, revert back to the eternal
current which God has set to bind it to its course.
Consequently, between it and slavery there is, in
principle, an eternal antagonism. Tiie law of the
13 ^ aceompl'sh fhe identical result which, by
t|ie law of the other, it is bound to prevent. To
dominate government, and keep it from obeying
the principle of its being, is therefore the chief
task of slavery. It must subvert government,
with respect to itself, to have an existence. Nor
is this all. Government arises from the elemen-
tary spirit of justice operating to the end of main-
taining among men the divine order. Slavery is
at war with this elementary spirit, and conse-
quently to merely neutralize government leaves it
still exposed to the force of natural justice. It
must, therefore, subvert this; which it can only
do through the forms of authority; hence it must
control the machinery and symbols of govern-
ment. Thus possessing the power of the State,
it can confer upon itself a legal sanction which
natuie denies it. So that the existence of slavery
necessarily involves its mastery of the Government
in some form or other. But the tenacity of Gov-
ernment to the law of its being gives it a powerful
tendency, when thus perverted, to recur to its
true functions, which calls for an equally strong
counter influence to avert this tendency. Hence
slaveholders are forever at work fortifying them-
selves in the Government by augmenting in every
possible way their political control.
Security is the great necessity of slavery; se-
curity is what it wants and must have. The value
of property in slaves, like that of any other, de-
pends on its tenure. But a secure tenure is much
more difficult to get for slaves than for ordinary
property. The latter may be tolerably safe under
any circumstances, except those of the wildest
anarchy; because mankind recognize and respect,
instinctively the natural and necessary property
winch is m the order of nature incident to man
I he lelation which the universal sense recognizes
and respects, is man and property, several but
connccted, the one idea excluding the other as in
the same being. Given the idea of man, and that
of property pertaining to him follows, under the
inflexible laws governing the association of ideas.
But holding; men as property conflicts with this.
It bieaks the chain of ideas. Man cannot be held
as property and yet stand to property as princi-
pal to supplement. Nature is violated. LoWc
is contradicted. Moral anarchy prevails And
hence the currents of human thought linked with
those of feeling, running upon eternal principles,
set forever against it. Consequently, slave prop-
erty is (i peculiar." With respect to other kinds
of property, no one will disturb it unless some
one wants it for himself; unless some one intends
to steal it. But as to slave property, the danger
is simply that of an interference to set the bond-
man free. "Negro thief," a favorite epithet of
slaveholders, is only another name for an " Abo-
litionist." It being only possible to render sla-
very secure by interposing the embodied force of
the community, in its Government, against the
natural impulse of each disinterested member
thereof to strike it down, the slaveholder must
not only govern the Government to keep it from
doing justice between himself and bondman, but
he must own it, that he may use it as a shield
against individual intervention. But it is con-
stantly liable to be swept out of his hands and
carried back to its natural orbit by the powerful
tides of human thought and feeling which never
cease to flo^. And so he is never at rest. He
must be always rolling his stone. A precarious
tenure of his slaves is intolerable to him. The
constantly recurring fear of losing the power of
governing excites in his mind visions, to him the
most hideous, of universal emancipation. The
probability of it goes directly home to his pocket
by reducing the market value of his slaves.
It is, therefore, by no means enough for him
to have present possession of Government. He
must have it for all time; and of this he must have
guarantees. It results that the more he gets the
more he wants. He can, of course, never get
absolute guarantees, because he is in conflict with
the Absolute. The moral world moves, and Gov-
ernments move with it, and both move, though
irregularly, in the direction of eternal justice; and
hence his^ institution continues more or less in
question, in spite of all he can do. Thus slave-
holding inevitably begets an intense and ever-
augmenting lust of power, which nothing can
fully appease, but which would, if not overcome,
advance step by step, from one seat of authority
to another, until it covered the whole continent
with its black pall.
The annals of our country abound with illustra-
tions to enforce this teaching. The slaveholders
commenced under our system with much more
than a moderate degree of power. They had, in
fact, a large preponderance in the Government.
They were uppermost in both Houses of Con-
gress and in the judiciary and executive depart-
ments. It is true, they might, in the Senate, be
ultimately overcome; and the constantly expand-
ing populations of the free North might soon neu-
tralize them in the House. Nevertheless, they
could at all times choose their own President.
They had votes in the electoral college equal to
their entire vote in Congress; and, while their
unity was, of course, perfect, the North was, at
all times, more or less divided. Its rival candi-
dates for the Presidency would compete for the
vote of the slaveholders, for permission to take
the office in trust for them, and use it under their
dictation. The patronage and power of the exec-
utive ofKce was ample to have enabled them, by
keeping the other Departments generally filled
with their servitors, to dominate over the country.
This was their original policy. In pursuance
of it they elected nearly all our Presidents; ap-
pointed our judiciary; carried our Congresses;
admittedMtssouri,Arkansas, Florida, andTexas;
involved us in the war with Mexico; passed the
fugitive slave law; annulled the Missouri com-
promise; carried on the war against Kansas, and
kept that State out of the Union for four years 
governed the country, in short, entirely in their
own way, for three fourths of a century. As
a part of this policy, they subsidized a large
number of the public men and public press of the
Worth. The Democratic party was their tool as
long as they wanted to use it; and then they broke
it into pieces and threw it away.
Their plan of operations was, indeed, most ex-
cellent, and in hands as skillful as theirs need
never have failed of its purpose. But they were
not content with the vast power it gave them
I heir instincts impelled them to look beyond it to
still greater aggrandizement and stability. How
could they, being slaveholders, be satisfied with
any limitation, present or prospective, certain or
contingent? Then- fat policy was accordingly
superseded gradually by a more radical and am-
bitious one, of which the rebellion now convuls-
ing the nation is the effect.
As early as 1832, it became the settled purpose
of Mr. Calhoun and his disciples to organize the
South into a distinct State. It was not originally
their wish, however, to dissolve the Union. Their
preferred idea was to change the Federal system.
They wanted to refine on the original plan by ren-
dering the South one and an equal confederate in
the system with the Worth; thus making the or-
ganization not only a Federal Government of sev-
eral States, but having the South united as one,
with a power of control over the whole. It was
a thing necessary to this end, that the South
should have in some form a final negative or veto
power; so that nothing could be done by the Gov-
ernment without her assent. To hold the Senate
would suffice for this, and such was the founda-
tion of that desire for " equilibrium," which in-
duced the slaveholders, for along time, to refuse
to admit into the Union any free State without
coupling therewith a slave State. This proving
insufficient, the southern mind, under the plastic
genius of Mr. Calhoun, abandoned the idea of an
equilibrium for the more imposing and attractive
dream of independence. This gentleman elabo-
rated and enforced his views with great eloquence
and power in the Senate in 1850, when he sug-
gested an amendment to the Constitution. lie
proposed that the executive department be reor-
ganized, with two Presidents instead of but one;
one to have charge of foreign, the other domestic
affairs; one to be from the North, the other the
South; and each to have a veto upon Congress
and each other.
Although this proposition was regarded at the
North as extremely visionary and preposterous,
and was never again presented in the same form,
its introduction marks the period of a new system
of political action inthe South. Every subsequent
movement of the southern leaders has had refer-
ence to the principle here involved. Independence
has been since then their central idea—independ-
ence in or out of the Union. Their first effort
after this was to make slave States out of all the
Territories and to admit them; and to continue
the acquisition of territory along the southern line
for the same purpose, with a view to constitute
the Senate the permanent organ of the South.
Accordingly the Missouri compromise was an-
nulled; Nebraska divided into two Territories, so
as to form ultimately four States; and the Dred
Scott opinion announced. These measures were
all parts of a conspiracy. The Supreme Court
were to adjudge all territory of the Union slave
territory; so that the minions of the South might
step in, take possession, and send up the Senators
duly certified. It never occurred to them that the
North would, in spite of their judicial decree,
wrest their possessions from them by a superior
emigration. But it so happened that Kansas was
the key to the whole issue, and the North fixed
its eye upon Kansas and determined, cost what
it might, to secure it. The acquisition of Kansas
by an intensely anti-slavery population dashed
the fine scheme of the slaveholders, and left them
no other resort, if they would have independence,
than an attempt to win it by war against the Gov-
ernment. And this attempt we have in the present
rebellion.
And here let me pause for a brief moment, to
pay a merited tribute of respect and gratitude to
my constituency. Brave, devoted, magnanimous,
heroic people; proudly do I bear your honored
name in these Halls, Sir, theirs is the glory of
these eventful days; to them belongs the credit of
having first interposed a barrier to check the prog-
ress ot despotic rule on this continent. Kansas
lost, we should now be hopelessly, irretrievably
subjugated. No such Republican party as we have
seen would have been organized, or, if organised,
it would have been speedily extinguished. Abra-
ham Lincoln would not now be "President; but
rather some such slaveholder as Jefferson Davis.
We should not now see a mighty host marshaled
beyond the^ Potomac, with the cheering ensign of
the Republic full high advanced-—the power of a
legitimate Government—and twenty million peo-
ple behind it; but, on the contrary, we should see
our Government transformed into a shwehold-
mg despotism, as tyrannical as that of N«mo, by
means so indirect and insidious as hardly to be
seen until the fatal work was finmln-d. The peo-
ple of Kansas took it upon themselves to act asa
