1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
gress than we have already gone you will' causc
the people to suspect that you intend more than
this—that you intend either directly or indirectly
to invade the perogatives of State sovereignty.
You of the North, sir, call on the conservative
men of the South—upon those of us who believe
that our fathers, who framed for us this admira-
ble system of free government supposed that sla-
very was an institution incompatible with the
fundamental principles of republican democracy,
and that they had left, it in the course of ulti-
mate extinction—those of us who believe that the
policy of our fathers was one of gradual emanci-
pation with just compensation and colonization,
and a separation, as far as practicable, of the two
races—you call upon us to lend you the encour-
agement of oar cooperation and influence in main-
taining and sustaining that as the true policy at
the present day, and yet you have no sooner se-
cured that cooperation than some mad fanatics
thrust upon us a series of measures of no piacti-
cal worth, which the good sense and sound dis-
cretion of a majoiity of you condemn as having
no other tendency than to produce unmixed evil.
With the taunt of doughface and weak-kneed
Unionist upon your lips for us who try to hold
up the hands of the Administration in the border
States, you are driven by a selfish, servile, slavish
fear of the ultraists among your constituents at
home to vote for measures which you admit ought
not to have been brought forward, and to be un-
wise and impolitic. Sir, is this patriotism, or is
it time-serving? It was tersely, if not truly, said
by De Tocqueville, the ablest and most observant
of European travelers in America, that General
Jackson was a Federalist by instinct but a Dem-
ocrat by calculation. There is a class of men I
fear, sir, in these times of danger and trouble, of
whom it may be as tersely, and perhaps more
truly said, they are conservatives by instinct, rad-
icals by calculation. Commend me, sir, to the
man who knows the right, and, knowing, dares
maintain it. Such men are statesmen. They who,
while piolessing conservatism and leally feeling
it in their hearts,are influenced in their action by
a desire to make up a record for themselves and
to pander to the extreme notions of a fragment of
their constituents in order to maintain themselves
in place and power, are at best, ill my humble
judgment, mere politicians.
The great want of this age, I believe, is the
want of men who, in their public capacity as well
as in their private relations, go straight forward
in that direction winch a well-enlightened con-
science and a high sense of duty point them to
pursue. These, like the days of our Revolution,
are the times that try men's souls. We want now,
more than ever before in the history of the nation,
men of expansive, liberal views, and of nerve and
martyr-like courage to bare their bosoms to the
storm of extreme popular clamor on either side—
men who, like the old Athenian hero, can dare to
say to their radical constituents, " strike, but hear
me;" men who, like our own gallant and lamented
Clay, have the noble heroism to prefer to be right
rather than be Piesidcnt. It is only by the labors
and influence of such men, actuated solely by their
desire to restore the Constitution and the Union
to their pristine vigor and exaltation, that public
opinion can be purified and restored to a healthful
tone. This is a work of love and patriotism only
equal in importance to the suppression of this foul
and wicked rebellion, which had its origin in a
diseased and corrupt state of public opinion,
brought about by demagogues in all sections of
the Union. You know, sir, you feci this want 111
the North as well as we do in the slave States.
You call upon us to act with you on such ques-
tions as our consciences approve, and as we be-
lieve to be right and productive of good to the na-
tion, and to trust to the good sense and virtue of
our people for their approbation; and when we
respond to your invocation, trusting to the hon-
esty of our purposes and the justice of our cause
to bear us up above the wave of popular prejudice
and passion at home, you laud us for our moial
courage and magnanimity. Will you not, yield
us the same measure of kind feeling and justice
and generous confidence which you demand at our
hands towards yourselves?
Let me say to gentlemen who compose the ma-
jority here, that if you want to have men in the
slave States cooperate with you in the arduous
struggle of breaking down the ultraism and mad-
ness of pro-slavery in the border States, you must
not yourselves run into the ultraism and madness
of abolition. If you expect to cross the slave line
with a party in favor of emancipation, and achieve
any sort of success, you must yield something to
us in policy, while we acknowledge the justice
and humanity of your principles. You must not
follow after every phantom and vagary and mir-
age which may spring from the brahl of eccentric
genius or mad enthusiasm. You must not take
extremists for your leaders. If you do, let me
warn you that instead of breaking the fetters of
the slave you will but rivet them the more tightly.
Mr. Speaker, you have a leader as thoroughly
patriotic in every aspiration of his bosom as the
brightest and best of that glorious galaxy of heroes
whofigured in the field or in the council chamber
of our Revolution. Sprung from the strong loins
of the people, reared in close proximity to thein-
stitution of slavery, having mingled with men of
every political complexion and of every position
in society,all his life a close and attentive student
of human nature, no man in this country is better
fitted for the glorious mission of restoring the Re-
public to its original integrity, and its proud ex-
altation among the nations of the earth; none
more capable of the task of reuniting its fretted
and dilacerated bonds of fraternal harmony and
peace. You have, sir, in him one whom the peo-
ple have come to regard as the savior, just as they
regard Washington as the Father of his Countiy;
one whom, if you attempt to ostracize him from
the leadership of your party, to follow after men
of more erratic genius or less purity of purpose,
it will be only because like the fickle and foolish
and wicked Athenians, you shall have become
tired of hearing him called "The Just." Sol
think, at least, and such, I believe, sir, will be the
verdict of the people of this country. From such
a leader and such a statesman we have received
in a special message sent us in March last, a series
of piopositions, which the majority side of this
Chamber, without, I believe, a single exception,
and quite a number from the slave States, have
recognized and indorsed as wise and patriotic.
They are lliese:
1. That Congress has no constitutional power
to interfere with slavery in the States.
2. That to each State belongs the sole and ex-
elusive jurisdiction over the institution of slavery
within its limits.
3. That it is the duty of the General Govern-
ment to extend pecuniary aid for the purposes of
compensation to the owners of slaves, and coloni-
zation, whenever any State shall choose to adopt
a system of gradual emancipation.
These are not extreme measures; they are sound
and progressive, without being aggressive in their
tendency or character; and 1 believe that whatever
party shall adopt them as the guides of their action
will grow in the popular affection and in power.
And now, sir, let us examine and see how far
the bill before us is consistent in its provisions with
the pnnciplcsembodied in the messageofthe Pres-
ident which has challenged the respect and appro-
bation of the people all over the country. Sir,
this bill is either honest or fraudulent in its pro-
visions. If honestly meant, I contend that there
is not a single clause in it of the least practical
utility. It provides:
That slavery and involuntary servitude, in all cases what-
soever. other than in the punishment ol eiime, wheieot the
parly shall h;u e been duty convicted, shall henceforth cease,
and be piolnhited ibiever in all tlicln!lowingplnccx, namely:
First. Ill all tile Teiritories of the United States now exist-
ing, or hereafter to lie formed or acquued in any way. Ses-
ond. In at! places puichased ni to he pinehased by the Uni-
ted Stat< s, with the consent of the Lege tat mes o! the several
States, tor the election of torts, magazines, at^enals, dock-
}aids, and otliei needful buildings Hi w.iieii the United States
lias or shall have exclusive legislative jurisdiction. Third.
In all vessels on the high .seas, be> ond tne tenitory and jui is-
diction of each 01 the sevei.it Elates fiom whu-li oi to v\li ch
the said vessels may he going Fonith In all places what-
soevet wiieie the national Goveinmenthas exelusivejuris-
dietion.
Six. 2. Jhul be it jn.tf.hee cnactc.L That an> person now
held oi attempted to be held hereaftei as a slave in any of
the places above named is hereby deelaied to lie ftee, and
tile light to freedom heieby deelaied may he asserted in any
of tbe couits of tile United Stales or ol the several States,
in behalf of the patty, or lus ot her posterity, after any lapse
of time.
1. There can be no object gained, no advantage
whatever derived to freedom by the provision pio-
lnbiting slavery ill the Territories. There are no
slaves, or if any but very few indeed, scarcely
amounting to a score in number, contained withm
the limits of any or all the Territories, and I be-^
liove it to be true, and doubtless every .member of*
this House believes it to be true, as was declared
by Mr. Seward, in his letter written to Mr. Day-
ton in April of last year, that " moral and phys-
ical causes have determined inflexibly the charac-
ter of each one of the Territories over which the
dispute" respecting slavery therein" has arisen,
and both parties, after the election, harmoniously
agreed on all the Federal laws required for their
organization. The Territories will remain in all
respects the same, whether the revolution shajl
succeed or fail." Now, if this be true, what is
there to be gained by enacting a prohibition of
slavery in the Territories ? There cannot possi-f
bly be any. Why, then, should we enact that
prohibition? The status of each Territory ia
already fixed'and inflexibly determined. Why
should we reopen any of the wounds in our body
politic for no other purpose than to create anew
the cankering, festering sore now healed forever
if we only do our duty and let it alone?
But, sir, there is none of our territory in which
the status of its people is not fixed and determined
by positive enactment. New Mexico was the
only Territory to which the prohibition of slavery
did not attach, and the status of that Territory
was fixed in favor of freedom by the bill which
passed this House on Thursday last, which, in
its third section, provides:
'■ That there shall he neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in the said Territory, otherwise than in the pun-
ishment of crimes whereof the parties shall have been duly
convicted; and all acts and parts of acts, either of Congress
or of the Territory of New Mexico, establishing, regulating,
or in any way recognizing ike relation of master and slave
in said Temtouj, arc hereby i ('pealed."
2. What good is to bo effected by the clause re-
specting forts, arsenals, magazines, dock-yards,
and other needful buildings? How many slaves
would be liberated by it? Would there be one hun-
dred? Would there beone? Ithinknosanemancan
believe there would be one slave the less in the coun-
try by the enactment of this provision if the bill
be honestly intended. And if any should be freed
by either of these provisions, where is your prin-
ciple of compensation which we have acknowl-
edged to be just and right by the adoption of the
President's resolution and by the passage of the
District bill? If you have done right in compen-
sating the loyal owners of slaves freed in this
District, you certainly must do wrong in with-
holding that compensation fiom loyal owners of
slaves (if any) to be freed by this act. Besides,
sir, if you enact such a provision, may you not
thereby irritate some of the States, so as to pre-
vent the passage of acts of cession of territory
for forts, dock-yards, arsenals, and light-houses,
when the same may hereafter become absolutely
necessary totheinterestand welfare of the country?
3. In all vessels on the high seas beyond the
territory and jurisdiction of each of the States from
which or to which the said vessels may be going.
As to this provision, I have only to say that, if
intended to prevent the transportation of slaves
by sea from one State to another, you will only
by this enactment be legislating in favor of over-
land travel and against the maritime rights, so that
no good purpose can possibly be accomplished by
it in behalf of liberty.
But, Mr. Speaker, let me ask the import of those
words, " hereafter to be formed or acquired in any
way," occurring in the second clause of the bill?
We have heard something about the obliteration
of State lines in respect to the seceding States, and
remanding them to a territorial condition. May
not this bill be the precursor of another embody-
ing this idea of obliteration? If so, more is meant
than at first blush appears upon the face of the bill
now under consideration. ...
Let me inquire again whether it is altogether
clear that if this bill shall become the law of the
land it will not establish in every fort and dock-
yard and magazine and arsenal and light-house and
their appurtenances in the slave States, a city of
refuge whereto the slave may fly, and laying hold
upon the horns of the altar, declare himself free
by the operation of this bill ? If such escapes be
made, where is the power of the master, loyal
though he be, to reclaim his fugitive?
Once more, sir. There are acts of cession made
by some of the States to the General Government
containing provisoes to this effect:
"Pro liieJ always, That no regulations made, or to be
made, by Congress shall tend to emancipate slaves."
