1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3027
defense and security, so beneficial to every sec-
tion, I trust we shall not ask in vain.
WILL THIS CANAL, WHEN COMPLETED, PAY INTER-
EST ON ITS COST ?
The present canal is about ninety miles long-,
and, owing to the low water in the Illinois river,
there is not ordinarily more than three or four
months of full navigation to the Mississippi. The
cost of improving the Illinois, so as to furnish at
all times a full supply of water and good steam-
boat navigation to within thirty-six miles of Chi-
cago, is estimated at $1,600,000. This estimate,
by Messrs. Gooding and Preston, State engineers,
and after careful survey, is perfectly reliable. Yet
the canal pays now about $200,000 per annum.
Improve the Illinois river, and you have a distance
of a little over three hundred miles of canal and river
navigation from which to derive tolls. Instead
of three months yearly navigation, you have eight.
You have in addition to the present local business
the Mississippi and its tributaries. You have an
interchange of commerce by steamboat, of the
lakes, and the great Father of Waters, reaching to-
gether,atalow estimate, $500,000,000. You have
this, with less than one tenth of the land contrib-
uting to that commerce under cultivation. Who
can tell the future of this commerce ? There is not
on this earth a position where the same amount
of money expended will accomplish such vast
commercial results.
Recall the history of the New York canal. See
its rise in revenue from almost nothing to an an-
nual revenue of$3,800,000; its tonnage rising from
387,500 in 1837, to 2,456,625 in 1861. The wheat
and corn carried from the West increasing from
284,909 barrels in 1837, to 13,498,523 in 1861.
JLookingatthese and otherstatistics,no sensible
man will doubt but this Illinois canal will, in a
short time, pay for itself, and become, as it ought
to be, free as the groat watoi s it will unite. Thirty-
six miles of cutting, already more than half done,
is the only obstacle to letting a Niagara of waters
from the lakes into the Mississippi, a Niagara of
trade from the valley of the Mississippi to the At-
lantic. The military necessities of the country,
and the wants of commerce alike demand that this
work be done. These are too strong to be resisted.
He who stands in the path of these improvements,
to hinder or delay them, will be swept away.
Mr. ELY. Mr. Speaker, not many days since
this House received the agreeable intelligence that
one of our brave generals, coming fresh from the
field of his renown, had arrived at Norfolk, and
that he came through the Chesapeake and Albe-
marle canal, after clearing the obstacles by which
the enemy sought to obstruct his passage. Sir,
he came not only through the canal, but in a gun-
boat, an armed vessel of war, as if to show to the
country, and afford a practical proof to Congress,
when most needed, that canals had now become
necessary naval channels of war.
The objcct of the present bill is to utilize this
important truth without delay, and to adapt to the
purposes of war and of the public defense, the ca-
pacious navigable channels provided by the canals
of the State of New York, needing notexactly the
removing ofobstacles, but the substituting of locks
of adequate size for those which are now insuffi-
cient for naval purposes. Can this Government do
this work; ought they to do it; and will they do it?
These, Mr. Speaker, are the questions to which 1
shall briefly call the attention of the House. Re-
versing this order, however, I shall begin by ask-
ing whether they ought to do it.
I shall not occupy much of the time of the House
in explaining the value of the commerce of the
lakes, which is so fully before the House in the
various reports and documents, that very little is
left to be said by way either of explanation or
argument.
The great and pressing question before this
House is, will the proposed enlargement of the
canals furnish adequate means of defense? Will
the proposed channels suffice to pass vessels of
sufficient size ? While the enlargementofthecanal
will almost of necessity enhance com merce, I do
not urge it on that ground, although it may very
well be done for that purpose alone. Living as
I do upon that great stream of commerce, and in
my daily sight, it would not be surprising if I
should indulge somewhat at large on this branch
of the subject; but my motives are of a much
higher aim. And knowing, as I do from personal
observation, that the vast commerce of the lakes
is entitled to the fostering care and protection of
the Government, and knowing that at this moment
the lakes float more than thirteen hundred Amer-
ican vessels, manned by at least ten thousand
hardy seamen, I would speak. Is there any man
in this House who will not join me in defending
these seamen, and this vast amount of property
now floating upon these mighty lakes? If so, let
him rise, and let me see his face. Do not gentle-
men know that we waged a bloody war with Great
Britain on account of the impressment of a few
hundred, perhaps a few thousand seamen, and
that it was not only for free trade, but for sailors',
rights this war was waged? Shall we now sitstu-
pidly by and allow the same domineering Power
to proclaim through their journals that they are
ready at any moment to pour into these lakes
squadrons of iron-clad gunboats, not only to dev-
astate our commerce, but to capture and imprison
our seamen, the hardy mariners who buffet the
wild storms of the boisterous lakes?
I wish any gentleman representing maritime
districts of this country on this floor to tell why
protection is due to American seamen on the At-
lantic, and none to those upon the lakes; and,
when up, I wish hhn, also, to tell me why our
maritime cities are encircled by vast and costly
fortifications, and our long line of thriving cities
and villages, strctching fifteen hundred miles—
from Ogdensburg to Chicago—should be loft to
insult, sack, and pillage. Have not the British
journals expressly and insolently proclaimed that
when spring shall open, remote Milwaukee and
Chicago would be exposed to " the assaults of
their squadrons"—not single gunboats or strag-
gling marauders, but whole squadrons pouring
into these waters fiom the British navy.
[London Times, January 7, 1862.]
" Many people may be surprised 10 learn that, in the event
of an Aiikm ican wai, the saiety of Canada is iikolj , in ihe
fir.>t instance, to be tlneatened by water and not by laud,
tfiioh, however, in some sense, is really the fact, and a
glance at any oidinaiy map of North America will show
fiom whatgeogiuphicaleondttionstheiinomalyari.se^. The
richest and"most populous territories of Cunad i he ou the
bunks, of a mighty nvor and the f-hoiesof vast inland lakes.
II It was found, m the campaign of 1S13, that the^c lakes,
became the scene of the most decisive conflicts, and two
victories which were successively gained by the American
flotillas, Jed, not indeed to the meditated couqticat of Can-
ada, but to the temporary ascendency ol our enemies m
these internal waters.u It was not until we acquired asu-
peiioutyon Lake Ontario thanhe Americans relinquished
these hopes of Canadian conquest. At the conclusion of
the war both belligerents were bu.Mly engaged in building
ships for luture battles, so that great naval arsenals weie
actually established in the middle of a continent, and at a
great distance from the sea. The treaty of peace, however,
terminated this nvalry, and a principle, which has vainly
been recommended in European negotiations, was practi-
cally recognized in the case before us. The two rival Pow-
ers, on the two shoiesof the lakes, instead of tunning a
race against each other, decided that there should be no race
at all. Instead of building ship against ship, and Irigate
against frigate, they agieed to build, m time ot peace, no
vessels of war whatever; and, at this moment, there lies
in one of the American harbors an eightv-iour gun ship,
which, offer being commenced in 1844, was left, in virtue
of these stipulations, to remain unfinished up to the present
day.
4jIn the event, however, of a renewal of such hostilities
as wen* terminated by the tieaty of Ghent, there would be
a renewal, ot course, of operations on these inland &eas ;
lor the command of the water which sepaiates Upper Can-
ada from the Federal territories would be equivalent to a
command of the field. Jt becomes a question, therefoie,
of great interest to ascertain how this superiority is likely
to be deteimmed, and we publish this evening a detailed
statement of the various conditions by which the result will
be governed. It will be seen that the matter divides itself
into two periods, ot which the fiist would be the most crit-
ical for England. Up to the month of Api il next, the lakes
may be regarded as inaccessible from the sea, and there lore
whatever force is created theiemustbe created on the spot.
The Americans would build and launch thetrgunboats and
their rafts, and so could wo. Not much could be done piob
ably on either side, as all the vessels must he extemporized
from materials actually at hand. On both shore* there aie
railways leading up to the vvatci's edge, but the Ameiic.ins
have the advantage m population and resoutccs at the ciit-
ical points, and Sackett's Ilaiboi, their aisenal on Lake
Ontario, is an establishment lor which we have no match.
Still, timber is plentiful; guns, munition'?, and steam ma-
chine! y could be tian^poited by i ail way ; and so widely has
the count) y been civilized stnee the last war that some of the
most important towns of the. Federal States, s-uch as Mil-
waukee and Chicago, have risen on the shoresof these once
remote waters, and aie consequently exposed to the attacks
of our squadrons. The r^ks, therefoie, are divided, and
the opportunities for inflicting mischief are divided also.
It may, perhaps, be admitted that lor the next three months
the Americans, being more numerous and powerful than
the Canadians, might succeed m placing on these inland
seas a larger flotilla than could be launched in the same time
by the colonists, but it must be remembered that this flo-
tilla must, In any case, be rudely extemporized, and that
earthworks, judiciously constructed and well armed, would
suffice for the effectual piotection of the menaced points
against such feeble assailants.
" As soon, however, as the St. Lawrence is opened again,
there will be an end of our difficulty. We can then pour
into the lakes such a fleet of gunboats and other cratt as
wdl give us the complete and immediate command of these
wateis. Diiectlv the navigation is clear, we can send up
vessel after vessel without any restrictions, except such as
arc imposed by the size ot the canals.- The Americans
would have no such resource. They would have no access
to the lakes from the sea> and it is impossible that they
could construct vessels of any considerable power in the
inteival that would elapse before the ice broke up. Willi
the opening of spring the lakes would bo ours, and if the
masteiy of these waters is indeed the mastery of all, we
may expect the result with perfect satisfaction. On the
whole, therefore, the conclusion seems clear that three
months hence the field will be all our own, and that In the
meantime the Ameucans, if judiciously eneounteied, would
not be able to do u& much iiaim."
I presume no gentleman of this House has failed
to read the interesting historical exposition of the
long cherished and carefully matured designs of
the British Government to secure the naval com-
mand of the lakes, commencing with the Duke
of Wellington in 1814, and steadily prosecuted
under the ad vice and direction of thateminent mil-
itary chieftain. They will find it all condensed in
the admirable memorial of the State of New York,
presented by one of its able and distinguished pub-
lic servants, who having ardently devoted his life
and talents to the great object of expanding our
vast internal comm^ce, now employs his riper
years in earnestand patriotic efforts to secure from
the Government prompt and adequate defenses of
that same commerce from hostile aggression. I
am proud to call him my personal friend. I know
him well, and I now say, in the presence of this
House, and to the country, that the man does not
nowli ve who has done so much for the internalcom-
mercc of tho American Union as Samuel B. Rug-
glcs, the official and legitimate successor of De
Witt Clinton, not alone the Governor, but the great
Canal Commissioner of the State I have the honor
in part to represent. I further affirm that of the
long scries of his numerous expositions, equally
accurate and eloquent, of the priceless national
value of our lake commerce, not one approaches
the document now laying on our tabic. With the
hand of a master he now teaches, lays bare before
the nation the vital secret of the nation's strength.
It was not possible for him to demonstrate the
necessity of adequate lake defenses without ex-
hibiting the vast extent and fundamental national
importance of the commerce to be defended. For-
tified at every step by official tables, the demon-
stration is complete. Let them answer it who
can 
I would ask, then, with such facts before us,
what infatuation can induce us for a moment to
leave this great field of commerce undefended ? In
the striking language of the report from the Mili-
tary Committee, tins great chain of waters, with
all its teeming commerce, " is now as open to in-
cursionas wasMexico when invaded by Cortez."
The attention of this House has been much oc-
cupied with military affairs. Among ks students
of military history, who will point out in the an-
nals of human warfare any military or naval move-
ment more extensive and destructive than the sud-
den capture of the whole line of coast of these vast
inteworregions, so well denominated the common
granary of the Union ? What was the capture of
Vienna or the march to Moscow in comnaiison
to this? Under wise diplomacy the danger may
not be immediate, but it is enough for me to know
that is even possible. I trust we may live for many
years on friendly terms with our powerful neigh-
bor; but I, for one, do not relish the menaces in
which he is so quick to indulge on very inadequate
provocation. The paw of the British lion is
rather too plainly in sight on these peaceful lakes.
In urging upon Congress the necessity as well
as the justice of the veiy moderate appropriation
required by this bill for defending the frontier of
Now York, which adjoins no less than three of
the six great northern lakes, I contend first, that
this peculiar extent of exposure entitles her to ask
for promptand adequate national protection; sec-
ond, that the duty of affording this protection is
one she cannot discharge for herself, but is em-
phatically and exclusively national, required by
the most solemn obligations of the Constitution,
under which the General Government expressly
assumed the sovereign obligation of providing for
the common defense of the States. So exclusively
national is this obligation; that the Stales are ex-
pressly prohibited from keeping ships of war in
