1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
breakwater, which had had the effect to stay the
advancing tide of slavery, and shield the continent
from its sway.
When I recur to my own intercourse with this
gallant people during the period of their terrible
struggle in their attempts to subdue the wilderness
—to make homes for themselves where no home
save that of the Indian, the elk, or the buffalo, had
ever existed before; considering their scanty re-
sources, the severities of life in a new country to
which they were exposed; when I remember their
determined purpose in behalf of the cause in stake;
how men and women alike surrendered with alac-
rity every personal interest and comfort and aspi-
ration, and with a sublime self-sacrifice, conse-
crated themselves to the great service; the perils
they encountered, the extreme suffering they in-
dividually endured,and yet the true martyr spirit,
the patience, the constancy, the fortitude they
displayed throughout. When I recall these
things, and my own relations with them in those
trying scenes; our mutual hopes and fears and
efforts; the days we were together in the council
and in the camp, at night on the broad unshel-
tered prairie, or around rude and poor but hospi-
table firesides, consulting, deliberating, arranging,
resolving, and executing; and when I recall, as I
never fail to do, the glorious memory of those who
passed through the portals of death in this august
work, some by sickness, others by privation,
others again on the field of battle bravely fighting
for liberty, 1 am moved with a feeling for which
no expression would be appropriate but the silent
eloquence of tears.
Sir, history has no brighter page in all her long
annals than this. I say it without hesitancy, al-
though I am the Representative of Kansas on this
floor.
It is recorded of the chivalric but ill-fated peo-
ple of Poland, that they stood up a shelter and
breastwork for Europe against the swelling tide
of infidel invaders, who, m the seventeenth cen-
tury, threatened to overwhelm the civilization of
that continent. A similar record will be made by
the pen of impartial history, to testify to the
transcendant heroism of my noble friends and
constituency. It shall be said of them that, though
few in number, limited in means, surrounded by
enemies, far away from friends and reinforce-
ments, they yet stood up, like a wall of adamant,
against a power which wielded the resources of a
nation of thirty millions, balked it of its prey, and
saved a continent to freedom and civilization.
Such is the inscription which the eternal page
will bear in letters of light, regarding the trans-
actions to which I refer; and traditionary song
and story shall celebrate to posterity the worth of
deeds which to-day finds no recognition.
We have seen both methods of teaching—one
through the operation of reason a priori, and the
other by example in history—alike inculcating
the one lesson, to wit: the folly of attempting to
hold slavery in a subordinate position, or place it
where it will be in course of ultimate extinction.
Its very existence implies rule; and to make this
secure is its never-failing motive. Security is
what it wants—not security admitting of degrees
of some, more, most—positive security, compar-
ative security, or superlative security—but ab-
solute security. Hence, unlimited power will
aione suffice it. No truth in history is brought
more directly home to us than this. Leniently,
patiently, indulgently, expensively, and fully,
have we tried the experiment; and now we have
its lesson thundered in our ears from the cannon's
mouth.
And therefore Lord John Russell was perfectly
correct in saying, as he did say a few weeks ago,
at Newcastle, with respect to this country, that—
Suppo^mu thi-j cont^t ended by the reunion of its dif-
fluent part-*; tint the South should agree to enter aijain with
alt the ngiiH of the Con-4itution. should we not again have
that fatal subject of slavery brought in along with them—
that slavery which, no doubt, caused the disruption, and
which we all smree must sooner oi later ccja<e ftom the face
of the earth? "Well, then, gentlemen, as you will see, if
this quariel could be made up, should we not have those
who differed with Mi Lincoln at the last election carry at
the next, and thus rhequauel would recomimsuee, and per-
haps a long civil war follow."
Lord John Russell is substantially right in this
respect. Let this plan of the Administration for
bringing back the seceded States on the old basis
be realized, and we shall be precisely where we
were at the commencement of this struggle. Sla-
very might possibly be satisfied with Mr. Lin-
coln's policy to-day, but what would notto-mor-
row inevitably disclose? It might possibly, while
suffering from the disaster of secession, regard its
situation tolerably satisfactory in the Union on
almost any terms. But once recovered from the
shock of its defeat, would it not again develop its
ambitious and aggressive nature with as much
virulence as ever? No one can doubt it. Hence,
should this policy prevail, nothing is more demon-
strably clear than that the future history of this
country will realize the very same troubles of
which we so grievously complain in our past, and
which culminated in the overwhelming calamity
of civil war. After the lapse of a little time; when
the strife of the present hour shall have composed
itself to rest, the old monster will again come forth
from his lair. In every State in the South we shall
have this measure and that for the benefit of sla-
very set up as a test in all the elections for State
Legislature, for Governor, for members of Con-
gress, for presidential electors, for everything;
and those candidates will, of course, be chosen
who aremostttftrain their pro-slavery tendencies.
If Mr. Holt, or Mr. JohnsOxN, or Mr. Carlile, or
men like them, do not square up to the highest
standard of southern exaction, they will be soon
set aside, and those who do will take their places.
The presidential election will be controlled in the
same way. It will be treason to the South to vote
for a northern man, unless he is a " northern man
with southern principles." Their chosen candi-
date will be the one who gives the best proofs
of his devotion to the South. Here, then, will
again be generated that species of politician known
as the "doughface." Those at the North who,
in times past, ignominously threw themselves
down at the feet of the slaveholders, as " mud-
sills," to pave the edifice of their power, will again
pass into the service of that "oligarchy." North-
ern servility and southern arrogance will grow
apace; and from one demand to another, from one
concession to another, they will advance, until the
disorder again reaches its crisis, when another
explosion will ensue, the anti-slavery element will
rise into power as before by reason of the pressure
on the other side, the whole slave interest will
be again imperilled, in consequence of which it
will again fly to arms, (its natural resort,) and the
country will again be involved in the horrors of
civil war. This is the inevitable action and reac-
tion of our system. The movement, while sla-
very lasts, is one which proceeds upon natural
laws, just as inexorable as the laws which govern
the movements of the planets. They cannot be
counteracted by any sort of political legerdemain.
Nor does it improve the case in the slightest
degree that all this will be done through men and
organizations heretofore dear to the people as rep-
resenting a better cause. Circumstances change,
and men change with them; but principles change
not. Men may not see, or seeing may not believe.
Again, men may be willing, for the sake of power,
to discard the principles to which they once stood
pledged. Or they, m fact, may never have been
pledged to principles, in themselves, but only to
certain applications of them.
The resolving force of the war may turn the
spirit of slavery into a new body, with new head
and feet and hands. The old personnel of the
oligarchy may be entirely displaced. Hunter
and Mason and Slidell and Toombs and Stephens
and Beauregard and Keitt and Pryor and the
whole array of the present, may pass into eternal
oblivion, and new names be substituted in their
stead; names, it may be, in many instances, which
have been, and are even now, associated with our
own in political action. But this will not improve
the case. Slavery will be slavery still. Organ-
izations cannot change it; though it may change
them. Nor can mens names, nor party names
change it. It may enroll itself under the " Flag
of our Union," and turn its face from Richmond
to Washington. It may gather around the pur-
lieus of the White House, instead of the confed-
eiate mansion. It may bow down to Abraham
Lincoln as the god of its idolatry, rejecting its
present idol on the banks of the James river.
But, nevertheless, it will be sure to come into our j
Senate and House of Representatives; it will be j
sure to come into our electoral college; it will be .
sure to come into our national conventions; and j.
it will be sure to be felt wherever it is. It will j
vote for slavery. It will vote for slavery first; for j
slavery last; and always for slavery. If Abra- 1
ham Lincoln would be reelected President, he
must secure the vote of slavery; for if he does not,
somebody else will by its aid be elected over him.,
And it follows, as the night the day, if Abraham
Lincoln secures the vote of slavery, that slavery
must, in turn, secure the vote of Abraham Lin-
coln.
Indeed, the tendency of the Government, upon
the principles which now control its action, with
respect to the war, is irresistibly towards such a
transmutation of political elements as will restore
the slave power to its wonted supremacy in the
Union, with the Administration for its represent-
ative and agent, however reluctant the latter might
be to perform so ignominious a part.
There are two classes of slaveholders, who,
though divided on the particular question of seces-
sion, are yet one and indivisible on the paramount
question affecting the power and prestige of sla-
very; namely, Unionists and secessionists. One
is, as to the Union, with us, the other against;
both, however, having a common purpose with
respect to slavery, to wit: its domination.
It is the determination of the secessionists to
dissolve all political relations with anti-slavery
people of every class, and to establish a govern-
ment into which no insidious foe shall be per-
mitted to enter, but through which slavery snail
reign forever, undisputed and indisputable sover-
eign lord. On the other hand, those slaveholders
who cling to the Union propose to accomplish
pretty much the same thing by a different process,
namely, by bringing all the slaveholders back to
their loyalty, and employing the power which
will thereby accrue to them jointly to regain con-
trol of the Federal Government.
It is but a difference of choice among the slave-
holders as to the kind of mansion they will in-
habit; whether they will continue to dwell m the
old establishment which their fathers built and
consecrated to slavery; or abandoning that to the
heathen, erect for themselves a new edifice, pic-
tured in their arid dreams as one which no rude
tempest shall assail, nor winds of heaven visit too
roughly; with foundations of tried steel; pillars
of alabaster; halls of precious marble; and pave-
ments of gold.
The slaveholders of the Union party, more
practical and less imaginative than their secession
brethren, prefer to tarry in the old place, propos-
ing to themselves to convert the latter from the
error of their way by convincing them that seces-
sion is a mistake; that southern independence is
a delusion fraught with manifold and terrible
woes; that the safety, the stability, the dignity,
the power, the grandeur, and the glory of slavery
are all fixed in the Union, and not to be enjoyed
out of it; established in the house which their
fathers built; which is theirs by imprescriptible
right; a glorious inheritance; " the fairest fabric
of government ever erected by man."
They appeal to the masses of the South to
abandon their present leaders and fly to them,
crying out that to follow the confederate flag along
the " perilous edge," and through storm and
battle, will lead them to swift destruction; but
that to rally to their standard will take them back
to the old homestead, where, in the affecting pic-
tures they draw, the pastures are ever green, and
the streams ever bright; the skies always blue,
and flowers blooming perennial; and here, they
tell them, they may forever repose under their
own vine and fig tree, with no one to make them
afraid.
Their desire is that we should not be precipitate
in moving forward the grand Army of the Union;
but should hold it up as a gigantic instrument of
chastisement in terroretn, over their erring breth-
ren; allowing ample time before using it for peni-
tence and absolution. Hence we are to infer that
the harmless evolutions of dress parade arc more
to their views than frequent encounters on the
field of battle.
Yet they require that our Army should be ad-
vanced. It must occupy each rebellious State.
Our standard must be u nfurled, as a rallying point.
A center of operations must be secured, from
which missionary enterprise shall branch out.
To convert the sinning sons of the South back to
truth and righteousness, there must be a Jerusa-
lem at each convenient locality, up to which they
may come to indicate repentance and be again
enrolled in the flock of the immaculate of the house
of Israel. And nothing will suffice for such a
