86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Jerusalem but a military encampment, with such
latter-day saints as McClellan and Banks and
Dix and Halleck,and the like, armed to the teeth
and ready for the fray, with sword in one hand
and the Constitution in the other, prepared to
administer death or the oath of allegiance accord-
ing to the stubbornness or docility of the sub-
feet.
Of course it is a part of the system of opera-
tions of these gentlemen to do a little in the revo-
lutionary way themselves, whenever such slight
irregularity may become necessary to checkmate
the leaders of secession. For instance, as in all
therebellious States, the forms of governmental
in possession of the insurgents, it is part of their
plan to arrange State governments of their own.
Such machinery is necessary in carrying out the
great scheme of salvation in which they are en-
gaged—fealty to which, on the part of the peni-
tent rebel, shall be the test of a return to the faith
of the fathers. This has, indeed, already been
tried,and found to work likeacharm. The Union-
ists in Western Virginia met at Wheeling, and
voted from amongst their number Mr. So-and-so
for the Legislature, Mr. So-and-so for Governor,
Mr. So-and-so for judge, and they having called
this the government of the State, it was imme-
diately recognized as such. Whereupon United
States Senators and members of this House were
at ohce sent up, and promptly admitted; and these
gentlemen will, in 1864, by virtue of this little art-
ful operation, carry about with them in their pock-
ets, twenty-six votes of onr electoral college to
decide who shall be our next President. This pro-
gramme being to be canied out in every seceded
State, for every State which the "new South,"
or the new " oligarchy," thus clutch, they will,
of course, secure two United States Senators,
besides an indefinite number of members of this
House, and votes for President equal to their full
congressional representation. Iheywili have,
of course, proportionate delegations in all our
nominating conventions.
Wherever such organization is set up, it is ex-
pected that the slaveholders will, in large num-
bers, desert the confederate banner, and follow
that of the Union. An inducement which will
attract many, is the opportunity which will be
thus presented of entering into the new order of
things high in official station. Offices will be ob-
tainable with little difficulty; and ambitious young
men, and ambitious men not so young, will rush,
it is supposed, to the side of the Union, to enjoy
official patronage and prestige; bringing with them
all their friends, relatives, debtors, creditors, and
other persons interested in their success in life. It
is also regarded as highly important that the most
liberal promises in favor of slavery shall be given.
Jefferson Davis may, in this respect, bid high;
but if so, Mr. Lincoln must bid against him. A
strict observance of all the guarantees of the Con-
stitution must, of course, be stipulated. An am-
nesty, which shall cover all sins of omission or
commission, mustbe granted to whomsoever shall
return to his allegiance, and all such measures
be resorted to as shall serve to allay the suspi-
cions, assuage the bitterness, and abate the hos-
tility of the erring children of the South to our
common Government, and persuade them again
to enjoy its blessings.
By such skillful treatment as is here hinted at,
by the military arm in one direction and the dex-
terous fingers of political artifice in another; by
alternate blows and persuasion,blisters and sugar
plums, it is expected that the belligerent will be
tamed down; the willful recalled to tractability; the
skeptical inspired with faith; and in fine, the whole
body of slaveholders firmly planted once more on
the side of the Union, the Constitution, and the
laws.
The policy of the Administration harmonizes in
almost every particular with the objectof this class
ofslaveholdcrs. It offers ample protection to their
constitutional rights, and full pardon to secession-
ists returning to their allegiance. It holds the
grand Army in abeyance; and recognizing their
empty frameworks of State governments, inducts
them as bona fide into the sacred temple of our
sovereignty.
In short, the two bodies seem to be at one table
in full communion. Their actions tend unmis-
takably to the same result, whether they know it
or no; and their success will develop a reunion
of the slaveholding interest on the platform of the
Administration, for the protection of slavery, and
against all who oppose it.
In this way the party of slavery will become
again the party of the Administration; Mr. Lin-
coln will become the President of the South,
through the agency of the Union, and Jefferson
Davis will retire to the shades. The Federal Cap-
itol will once more become, the seat of the slave
power, the Federal Government its instrument,
and the country its subject realm. The old game
of a united South against a divided North will be
repeated. The party of the Administration will
play the role of the old Democratic party once
again. The former strife will be renewed; and
in the end, however distant, slavery will again
be driven to extremities.
I may be permitted, however, at this point to
put in a protest against extemporizing State or-
ganizations for seceded States, and clothing theui
with powers to match. So far as legal correctness
is concerned, this action is as unwarranted as se-
cession itself. It is quite as revolutionary. In-
deed, itis, in this respect, upon precisely the same
footingwith secession. Secession repudiates the
Federal authority within a State through State
forms and State forces, while this repudiates the
State authority through Federal forms and forces.
They are both equally revolutionary. Nor can
the plea of necessity be interposed to extenuate
it. No necessity exists for anything but a mili-
tary occupation in a rebellious State until the re-
bellion is subdued. And this is precisely what
should take place, and nothing else. These skele-
ton State organizations are nothing but the ma-
chinery of political artificers for monopolizing
power; and it is a shameful and most pernicious
abuse of the executive trust to recognize them as
valid.
A government for the State of Virginia made
its appearance last May, and claimed to be en-
titled to consideration, because, as it was said, the
people west of the mountains had instituted it.
It received the recognitionof the President, which
was construed to bind the other branches of the
Government. Since then, however, the people
who were represented as having adopted this,
have organized another State government, with a
view of being detached from the old State. But
under the Federal Constitution this cannot be
done without the consentofthe oldState. Never-
theless, the people of Western Virginia having
created- a government for the whole State, of
which the needed recognition was afforded, and
having now created their new State of Kanawha,
have only to give to the latter, through the former,
the necessary assent, to secure the requisite com-
pliance with the terms of the Constitution, and
be doubly admitted into the Union—thus becom-
ing invested with the constitutional powers of
the old State of Virginia, besides those which will
belong to the new State of Kanawha, including,
of course, two United States Senators for each.
I conceive this to be a gross outrage upon the
constitutional rights of all the other States.
The process of making States at short-hand
may give rise to one of the most gigantic schemes
of political jugglery the world ever saw. The
war may not be finally closed or the rebels sub-
dued for many years, and yet the vast power per-
taining under our Constitution to the seceded
States may, in the mean time, be exercised by a
very limited number of persons. Itis only ne-
cessary for the Government to secure a footing at
some point within the geographical limits of one
of these States to enable a few individuals to ac-
quire the power to which such State is entitled by
the Constitution and usages of the land, in Con-
gress, in the election of President, and in all our
nominating conventions. To this end, it is only
necessary for a stock of ready-made State gov-
ernments (so to speak) to go along with the Army,
to be set up wherever a corps may encamp within
a seceded State. it
I will not say that this is the sort of game which 'j
the Unionist slaveholders intend to play, to hasten ]j
their control of the Government in advance of the ij
actual conquest of the rebels. And yet is it not l!
mainly as to the superiority of political over mil- !i
itary tactics for maintaining power that they differ
with their secession brethren ? At any rate, this
scheme would admit of a most stupendous fraud
upon the country; and a public man, who is even
decently honest, slaveholder or non-slaveholder,
will regard it in this respect with great disfavor.
I will not impeach the motives of the Adminis-
tration. It is doubtless guided by a sincere desire
to do, in all things, what will prove to be for the
best interests of the country. But it is neverthe-
less acting upon a most deplorable policy in this
resptct. Principles control events; and its prin-
ciples in this regard cannot fail to develop another
woeful cycle of national contention and disaster,
probably more violent, bitter, and fatal than any-
thing in our past history. The very opposite
course is the one it ought to pursue. To liberate
the Government utterly and forever from slavery
should be its first and paramount object. To ac-
complish th'is it is only necessary for it to dis-
card an attenuated abstraction, and avail itself of
events which God has brought to our very doors.
The simple act of changing the relations of the
Government, and pursuing the war according to
the law and facts of the case, would, in a short
time, make the United States as completely free
from slavery as Canada, and place the institu-
tion at our feet, and under our feet. To recog-
nize the confederate States for their benefit is no
part of our duty; but to shape our policy to ac-
cord with events, and enable us to fulfill a high
purpose, is what we are imperatively called upon
to do. The fiction upon which we are now pro-
ceedingbinds us to slavery; and hence the national
arms,instead of being directed against it, are held
where they may at any moment be required to be
turned to its defense.
The wish of the masses of our people is to con-
quer the seceded States to the authority of the
Union, and hold them as subject provinces.
Whether this will ever be accomplished no one
can, of course, confidently foretell; but, in my
judgment, until this purpose is avowed, and the
war assumes its true character, it is a mere jug-
gle, to be turned this way or that—for slavery or
against it—as the varying accidents of the hour
may determine.
Itis well that the bugbear of disunion has passed
away, and can no longer be used to frighten timid
souls from their propriety. Every one now sees
that there cannot be any permanent separation of
the States of the South from those of the North;
that they are wedded by ties of nature, destined
to triumph overall disintegrating and explosive
forces.
Should the belligerent sections settle down upon
existing bases into separate political communities,
the States in the southern section, along the north-
ern line, would speedily bccome free, and eager
to reunite with the North. Such slaves as could
escape across the line would do so, and the rest
would be conveyed by their owners to the distant
South; and as these States became free, they
would become antagonistic to their confederates,
and reconcilcd to the old Union; and no obstacle
could prevent their return. Thus the southern
line of the United States would be brought down
to the next tier of slave States, upon which the
same effect would be wrought; and thus the
process continued until the national ensign would
again float unchallenged "on the breezes of the
Gulf. This would effect a restoration of the Union
on an anti-slavery basis.
So that, even if the present war should cease,
anew one would immediately begin. Moral forces
would take the place of physical ones; and the
anti-slavery editor and lecturer would appear in-
stead of the dragoon and musketeer. The center
of abolitionism would in time be transferred from
Boston to Richmond; and we should see a Vir-
ginia*' liberator,"in the person of some ncwGar-
rison, come forth to break the remaining " cov-
enant with death" and " league with hell."
The question may, after all, however, be fairly
regarded as in one sense a question of union. Es-
trangement and war will always exist while slavery
survives. The extinction of this evil is the only
final end of disunion. Thequestion, therefore, is,
whether our Union shall be a real or a pretended
one—whether freedom shall be its law and peace
its fruit, or slavery its law and war its baleful off-
spring. A system based on slavery is essentially
one of disunion. The war must, therefore, strike
for freedom, or its professions about Union are
delusive, and its end will be naught.
Should it fail to do so, then l^t us cast it out as
a wickedness and an abomination, and trust the
cause of Union to other preservatives—to God's
providence rather than to man's imbecility and
treachery. War is obnoxious on general princi-
