1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3029
of constitutional government has become insep-
arably interwoven with the preservation of rfa-
tional unity. However honest in intent, the man
is in the act a traitor who consents to part with
either; and to-day he best defends the Constitu-
tion who strongest cements the Union. The fact
of Federal Union gave to the United States the
leading position as a nationality on the North
American continent, and stupidity alone would
have failed to exercise the power thereby acquired
to attain by all honorable means the continental
proportions indicated to them by the geography
of the country. Nature had already designed
what man has accomplished. Our mission, almost
divine, is to bind together this great empire which
has been committed to us, so that its protected
frontiers shall henceforth offer no inducement to
foreign aggression, and its social and material in-
terests no bribe to individual ambition or domestic
insurrection.
We have nearly the whole temperate zone of the
North American continent washed on each side
along two thousand miles of coast by the waves of
either ocean, the half of its southern line resting
on the Gulf of Mexico, and the half of its north-
ern bounded by the greatest connected chain of in-
land waters in the world. The Alleghanies run-
ning parallel with and near to the Atlantic on the
east, and the Rocky mountains in the same rela-
tive position to the Pacific on the west, pour down
their steep ocean slopes innumerable and perpet-
ual streams, the waste water from which, after sup-
plying the utmost need of our own continent, might
drive the stationary machinery of the world. Mid-
way between, the Mississippi starting its naviga-
ble waters in the extreme north, traverses a valley
of a thousand miles in width by two thousand in
length, and more wonderful for its fertility than
fonts size, while its tributaries, the Illinois, Ohio,
Tennessee,and Cumberland on the one hand, and
the Missouri, White, Red, and Arkansas on the
other, float toward it from the very gorges of the
great mountains their freights of agricultural and
mineral wealth. Excepting the peninsula of Up-
per Canada, the possession of which is in all re-
spects desirable to the United States, there is no
portion of the continent without our limits which
even covetousness should desire. It was never
designed, however, that the almost boundless ce-
real productions of the Northwest should be borne
to market through the torrid heat of the Mexican
Gulf and the middle ocean. Were that the only
outlet, a hundred million bushels of growing
corn would bo shut out from market, and become
worthless except for fuel. The course of the
great lakes commencing within a few miles of the
headwaters of the Mississippi, and stretching
with their rivers easterly to tne Gulf of St. Law-
rence, complete the want without which the rich
granary of the Northwest would but mock the
hunger of the world. Did the isothermal lines
running easterly from the Pacific correspond with
the parallels of latitude, Great Britain, in the pos-
session of the river and Gulf of St. Lawrence,
would hold the natural outlet of this inland com-
merce to the ocean. The climate of the Atlantic
coast, however, drives this commerce down to the
latitudes of Portland, Boston, and New York, the
waters of whose bays scarce maintain a victory
over the frosts of winter, in the line of which the
plateau of central New York invites art to unite
the waters of the lakes with the tide waters of the
Hudson. As if not content with these all-suffi-
cient and unmistakable evidences of adaptation to
the uses of a great and united people, nature has
provided a second coast line within the shifting
sands of the outer Atlantic shore, by various gulfs
and bays, so that with an aggregate of sixty miles
of artificial channel, connecting New York, Del-
aware, and Chesapeake bays with Currituck, Al-
bemarle, and Pamlico Sounds, the whole coasting
trade of the Atlantic may be done upon the waters
of the ocean without exposure to the ocean itself.
The necessities of commerce, without one dollar
of expenditure by the general Government, has
already compelled the enterprise of individuals
and of the individual States, without reference to
any question of public defense, to construct every
one of these artificial channels, thus plainly indi-
cated upon the map of the country, so that for
purposes of trade, direct inland communication
exists excepting Maine, South Carolina, Georgia,
and Florida, between each of the States and every
other east of the Rocky mountains, and with the
improvements contemplated by the pending bill
each may in the same manner be reached from
every other by efficient gujiboats for purposes of
defense. The operations of the present year dem-
onstrate the important part our rivers are to bear
in interna! military operations hereafter. Europe
was startled a few years ago by a clearance pre-
sented at Liverpool from the port-at Chicago. It
has been equally startled by victories won by flo-
tillas in inland Alabama, Mississippi, and Ten-
nessee. The importance of our lakes and rivers
not only for purposes of commerce but as military
highways for purposes of war must receive at-
tention.
Whatever prominence the cheap labor of slaves
and the constantly stimulated demand for cotton
may have given during the first half of this cen-
tury to the cotton fields of the South, the census
tables establish thefactthattheagricultural wealth
of the nation has already centered among the free
homes and the broad corn fields of the Northwest.
Comparatively undeveloped as are the resources of
that section of the country, these statistics show
that for the year preceding the census of 1860 the
production of the lake States of Ohio, Michigan,
Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin," was in wheat
and corn alone seventy-eight million bushels of
of the former and two hundred and seventy-five
million bushels of the latter, of which more than
one hundred million bushels are annually exported
in the shape of flour and grain, aside from the
large amount further exported in the shape of
beef, pork, tallow, lard, and oil, and more than
two thirds of which is conveyed to tide water
through the Erie and Oswego canals.
The numerous fleet engaged upon the lakes in
this transportation of breaastufis, and the corre-
sponding return of merchandise and otherequiva-
lents, was shown in the able report submitted by
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ar-
nold,] early in the session, in conncction with the
bill introduced by him relative to lake and river
defenses, and to which I take the liberty to refer.
Forty miles of canal boats are employed through-
out the season of navigation, mainly to connect
this lake commerce with the eastern States and
the ocean. The demand for grain for foreign ex-
portation is not an accidental or factitious one,
butpermanent,and steadily increasing, and which
the policy of the manufacturing countries of the
Old World in rcmovingthe obstructions to the im-
portation of corn, must continually increase. I
will detain the House with no statistics upon this
point, nor will I dwell upon the varied industries
of our own country, the dependence of each upon
the other, and primarily of all upon the region
about the lakes for food, and the dependence of
that again upon the lake transportation, and the
Erie and Oswego canals, for delivery at tide wa-
ter. I refer simply to the census tables and to the
official and reliable statistics, in part compiled
from that source, contained in the valuable paper
prepared in behalf of the State of New Yoik by
Hon. Samuel B. Ruggles, accompanying the mes-
sage of the President, which was communicated
to the House on the 13th instant.
Great Britain at an early day, with a view to
the aggrandizement of her colonial possessions
through the carrying trade of this rising com-
merce, and with a prudent foresight to a naval su-
premacy upon the lakes, entered upon a system of
improvements designed to accomplish both pur-
poses, by which the outlays for defense were to
be remunerated in the profits of trade. While our
own Government was refusing even the few thou-
sands necessary to keep open safe and sufficient
communication through the St. Clair flats, Great
Britain, at an expense of millions, had constructed
the Rideau canal, connecting Lake Ontario with
the Ottawa river, and thus opening communica-
tion through an interior channel between Kings-
ton and Montreal, the canal being five and a half
feet in depth and with locks thirty-three feet wide
by one hundred and forty-two feet in length. She
had also opened communication between the ocean
and Lake Ontario by canals around the falls of the
St. Lawrence,eight feet deep,and with locks forty-
five feet in width by two hundred feet in length;
and had connected Lakes Erie and Ontario by the
Welland canal, seven feet in depth, with locks
twenty-six feet in width and one hundred and fifty
feet in length. She had also projected, though not
completed, a ship canal to connect Lake Ontario
and Georgian Bay through Lake Simcoe, and also
another to connect the Ottawa river with the Geo r-
gian Bay through Lake Nississing, so as to open
much shorter communicatien with the lakes above
the St. Clair river, and avoid all danger of impedi-
ment from the St. Clair flats. Without reference
to any question of defense or naval supremacy,
New York, for purposes of commerce alone, has
connected the Hudson river with Lakes.Erie and
Ontario by canals seven feet in depth by seventy
in width, with locks one hundred and ten feet in
length by eighteen in width, at a cost of nearly
$45,000,000, and abundantly sufficient for all pres-
ent purposes of trade. These are the only canals
we have connecting tide water with either of those
lakes of sufficient capacity to float a gunboat.
They are upon the only route practicable for that
purpose. These canals have long since ceased to
be a local improvement. Already only one thir-
teenth of the grain transported upon them is of the
produce of New York, and only one third of the
productions of the forest. Michigan and the pe-
ninsula of Canada have long raised the wheat from
which the bulk of the Genesee flour is manufac-
tured. Old and New England and the States north
of the Ohio river are in fact the proprietors of the
business upon the canals of New York.
No person can give even a casual attention to
the resources and multiplied statistics of the coun-
try and its inland transportation without convic-
tion of the importance of protection proportioned
to the interests at stake, nor without becoming
insensibly disrobed of all prejudice against the
pending measure as one of local concern. Inves-
tigation.but swells the magnitude of the propor-
tions of the subject. We hesitate at facts, and
shrink from estimating the probabilities of the
future by the certainties of the past.
The hard concussions of civil war are, through
much patient suffering and great temporary loss,
happily knocking us loose from the contracted
platforms and policies of old organizations, and
setting us adrift upon a new and open sea of polit-
ical inquiry. An empire is being saved—when
saved, it is to be developed and defended. The
struggle for national salvation compels us, for the
time, to subordinate abstract principles of consti-
tutional law and political science, to the practical
investigation of the sources of national wealth and
strength, and to an immediate realization of our
formidable power. It is a happy circumstance that
the expenditure provided for by this bill, though
furnishing the most economical means possible for
defense, is of itself the most judicious means of de-
velopment for the material resources of the country.
Every dollar of the millions expended upon your
fortifications is, except for the one purpose of de-
fense, a dollar thrown away. It never contributes
to plow a field, propel a ship, turn a spindle, or
weave a woof of interest into the great webs of
national capital. Every dollarexpended upon this
work is a dollar at compound interest through all
coming time, not only as regards the general wealth
of the country, but also in its direct effect upon the
Treasury through the duties levied upon imports,
which can only be received in return for our ex-
portation. Let itnot be argued then as an objec-
tion to the pending measure that, incidentally, in-
dustry and commerce reap from it all the advant-
ages of an expenditure for purposes of purely
internal improvement, but rather rejoice that so
much of the taxes wrung from us by the hard ne-
cessities of war, may thus be returned as a willing
and perpetual tribute to the industries of peace.
Nor let it be supposed that the State of New
York is to be the recipient of Federal bounty in
the expenditure of that portion of the moneys
which will become necessary in widening the locks
of the Erie and Oswego canals. The record of
New York is not certainly such, in the past or
present, as to make it an objection to a great na-
tional work that it cannot be accomplished with-
out incidental benefit to her. She comprehends
her position as the carrier of the industrial prod-
ucts of the country. She has made wise provis-
ion to sccure that carrying trade. She has secured
it and will forever retain it. Whenever the time
comes, as in the not distant future it may, when
enlarged capacity is required upon her canals, it
will be furnished as in time past it has been. Until
her statesmanship becomes dwarfed to propor-
tions unbecoming the Stale, the requirements of
commerce will be met. And they will be met in
the same spirit as in the past, not merely for the
purpose of revenue, butfor thedevelopmentofthat
