1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
pies; and is only sanctified as a means to a noble
end. It is a treacherous instrument at best-, and
in this case there is no little danger that it will
turn into a thunderbolt to smite us to the earth,
burying- beneath the ruins of our constitutional
liberty the hopes of mankind.
Eight hundred thousand strong men, in the
prime of life, sober and industrious, are abstracted
from the laboring population of the country to
consume and be a tax upon those who remain to
work. The report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury tells a fearful tale. Nearly two million dollars
per day will hardly more than suffice to cover
existing expenditures; and in one year and a half
our national debt, if the war continues, will
amount to $900,000,000.
This is the immense sacrifice we are making for
freedom and Union; and yet, is it all to be squan-
dered on a subterfuge and a cheat? For one, I
shall not vote another dollar or man for the war
until it assumes a different standing, and tends
directly to an anti-slavery result. Millions for
freedom, but not one cent for slavery.
fc>ir, we cannot afford to despise the opinion of
the civilized world in this matter. Our present
policy narrows our cause down to an ignoble strug-
gle for mere physical supremacy, and for this the
world can have no genuine inspect. Our claim of
authority, based on a trivial technicality about the
proper distinction between a Federal Government
and a mere confederacy,amounts to nothing. The
human mind has outgrown that superstitious rev-
erence for Government of any kind which makes
rebellion a crime per se; and right of secession or
no right of secession—what the world demands
to know in the case is, upon which side does the
morality of the question lie? As a bloody and
brutal encounter between slaveholders for domin-
ion, it is justly offensive to the enlightened and
Christian sentiment of the age. Yet the fate of
nations, no less than that of individuals, is molded
by the actions, and these by the opinions of man-
kind. So that public opinion is the real sovereign
after all, and no policy (fan be permanently suc-
cessful which defies or disregards it. The human
mind, wherever found, however limited in devel-
opment or rude in culture, is essentially logical;
the heart, however hardened by selfishness or
sin, has a chord to be touched in sympathy with
suffering; and the conscience has its "still small
voice," which never dies, to whisper to both heart
and understanding of eternal justice. Therefore,
in an age of free thought and free expression, the
brain and heart and conscience of mankind are
the lords who rule the rulers of the world, and no
mean attribute of statesmanship is quickness to
discern and promptness to interpret and improve
the admonitions of this august trinity.
Sad, indeed, will it be if those who, in this aus-
picious hour, arc invested with the responsibility
of command, shall continue to lack wisdom to
comprehend or virtue to perform their duty. This
is the great opportunity which God has vouch-
safed to us for our deliverance from that great
curse which darkens eur past. Let us not prove
ourselves unequal to the destiny which it tenders.
Oh ! let us not attempt to rebuild our empire on
foundations of sand: let us rear it on a-basis of
eternal granite. Let the order of justice, the har-
mony of God's benignant laws pervade it. And
no internal commotions or outward assaults will
afterwards beset it, against which it may not rise
triumphant and enduring.
" Thou vampire Slavciy, own that thou art dead.
* x * * * * * Yield to us
The wealth thy spectral fingers cannot liold;
Ble^s us, and so depart to lie in state,
Embalmed thy hleless body, and thy shade
So clamorous now lor bioody holocausts,
Hallowed to peace by pious festivals."
Thus may ibe great Republic, so long perverted
and paralyzed by slavery, stand forth, in the words
of the Irish orator u redeemed, regenerated, and
disenthralled by the genius of universal emanci-
pation."
Mr. HARDING obtained the floor, Mr. Con-
way's hour having expired before he had con-
cluded his speech.
Mr. HARDING. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Kansas, to give him an opportu-
nity of concluding his speech if the House is will-
ing to indulge him.
The SPEAKER. If there is 110 objection, the
gentleman from Kansas will proceed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object,unless the
rule is made uniform, and all who engage in this
debate have equal privileges. I tried this experi-
ment last winter, and was the only exception made
in the House. If you will abolish the hour rule
I shall be perfectly content. I intend to make that
proposition as soon as possible.
Mr. STEVENS. This question can hardly be
discussed in an hour, and unless we adopt some
rule on the subject some gentlemen are allowed to
go on when their hours expire while others are
prevented from doing so. It has always been so.
I hope that by common consent we will allow an
hour and a half to each speaker in this discussion.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri'. I hope the gentle-
man will not object. If we are to have any debate
upon this question, more than an hour should be
allowed to each speaker.
Mr. HARDING. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his objection, and let us
have free discussion.
Mr. COX. I understand it is proposed to allow
an hour and a half to each speaker, and I have no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
proposes: it is that during the continuance of the
discussion on the joint resolution now pending,
an hour and a half shall be allowed to each mem-
ber instead of one hour, as the rules provide. It
can only be done by unanimous consent. Is there
objection ?
Mr. BABBITT. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I shall propose to
abolish the hour rule at the earliest possible op-
portunity, and test the sense of the House upon
the subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Harding] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOUIvE. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield me the floor for one moment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor, and his time has been
running for three minutes.
Mr. HARDING. My hour ought not to begin
until I can be heard.
Mr. FOUKE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment. I will not trespass long upon
his time. I want less than five minutes. I wish
to ask the gentlemen from Kansas a question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to the gentleman from yiinois?
Mr. HARDING. Yes, sir; I yield.
Mr. FOUKE. Mr. Speaker, 1 was not in the
Hall when the gentleman from Kansas com-
menced his speech. I am informed by friends
around me here that he enumerated the disasters
which have befallen the Army since the war be-
gan, and that, in that enumeration, he alluded to
the battle of Belmont. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if he made such a statement here upon this
floor as that tire battle of Belmont was a defeat to
our Army?
Mr. CONWAY. I did, sir.
Mr. FOUKE. I would ask the gentleman upon
what authority he made that statement?
Mr. CONWAY. I made it upon the authority
of the newspapers,
Mr. HARDING. I must object to this, if it
is to'come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It must come out of the gen-
tleman's time, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. FOUKE.* I ask the indulgence of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky for a few moments.
Mr. HARDING. I must respectfully decline
to yield further.
Mr. FOUKE. I wish to set this matter right.
It is proper that I should do so. It is but justice
to those brave soldiers who fell upon that noble
battle-field, which was a victory, that this false-
hood should be nailed to the counter. I claim it
as a right. It will take me but a moment to make
my statement.
Mr. HARDING. I have but a few words to
say in reply to the gentleman from Kansas.
Mr. FOUKE. If I have the floor, I beg leave
to make a little statement in regard to this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to say
who has the floor. The Chair applied to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to know whether he
yielded the floor.
Mr. HARDING. I do not yield.
Mr. CONWAY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege—a personal matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot raise
a question of privilege while another gentleman
is on the floor.
Mr. HARDING. I have but a few words
to say in reply to the gentleman from Kansas.
There are some two or three pages of that pro-
duction of his which are so very sound and con-
stitutional that I can safely trust them to answer
the whole volume, which is so utterly unsound
and indefensible. 1 have read and thought some
on this negro question. A stranger listening here
to-day might suppose that there was imminent
danger that the liberties of the white man were
about to be swallowed up in the devotion which
many manifest for the liberties of the black man .
I hope that occasionally the white man may be at
least heard on this floor. I had supposed, before
to-day, that there was a clear distinction between
Abolitionists and another class; but I am indebted
to the gentleman from Kansas for the discovery
to-day that in the dialect of Kansas negro-thief
and Abolitionist are synonymous terms.
Another portion of my friend's speech pays a
glowing and I doubt not well-merited tribute to
his constituents. I would not pluck one flower
from that wreath; all I can say is, that I think the
picture was not quite finished. I doubt not that
his gallant constituents deserve all, nay, more
than he has said in their favor; but I have this to
say, that perhaps no constituents were ever so
exceedingly fortunate in the selection of a Repre-
sentative. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will yield I will submit amotion to adjourn.
Mr. HARDING. I am a feeble man and not
in good health, and would thank the House to
adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. CONWAY. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion that I may make a personal explana-
tion?
Mr. HOLMAN. With the approbation of the
House, I withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. CONWAY. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fouke] in char-
acterizing the statement that the battle of Belmont
was a defeat as a falsehood, designed to make that
reproach personally applicable to me?
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Fouke] is not in his scat.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to say to the
gentleman from Kansas that he was the person to
decide in reference to the personality of the re-
marks of my colleague, [Mr. Focke,] and that it
should be settled elsewhere, and not here.
Mr. CONWAY. My simple object was to
know what he intended by his remark. I think
I understand the proprieties of this place as well
as others do, and I am not to be subject to the
dictation of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that this
debate is out of order.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL BUCHANAN.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have withdrawn from the
files certain papers filed by Lieutenant Colonel
Buchanan in reference to a claim for the infringe-
ment of a patent.
Mr. WASHBURNE. For what purpose ?
Mr. PENDLETON. To be used by him.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object, unless copies
arc left.
Mr. PENDLETON. They are not papers of
which copies ought to be left. They are mere
recommendations.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If they are part of the
records of the House, they should not be taken
i without having copies left.
Mr. PENDLETON. It was a petition filed by
the gentleman, and referred to the Military Com-
mittee at the last Congress, in which he claimed
compensation for a supposed infringement of a
patent, and also asked Government to purchase
| his patent. Accompanying that petition were a
j number of recommendations as to the value of
| the invention. Ho desires now, inasmuch as he
! cannot procure duplicates, to withdraw these
i recommendations.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The invariable rule of
the House in such cases is, that copies shall be
left. The House may hereafter want to see these
papers. They have been before a committee, and
