88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
may perhaps be made the basis of action by the
co'mmittec. I have no objection in this particular
case, but I want to have the rules of the House
conformed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I inquired of the Clerk
who had charge of them, whether these papers
were of that nature of which copies were ordi-
narily left. He replied they were not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 have no objection to
make in this case. I only indicate what the rule
of the House is.
There being no objection, leave was granted for
the withdrawal of the papers.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 16, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Hon. Waitman T. Willey, of Virginia, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, copies of the charges, testi-
mony, and finding of the recent court of inquiry
in the case of Colonel Dixon H. Miles, of the
United States Army-, which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Ho also laid before the Senate a letter from
Ward H. Lamon, marshal of the District of Co-
lumbia, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 9th instant, asking him by what authority
he receives slaves into the jail of the District of
Columbia at the request of their masters; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 11th instant, calling for information
whether any aid and what aid is rendered by the
pay department of the Army to enable volunteers
to transmit home any part of their pay, and what
additional facilities may be extended to that ob-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ICING. 1 present a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York,pray-
ing that the United States assay office, in the city
of New York, shall have conferred upon it the
privilege of coining into the national currency
such portion of gold and silver bullion as may be
deposited with the treasurer at that office for that
purpose. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the Committee on Finance; and the
motion to print will go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. KING. The memorial contains a good
deal of valuable statistical information, which I
desire should be in the possession of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print- goes to the Committee on Printing, under
the rules.
Mr. KING. It is only for the use of the Sen-
ate that I desire to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
may be entertained by the unanimous consent of
the Senate.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will consent.
Mr. HALE. Let it take the usual course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motiorn will
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. KING. The Senator withdraws his ob-
jection, I believe.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE presented the memorial of John
Brannan, praying compensation for services as
librarian in the Department of State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of E.
Fleischman, and sundry other citizens of the State
of Iowa, representing that, by the act of the 22d
of July, 1861, persons of the Jewish lineage and
persuasion are excluded from chaplaincies in the
Army, and they ask for a change of the law in
that respect. I ask that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. GRIMES. I also present the petition of
Edwin James, sr., and others, citizens of Des
Moines county, in the State of Iowa, who repre-
sent that the present formidable rebellion against
the General Government manifestly finds its root
and nourishment in the system of chattel slavery
at the South, and they therefore ask for enact-
ments by Congress by which it shall be abso-
lutely and unconditionally abolished. I ask that
the petition be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. GRIMES. I also present the petition of
E. H. Mack and others, citizens of Davenport,
Scott county, Iowa, who represent that the ho-
meopathic system of practice has the confidence
of the public in every community in the loyal
States, and its adherents are among the intelligent,
thinking classes, whose wealth and influence are
now given to the Administration in all its meas-
ures. They ask that their profession may be
represented in the list of surgeons in the United
States Army and Navy. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Feter
J. Blacker and others, citizens of the town of Islip,
New York, praying Congress, in the exercise of
the war power, to emancipate the slaves of rebels
without paying anything, and the slaves of loyal
citizens by paying for them; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John W.
Heins and others, citizens of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress in the exercise of the
war power to emancipate the slaves of rebels
without paying anything, and the slaves of loyal
citizens by paying for them; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also a petition from
citizens of the county of Windsor, in the State of
Vermont, in which it is set forth that the declared
objects«f the Constitution are to establish jus-
tice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to the people
of the United States and their posterity, and that
it is necessary at the present time to preserve the
Constitution and the Union by suppressing the
rebellion. The petitioners pray that Congress
will provide by law for calling on all the inhabit-
ants of the United States, of all conditions, bond
and free, to aid in the support of th'e Government,
assured of its protection under the flag of our
national Union and freedom. I ask that the peti-
tion bo referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also a petition, signed
by the Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts, and by
the leading editors of that city. I believelt is
similar to one already presented by the Senator
from Iowa, complaining of the existing statute in
regard to the chaplains as unconstitutional, and
asking for its repeal as an act of justice to the
Jewish citizens of the country. I ask the refer-
ence of this petition to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
11 was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Ross Wilkms and others, citizens of Michigan,
praying for the adoption of measures for the ex-
change of prisoners; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Austin Blair,
Governor of the State of Michigan, and seventy
others, praying for the adoption of measures for
the exchange of prisoners; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of the execu-
tive board of the Michigan conference, praying
that the President of the United States may be
authorized and required to proclaim the freedom
of all the slaves in the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
James F. Patten. D. C. Magoun, and others, cit-
izens of Bath, Maine, praying that the term of
the district court now held at Wiscasset, maybe
hereafter held at Bath; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of James
W. Beekman, John J. Cisco, and other citizens
of New York, praying for the enactment of a law
to provide for the proper management and remit-
tance of the allotments of pay which may be
made by the soldiers to their families; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petition of Mrs.
JaneB. Evans, praying for the renewal of a patent
for asafety guard; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the memorial of
Haym M. Salomon,praying indemnity and relief
for moneys advanced by his father, Haym Salo-
mon, to the Government during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of the
Board of Delegates of American Israelites, pray-
ing that the acts of Congress of July 22 and Au-
gust 2, 1861, may be so amended that there shall
be no discrimination as against professors of the
Jewish faith in the appointment of chaplains in
the service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. PI ALE presented the petition of Captain
John H.Aulick,United States Navy, asking that
certain deductions which have been made from
his pay may be allowed him; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the petition of Catherine Shepherd, widow of
George Shepherd, a soldier fn the war of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed a pension.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the petitions for amendment of the law
respecting pilots, and the papers relating to the same, on
the files of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on
Commerce.
OBJECT OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present a resolution, not
with a view to its immediate consideration, but
that it may be read, laid on the table, and printed:
Resolved, That the present war is for the Union, accord-
ing to the Constitution; that its object is to save the termer
and enforce the latter—was so in the beginning, is now as
carried on, and should be, to the last; that measures, ex-
treme and radical, disruptive in themselves, involving m a
common fate as well the loyal a^ disloyal, should not be
resoued to ; and that in ciu-iiingtreason—wide-.-piead and
hateful as it is—the Govermnentitself cannot prove traitor
to organic law.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
NAVAL PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of di-
viding among the loyal officers of the Navy that portion of
prize money which would have been distributed to di^Joyai
officers, but which has been withholden on account of their
disloyalty.
SLATES OF REBELS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* and the
Militia he in.-tiucted to inquire into the eYpedionrv and
pioptiety of establishing by law a uniform mod<* of d<-ahi!g
with the slaves of rebels escaping from their masters, or
taken as pnsoucia by our Anny.
COLLECTION OF DEBTS BY REBELS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prohibiting by
law all the aiders and abettors of the present wicked re-
bellion from bringing suits for the collection of debts in
any of the couits of the United States, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
WIDOW OF HON. E. D. BAKER.
Mr. "WILSON. I ask leave to submit a reso-
