2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
imprisonment; the robbery, assassination, and
murder of whole communities in East Tennessee;
and all this without even the suspicion of any
other crime than loyalty to the Government of the
United States.
But, sir, i have no inclination for such shock-
ing recitals. The whole South was literally
deluded with blood and assassination, until it
vomited from it everything that was like free
speech, a free press, or a free religion, and every
man who was known to be loyal to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. One universal pall of
unmitigated night of despotism settled down upon
all that vast, beautiful, but God-forsaken land.
And such was the condition of the Rcpublicat the
time when this address tells us " public liberty was
secure, privute rights undisturbed, every man's
house his castle, courts open to all, no passports
for travel, no spies, no informers, no bastiles, no
secret police, the right to assemble peaceably, the
right to petition, freedom of religion, freedom of
speech, a free ballot, a free press, and all this time
the Constitution maintained and the Union of the
States preserved."
I put these startling facts of fearful and bloody
history in contrast with the startling averments
of this address, not to aver or intimate that the
great mass of the loyal and patriotic Democracy of
the North are intentionally responsible for these
huge wickednesses, for they are not, and such an
assertion would be most unworthy and unjust.
But I do it in self-defense against the most reck-
less and unmitigated slander of this address, which
imputes the authorship of all these horrors and of
this ruin to those who elected and who support
this Administration; a ruin which they brought by
leaving" the Constitution as it is,"and by declin-
ing again to compromise away the Constitution,
under a threat of its destruction, at the bid of the
slave power. But I especially and emphatically
point to this history to say that that very south-
ern Demociacy, which held in its hand the powers
of this Government during these sixty years
boasted of in the address, and which controlled
the national Democracy, is responsible for and is
the infernal architect and author of all this hideous
ruin.
Here, Mr. Chairman, I leave the logic and the
veracity of this address to consider that other ac-
cusation which itcontuins,thatthe history of this
Administration " has been and continues to be a
history of repeated usurpations of power and of
violations of the Constitution and of the public
and private rights of the citizen." I shall con-
sider now but one, but that the most prominent,
specification usually pointed to in vindication of
this denunciation of the President. It is that he
has despotically and unconstitutionally deprived
the citizen of liberty.
Mr. Chairman, in England and America,in this
House and in the Senate, by the British minister
residing ut this Government, and by the London
Times, by Jefferson Davis and my colleague, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] thePresidentofthe UmtedStates
has been denounced as a tyrant and despot, be-
cause he has ordered certain conspirators engaged
in attempts to overthrow the Government to be
arrested and detained m military custody. And
my colleague proposes, by a bill now pending in
this House, to imprison the President of the United
States for not exceeding two years if he shall re-
peat the conduct of which he has been guilty in
the imprisonment of Merryman and his confed-
erates. And, sir, within a few days of the time 1
speak, in this House, this conduct has been de-
clared to be, in the opinion of most distinguished
members, illegal and arbitrary. These charges
and the grounds of them 1 propose to consider.
The importance of these considerations cannot
be overstated. They touch the heart of the Con-
stitution; and decided one way or the other, they
decide its Ufo. I shall make no apologies for at-
tempting to contribute my mite to what I deem
the correct conclusions touching it. I shall, there-
fore, procced without a single other preliminary
remark to the question which this bill involves,
to wit, to whom does the Constitution intrust the i
power of suspending the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus?
The clause which authorizes this suspension is
m these words:
" The privilege of the writ of kahcas corpus shall not be
HU.-pctKled unle^ when, in c.wu-  of rebellion and mv.njion,
he public £afofy may tequire it."
One class of opinion maintains that Congress
alone can suspend the <e privilege;" another that
the President may do so in the events stated in the
Constitution when it may be done. I maintain the
latter view, and proceed to consider, first, the ar-
guments in favor of the former class of opinions;
and second, those in favor of the latter.
The first argument generally presented ascrib-
ing this power exclusively to Congress is that
section nine of article two of the Constitution is
one exclusively devoted to restraints upon the
powers of Congress, and that it would be unrea-
sonable to suppose that one restraint upon the Pres-
ident's powers was wrested from its natural place
in the Constitution in that second article which
does relate to the President's powers, and was
placed in a family to which it did not belong of
the powers of Congress. Thisargumenf purports
to be based upon what is a sound rule of legal in-
terpretation, and which rule the law expresses in
its technical language by the termsnoscitar a sociis.
If the facts upon which the argument is based
were as they by this argument are assumed to
be, it would be a very strong argument against
the position I maintain. But it is singular that
an argument should be based upon a state of facts
which facts arc disproved by simply reading the
Constitution. This assumption of fact involves
in it a double error: first, in assuming that all the
other clauses of this section nine are prohibitions
on the powers of Congress; and second, in assum-
ing that theie is no othei quality belonging to this
clause as to the habeas corpus which makes it like
its fellows in the ninth section, and makes it,
therefore, proper to he placed where it is. Both
of these facts are assumed by this atgument, and
both arc refuted by simply reading the Constitu-
tion.
Now, it is plain that if this ninth section docs
contain one other clause than that under consider-
ation, which is a prohibition upon the arts and
powers of the Executive, then this one exception
totally annihilates the whole argument which is
based on this familylikeness;becauseit is simply
ridiculous to say that the framersof the Consti-
tution would put one prohibition upon executive
powers m this ninth section, but they would not
put two in it. All these arguments, based like this
one is, on associations of things similar, are de-
stroyed by the establishment of one cicarand ad-
mitted exception.
In this ninth section we find one clear and ex-
press prohibition upon the executive power, which
prohibits money from being drawn from the
Treasury except upon appropriations made by
law. Who draws money from the Treasury to
pay national liabilities? The President and his
ministers, of course. Who then are prohibited
from drawing except upon appropriations? The
Depaitrnent which is charged with the duty of
drawing, of course. Can anything be more self-
evident ?
But to got rid of this, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pe.vdleton] reads this clause in a twist. He
makes it read: " Congress shall have no power to
permit money to be drawn from the Treasury ex-
cept in consequence of appropi iations," which is
equivalent to saying thatCongiess shall not permit
money to be withdrawn unless it permits it; Con-
gress shall not appropriate money unless it shall
appropriate it. This reading, I submit, does not
bring this constitutional clause up to the dignity of
good nonsense. This clause has been repeatedly
held to be just what itis,to wit, a prohibition upon
all the custodians of the public money, whereby
they are prohibited from using, or, by contract or
otherwise, appropriating the public money, and
whereby all liens on such moneys are excluded,
and can be created by no executive act. The pro-
hibition is therefore decided to be upon the Execu-
tive. (See 3 Opinions, 13; United States vs. Bar-
ney; 3 Hall L. I., 130, &c.)
The argument, therefore, fails which assumes
that there are m the ninth section no prohibitions
on the executive powers, just bccause there are
such prohibitions.
The other assumption of fact upon which this
argument is based is, that this habeas corpus clause
has no other quality which makes it like the fam-
ily in the ninth section, and renders it proper to be
placed the'ie. It has such similar quality,and one
which is common to every one of the clauses m
this section—and n is fhe only qu.diiy uhuh is
common to them ail—v. hi- h is i'uu n, like cv ly
one of its fellows, is a negation or prohibition of
power. It is this common property of these clauses
which brought them together in one section, and
not the fact that they were all negations upon the
powers of Congress, as distinguished from the
negations upon powers of the other departments of
the Government. To say that the ninth section
contains no prohibitions upon the powers of any
department of the Government except Congress,
is to say that the President is not prohibited from
granting—as the English Crown may—titles of
nobility, because there is no prohibition upon
granting such titles except in this clause. It is en-
tirely evident that this section contains a collec-
tion of prohibitions of power which apply to all
the departments of the Government—President,
Congress, and all.
The same answer is to be made to the argu-
ment which assumes that the first article, in which
the habeas corpus clause is found, is devoted ex-
clusively to the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. The fact is not as the argument assumes
it is, and the argument fails when the fact does
upon which it is based. The tenth section of this
first article is devoted to prohibitions upon the
powers of the States, and the first clause of that
section contains ten distinct and express prohibi-
tions upon the powers of the States, and has no
earthly relation to the powers of Congress. Is
that not a most stiange argument which admits
that the framers of the Constitution have put ten
prohibitions of power into the first article of the
Constitution which do not touch the powers of
Congress, but argues that it is absurd to suppose
they would put eleven such prohibitions in it?
But if any further fact be required to show the
total worthlessness of the argument based upon
the position of this clause in the Constitution, that
fact is to be found m the history of the adoption
of the clause. Where was this clause placed when
it was adopted by the convention ? The answer
to that question, of course, shows the only sense
of the convention, whichis to be learned from the
connections they gave the clause. Now, the fact
is that the habeas corpus clause was, by the con-
vention, made as being a part of and limitation
upon the judiciary department of the Government.
Its history in the convention may be condensed
thus:
On the 29th of May, 1787, Charles Pinckney
(Elliot's Debates, p. 148) reported a " Plan of a
Federal Constitution," m the sixth article of
which, concerning the legislature, the habeas corpus
appeared in the convention for the first time in
these words:
" Tlie Legislature of the United States shall pass no law
on the subject of religion nor touching or abridging the jib-
Pity of tiic pres,-<, nor shall the ptxvilege of the wut of habeas
coipus evct be suspended, eveeprin ease of rebellion or
inva>ion."
This reported " plan" of Mr. Pinckncy never
came up again in the convention.
On the 2()th of August (Elliot's Debates,p. 249)
Mr. Pinckney moved several propositions to be
referred to the committee of detail, one of which
propositions was in these words:
"Tiic piivUesjcs and benefits of tile wiit of habeas corpus
■•shall be enjoyed in thi*Government m the mo*texpeditious
and ample manner, and shall not be suspended by thcLcgis-
latuifi cxcept upon tiic mo>t uigent and piecing" occasions,
and for a limited time, not exceeding months.'1
This was the sccond time a habeas corpus clause
was before the convention. On the 28th of Au-
gust (Elliot's Debates, p. 270) the convention was
engaged in receiving and considering independent
or new provisions, and also amendments to the
Constitution, which were then before the conven-
tion from the committee upon detail, and the ha-
beas corpus clause was brought up the third and
last time, when Gouvemeur Morris moved the
clause which was adopted and which is now a
part of the Constitution; and he moved it ex-
pressly, and it was by the convention adopted, as
an amendment to, and a pai t of the fourth section ot
the eleventh article ofthc Constitution which had
ou the 6th of August been reported by the commit-
tee offive. And this fourth section of the eleventh
article related to the judicial department of the
Government, and the fourth section to the place
of criminal trials, (Elliot's Debates, p. 229.) This
was the last act of the convention upon t his clause,
and this made it part of the judiciary article of the
Constitution.
The pieseuf position of tins clause was given io
if by a comnntiee "on style and atrnnyvmeuf
