1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
tioh of the national capital and the defence of the national
Government, I heieby authorize Edwin 1). Morgan, Gov-
ernor of the State of New Yoik, and Alexander Cumimngs,
now in the city of New York, to make all necessary ai-
rangements for the transpoitation or noops and munitions
ol war in aid and assistance of the ofiiceis ot the Army or
tlic United States until communication by mads and tele-
graph is completely reestablished between the cities of
Washington and New York. Euherofthem, in case of in-
ability to consult with the other, may exercise the authority
hereby given. SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of War.
Under the authority thus conferred, purchases of cloth-
ing, arms, and other supplies were made by me, and ships
were chartered to carry troops, &c.,to the gross amount of
$221,734 40, for winch \ have filed m the Treasury Depait-
ment vouchers in detail—a lull statement of all of which
was furnished to the committee m New York, in Septem-
ber last. And I told them at the same time that the rem.un-
der of the vouchers were in the hands of Mr. Blatchfoid,
for other puicha.ses made by my authouty, which would
complete the whole account. The balance m my ImiuU—
$3,193 62—was subsequently deposited with Mr, Cisco, the
Assistant Treasurer, at New Yoik, for which 1 have his
certificate; aeopyof which is hied in the Tiea->uiy De-
partment. The vouchers and certificates together amount
to $*2:24,9i28 01. The voucheis in the hands of Mr. Blatch
ford, which he had with him when here in Deeembei, and
ready to exhibit to the committee, as I assured them, with
a balance in his hands ot about eight thousand dollars—
since deposited with the United States Treasurer in New
York—amount to the sum of $165,071 09—making, alto-
gether, $390,000—-which was the total amount diawn from
that portion of the $2,000,000 placed in tin- hands of Messrs.
Dix, Blatchford, and Opdylce, subject to the draft ot Gov-
ernor Morgan and myself, for the purposes indicated m the
above letters.
The vouchers in the hands of Mr. Blatchf'ord, which I
have before stated the committee so unreasonably and i uth-
lesssly refused even to Ionic at, contained not only the au-
thority of the name ot Mi. Blatehloid himself, but most of
them are indorsed by the signatures of Moses II. Gnnneil,
Captain Charles II. Marshall, and Samuel Sloan, all alike
eminent tor their integrity and intelligent devotion to the
interests of the countiy. Many o  'he attieles whose put-
chase is thus indoihed by these voucheis weie boughtuudcr
the diiection ot Geneia! Wool and Gcneial Div ; and not a
small portion were directly puicluwd by Geneial Wads-
worth in person tor the pin pose of freighting tins steamer
ICill-voa Kull, which he scut forward with the-e stoics foi
the icliet of tin: Government; all of which the committee
would have soon it they had yielded tomv unpoitunitv and
called Mr. Blutchford ; and thus the whole question ol the
rightful expendituie ol all the money would have been dis
posed of.
It Is thus made evident, by authentic and well-attested
vouchers, that the money drawn Irom the two million tund
was honorably expended fm what was thought to he, and
really was, the necessity of the Government.
It is made equally evident that the statement of the re-
port—still mote plainly and otfensively lepeated in conces-
sional speeches by meinbeis ol the committee—thala huge
balance ot $140,000 was retained in my possession, is des-
titute ot the slightest semblance <>i shadow of limb ; the
only ground foi which, at any time, seems to have been a
singular nusappieheiision oran ingenious and willful altei-
atiou of the language ol my note to the committee, ,uid ap-
pended to m> testimony . The note, as wiitten to ihe nun-
mittee, and which is now in thru possession, is lifeiallv
and legibly as lollows. Mai kiln1 \\oid-:
11 Theie t clamed—undei authoi nv ol' the Secietaiy oft lie
Treasury—by Nessjs Dix. Blatehfoid, and Opd\ke, one
hundred and I'oity thousand dollar, besides what I have
stated in my testimony, which is accounted for bv the
voue.hers "
The ougmal draft of the note, still in my possession, is as
follows: *
"There was retained—under authority of the Secretary
of the Treasury—by Messrs {)i\. Blaiehford, and Opdyke,
one hundred and foiiy thousand dollifl-s, besides what I have
stated in my testimony, which is accounted lui by the
vouchors."
ill copying it very hastily for the committee, I seem to
have omitted the woid '-wris;'' but the leasi intelligent
reader would m an in-iant have supplied it, and, indeed,
without it the meaning is entnely plain.
The committee, in their lepoii, pruned it as follows, and
founded upon then veisiou «in aigumcntthat i had pos-.es-
hiou ol .$MU,0(K) Their whole line ol aignment and inju-
rious deductions mints based upon an alteration of my Ian
guage;
"I have lemmed, under authority of the t^e.-ietan of
the Treasury, by Messi>. l)i\, Blatchfoid, and Opdyke,
$140,000, beside* what i have stated in my tosiimonv.
whielus accounted foi by the vouchers.'' " " (
It will thus be m'cii that, in changing the word " thorc"• j
to the woids u I have," the repoit not only i educed the Ian 1
guage of the note to an abstirditv, but, so f,u a- it lelt any I
meaning in it at all, it changed the d"poMtory of the #140.000 I
trom Messrs. I)i v, Blatehloid. and Opdyke (by w bom ii wa- <
held by pioperauthorityj to nivself: who, ueeoiditi" to then '
insinuation-,, ietained it without vouchers cu an\ character i
whatever. " !
Butaside from, and mdependentlyof, this ciitioal expo- !
sition ol the alteiation of my language hytneaiuhoi ot the I
report, from wnuh I have been suffenug, 1 have happ'ly j
at command official papeis sustaining, in whole and in de- I
tail, my statement on this point—all o; which 311 Blatch- j
lord would have exhibited to the committee it he had been ,
allowed to appeal beiore. them. h
The original deposit of the $0,000,000 m New Yo  k In
Secretatv Chase, (made upon theomcial requisition ot the
Secretuiy ol War and Smttmy ot the Navy foi .<.1,000,000
each,) and the authorization, bv Secictaiy Camci'on toiwc
that portion appiopiiated to tin- War Dcpaitment. weie pio-
eedures crowing out of the nnpei ion* necessity of the hour
and justified by tins neeessiu. a-at least paitialK conceded
by the committee in their icport. When th" exigency was
removed, by the reestablishment ofcommunication between
the loyal States and the capital, the deposit of the money
was veiy properly withdrawn by Secretary Chase, as will
be seen by the following letter:
Treasury Department. May 6,1861.
Gentlemen: Regulai communications with'New York
having been established, although not as frequent nor as
rapid as heretofore, thus removing the absolute necessity
which existed on the 24th of April last for special disburs-
ing officers in the city of New York, and refeiring to my
letter of instructions of that date, 1 request that such sum
as may be remaining in your hands of the amount of
$2,000,000 advanced to you on that date, to meet legal and
proper demands upon the Treasury, may be deposited with
the Assistant Treasurer at New York to the credit of the
Treasurer of the United States; and that you will, as early
as practicable, render your account, with the vouchers, to
this Department, that the same may be promptly settled.
There, is no doubt that your repoit. when received, will
be entirely satisfactory, and that your pioeeedings will be
lound to have been in accordance with the high estimation
entertained of you by ibis Department
You will please consider this as a revocation of the au-
thoi ity given in mv letter of the 24th ultimo, and accept the
thanks of this Department for youi patriotic service*,.
I am, very respectfully, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury'
Messrs. Ptx, Blatciiford, and Opdyke, New York.
To which Mes&rs. Dm, Blatchford, and Opdyke replied,
stating that theie were outstanding obligations amounting
to about one hundred and forty thousand doilais, which
amount they had retained, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Iii lejoinder, these gentlemen received the following tel-
egraphic communication:
WASHINGTON, Mai/ 11.
Your losoivation of fund to meet requisition of War De-
partment, through Mr. Cummmgs. approved.
P. CHASE,
Secrctuiy of the Treasury.
ft was to this sum, and to the action m i elation to it, that
1 leferrcd in my note, so strangely gai I led and misused, i
tefeired to it because it was in addition to what had been
at fiist e.xpendcd, as I discoveied on examining my papers,
having cnilenvoti'd in rain to iiuhtre the committee to allow
me to fm m&h them the vouchers and papos, instead of icly-
i g on my lecollcction; and 1 vviotc the note that theie
might not be the nppuaianct: of an omis-ion. But the note
slated, in iclation to it. that this sum u it accounted for by
the vouchei-.," winch seemed to lender it imposMble <oi
any nnsappiehension; and [ think now that no fan mind
could have misapprehended it, and ccitamly no honest mind
would have altered it.
All these iaets. so perspicuous, so undeniable, ami so
conclu-iive, as to the nghtlul retention and appropriation
of ihe ,-$140.000—with the knowledge and sanction ot the
authouties of the Government—could have been had by
the eomnutteu if they had been willing even to hear the
testimony of Mr Blatchford, who hud all the papers ne-
ees-.aiy to a full undemanding of the case, as pieviously
stated.
it should be rimnMnbeicd that, during all my inteiviews
with the members of the committee, I had not the remotest
idea of what, they were about to complain oi. 1 was nevei
once a^ked to explain a s) II ible about the {$140,000, nor wa3
u hinted to me ib.it that \v;i< a question in their minds ; and,
indeed, I had been assured tii.it they had 110 &euuus com-
plaint to make air.iitM me.
The simple statement of thes-c facts convicts the com
mittee ol such gross and reckless inpwiee, that I do not
feel called upon to -lamp it oi ehauie'ten/e it with the do-
sci ved and appiopnate epubets.
II it be alleged tli.it tins alteiation of which f complain
was a mistake, unwitlinuly and not willfully made ; then, I
ask. why did not the committee recall me. to asceit.iin the
meaning ot the note which their alteiation had icduced to
ik>msciim> ; oi, woise still, why did they lefuso so pertina-
ciously to hear Mr. Blntehlord, whose .statement I asaiued
them would make t ver\ thing p.-rfee tly plain?
Is n too much to say that, however the alteration may
have been made ongmally, the committee, by their subse-
quent conduct tow.ud me, and by the argument ot the re-
port, made it willfully then own?
In furihei evidence that this authority to act m New Yoik
was legarded as only tcmpoiaiy, and resulting tiom a pe-
etili.u CMgency. the following letter was uddre-.-.ed bv See-
ret.nj C.imeiou to Gnvemoi Motiran and myself at the same
tune with the lettei of Sccreiaiy Chase, withdrawing the
deposit:
War drr vutment,
Washington, May'/, 3861.
Gentlemen: The extraordmai> emeigeuey, which de-
manded immediate and decisive measures tor the preserva-
tion of the national capital, and the defense of the national
(iovermnent. lendeied it nece-saiy for thi> Department to
adopt ovtraordiiiai) means for that puiposc; and having
lull confidence m join intelligence, expeuencc, and integl
ntj*,\ou weie autbouzed to make all necessary hiiange-
ments lor the tiansportatiou of tioop>, &c., tn aid and as-
sistance ot the otiiceis ot theAimyof the United States,
until the ree-t.ibli-hmont of communication, by mails and
telegraph, between the cities of j\jew Yoik and Washington.
Uninterrupted communication between the two cities
being now again established, and itbenig desunble that the
duties heieto'oie attended toby you should be heieafter
performed by the <ffliceis ot the Auny, to whom they piop-
eily belong, 1 beg to tender you the thanks ot this Depart-
ment foi the veiy prompt and efficient munmn m which
j on have dischaiged the duties assigned you, and to icquest
\ou to cease making purchases, pioeftre tt.uisporls, or at-
tendmi? to otliei duties undei authority given, which could
In- justified only by the emergency, and now happily no
longer evistmg.
Respectfully jours, SIMON CAMERON,
Secretary of Il'ar. !
Governor E D-Morgan, and Alexander Cumminus, Esq., >
New York Citv. ' ' 1
I have thus, by a plain statement of facts, accompanied
by official documents from the Treasury and War Depart-
ments, disposed of the principal calumny of the report. In
looking back over the history of the last few months, it
seems really marvelous that any portion of the public could
have believed so preposterous a story—which has been so
industriously circulated through the agency of this report-
as that the large sum of $140,000 of the public money would
have been allowed by the vigilant and honest head of the
Treasuiy Department to remain in any hands unaccounted
for.
I have this satisfactory reflection: that, notwithstanding
the criticisms of the committee abouttheloosenessof these
transactions, and the accounts pertaining to them, they
never could have been taken up for settlement without a
perfect vindication of my character tn relation-io the whole
affair. My note, as altered, might have remained unex-
plained, but nothing else. The facts and figures are in
proper order, and would speak for themselves in all time,
with or without my pio&ence, and so I assured my friend,
to whom 1 have alluded m the first part of this letter, who
was alarmed for my sake, by the i umor that seemed to have
leaked out of the committee.
I might close here, but for the labored attempt of the com-
mittee, while admitting, in language, the integiity of my
purpose, yet attempting by insinuation to fix a stigma upon
me tor some of the minor acts connectcd with the execu-
tion of my triibt. Of these, the one most harped upon is the
purchase of linen pantaloons and straw hats for the troops.
It is not alleged that a high price was paid lor these articles;
on the coritiary, it is well known that they were purchased
at a very low rate—being about ninety cents a pair for the
pantaloons, and sixteen cents a piece for the hats. The most,
tlietel'ore, that can be charged in this affair, and others of
similar character, is an erroi of judgment. On that point
I am not sensitive; but I may be excused for still believing
that large bodies of men, suddenly transferred from the
northeily clinics of Miune and Michigan, where the chill of
winter was still upon them, to a latitude where the heat was
ranging from seventy-five to eighty degrees, would find great
relief and comfort, and, indeed, an exempt-ion from the
darigei of sudden overheating and sun-stroke—many cases
ot which actually occuired—by the seasonable clothing thus
provided. Thc-e men were not soldiers, in the technical
sense of that teim, long inured to woolen uniforms, but
they weie volunteers fiom all the walks of life ; and in New
York, and in Washington also, at that time, it was thought
sensible to piovide for ihem such clothing as in similar
climate they would provide lor themselves. Thev were fully
the equals of, living in like manner with, the members of
this committee, .ulapfmg their clothing to the change of the
seasons—a fact which secins to have been utterly forgotten
by the committee.
The eagerness with which the aitides in question were
sought by the troops—who would have been glad to pur-
chase them at the price they weie piocuied b> the Govern-
ment—may be quoted as some proof of the wisdom of the
purchase. They weie no more outside of the Army legu-
iation ihan the purchase of winter gloves for the soldiers on
picket duty. The committee, it is lair to piesume, from
their action on this question, would let the soldiers' fingers
freeze fast to their musket-locks latbei than have a sound
discretion excicised in such an emeigency. So much for
that large point which occupies a considerable portion ot
the repoit, and whose vast impoitance has called foith
spceche- in both Houses of Congress.
With icgaid to the puiehase of ale, about which so much
is said, the same chaiactei of reply, to some extent at least,
may be made. No one will deny "that it might have been
made useful both m the hospitals and out of them J and T
doubt not it was used advantageously. But if it were not,
it is suiely no fault of mine.
The accusations of the report do not stop with those mat-
ters with which 1 was connected, but theiic seems to he a
desire to drag me into otheis with which I had no connec-
tion wiiatevci. Of these, the most unjustifiable is the in-
sinuation that 1 had some connection with the. chartering ot
the steanK'i Cataline—an insinuation made indiieetly, but
significantly, after 1 had on oath avei red that 1 had no con-
nection whatever, in any way, direct or indirect, with that
steamer, nor even knowledge of its ownership or chattel.
I lepeat that averment m the most emphatic and unquali-
fied maunet. This aveiment is in no way affected by the
note which the committee publish, showing that I bad or-
dered freight on boatd of the Cataline. She had been char-
tered by Colonel Tompkins, United States Cluaiteunastcr
at N'ew Yoik, as the committee a^cci tamed, and I told them
that it was veiy hkelv some of the articles 1 had pincliased
were foi wauled by liei, because they were sent b\ any ves-
sel that was in the semee and ready to go. In the note
which tiie committee paiade, in connection with this t>ub-
jcet, two other vessels are named as well as the Cataline—
the Hoanoke and Chesapeake—as having freight on board
from me, and I have not, to this hour, the lemote&t idea of
who owned them then or now. noi who chaitmed them for
ttie Government; and I knew no more of the Cataline than
I knew of them. It was not at all necessaiy, nor haidly
even within my province, to inquire who owned or char-
tered them.
Without going fuither into detail upon the various mat-
teis embiaccd m the icport ot the committee, I content
myself with the declaiation that the money expended by
myself and those with whom I was associated, was dis-
bursed economically and wi«elv; and that m the whole
vast outlay that has attended tin.- war, in no instaiu e has
the Government more truly or mote fully got its money's
worth, or the disbursing agents moie s-t: ictly and conscien-
tiously dischaiged then oneious duties. And if is ptoper
to add that veiy little was done towatd the salety of the
Government in its gieat cmeigeney, except through this
piovision of its officei s above alluded to, and the action of
the city of New Yoik, through the Union Defense Com-
mittee.
As an evidence and in illustiation of the cute used m the
expendituie ot the funds provided foi this emeigency. I may
pioperlycitc one mstam-e out ot iii-invciM.- thai ocemred :
doting the petiod alluded to. the Government decided, t
think m Cabinet meeting, to purchase the steamer Atlantic,
