30SO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
individual wealth and prosperity which should
be the end and aim of all municipal government.
New York as a State cheerfully bears the burden
' of §30,000,000 canal indebtedness that the hum of
industry may increase along the great avenues of
her improvements, and the alluvial deposits of the
great West be transformed into food for the mil-
lion.
The question presented to us is this: can the
nation's safety be allowed to follow in the wake
ofeven the expanding development of the Empire
State? Shehasalreadyexpended$45,000,000upon
these works purely for purposes of commerce and
trade. Every dollar of that expenditure can be
made immediately and profitably available for pur-
poses of national defense. It is all offered freely.
The proposition is simply to avail ourselves of all
that expenditure without remuneration, if by so
doing we can better than otherwise subserve our
own purpose of defense. If, by an expenditure
of $3,500,000, we accomplish a ship canal through
which guiiboats can be floated from the ocean to
the great lakes, and from the lakes back to the
ocean, the result will be a woik worthy of the
age and of the genius of our people, costing
§48,500,000, of which the State of New York alone
will have contributed $-15,000,000, and yet as com-
plete for our purpose as if we had furnished the
whole. Locally, it is a matter of comparatively
small concern to the State of New York; nation-
ally, it is a matter of equal concern toiler, the great
West, and all New England.
We know what the interests are to be protected.
Nobody will deny the necessity end duiy.of ren-
dering t fiat proteViion. I tow shall it be'done?
Laying aside all considerations arising from a
condition of internal insniiection, such as is now
raging in our midat, and looking only to cose of
foreign aggression, ami tlint from the only Power
collision with which would affect the lakes, and
collision with which Power can in no manner be
averted so thoroughly as by careful preparation,
I ask, candidly ami set iously, how is our northern
frontier to be protected m case of a war with Eng-
land? I trust that day of destructive war may
never come; but if it ever does, God grant that a
prudent foresight- may have enabled us in time ot
peace to make that preparation through which we
may obtain indemnity tor the insults of the past
century, iiml security against insult lorn century
to come. The people of this country will not con-
sent that the exposed cities of the northern fron-
tier mid the vast and unprotected, and at present
defenseless commerce < | the lakes, shall forever
invite nggreNsinn from a I'ower the ibunthisof
whose pirss hui give vent to the uiikitnliiess ol'its
Government, whoae ambition is bound up in us
nmo rial iiueivsis, mid whose late attitude of de-
fi uiee spi nug w hnl iy Inn a a couheiousness ot'a In I-
ity to Intuit. Prmi-cted on the lakes, there is not
n nalioii in die world so ini'iilnerithli! from foreign
attack; unprotected lhrir,noi one to which tin:
first cl.is.li of arms would result m such over-
whelming loss.
By treaty stipulations those lakes are open to
c.otomeree only. With ihe faith becomingu great
uehiou we have observed the stipulations of that
tmny in letter and spiiit, England in letter only.
What ia it to her that by ihe provisions of that
• roaty neither nation can maintain ships of war
upon the hikes when, tbtough the lnstrumental-
t'y of her canals, it is inmulerml whether her
sii.iniui boats UK! riding a! anchor befoic Poils-
rooitth or Toronto? Paper blockades hate been
long suite diseatded. In case of war with ling-
'and, wc shall find poor protection in our paper
defense. Ten days from ihe entry ofher fleet into
Luke Ontario would suffice to lay a thousand miles '
Ot frontier at her mercy, to place Ogdcnsbtiw, i
O;uvo;o, Luftiilo, Erie, Cleveland, Detroit, Mil- I
uaukco, and GIiku^o under contribution, to strike J
with paiaiysis our whole inland commerce, and j
to sweep tioi.i existence, a lake marine the source ■
at once of our national wiah'i and national life. |
* !:c 11 lends ot this bill ask from the national Gov- i
eminent only what they have a right to demand \
—-national protection. I repeat the question, how j
siuui mat protection be accorded? Pending* the I
existence of the treaty, there is no possible mode i
except as piovided by this bill. . j.
But we will suppose that, imtrammeled by jj
special treaty stipulations, we are legislating with- ;l
out regard to temporary impediments, with a sole ii
viuw to the most pej maneut, efficient,and econom- ::
ical defense. The theories of naval warfare are at
present almost lost to view in the smoke of mod-
ern invention and practical experiment. Whether
wooden ships, by reason of greater size and speed,
shall be able to maintain a permanent position in
future navies, is immaterial. One thing is settled:
that armored boats will. The single experiment in
Hampton Roads has established that fact. Nor is
it material to what extent, if at all, the system of
land fortifications may bo affected by this change
in the capacity for resistance developed by iron-
clad boats. 1 anticipate no considerable disturb-
ance in the relations heretofore existing between
batteries afloat and ashore, inasmuch as the capa-
city of the former for resistance can be indefinitely
compensated for by the enlarged projectiles of the
latter. I shall assume, therefore, that in any event
the necessary fortifications are to be constructed
and strengthened to meet the requisitions of mod-
ern naval construction. But our commerce is still
afloat and every city upon the frontier exposed to
destruction in spite of impregnable fortifications,
without a cooperating fleet. So far as the lakes are
concerned, whatever may be the result upon the
ocean, the character of their naval marine is for-
ever settled. No wooden frigate will ever be built
to fight or rot upon their fresh shore-bound wa-
ters. England has already fixed the character of
her means of warfare, by canals uniting the St.
Lawrence with the whole tier of lakes, capable of
floating a gunboat of one hundred and fifty feet in
length, thirty in width, and drawing seven feet of
water. They aresubstantially sufficient in draught
for any boat that can pass through the St. Clair
liver. So that practically, without an expendi-
ture of a dollar otherwise than would have been
prompted by ordinary statesmanship, for the de-
velopment of the material resources of her great
colonial empire, her western colonies are at all
timesupon a war footing, impossible to have been
obtained by any outlay which the possession of
the colonies would have warranted, had such ex-
penditure been confined to the construction of na-
vies upon the individual lakes.
In what condition are we to meet this politic
and thorough armament? Take, for instance, Lake
Ontario. The Fails of Niagara cut it off fiom all
communication with the upper lakes on the west;
the St. La wrence in the hands of a foreign nation
shuts it oft' from all communication with the ocean
on the east.. W ithin a day's march of its south-
ern shore, and along its entire length, floats ncon-
tinuous line of bonis bearing through the Erie
canal ihe pioduc.tions of the fertile West, and
rinse by it ia the line of tiie New York Genual
lailroiul, the principal line^of travel and business
coimnuiiieaiion for those engaged in this carrying
tiade. To England it is but an arm of the se.f;
to us a land-locIced lake, where the increase of our
commerce and the growth of our cities in time of
peace but invite aggression in time of war.
Aside from the plan proposed, there is but one
possible mode for defense, and that is to build a
special navy for that particular lake. I leave gen-
tlemen for themselves to calculate the cost of the
erection of the necessary workshops, and of the
expenditure requisite for the construction and
maintenance of a fleet of even tolerable propor-
tions for the purpose designed. Gut we must fur-
ther hear in mind that insufficient preparation is
worse than none. In such case, when the antici-
pated crisis comes, not only is the whole venture
lost but individual interests, which had relied upon
the appearance of public protection, are taken un-
a wares and swept away also. Unless we can make
a^n efficient defense we had better make none, and
mat is efficient only which can cope with the whole
mauno of England capable of passing through
toe locks of the St. Lawrence. To state the prop-
osition, then, of such an undertaking, is to com-
pel its abandonment. While England relied upon
tne navy-yards of Canada, we could afford to reiy
upon those of onrown frontier. When she opened
an access to the ocean, and to the liavy-yaida of
I lymouoh and Portsmouth, she compelled us to
follow bet-example, or abandon forever the claim
to equality upon that great sea of trade, except
by sufferance in time of peace.
Let us not deceive ouiselves, nor attempt to
deceive others, respecting so vttai an interest, by
any catch-wol ds of the past relative to internal im-
provements. If the work proposed by the pend-
ing bill, by the necessities of its own condition,
inures as a work of improvement to the industry
of the country, it is purely but happily incidental.
If any Representative upon this floor can show
that in any other manner the same result can be
produced by the same expenditure, so that the
money, as regards industrial pursuits, shall be
thrown away, and no incidental benefit be in any
way possibly derived fiom it to the business in-
terests of the country, 1 will cheerfully vote with
him to enact his proposition into law, provided a
majority of this House refuse to sustain the rec-
ommendation of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs for the reason that their scheme in volves such
great advantages. 1 seek only military protection.
I am entirely opposed to any general or special
expenditure of the national resources within any
Stateforthe purposesofits internal improvement.
Such projects are utterly foreign to the purposes
of our General Government, and when entered
upon tend to demoralization and corruption.' No
dollar of the public funds, directly in money, or
indirectly in the shape of public lands, has ever
contributed to the great works of improvement of
New York. She asks none now. She simply
offers us the full benefit of all she has so wisely
accomplished. We can avail ourselves of it, or
let it alone. Resting, as all her institutions do,
upon the firm foundation of a free, educated labor,
with ample provisions for intellectual education
and moral advancement, with facilities for foreign
and inland commerce commensurate with the ad-
vantages of her geographical position, she asks
but the protecting shield of the Federal Union to
rise still higher in the scale of empire.
We are reduced then to the simple extremity of
an abandonment of all attempt at an ascendency
upon Lake Ontario, or to an acceptance of the
provisions of this bill.
The importance of maintaining an equality at
least upon that lake may be best illustrated by the
importance attached to it by our Canadian neigh-
bors. TheToronto Globe,in an issue during the
excitement of the Trent affair, says:
" The Duke of Wellington has recorded it as Ills opinion
that uuless we [meaning Great Britain] retain possession
ot Lakes Chainpliun, Ontiuio, and Erie, tile best laid plana
for the detense of the piovmces may fait."
The Globe then remarks:
" What can tie done at this season of tile year to place a
fleet of gunboats on Lake Cliaiitplain, we leave it to our
fuend.- below to say. We have vory considerable facilities
lor the western lakes. Kingston is (unified sufficiently to
resist any attack the Ameneanscan make, and undercover
Of tlifilr gluts, before spang opuis, we might have boata
enough, which, together with those we shall receive from
Engl.uid, would sweep everything before them on Lake
Ontaiio."
The very truth here stated imposes upon us a
double duty for immediate and efficient action. If
the possession of the lakes be, as it obviously is,
so necessary to England that without it the best
laid plans for the defense of the provinces may fail,
then to us notonly is such possession equally im-
portant to carry out the best laid plans for the pro-
tection of our commerce and frontier, but by lay-
ing the provinces thus at our mercy, we reverse
the existing order of things, and place ourselves
lelatively in the position now occupied bv Ene-
land. J b
I have referred specially to Lake Ontaiio not
because of its greater importaticein a general point
of view—for commercially itis less so than those
which he beyond it—but because itis to England,
through the St. Lawrence and the Wclland canal
the. key to the whole chain of lakes, and therefore
its possession, in a military point of view a pri-
mary consideration. There is this further reflec-
tion, that m case of war with England, the Welland
canal and the St. Lawrence being in the posses-
sion of the enemy, there is no escape for whatever
Shipping we may have on Lake Ontario, and it
must be defended there or abandoned. The duty
of providing for Lake Erie and the upper lakes is
of couise increased in proportion to the magnitude
of t.ie interests at stake, and neither lias a sepa-
rate interest as against the other. Their import-
ance is a common one, and is derived mainly from
their connection with the agricultural productions
of the West.
That, through the operation of the pending bill
not only equality upon the lakes, but absolute su-
premacy for many years to come, may be secured
at a trifling outlay will be admitted by any candid
man upon a moment's reflection. The marine of
England is an ocean marine. Her commerce is
a foreign, and not an inland one. Her armored
