1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
then in the public service, under a charter made by regular ;
officeis of the Annv ? and I was authorized, and, indeed, !
almo?>t insuueted. bv a teU'siaplnc dispatch, to purchase >
her for the bum of *350,000—the pi ice named in her char- :
ter—at which the Government had a rignt to purchase. I
received the dispatch Kite in the evening of Satuiday. the
4th of May, stating that her charter would expire the next
day, which was Sunday. It had evidently been represented
to'the Government by parties who weie in Washington,
that it wa-> important that the ptivilege to purchase pro-
vided for in the chai ter should be taken advantage of. Alter
obtaining what lnfounation I could, f decided not to make
the purchase, and so repotted to {he War Department, m-
fotimug the Secretary that the vessel had not long before
been offered at a much lower price, and probably would be
n«ain s>o offered if not bought now. I understand that she
has subsequently been offered to the Government for about
two hundied and fifty thousand dollars, making an actual
saving, if it is* still thought wise to putehase her, of a. sum
equal to one fourth of all the money I expended during the
daik and perilous period .that followed the memorable lJtli
I have now done. I have spoken in self-defenso. I have
spoken plainly, as is my light, and the right ot evciy man
unjustlv assailed. 1 have not haishly characterized the
lepoit, but I have j-ho\vn,by official and iriefiagable proot,
tho ground!Ct-sno«s of it-" chat and insinuations as anect-
ing the ttan^actiotis with which 1 wa> connected. I do
not doubt, indeed I have the utmost confidence in. the per-
sonal liouestv and candor of certain member- ot the com-
mittee; and I feel as^ned that, upon a review of all the
fact-, in the case, they will be alike anxious to vindicate me
tiom the as-peihion.-, wluch they have unwittingly assisted
in heaping upon me, and to relieve themselves of the in-
justice which, peihaps tlnough im-apprehcnsion and haste,
they have, in the face of the couiitiy, committed against a
citizen of whom they can justly allege no wrong. 1 have
given a complete and impaitial, though necessauly biief,
statement of this whole tiansaction, m reply to the report
of the committee, by which I liavo been made to sutler so
unjustly. J have made it without resentful impulses, for
which,"if I had been deposed to indulge them, there is
ample scope. But l piefer to make no retoits, and have
only to say, m conclusion, fiat justitia.
I am, as ever, yours truly,
ALEXANDER CUMMINGS.
Washington, February 25, 1862.
Mr. KELLEY. I have now only to thank my
colleague for his courtesy, and the committee for
its attention.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Chairman, I thank you
for giving me tho floor. I would not willingly let
pass tho sentiments which have just been uttered
by my colleague [Mr. Morris Davis] without
opposing to them sentiments which are, I believe,
more churactenstic of the conservative people
whom he and I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent upon this floor.
As a citizen of the border State of Pennsylva-
nia, the views in which I have been bred in rela-
tion to the institution of slavery have been tem-
perate, and, 1 hope, just. It has not been to me an
exciting subject, as it is to many with whom I am
associated 111 this House; for to some gentlemen,
very calm in their judgment on all other matters,
the mere word "slavery" seems to have much
tho same effect that a red rag has on a bull.
I have never been blind to tho disadvantages
and evils of slavery; 1 have not been indifferent
to their alleviation by practical, constitutional
means; yet I have ever regarded the intemperate
and aggressive policy of the political anti-slavei y
party to be as sterile of benefit to the negio as it
has been disastrous to the peace, the prosperity,
and unity of our country.
This war lias brought us, at last, to see that
there is a broader question than the "slavery ques-
tion," though it is commonly preferred to narrow
the discussion down to that. But, now the mattei
•is brought home to us, we find that there is a
" negro question," vast and complex and embar-
rassing, even if slavery were blotted out of ex-
istence. 1 • 1 u i
From the earliest times, Pennsylvania has had
her mode of treating these questions._ Originally
a slaveholdmg State, she adopted, in ]7b0,the
policy ofgradual emancipation, extending it, how-
ever, only to the future-born children of the skives
then living; these children were to receive then
freedom at the age of twenty-eight years. _
This great measure was the product of univer-
sal public sentiment, and was perfectly consistent
with the general interest; to effect it, no pressure,
no compulsion from without was directed against
our people. Had there been, from what I know
of th'eir tempcrTshould judge that slavery would
have existed amongus to this day. As it was, the
last slaves died out within the recollection ot tlie
voungest man upon this floor.
By our common law, however, the negro had
never been a citizen; so our highest court decided;
and when the point was controverted, the people
settled it definitely by amending the constitution,
so that to be a " white" man is one of the neces-
sary constitutional qualifications of the elector.
On our statute-book, at this very day, is our
State fugitive slave law, far older than the acts of
Congress on that subject; nay, older even than
the clause in the Constitution of the United States
providing for the return ot fugitives.
You perceive, sir, that Pennsylvania could have
little excuse for joining in the insurrections against
the fugitive slave law, or against the judgment of
the Supreme Court of the United States denying
citizenship to the negro, since wo have ourselves
furnished the precedents for both the statute and
tho decision. _ *
In our just indignation againstthe presentvast
rebellion, let us not entirely forget that in too many
of the northern States a chronic rebellion against
distasteful constitutional obligations has existed
for many years.
In Pennsylvania, our distinctive school of abo-
lition has been marked by the mild benevolence of
oui venerable Society of Friends, whose Christian
charity embraced both the master and-the slave;
let it not for one moment be confounded with the
cut-throat philanthropy, whose emblems are the
torch and the pike, which lias canonized John
Brown as a saint of the church in which the negro
is worshipped. You will rarely find in full mem-
bership in it a man born and bred upon the soil
of Pennsylvania.
From that church lam an open dissenter; I differ
wholly from those who look upon the present as
a " golden hour;" who regard it with exultation
as the dawn of a black millennium. In me their
hopes and schemes inspire disgust and horror.
An eminent member of the dominant party
has promulgated his scheme for carrying on this
war. He lias promulgated it in many essays and
speeches, to one of which parliamentary usage
permits me to refer, since it was not made in his
place in the Senate. Tie would not, it seems, trust
to the valor of our armies and the skill of our gen-
erals. We are, like tho ancient Britons, to call
in an ally to fight our battles for us; our ally is to
be-—the negro.
Southern men, it is said, fight and let the negro
till the ground; we arc to reverse this order. The
negroes are to do our fighting for us; a million of
them are to constitute our army ! In this pam-
phlet of Mr. Sumner the black muster-roll is given.
He says in his speech to tho Republican conven-
tion at Worcester:
" Careful calculations demonstrate that of tllii number
them ate upwards of one million of an njre loi* military ser-
vice; that in Vngiiua alone there are 12I,jt>4 male slaves
of an age for military seivice."
If the distinguished gentlemen from Missouri
and Kentucky wish to know the number of these
black champions of the civil liberies of white men
in their rcspectivc States, they will find it set down
here In conclusion, Mr. Sumner asks tais ques-
tion :
  Can tuc affotd to i eject this natural alliancc, inspired by
a common interest and consecrated by humanity
A noble lord once urged in the British Parlia-
ment the employment of the Indians against the
British colonists in America. He said, this noble
lord, that " it was perfectly justifiable to use all
the means which God and nature had put into oui
hands." Then, sir, the great Chatham rose and
blasted him with an eloquence that has become
immortal:
« That God and nature put into our hands ! ] know not
what idea*1 of God and nature tli.it noble lord may enter-
tain • but I know that such detectable prmcipl(v are equally
abho'rient to religion and humanity._ i^uch notions shock
everv piecept of 11101 alit y5 cvejy feeling ot humanity, t.\ cry
sentiment ol honor.
"Theac abominable principles, and this more abomina-
ble avowal of them, demand the niosulecisive indignation.
I call upon that leveiend and tins most learned bench to
vindicate the i.-hiiion of their God, to support the justice of
their country.'' * . ' * * •' 1 invoke the
senium of the constitution. _
To ^nd forth the mereilu-s cannibal, thirsting for blood,
whom? Yom Piotestaut brethren ! To lay waste
ihW oountrv, to desolate then dwellings, and extirpate
thru- iaec and name bv the aid and instrumentality of the^e
hell-hound* of wai. I solemnly call upon your loidships,
and upon ovety order of men in the State, to stamp upon
this infamous proeeduie the indelible stigma ot the public
abhonenee."
Sir, you will remember, too, that it is the stand-
ill"- reproach of American history against George
IH that lie called in the Hessian against his Brit-
ish subjects. Yet we are to call in the negro.
Mr. Sumner asks us, "can we afford to reject
this natural alliance ?" Why, if, indeed, with our
twenty millions we cannot cope with six; if it is
we who are in danger of extermination,.then, per-:
haps, we cannot afford to reject the alliance with
the negro. A French marshal once smothered his.
enemies—men, women, and children—in a cave;
and when he was arraigned before the public opin-
ion of tlie world, he pleaded " necessity."
Now, sir, no man can set limits to necessity,
and no human intelligence can foresee all the ex-
gencies of war; and 1, for one, have been unwill-
ing to give my adhesion in advance to any set
formula fortheir determination. But,in the pres->
ent aspect of this war, my trust is not in the help
of the negro. Nay, sir; as one who has at heart
the successful prosecution of this war, I woiild
not venture to array against the Government in
which I have a part, the sympathy of race. It is
the great tie by which God knits into families
those several portions into which it has pleased
Him to divide mankind.
Do you remember when the East Indian rose
upon his English ruler? Do you remember how
it froze our blood to read of men who clasped their
wives and daughters to their hearts for the last
time, and then slew them to save them from the
black demons, athirst with lust and rage, who
swarmed around them ? Do you remember how
the American minister, an honored Pennsylva-
nian, stood up then in London and said to the
British nation," Men of kindred breeds, our hearts
are with you in this struggle?"
Never did minister better represent his people*
Our wrongs from England were forgotten then.
Yes,.we forgot that it was England that warmed
in her bosom the viper of abolition till its fangs
were grown. Now that they are fastened upon
the vitals of our unhappy country she rejects the
reptile that she fostered.
Sir, I know not what notion that man has of
the military character who thinks that the slave
of yesterday may be the soldier of to-day. Of the
slave you cannot make a soldier; you may make
an assassin. But the shrieks of white households
murdered, and worse than murdered, by the ne-
gro would appall the hearts and palsy the arms ot
more of the supporters of this war than all the
race of Ham could take the place of. To Mr.
Sumner's question, then, I answer, we can afford
to reject this black alliance. It offers to northern
white men a fellowship that most of them abhpr;
it proffers to the southern white man no terms
that he prefers to extermination—it proffers negro
equality or negro domination; it drives the Union
men of the South into the ranks of the enemy;
it opens to us a dreary prospect of a protracted,
devastating, ruinous guerrilla warfare; it shocks
the sentiment of the white race throughout the
woild.
In the present aspect of the war, then, my trust
is not in the negro. I trust in the mercy of Al-
mighty God to bring this distracted nation back
to peace and union; and, under his divine Provi-
dence, I trust to our soldiers' valor and their lead-
crs'skill; to firm and moderate counsels in the Ad-
ministration of this Government: the allies whom
I would welcome are theUnion men of the South.
We all know how long and gallantly the Union
men of North Carolina and Alabama and Tennes-
see strove till they were suppressed and over-
whelmed. It is well known how the Union sen-
timent retarded the progress of secession in all the
southern States. It " is not dead, but sleepeth,"
that Union sentiment which men of the South
have cherished, under perils that we have not been
called on to encounter. Every dispatch that comes
to us from Kentucky and Tennessee tells us of
men rallying to the old flag. I would have the
old banner presented to their expectant eyes, not
as the emblem of military despotism, but as the
free flag of constitutional government. 1 would
see our aimies, strengthened and restrained by
discipline, moving south ward with resistless foice*,
carrying everywhere peace to the peaceful; the
Constitution and the laws to the law-abiding;
defeat and rout to southern armies, which could
never be rallied nor recruited where the people have
their rights. War so conducted will knit our con-
quests to us. will double our strength, and sap the
enemy's.
To those victories let us contribute our part.
Let us not, by revolutionary measures, extin-
guish the rising hopes of those who love the
Union. Let us not foster and stimulate and pander
to public impatience. It was discussed here on
