1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
(Elliot's Debates, p. 295,) and whose duties did not
touch the sense or substance of the instrument.
They were to revise the style of and arrange the
articles which were agreed lo by the House, and no
consideration was ever given by the convention to
the arrangement of articles and sections which the
committee on style leported, so that the only ac-
tion of the convention on the position of this clause
in the Constitution was the significant action of
taking it out of the legislative article, where Mr.
Pinckney had moved it, and putting it into the
judiciary article, where Mr. Morris expressly
moved it. And the convention, without consid-
ering or debating the matter at all, simply acqui-
esced in letting the report on style stand, which
report grouped it with a family of negations, which
apply to all the departments of the Government.
This historical recital, I submit to every fair-mind-
ed man, totally refutes all inferences in favor of the
legislative control over this writ which is sought
to be derived from the position of this clausc in
the Constitution.
But there is another view of this history which
is exceedingly significant of the sense of this
clause, and which is unanswerable as an argument
against the legislative control of this writ. Mr.
Pinckney's last proposition, of the 20ih of Au-
gust, proposed to do just what the English Par-
liament can now do, as will be noticed hereafter,
to wit, give to the Legislature the full power to
suspend the benefits of the writ whenever Con-
gress should deem the necessity "most urgent
and pressing," although there was no rebellion or
invasion or war in the land. This legislative dis-
cretion was stricken out by Mr. Morris's amend-
ment. The convention did its own legislation
upon this matter, so vital to popular liberty, made
the conditions of public danger which should au-
thorize the temporary denial of the personal priv-
ileges of the writ known and fixed quantities in
the Constitution, and forever withdrew*, hem from
the control of Congress. And then, in adopting
the prohibition 3 the convention madeitpartof the
judiciary article. The significance of this action
may be thus fairly expressed: we will notlct Con-
gress determine when the occasion forsuspending
this high privilege is most" urgent and pressing,"
as Mr. Pinckney proposes. We will not let any
urgency, short of that occasioned by rebellion or
invasion, suspend the privilege. We will strike
out Mr. Pinckney's plan of lotting Congress judge
<>f this urgent and pressing occasion, and we will
legislate and define what facts shall constitute this
general stale of public danger; and wc will put
into the Constitution a legislative and unalterable
d"finition of that<s public danger;" and having so
legislated, we will attach this prohibition to the
article regulating the judicial department of the
Government which contiols and acts on this
'* privilege," and will take it out of the legislative
article, where Mr. Pinckney proposes to place it.
I shall have occasion again to refer to the effect
of this defining by the Constitution of the general
degree of public danger in which the privilege
may be suspended, and only allude to it here as
showing that the proposition to give Congress a
general discretionary control over the writ, was
actually presented to the convention, was con-
sidered, was rejected, and a clause inserted in its
place by which the Constitution legislates upon
and makes definite the general degree of public
danger which alone shall authorize a temporary
denial of this " privilege" to dangerous persons;
and that having so defined and legislated, they
took the clause out of the legislative and placed it
in the judicial article of the Constitution.
Now, how irresistible is the answer furnished
by the simple history of this clausc to the argu-
ment which in based upon its being found m the
first article of the Constitution!
But to make the argument, based on the position
of this clausc, appear in still stionger light of un-
reliability, let me glance at a few facts as to the
arrangement and position of clauses of the Con-
stitution. You not only find, what has been already
noticed, a largo number of clauses relating to the
powers of the States and not at all of Congress,
m the first article, which in the main relates to the
legislature, but you find in the judiciary article a
new power given to Congress, to-wit, to define and
punish trcasoa; also a new prohibition upon the
powers of all the departments, to-wit, that pro-
hibiting forfeitures and corruption of blood. You
find a new power given to Congress m the third
section of the fourth article: to admit new States.
Also one giving power to make rules for the Ter-
ritories. Also in the fifth article a new power
is given to Congress to propose amendments to
the Constitution. Also m the sixth article is a
new prohibition on the power of Congress and all
other departments, excluding the adoption of re-
ligious tests. Also in the third (judiciary) article
a new power is given to Congress to create courts
inferior to the Supreme Court. Also in the first
(legislative) article is the new and important power
of the President to veto the laws of Congress.
This history and these obvious facts show the
singular force of a remark of one of the first liv-
ing lawyers of the age, to whose learned opinions
I am much indebted for parts of this argument,
that " no instrument permits the interpretation of
its clauses to be affected by position less than the
Constitution of the United States."
I now proceed, Mr. Chairman, to consider the
argument which is derived from the analogies of
the English constitution. This argument may
be thus stated: this writ, and many other features
of our Constitution, are derived from England.
The Parliament, and not the king, can suspend
the writ in England. Our Constitution, which
was aiming at making a freer Government, and
one of less despotic power over life and liberty
than the English, would not give to a President
powers to suspend a law which even the English
would not intrust to any power but their own
representatives, and especially not an authority
over the liberties of the citizen, which, by violent
struggles and civil wars, had been wrested from
the executive in England.
I make a preliminary remark touching the re-
liability of all arguments by analogy. They are
proverbially unreliable, and arc the lowest grade
of all methods of argumentation. The reason is,
that if one material fact in one of the two things
compared is different from its fellow fact in the
othtu* or parallel subject of comparison, then the
whole argument falls; and this is nearly always
in some degree the case. To illustrate: suppose
a statesman m Russia were trying to prove from
the history of the New York and Erie canal
that a canal in north Russia would be a great and
profitable work. He would show that the waters
for its supply were as abundant, that the nature
of the country would admitof as easy a construc-
tion, that the commodities for transportation were
as great, that the skill and enterprise for its nav-
igation were equal, and that, in short, in every
particular the canal in noith Russia would, in fa-
cilities for usefulness, be equal to the Erie canal;
but he omitted to notice but one particular, but
that one was that the water in the Russian canal
would be eternal ice. Now, what kind of an argu-
ment by analogy would that be, in the case sup-
posed, which would decide to hn-ld the canal m
Russia because it pmd in New York?
Now, it is a singular fact that in the argument
from the English constitution, which we now
consider, almost everything which is assumed as
postulates, and upon which the whole analogy
is based, is the veriest assumption, and totally
untrue; and besides, the argument, as conducted,
leaves wholly out of view conditions and vital
parts of the two things compared, which, left out,
totally reverse their characters. Let me state
them.
The argument assumes that the position, which
admits the President may suspend, for the public
safety, in time of rebellion or invasion, the priv-
ilege of the writ, is liable to the following ab-
surdities, namely:
1. Holding that the President may repeal or
suspend a law of the lund.
2. That to give this power to suspend the
piivilego to the President, as it is limited by our
Constitution, would be giving him power which
England docs not give to the king.
3. That there is no legislative authorization
and definition of the right to suspend, as claimed
for the President, but which is required in Eng-
land.
This argument, moreover, against the Pres-
ident's power,involves the following unwarranted
and false assumptions of fact:
1. That the Piesident's general powers and
peiogatives are such as to make it as unsafe toin-
trust to him this power to suspend, as u would be
to intrust it to the King of England.
2. That the power of our Government over
this writ is as great under our Constitution as
under the English is that of Parliament.
3. That our Constitution provides no cheek
upon the abuse of the powers of the President
which are unknown to the English constitution.
Every one of these propositions is vital to this
analogical argument, but every one of them is
the merest assumption and wholly false.
If it is true that the President may suspend the
privilege of the writ during rebellion or invasion,
for the public safety, still, this gives him fto power
to repeal the law itself, or to modify it so as to
deprive the people generally of the benefits of the
law. It involves nothing more than-suspending
temporarily the " privilege" by which a man
found to be dangerous to public safety may be dis-
charged on bail or otherwise. Itleaves the law in
full force over the whole land, and does nothing
more than authorize the President to arrest and
hold such one or more men as public safety for-
bids to be at large during a rebellion or invasion.
Mr. Chairman, this precise power of tempora-
rily withholding from dangerous men the right to
be at large in the society which they endanger, is
precisely what, by the uniform legislative prac-
tice in England, is intrusted to the king and his
privy council. The Parliament does do just what
our constitutional convention, by the Constitu-
tion, did, to wit, leave it to the Executive to find
out, arrest, and detain temporarily in prison dan-
gerous men. The habeas corpus act has been at
various times suspended with respect to the power
of imprisonment vested in the Crown upon occa-
sions of public alarm. (2 Chitty's Statutes, 56,
note E.) The act of 4th March, 1817, being 57
George III, is an example, by which the king
and his privy council, in time of peace, were per-
mitted to arrest and hold free of bail such men as
they might suspect to be engaged in treasonable
practices. The acts of Parliament, so far as re-
lates to the authorization of the executive to select
and detain dangerous men, do give the English
executive just whatourConstitution gives to ours,
the difference between the two being that Parlia-
ment confers the power whenever it chooses and
as long as it chooses, whereas our Constitution
confers the power and makes it perpetual, but only
confers it in two conditions of the country. Ours
defines in advance the condition of the country
authorizing the suspension; the English only
when it comes.
But let us look for a moment at the character
and foundations of this argument drawn from the
assumed analogies between our own and the Eng-
lish constitution.
The king creates the upper House of Parlia-
ment, including lords spiritual and temporal. The
President does not.
The king has the sole power of convoking the
legislature. The President has not.
The king can dissolve or prorogue Parliament
at pleasure. The President cannot.
The king has an absolute veto on acts of Par-
liament, The President has not.
The king's presence at the opening of each Par-
liament is necessary to give it life as a legislature.
The President's is not.
The king regulates all commercial intercourse,
coins money, regulates the standards of weights
and measures. The President does not.
The king appoints and removes at pleasure all
judicial officers of the Government. The Presi-
dent cannot.
The king is the head of the Church, appoints
twenty-six bishops and archbishops, who are
lords spiritual, convokes their councils, dissolves
them, and annuls their canons. The President
cannot.
The king is the depositary of the collective ma-
jesty of the realm as to all foreign relations. He
forms alliances, makes treaties, declares war,
mokes peace, raises and equips armies, fleets, and
navies, builds forts, sends and leceives embassa-
dors. The President does none of these, or none
which are not subject to the control of the Senate,
or of Congress.
The king creates all military commands free
from any review hyjother departments of the Gov-
ernment. The President does not.
The king's tenure of office does not come from
the people. The President's does.
The king's office is for life. The President's
for four years.
The king can do no wrong, and cannot be irn-
