1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
this floor lately what was meant by the great cap-
tain of the age when he said he was forced to give
battle prematurely at Ball Run. Sir, I understood
always that he meant that popular impatience of
delay precipitated his movements. Perhaps he
remembered how at the beginning of the war with
Mexico a congressional intrigue had nearly ele-
vated over him an incompetent politician—he felt
that he must move, or perhaps again experience
" a fire in his rear" from political batteries. Let
us not repeat our errors, lest we expiate them by
defeat or indecisive victory. Give lime to our
white Army, and you will not need a black one.
I know that *here I run counter to sentiments
that are often expressed upon this floor. The
gentleman from Kansas, for instance, in his elo-
quent speech, which we all remember,charged it
upon the President, as a grievous error, that he
wished " to bring back the seceded States on the
old basis;" and the gentleman deemed it the height
of satire and ridicule to describe " McClellan and
Banks and Dix and Halleck, and the like,armed
to the teeth and ready for the fray, with sword in
one hand and the Constitution in the other, pre-
pared to administer death or the oath of allegiance,
according to tbe stubbornness or docility of the
subject." Sir, if what is thus ridiculed is indeed
the policy of the President, I will give all a man
can give to further and support it.
I refer to the speech of the gentleman from
Kansas, because it is the frankest and cleareatex-
position that I have heard here of the doctrine of
the party of which he is a distinguished leader. I
would say that the doctrine of that party might
bfe summed up in four words: " Throw the Con-
stitution overboard." The gentleman from Kan-
sas said explicitly, " the wish of the masses of
our people is to conquer the seceded States to the
authority of the Union, and hold them as subject
provinces." He combats, as a fallacy, the idea
that constitutional obligations rest on our Govern-
ment in its prosecution of the war. He says,
" this principle must be repudiated, or it is obvi-
ous that we are tied hand and foot."
Sir, the rise of the Democratic party in this coun-
try was the people's protest against the concentra-
tion of power in the Federal Government. Now,
let some party rise; call it the Democratic party—
call it, if you will, " the white man's party''—
which shall piotest against these schemes for
black armies and States held as subject provinces.
Truly did Jefferson rccord the parentage of abo-
lition at its rise, as a political proscription. He
said, in a letter to La Fayette:
" On the eehp^o ol'Federalism with uc, although not its
extinction, its leaders got up the question, under
tl>e taNe fioutot les^eniNg tlic meaMiieof slaveiy, bur with
the real view of pioductnx ageograpliK'al division of paint's
which might injure them the next i'refideiir. The people
of the North went blindfolded into the Miare, followed their
leadei* foi a while with a seal tiuly moial ami laudable,
until they beerime sensible thai they were injuring instead
of aiding the real interests of the slaves, that they had been
Used merely ay tools loi electioneering pui poses."
Such were the words of Jefferson, himself op-
posed to slavery, but more opposed to the attempt
to abolish it in Missouri, through the agcncy of
the Federal Government:
u Tin* momentous question, like n fire bell in the ni^ht,
awakened and filled me wifii tenor. I considered it, at
once, as the knell of the Union." ■* * * *
one thing I am eeitatn, that as the parage of slavery from
one State to another would not make a slave of a single
human beimj who would not be «o without it, so their diti'u-
siou over a laujer stirlacc would make them individually
happin, and piopoiuonaliy facilitate the accomplishment
of then emancipation by dividing the burden on a greater
number ol coadjutors."
Let me recall, too, that at that day a Repre-
sentative of my own State, Henry Baldwin, of
Pittsburgh, afterwards a judge of the Supremo
Court ot the United States, and one of the ablest,
foresaw, with a prescience that rivaled Jefferson's,
the dire evils that weie to ause fiom a geograph-
ical division of parties. In 1S19 and 18*30, on the
floor of this House, Baldwin advocated, with all
the vigor of his robust intellect, the immediate
and unconditional admission of Missouri. Sir, I
voted the other day against the bill prohibiting
the retain of fugitives by the military authoiities".
That bill was earned through this House under
the whip and spur of 44 the previous question,"
after a s«ngle speech in its favor from the gentle-
man fiom Ohio, to which no man was allowed to
utter a word m reply, fie represented, without
any chance for contradiction, that the military
officers were usurping the functions of our civil
judges and marshals, and were " running down
and hunting down men, women,and children;as
alleged fugitives from slavery."
The simple fact, as I understand it, is this: that
in localities where the civil power is extinct, and
all its functions are exercised by the commanding
general in the performance of his duty and his
pledge to protect all constitutional rights, he has
protected rights to slave property. We, by our
recent legislation, have invidiously discriminated
those rights as the only ones which he shall not
protect, and that at a moment when our armies
are occupying regions where those rights of prop-
erty are more valuable than any other. Our army
occupies a country, say in Tennessee; the Union
men welcome it; their slaves quit work to hang
round the camp; the owners appeal to the only
authority existing for a remedy. The general,
who decides everything else,must say, "Friends,
I promised to maintain all your constitutional
rights, but here lam powerless. Go down to where
there was once a court, and if the judge, who is
now a secession colonel, does not hang you as a
Union man, he will give you a warrant, perhaps.
If not, all your slaves must, practically, be free;
civil society must fall into chaos. So Congress
has enacted."
Sir, I did not choose to vote for that enactment.
Whenever, in the anomalous condition of things
incident to this war, it rests wholly upon a mili-
tary officer to sustain civil society and maintain
the laws, I will not vote to restrict him in his
duty. I believe that in the progress of this war
we shall constantly see, as we have seen, the civil
power entirely superseded by the military. By
the rules of civilized warfare the conqueror owes
protection to peaceful men in their rights of prop-
erty; I would not impose a penalty on our officers
for performing this duty. Law and sound policy,
in my judgment, dictatc that they should perform
it. Of course 1 do not mean to countenance the
notion that slaves or any other property should
be returned to men in arms against the Govern-
ment. But, sir, I do not wish to see every column
of our army carrying in its train a vast swarm of
ungovernable negroes; a terror to every one but
the foe in arms. Useless in battle, they will de-
vastate the land and stain the page of our history
with horrors that modern civilization forbids, even
in war. How this is to be prevented I know not,
if our officers may not send them back to their
labor; nay, as some here have strenuously con-
tended, may not even exclude them from the
camp.
For these sentiments, I doubt not, I shall be
styled "an advocate of slaveiy." Neither that
nor any other imputation shall ever deter me from
voting and speaking according to my convictions.
I desire to see a speedy and glorious termina-
tion to this war; and I would not ignore the les-
sons of history, which teach that such a termina-
tion was never reached through sweeping confis-
cations and proscriptions and savage cruelties.
You may make a desert and call it peace; or you
may summon clemency to the aid of valor, and
make your earliest victories decisive. I am a
northern man with northern principles. In this
conflict my pride and interests arc all enlisted on
the northern side, which is my side.
It is in the interest of the North that I have ever
been opposed alike to noithern disunionists and
southern disunionists.
I would leave to my children the Union that
our fathers left to us. Born and bred on the soil
of the State, whose proudest title is to be "the
Keystone of the Federal arch," I do not wish to
see a new St. Domingo on her southern border.
These are my sentiments as a Pennsylvanian
and a white man.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. BUFFIMTON, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Hutchins reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly a bill to regulate the
franking privilege, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
president's special message.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that ten
thousand extra copies of the President's special
message be printed for the use of the House.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
STEVENS'S BATTERY.
Mr. NIXON presented the memorial of E. A.
Stevens, in reference to the Stevens battery;
which was referred to the Committee cm Naval
Affairs.
COPYRIGHT.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend the act respecting copyright,
approved February 3,1831; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
And then, on motion of Mr. HARDING, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 7, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. ^
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States recommending the adoption of a joint res-
olution expressing the purpose of the United
States to cooperate with any State which may
adopt gradual abolishment of slavery, giving to
such State pecuniary aid, to be used by such State
in its discretion to compensate for the inconven-
iences, publicand private,produced by thechange
of system; which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, of
Massachusetts, was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. No. 45) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Nobles, which had heretofore received
the signature of the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a. memorial from mer-
chants and others having business with the west
coast of South America. It is signed by a large
number of the most eminent merchants of New
York. It is similar in its character to memorials
which I have already presented from merchants
of Baltimore and merchants of Boston, and it con-
cludes with the prayel- that " Congress will take
such immediate action in the premises as in their
judgment they may deem expedient to authorize
the proper authorities to provide a conveyance of
the mails to and from Panama and New York."
As that subject is now before the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, I move the refer-
ence of the memorial to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the total abolition of sla-
very throughput the country; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Ira E.
Leonard and other citizens of Wisconsin, pray-
ing for the passage of a general bankiupt law;
which was leferred to the Committee on the Ju-.
diciary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the memorial of offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, of
the United States marine battalion which was on
board the steamer Governor, in Commodore Du~
pont's expedition, which vessel was lost; the offi-
cers and privates lost all of their personal effects.
They ask for compensation for the loss which
they have sustained; and the case is the more mer-
itorious as the vessel was notoriously unsea-
worthy, known to be so by many of the officers
who were compelled to embark on board of her,
and who protested against it at the time. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. POWELL.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senate proceeds with
other business, I desire to ask a question, by the
courtesy of the Senate, of the chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee. Mr. President, at the last ses-
sion of the Ken tuckyLegislatu re, that body passed
a resolution instructing my predecessor and my
