90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
■was read and passed to a second reading, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
109) for the relief of the legal representatives of
J. E. Martin, deceased; which was read twice by
its title, and referred, with the papers relating to
the case on the files of the Senate, to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
110) in relation to district attorneys; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
111) incorporating the Washington and George-
town Railway Company; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
ARRESTS BY ORDER OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Trumbull, on the
12th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to in-
form the Senate whether, in the loyal States of the Union,
any person or persons have been arrested and imprisoned
and are now held in confinement by orders from him or his
Department; and, if so, under what Jaw said arrests have
been made, and said persons imprisoned.
Mr, HALE. If it would be agreeable to the
Senator who introduced the resolution, I should
like to have it amended by inserting " and for
what causes."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objection
to that inquiry, but it is evident that that would
make the answer prolix, and I hardly think it is
necessary to inquire into the causes of arrests of
this character, if they have been made. If there
is any law authorizing the State Department to
arrest persons in the loyal States and hold them
in confinement, it would be well for us to know
the fact. If there is not, some legislation may be
necessary. I do not see, however, what benefit
can arise to the Senate from going into an investi-
gation as to the causes of arrests. I think that to
make that inquiry would impose a good deal of
burden on the Secretary of State. Unless there
is some object in it which I do not perceive, I feel
disinclined to accept the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Iliad reasons for suggesting the
amendment; but as it is not agreeable' to the Sen-
ator who proposed the inquiry, I shall not press
it at this time, as I do not wish to interfere with
his resolution.
Mr. DIXON. I cannot but regret the intro-
duction of this resolution by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois. It seems to me calculated to
produce nothing but mischief, although I know
the purposes of the Senator who introduced it are
in the highest degree patriotic. The inquiry which
he proposes I think, under the present circum-
stances, unnecessary and unwise, and it can, in
my judgment, result in nothing favorable to the
cause in which we are engaged.
What arc the arrests which the resolution pro-
poses to consider? They are well known to the
country, so far at least as relates to their object
and character. It is well understood that during
the last six months, while our existence as a na-
tion seemed for a time to hang upon a thread—
while large armies threatened the capital, and its
safety was, at one period, in great doubt, there
were, in many of the loyal States, men of dan-
gerous character and designs allowed to go at
large, although it was well understood they wore
giving aid and comfort to the enemy in every pos-
sible manner. Some of them infested my own
State. I am glad to be able'to say that they wore,
for the most part, emissaries from other States,
and that the disgrace of giving them birth, or of
affording them a home, did not belong to us.
They first manifested their treasonable purposes
by attempting to institute a scries of peace meet-
ings, so called, by which they hoped to debauch
the public mind and prepare it for degrading sub-
mission, under the false pretense of restoring
peaceful relations between the North and the
South. What effect these meetings might have
had in deceiving the more unthinking, does not
appear; but acting in accordance with the wishes
of almost our entire people, the Secretary of State
put a sudden stop to their treasonable designs by
arresting and confining one or more of the most
obnoxious. Itwas precisely the right thing, done
at precisely the right time; and it nipped treason
in Connecticut in the bud. It struck terror to the
hearts of all who sympathized with secession,
and it encouraged the hearts and strengthened the
hands of every true-hearted and patriotic citizen.
It was, certainly, the opinion of many that the
summary process of arrest and confinement did
not go far enough; that others, equally guilty,
ought to have been placed under restraint; but the
desired effect was produced, and an appeal to the
fears of a certain class accomplished what nothing
else could accomplish.
Now, sir, I maintain that the action of the Gov-
ernment in making the arrests alluded to was not
only justifiable, but that not to have pursued it
would have been moral treason on the part of the
President. Was he to see the Government par-
alyzed by the unprincipled men who, under the
false pretense of peace, were seeking to ruin the
country by distracting and dividing our people?
Was he to allow information and materials of war
to be furnished to the enemy by open avowed se-
cessionists? Forone,sir,I thank him—I thank the
Secretary of State, as does every loyal citizen
of Connecticut, for any and every arrest made
there; and I shall not vote an inquiry into the
legality of these arrests. They find their justifi-
cation in the dire necessity of the time. Delay
could not be permitted. The occasion demanded
the exercise of extraordinary powers, and in re-
sorting to their exercise, the Government deserved
and received the gratitude of the whole country.
Sir, it. seems to me that those who now allow
themselves to be troubled with constitutional scru-
ples on this subject, neglect, or are unable to see
the unexampled condition in which the country
is placed. What do we see around us on every
side? Men in arms, counted by tens and hun-
dreds of thousands, to put down the most abom-
inably wicked rebellion the world ever saw, and
our national existence actually endangered this
day, notwithstanding all we have done and are
now doing; and the nations of the world looking
on in bewildered uncertainty whether we shall be
able to continue our governmental existence in its
original form; the people meanwhile pouring out
their wealth by millions, and only waiting for an
opportunity to pour out their blood in its defense.
Yet in the midst of all this, we in the Senate are
splitting hairs upon the question whether some
double-dyed traitor has been arrested in his vil-
lainous course in accordance with all the strictest
formalities on which pleas in abatement are de-
cided in times of profound peace. Sir, I shall go
into no such inquiry. It is enough for me to know
that the public safety demands extraordinary
powers, vested in and exercised by the Executive;
and I shall not embarrass his bold and patriotic
action by any nicely-balanced scruples or subtle
distinctions.
I know full well that this is an occasion without
a precedent, and I shall not go in pursuit of pre-
cedents to justify the executive government in
resorting to the necessary means for preserving its
own existence. I have the most entire confidence
that the President has been guilty of no unneces-
sary severity. In my judgmenthe has erred,if at
all, on the side of lenity and indulgence; and I
desire to incite him to still greater earnestness and
energy, rather than weaken and discourage him
by inquiries which imply a doubtof the propriety
of his action.
Sir, the war in which we are engaged is not to
be brought to a closc by any mild and gentle
means. Its existence is a terrible fact which we
cannot wink out of sight, and it will be well for us
to look at it in the light of truth. If there ever
was a time when we might hope to win the South
back to its allegiance by half measures, a quasi
war, that time has passed. The sternest, severest
^measures are now needed. For myself, I am
ready to resort to any proper measures, however
stern and severe, which, to my judgment, seem
calculated to accomplish the object we have in
view. I have no tender and compassionate feel-
ings toward traitors and rebels, who are striking
death blows at our Government; and who at the
same time, through the mouths of their sympa-
thizers, crave our merciful forbearance toward
their property of whatever kind. Iamformaking
no distinction between the differentkinds of prop-
erty held by rebels in arms. I would, if possible,
render them powerless to attack and overthrow I
that Constitution which they and their sympa-
thizers invoke in their defense, at the very moment
when they are calling the world to witness that
the Constitution is overthrown by the revolution
into which they have forced us.
We hear much said about the views of conserva-
tive men. Sir, I have some means of knowing
the views of this class of our people, and I assure
you that they entertain different sentiments from
those which controlled them while the interest
now in arms against the Government sheltered
itself under the protection of legality within the
pale of the Constitution. They are not to be de-
terred from resorting to all necessary means of
crushing out this attempt to overwhelm our nation
in one universal ruin, by any appeal to the consti-
tutional rights of armed rebels. It is too late for
the gigantic criminal with whom we are dealing
to seek refuge within the temple, or lay hold on
the horns of the altar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am sure
that no one who knows anything of the views
which I entertain, will suppose that I have less
zeal for the efficient prosecution of this war, and
the suppression of this wicked rebellion, than the
Senator from Connecticut. I desire the war to
be prosecuted with the utmost vigor; I would have
our armies active and vigilant; 1 would not waste
the energies of this great nation guarding persons
in the loyal States; but I would strike with the
power of six hundred thousand men, at the traitors
in arms; and under the military power I would
crush them to the earth at the earliest possible
moment. But, sir, this resolution is not to check
the advance of our armies. I have said upon this
floor that I believe the Constitution of the United
States confers all the power which is necessary
to enable the Government to crush this gigantic
rebellion. Why? Because the Constitution con-
fers on Congress the power to raise armies to put
it down, and when the power is given to raise
armies to put down insurrection, the power comes
also to crush it in the way that armies arc accus-
tomed to act. It is with powder and ball that it is
tn be done; and neither your jury trials nor your
habeas corpus acts can interfere with the Army
which, clothed with constitutional power to crush
a rebellion, goes forth armed for the purpose of
putting it down in the very way thatarmies subdue
their enemies.
But, sir, this is a resolution of inquiry, simply
as to the arrest of persons in the loyal States.
That is all it is. The Senator from Connecticut
tells us there were persons in his State who were
allowed to go at large when they were giving aid
and comfort to the enemy. I am astonished at
that. I should have supposed that in the goodly
State of Connecticut men givingaid and comfort
to the enemy would have been arrested and tried,
and if convicted by a jury would have been hung.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow me. I
will repeat to him what kind of aid and comfort
those men gave to the enemy. I stated that they
gave aid and comfort to the enemy by instituting
a series of meetings, falsely called " peace meet-
ings, " in which they addressed large assemblages
of the people, and attempted to debauch the pub-
lic mind on the question of this war, claiming
that we were the aggressors; that the South were
acting in self-defense; that the Administration
was making war upon the South. Now, sir, if
the Senator can inform me how such men can be
attacked by arms, by powder and ball, I shall
thank him for the information. I do not know
how they could be arrested for treason. I do not
say they were guilty of open treason. They were
guilty of moral treason; and the Secretary of State,
to the great joy of every loyal citizen of Connec-
ticut, imprisoned one or more of those men and
put a stop to the whole proceeding. I thank him
for doing it. I will not ask him a single question
as to the provisions of the law or the Constitution
upon which he acted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not understand, Mr.
President, that there was any insurrection in the
State of Connecticut, and I suppose the Army
would have no right in the State of Connecticut
to shoot persons or to march there for the purpose
of slaying its peaceable inhabitants. It is where
the judicial authorities are overborne that the
Army is called in to suppress an insurrection.
The Senator assumes that these persons were
traitors. Who is to decide that? He says he will
ask no questions. Why, sir, how does he know
