3034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Grlsfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dunlap, bnghsh,
Fisher, Goocii, Goodwin, Oridcr, Harding, Holman, John-
son, Kelley, Law, Loomte, Mcffnigbt, MePherson, Mnl-
lory, Mayaard, Mcnxles, Mitchell, Moorliead, Justin S.
Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Nugen, Odeli, Alexander II. Ilice,
Edward II. Rolling Sheffield, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stratton, Train, Trimble, Vallan-
digham, Verree, VVadsvvortli, Wallace, Webster, and Wor-
eej%ter-~57.
NAYS—Mwsrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Arnold,
Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Bearaan, Francis l\ Blair, Blake,
George H. Browne, BnfRnton, Cas ey, Chamberlin, Clark,
Colfax, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Ely, Fen-
ton, Foseenden, Fouke,Frauehot, Frank,Granger, Hutch-
ins, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Lovejoy, Low,
Olin, Patton* Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, John
[f. iliee, Kiddle, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Spaulding, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wall, Walton,
Ward, Washlmrno, wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. Wlutc,
Wilson, and Wood—59.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that there be a call of
the House.
On a division, there were—ayes forty-three,
noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidereu,
Mr. TRAIN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHUURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 58; as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. William Alien, Alley, A neoim. liabMtt,
Batly, liiddle, Bingham, Samuel ft. Illn'ir, Cobb. Frederick
A.Oonkling,Roscoo Conkliug, cox, Crisfleld, Crittenden,
Outler, Davis, Dtlnlrtji, English, Fisher, Gooeh, Grider,
Harding, IJnlmitn, Johnson, Krll./y, i,;uv, Loonlis, Me-
Knight, Mcl'liersoi^Mallory, Wnymml, Menzies, Mitchell,
Anson P. Morrill, Justin H. Morrill, Morn:i, Nixon, Nueeil,
Patton, Alexander [f. Rice, Kdward If. Rollins, Shanks,
Sheffield, William G. sttqole, Htiles, Stmtton, Train, Trim-
hie, Viiilandfgham, Verree, Wmlswmth, Wallace, Web-
ster, Wilson, and Worcester—55.
NA VS—Messrs. Aldileh, William J. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
Icy, Baker, llaxter, licainan, Francis 1'. Blair, Jacob B.
liluir, Blake,tieorce H. iiiowne, Bullinton, Casey, Cbam-
lierlla, Claik, Oollax, Dawes, Delano, ftacll, Diinn, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Fonton, Fessenden, Fouke, Franchot,
Frank, Granger, Hooper, llutchlns, Julian, William Kel-
logg, Lansing, Ijoveloy, bow, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps,
Potneroy, Potter, Itiddle, Jumcs S. llolllns, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Bhellatmrgcr, Sherman, Spanidim;, John B. Steele,
limijamlu t\ Thomas, Vnn Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Wall,
Walton, Ward, VVasliburne, Wheeler, Whaley, and Albert
8. White—58.
§0 tho House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, If the previous ques-
tion be seconded, will this bill como up regularly
in order to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up regularly
whether the previous question is seconded or not.
Mr. HOLMAN withdrewthe motion that there
be ft call of the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(at half past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 1,1862.
Prayer by tho Clmplnin, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITION.
^Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Dos Moines to Dnlmanuthn in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Ronda.
witnesses in tiif, impeachment case.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate:
KaoM. That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to pay to William II. Polk, Bailie Peyton, and C F Trimr
witnesses subpenaed in the ease of West H. Humphreys'
beinro the High Coiirtoftmpeachmcnt of the United States
the same amount of mileage aa lias been allowed and rnul
to other witnesses atibpenaed at Nashville, Tennessee.'
RESCUE OF TIIE TRANSPORT GOVERNOR.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; wliieh was referred to the Committee on
Printing::
Revolted, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
two thousand copies of the report of tile Secretary of the
Navy to the House ot Representatives, in relation to the
rescue of the steamer Governor and the discovery and reiief
of the ship Vermont by the United States ship Sabine
CONSULAR COURTS.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 490) to amend the act of Congress approved
June 22, I860, entitled " An act to carry into effect
provisions of the treaties between the United
States, China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other
countries, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls or other functionaries of the
United States in those countries," and for other
purposes, have.had thesame underconsideration,
and direct me to report it back with the recom-
mendation that its further consideration be post-
poned until the fh-st.Monday of next December.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 365, for the admission of West Virginia into
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 365) providing for the
admission of the State of West Virginia into
the Union, was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole, the pendingquestion being on theamend-
ment of Mr. Sumner, in section one, lines six-
teen and seventeen, to strike out the words " the
children of all slaves born within the limit of said
State shall bo free," and to insert in lieu thereof,
" within the limits of the said State there shall be
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, other-
wise than in the punishment of crime whereof the
party shall be duly convicted."
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken, I
wish that the Senate should understand the precise
state of the question. The hill for the admission
of W< •at Virginia provides that on and after the
4th of July, 1863, all children born of slaves shall
be free, leaving the existing generation in slavery.
Itappearsfrom the statistics furnished by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Willev,] in
his elaborate speech the other day, that there are
now twelve thousand human beings in West Vir-
ginia held in slavery.
Mr. WILLEY. That was in I860; but it is
not so now.
Mr. SUMNER. There may be fewer now; call
the number ten thousand. There are ten thousand
slaves there. Those slaves, according to the bill,
are to continue in bondage d uring their lives. Thus,
for one whole generation, shall we be afflicted by
another slave State, with two slaveholding repre-
sentatives in this body.
I mean to speak of the question with all possi-
ble respect for the Senators on the other side. I
do not wish to introduce any topic that shall be
otherwise than agreeable to them, but I must dis-
charge my duties as a Senator. I cannot by my
vote consent that there shall be two additional
slaveholding Senators for another generation in
this body, and when I say that, I wish to make no
argument, but 1 shall simply quote the words of
Mr. Webster in this body. In his speech of the
22d of December, 1845, on the admission of Texas,
he used this language:
" In the next place, sir, I have to say, that wlitle I hold,
with its much integrity, I trust, and faithfulness, as any citi-
zen of this country, to all the original arrangements and
compromises under which lite Constitution under which
wc now live was adopted, I never could, and never can,
persuade myself to be m favor of the admission of otiier
States into tiie Union as slave States, with the inequalities
which were allowed and accorded by the Constitution to
the tjavehnlding States then in existence. I do not think
that thei free States ever expected, or could expect, that they
would he called on to admit more slave States, having the
unequal advaift,i ea arising to them fiorn the mode of ap-
portioning representation under the existing Constitution.
Sir, r have never made an effort, and never propose to
make an effort; 1 have never countenanced an effort, and
never mean to countenance an effort, to disturb the ar-
rangements as originally made, by which tile various States
came into the Union Cut I cannot avoid considering it
quite a different question, when a proposition is made to
admit new Slates, and i hat they he allowed lo come in with
the same advantages and inequalities which were agreed to
in regard to uie oid. It may be said that, according to the
provisions of the Constitution, new States are to lie ad-
mitted upon the same looting as to the old States. It may
be so; but it does not follow at all, from that provision,
that every Ten itory or portion of country may at pleasuie
establish slavery, and then say we will become a portionof
the Union, and will bring with us the principles which we
nave thus adopted, and must be received on the same loot-
ing as the Old States. It will always bo a question whether
the other btates iiave not a right (and I think they have the
clearest right) to require that the State coming into the
, Onion should come in upon an equality ; and if the exist-
[ ence of slavery be an impediment to coining in on an equal-
I ity,tiien the [state pioposingto come in should be required
to remove that inequality by abolishing slavery, or take the
alternative of being excluded." " 1Ble
Afterwards, in his famous speech of the 7th of
March, 1850,he reaffirmed these principles. His
language was as follows:
" It has happened that, between 1837 and this lime, on
various occasions, I have expressed my entire opposition
to the admission of slave States, or the acquisition of new
slave Territories, to be added totheUnited States. Ifenow,
sir, no change In my own sentiments or my own purposes
in that respect."
He then proceeded in that very speech to quote
an extract from another speech made by himself
at a Whig convention in Springfield, Massachu-
setts, where he used this language:
" We are to use the first and the last and every occasion
which offers to oppose the extension of slavery."
Now, sir, there is the whole argument. In the
admission of West Virginia, with a constitution
that recognizes slavery for a full generation, we
introduce into this Chamber two additional slave-
holding votes, and thus give a new lease of power
to slavery in the councils of the country. I can-
not consent to it, sir.
Mr. HALE. I believe I was entitled to the floor
on this question; but I was willing to waive the
privilege of saying anything or detaining the Sen-
ate a moment if a vote could be taken; but as the
Senator from Massachusetts has seen fit to ad-
dress to the Senate some considerations based
entirely or almost entirely on the authority of Mr.
Webster, I will say a word. I have not Mr. Web-
ster's speeches with me, but I know that at a
later and probably a wiser period of his life he
repudiated every word that he said there.
Mr. SUMNER. The last speech I read from
was the 7th of March, 1850.
Mr. HALE. He voted against imposing any
restriction upon any Terrgory coming into the
Union with a slaveholding constitution, and voted
expressly against applying the Wximot proviso
to the new States.
-Mr. FESSENDEN. He abandoned it in that
very speech.
Mr. HALE. I know he did; and in all the lat-
ter part of his life he continually avowed the doc-
trine of opposition to that proviso; avowed it here
on this floor, and voted repeatedly, as you know,
sir.againstitsapplication. Now,I am notgoingto
vote on this question either because Mr. Webster
did or did not do anything on this subject. But I
will say this: it will be a remarkable fact in the his-
tory of this Government if, from the beginning up
to the present time, it has admitted without con-
troversy slaveholding States that had in their con-
stitutions a provision forbidding the Legislature
from abolishing slavery, and they were admitted
notwithstanding that, and this Republican Con-
gress should refuse to admit the very first State
that ever applied with slaves, having in her con-
stitution a condition that she would immediately
enter upon the system of prospective emancipa-
tion. I say it would be a singular fact if, after
having always received slaveholding States with
constitutions making slavery perpetual and eter-
nal, the first time a slave State applied for admis-
sion with a clause in her constitution looking to
the ultimate and entire overthrow of slavery, we
should turn our backs upon her, and refuse to re-
ceive her.
I am one of those who, since I did not make
the world, am content to rely upon the wisdopi of
Him that did make it, and take things as Hf has
made them, rather than as I, in my weakness and
folly, would have had them. This institution, for
good or for evil, is amongst us. I believe (as every-
body who takes any interest in the opinions of so
humble an individual as myself knows) that it is
an evil; but I want to get rid of it in some prac-
tical form, in some practical way. 1 want to carry
out the recommendation of the President—which
wc have adopted, I think, almost unanimously—
tendering our aid and support to those States that
will inaugurate a system of gradual emancipation.
b or myself—and I only speak for m yself—I should
brand myself as a hypocrite before God and man
if, having voted that I would give the aid of this
Government to every State that would inaugurate
a system of gradual emancipation, I turned my
back upon the first one that came to our doors
with gradual emancipation inscribed on her con-
stitution, and tell her I would not have her.
I have stated, and 1 need not repeat, that I regard
slavery as an evil, perhaps not with such intense
philanthropy as my friend from Massachusetts:
bat I hope X do, though, with, if not as refined,as
honest an abhorrence of slavery as any man I
