1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Ohio moves to postpone all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up the bill indicated in his mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN and others. What bill is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill (S. No; 201)
to provide for the occupation and cultivation of
the cotton and other lands in the possession of the
United States, lying along the southern coast of
the United States.
The question being put; there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes ]8, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. FOSTER and Mr. WADE called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. It will be remembered by the
Senate that that bill was before the Senate a day
or two ago, and gave rise to very considerable dis-
cussion, and it is apparent that if it is taken up
now it cannot be disposed of in the morning hour.
I desire myself, if no other Senator shall address
the Senate upon the bill, to make some remarks
upon it. I am unwell this morning, and not in a
condition to do so. 1 think, from the experience
of the Senate when it was before it the other day,
it must be apparent to every Senator that it will
be impossible to make any disposition of it in the
half hour now remaining of the morning hour.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall continue the dis-
cussion of it until we act definitely upon it; either
postpone it forever, or act upon it now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamor,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessemlen, Foot, Fo-tei, Hale,
Harris, King, Lane of Indiana, Monilt, Pomeiov, Sher-
man, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Trumbull.
Wade, VVilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—2."5.
NAYS—Me^ry. Drowning, Cailile, Davis. Grimes, Hen-
derson, McDoug.ill, Pearee, Powell, Sault-buiV, YVilloy,and
Wright—11. #
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 201)
to provide for the occupation and cultivation of the
cotton and other lands in possession of the United
States lying along the southern coast of the United
States, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Browning to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE. There is no occasion whatever
for sending this bill to the Judiciary Committee.
1 hope it will nor be done.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the question to be on concurring in the
amendments made as in the Committee of the
Whole. The first is to strike out the words " and
guardians" wherever they occur in the bill after
the word " receivers."
Mr. WADE. There is no objection to that, I
believe.
The amendment was concurred in.
_ Mr POSTER. I wish to move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the amendment moved
by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
to the thirteenth section was adopted, lie moved
it, I believe, under a misapprehension as regards
the question whether theie was any limit to the
amount of expenditure. In that point of view, if
there was no limit m the bill, it was certainly a
very proper amendment; but I believe the Senator
is satisfied, from an examination of the bill, tliar
although the amount is not limited in numbered
dollars, n is limited in regard to the expenditure
per acre and in regai d to the expenditure for every
person, so that it is as fully limited as itcan with
safety be. I believe the Senator from Massachu-
setts consents that the amendment shall be stricken
out. As it has been adopted, I suppose it is neces-
sary to move a reconsideration of the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
referred to was, to insert at the end of the thh-
teenth section the words " not exceeding ^20,000;"
so as to make the section read:
Pec. 13. Jiml be it farther enact c<U That the sums re-
qiuredto lie expended undei ih'1 proviMOn- of the thud Mo-
tion of this act, and .ill other Miirn which ma\ he lequued
to cany out the entire piovi-ion*; of tht>, act. -hull be sup-
plied, a- may bo hoin time to tmnj lequired, to the albie-
>aul bfhiid. out ot ,m\ i'uikI- not othci vv i-e uppiopt i.tted in
'lie TrtMMity ot the Hinted States, not vxet'nUna
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust tho Senate will allow
that limitation to remain, been use no general, in-
definite appropriation extending to future years
ought ever to be made in any bill.
Mr. FOSTER, it is not for future years. It
is simply for this year. The bill is limited to one
year
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is the case, I have
no objection to it.
Mr. FOSTER. It is as closely guarded as it
can be even by the Senator from Ohio, who is
certainly anxious in regard to the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
has not yet been concurred in by the Senate. The
question is on concurring in it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was read the third time. On the
question of its passage,
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. I regret very much, sir, that
the friends of this bill should press its passage at
this time. I had hoped that the motion submitted
by the Senator from Illinois, to refer this bill to
the Judiciary Committee^ would have prevailed,
and that it would have been reported to the Sen-
ate free from the very many objectionable fea-
tures which it now contains. There is a question
as to how far this Government has the power to
seize upon and hold the lands of private individ-
uals. Suppose that in less than twelve months
the State of South Carolina should be brought
back, and the Constitution and the laws enforced
within her limits, would not the owners of these
lands have the right to institute their legal reme-
dies in the State courts, and eject from the pos-
session of them these tenants and guardians of
yours who have seized upon private property and
appropriated it to their use? Is there anything in
the Constitution of the United States that would
prohibit this? By what power do you claim the
right to appropriate to yourself the lands of pri-
vate individuals? This bill makes no distinction.
It does not appropriate the lands alone of those
who have been engaged in the rebellion. It takes
all the land of all the citizens that may be within
these States of South Carolina and Georgia, and
appropriates it to the use of the Government of
the United States, to be managed by the hundreds
of appointees that are authorized under this bill,
at a cost, it may be, of millions to the Treasury
of the United States. I hold, sir, that the Gov-
ernment of the UnitedStatesis not the lordly pro-
prietor of the soil of the various States of this
Union. The people of this country do not hold
their lands by any feudal tenure. Each and every
individual owner of the soil has the allodial right
to the property.
But, sir, the bill goes further, and proposes to
substitute New England masters for those who
now own these slaves. Instead of disconnecting,
as it seems to be the desire of very many Sena-
tors, the Government of the United States from
the institution of shivery, it converts the Govern-
ment itself into one great lordly slaveholder, and
confides the management of the slaves to its nu-
merous overseers who are to have charge of the
direction, the government, and the care of those
people. Surely, sir, it is not the purpose of the
Senate to sanction a proposition like this.
The measure is urged upon the Senate, and
urged upon it now, because, it is said, seed-time
is upon us. Well, sir, is it seiiously supposed
by any Senator that the fruits of the seed yon will
put in the ground, under this bill, will ever be
reaped by the Government of the United States?
Is it in the contemplation of Senators that this war
is to contmuc until another harvest of cotton, and
until after it shall be gathered and ginned and made
fit for market* Will it not have an injurious ef-
fect upon thecountiy if the Senate shall announce
to them that, in its deliberate judgment, the pros-
ecution of this war will last until another spring
shall come, and find South Carolina not yet sub-
jected to the Constitution and the laws of the land ?
There is scarcely a section of the bill that will
not cost the Government thousands upon thou-
sands of dollais, and that will not authorize a
brood of Government employes to go down and
tdke possession of the realty, and manage the per-
sonalty of pi lv'cite individuals icsidtng within these
States of South Caiolinu and Georgia. It is true,
sir, you say that these receivers of lands shall be
as humane as possible to these slaves; that their
treatment shall be a decent treatment; but you
limit the amount you are to pay to supply their
wants to fifteen cents, I believe, per day; and the
very small allowance that is to be made to pro-
vide for them food aud comfortable clothing, care,
and shelter, show& that the very provision of your
bill requiring that they shall be humanely treated
cannot be complied with.
It is urged that these people are suffering; that
the corn and the provisions that were supplied to
support them during the year hy their owners
and masters have been consumed by our Army;
and we are appealed to to provide for them and
take care of them. Sir, if we liave been benefited
by using the provisions that were therefor their
support, it is our duty to restore them in kind.
These lands are to be divided into plantations
of not less than one thousand nor more than three
thousand acres. These plantations are to be con-
fided to your overseers—superintendents I be-
lieve you call them—who are to have as many of
these people under them as may be necessary to
work them. The Government is to purchase and
furnish agricultural implements, " tools, seeds,
animals, fencing materials, and other articles of
husbandry, as shall be found necessary to be used
on any precinct, provided that the cost of the same
shall not exceed ten dollars per acre." Now, sir,
will theframcr of the bill, or any friend of the bill
tell me how many acres it is proposed to seize
and hold? And at ten dollars an acre for agricul-
tural implements, how many thousands of dollars
is it to cost your Treasury, and what is to be the
return for it?
It seems to me the only argument in the world
that could be used in the advocacy of such a prop-
osition as this is, thatitis incumbent on theGov-
crnment to take care of and provide for those who
are unable to take care of and provide for them-
selves; who have been deprived of their owners,
and from whom you have taken the provisions
that their owners provided for them. But, sir, if
we enter upon that, there areas many of our own
race to-day, (for whom I confess I have a greater
regard,) now turned out adrift upon the world
from their homes and families, and subsisting
upon the charity of the good people of this land.
They appeal to you, it seems to me, with tenfold
more force than anymppeal that can come from
the negio race.
As was remarked the other day, this bill is a
confession that now that we have the elephant we
do not know what on earth we shall do with it,
and I think affords a good argument against prop-
ositions which will tend to got into our possession
a much larger number of this class of people. Far
better and far cheaper would it be to the Treasury,
if you have any place where you expect to dispose
of them, if you do intend to colonize them, that you
should provide at once for the transportation of
those that you have got, that are now left without
their guardians who have heretofore taken care
of them and provided for them in sickness and in
health, and appropriate the money for the purpose.
It would not cost one dollar, where underthis bill
you will have to expend ten, to send them some-
where where they may, if they are capable of
doing it, take care of themselves, and where this
humane scheme, as it is held up to the country,
of the colonization Of this race can be tested with
those that you now have upon your hands. Take
from the Treasury the money you contemplate to
take by this bill and use it in the manner in which
it is proposed to be used at some future or indefi-
nite period by those who advocate these schemes
of emancipation. By pursuing that policy, you
vvill get rid of the payment of these annual sala-
ries that are to be given under this bill to these
overseers of the land who are to engage in the
cotton-planting, tobacco-growing,andcorn-grow-
ing business of the country, I presume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it now becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order.
Mr. CARLILE. I am very glad of it, and hope
that the special order will be taken up and the bill
before the Senate allowed to go over.
Mr. WADE. I move that the special order be
postponed, to proceed with the consideration of
this bill.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 trust that it will not be the
pleasure of the Senate to do that. It is with no
purpose of delaying this bill that I say so; but I
do not like to detain the Senate by a diffusive dis-
cussion, to which I should have to resort at this
time to express my ideas upon the bill, when it
can be saved, if I can have a few minutes time to
take it up and examine it, as 1 shall have between
this and the next legislative day. I shall then make
no opposition to its being disposed of, so far as I
