1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
am concerned, but shall in a condensed form sub-
mit my views, and probably propose some amend-
ments to the bill. The motion to commit to the
Judiciary Committee prevented me from attempt-
ing anything like an amendment'; This bill has
never been considered by that committee whose
particular province it is to investigate such propo-
sitions as these.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now before the Senate, and the Senator from Il-
linois [Mr. Browning] is entitled to the floor upon
it. Does the Senator from Illinois yield for the pur-
pose of allowing a motion to postpone the special
order ?
Mr. WADE. I have moved, the postponement.
Mr. SUMNER. I had intended at this hour to
move that the Senate {proceed to the consideration
ofexecutive business; but I feci the importance of
the bill under discussion, which the Scr:atorfrom
Ohio is properly pressing, for the bill will be en-
tirely useless if we delay much longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no motion
now before, the Senate for that purpose, nor can
there be unless the Senator from Illinois yields the
floor.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understood that the Senator
from Ohio had made a motion to postpone all prior
orders in order to proceed with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio could not make the motion, because he was
not entitled to the floor. The Senator from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor on the special order,
and the Chair inquires if he yields it for the pur-
pose of allowing the motion to be made.
Mr. BROWNING. I had consented to yield
the floor for the purpose of a motion to proceed
to the consideration of executive business, and
having agreed to that, I should prefer not to pro-
ceed with the discussion of the bill which was the
special order for this hour to-day. I am willing
and ready to yield to a motion to proceed with the
consideration of executive business upon the un-
derstanding that I shall have the floor on the next
legislative day, and that there shall be no further
postponement.
Mr. WADE. That is not the question. The
question is whether the Senator will yield for the
continuation of the bill that has been under con-
sideration to-day.
Mr. BROWNING. I yield for the purpose of
allowing the motion to be made.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of continuing the bill which
has been before tlie Senate this morning.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am satisfied that this bill
will lead to discussion, and as I understood that
we were to go into executive session atone o'clock
to-day, I move to change the motion so that we
shall now proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. WADE. That is not in order, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted.—yeas 23, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clmk, Collamer,
Di\on, Festi'ndPn, Foot, Foster, Ginncs, IJ.ile, Howaid,
Howe. Kins. Mouill, Plummy, Sherman, Simmons Slim-
nei, Ten Ejck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilinot, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—23. .
NAYS—Messrs. Ilrovvmns;, Oarlik', Cowan, Davis, !>oo-
litlle, Ilarus, Henderson, Kennedy, IMcDou^all, I'eJirce,
Powell, Rice, Saulsburv, Thomson, Willcy, and Wnght
—16.
So the motion to postpone the special order was
agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, the Senate
seems determined to dispose of this bill to-day. I
am not disposed to inflict upon them any extended
remarks at all, and i am in no physical condition
to do it, if I were so disposed. 1 am too unwell
to continue the discussion. I am perfectly satis-
fied that if the attempt is ever made to put this bil
into operation, the folly and the expense of it will
be demonstrated to the whole American people.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have not ex-
amined this bill carefully. Indeed i had not read
it until this moment. 1 confess I am very much
surprised at its general provisions and its general
character, I believe there nevei was a man in the
world .so wise as iH-v<>r to comnutan error, not to
say an absurdity, and i apprehend there is no body
so august and so wise—not even the Senate of the
United States—as not occasionally to make a mis-
take,and sometimes perpetrate the mostenormous
blunder. I think, sir, ofallthelegislativeabsurd-
ities I have ever beheld, this bill is the greatest,
in whatsoever light you view it. But looking at
it simply in an economical view, I will venture to
say the absurdity of it will be demonstrated by
the result of the experiment, if we ever attempt
to carry it out. I find that there is to be a board
of receivers and guardians of not less than two nor
more than three persons, who are to receive
twenty-five dollars per day for their services; and
they are authorized, where they do not lease the
property—God knows what right they have to
lease the property at all, or what sort of people
they will lease it to—to lay it off in precincts
which are to contain not less than one thousand
nor more than three thousand acres. They are
also to appoint a superintendent to each precinct,
who is to have a salary of not less $1,000 a year,
and perhaps more. Then they are to have a
treasurer, and certain other officers, clerks, &c.
There are also provisions in regard to establish-
ing hospitals for the sick and the infirm of these
indigent people, at a cost not to exceed one dollar
for each person. What sort of an hospital will
thuy get at that sum ? There is not a respectable
planter in the southern States who has a hundred
of these indigent people on his plantation who has
not an hospital; and I apprehend no one of them
ever thought of establishing; an hospital for sev-
eral times that sum, or keeping a physician at an
expense of fifteen cents per month for each per-
son, which is about one dollar and eighty cents a
year to the physician per head. What sort of a
physician they will get at that sum I do not know.
Perhaps some quack fellow, who will administer
nostrums to these people which, in all probability,
will help them to kingdom come only so many
years the sooner. [Laughter.]
Then you are to allow fifteen cents a day for
providing food, lodging, bedding, and clothing.
An allowance so far from liberal, it seems to me,
would be a most decided reproach to the benefi-
cence of the United States.
Then, sir, you arc to pay them fifty cents aday
for task or piece woik. That will amount to a
little over one hundred and fifty dollars a year;
and when you add the amount allowed for pro-
visions, clothing, physicians, attendants, and
such allowances as are personal to these indigent
people, small as they seem to be, it will cost
you about two hundred dollars a year to maintain
them.
Then you propose to enforce their labor by such
humane and decent methods of constraint as are
usual among civilized people. What those hu-
mane and deccnt methods are, I confess I do not
know, nor can I imagine. Indeed, I do not know
that humanity and decency will not compcl them
to resort to the usual corrections. If so, 1 can see
that the Senate of the United States are legislating
for a purpose which they do not assign.
Then it will take at least about two hundred dol-
lars a year to provide for these indigent people,
the result of which will be, if there should be any
great number of them, to make the Treasury of
the United States still more indigent than they are
themselves. [Laughter.] Then, when you have
provided forgathering the crops, the preparation
for market, and the exportation to the place of
sale, I apprehend it will be found that thisthing,
like many other illy-contrived projects, will cost
more than it comes to. [Laughter.]
Upon the whole, 1 have no doubt that the gen-
tleman who introduced the bill—I do not know
who it was—had ihe best purposes in the world,
and 1 have no doubt, upon subjects which he un-
derstands, he is a great deal more intelligent than
I am myself; but I think m regard to this partic-
ular matter he has committed a most extiaordi-
nary and ridiculous blunder. Of course, I cannot
vote for the bill, for the considerations I have men-
tioned, and for others; but I will venture to say
if it passes, and if the Administration undertake
to carry out the policy of the bill, we shall have
an exhibition of the most ndiculous sort that the
Senate of the United States were ever charged with.
There are grave, objections on my mind to the
measure, of a constitutional character, which I
shall not now ur<*c. 1 understand that the Sena-
tor from Illinois,"[Mr. Browning,] whom I had
not the pleasure of hearing, dissected and exposed
the blunders of the bill very successfully a few
days ago. I will only add, that it seems tome that
the Congress of the United States would be much
better employed in thesphere of its ordinary an&
legitimate duties, than in this fanciful and specu-t
lative legislation. They are, I think, groping in
the dark at present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 26, fcays
14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,'
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Ponieroy,
Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—2£L '
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carhle, Cowan,Davis,Hen-
derson, Kennedy, McDougall, Pearce, Vowel!, Itice, Sauls-,
bury, Thomson, Wilson ot'Missouri, and Wright—14.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICE subsequently said: I desire to state
to the Senate that my colleague [Mr. Wilkin-
son] has been called away from the Senate upon
important and urgent business; and I have an un-
derstanding with him that on all questions on
which we might differ, in which my vote would
change the result, I should be paired off with
him. I make this statement in justice to my col-
league, who is necessarily absent, and to myself
for having voted, as my vote does not change the
result.
- MESSAGE JTKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 341) to authorize
the purchase of coin and for other purposes; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ADJOURNMENT TO MOMDAY.
On motion of M-r. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is again before the Senate and upon that
the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Illinois
will give way to me for one moment, I wish to
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. BROWNING. I will, as before stated,
yield for that motion to-day, but I wish it to be
done under the distinct understanding that I am
not to be postponed another day upon the question
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves, the Senator from Illinois
yielding the floor, that the Senate now proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 7, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 341,
to authorize the purchase of coin, and for other
purposes, yesterday postponed until to-day.
INCREASE OF CLERICAL FORCE.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resold!, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
bu directed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
clerical loice m the office of the sub-treasurer of the Mint
and Assistant Treasurer of the United States af San Fran-
cisco, California; with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
BOUNTY AND PENSIONS FOR SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. GURLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
; duced a bill to secure to pilots, engineers, sailors,
i and crews upon gunboats and war vessels their
bounty and pensions; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
GEORGE C. SIMPSON.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Patents a bill for the relief
of George B. Simpson; which was read a first and
! second time, recommitted to the Committee on
|| Patents, and ordered to be printed.
