2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
enumerated, save, it may be, the property of an
enemy abroad, which I omitted. ^
Now, 1 wish to call the attentiort of the com-
mittee, for a short time, to the practical operation
of this pretended doctrine that because from ne-
cessity m time of war we take property, that that
temporary necessity woiks a permanent conver-
sion. Now, the State of Ne,w York has, by her
own individual enterprise, connected the wafeers of
the Atlantic with the great waters of the inland
lakes, by what is known as the Erie canal. She
has built it under her own laws; she has provided
laws for its management and control; she has fixed
rates of toll, appointed her superintendents, lock-
tenders, and all the officers necessary to operate it
successfully. Suppose, m time of war, the Gov-
ernment required the use of that canal for the
transportation of troops from the Atlantic to the
lakes. She has a right to seize it, to set aside all
these State officers, and even to establish such a
rate of compensation for toll as she chooses. But,
sir, whenever that necessity of the Government
shall have ceased, and the transportation of the
troops shall have been determined,all the authority
of the General Government over the canal ceases,
and the authority of the State is restored to its
original rigor and force, and no lock-tender or su-
perintendent placed there by virtue of the military
authority can hold his place against the claim of
a person placcd in that position by the State au-
thority; and no rate of Lolls fixed by the Govern-
ment can for a moment longer prevail against the
rate of tolls fixed by the laws of the State. The
temporary occupation exists only during the ne-
cessity for its exercise, and it ceases the moment
the necessity ceases.
Now, sir, this being our power, and we having
no power to reach the property of individuals ex-
cept in the mode I have prescribed, and having
no right to take the property of individuals arid
put it into the public cotters unless it be as a pen-
alty upon the conviction of an individual for a
crime, where do men find their authority, either
in the laws of war or under the Constitution of
the Government, for seizing private property any-
where by legislative act, and converting it to the
public use?
Sir, I challenge gentlemen to point me to such
a provision of the Constitution. I challenge them
to point me to any provision in the laws of war
which gives such an authonty. Now, the ques-
tion arises, is there anything in the condition of
this country which calls for a subversion of our
Constitution; whether there is anything which
authorizes us to raise our hands against the Con-
stitution of the country; whether there is anything
which justifies us, as a people at war, in violating
the laws of civil warfare.
But it is said that this is a civil war. Is it said
that the laws of war, which apply between nation
and nation, do not apply to a war waged by a
subject against the supreme nuthouty? The au-
thorities which gentlemen have been accustomed
to cite here will fail them there, for Vattel, after
quoting these authorities in reference to the-pro-
tection of private property, expressly declares that
that restriction, as to taking private property,
should much more apply to civil than to public
war. All the difference between civil and public
war is, that in a public war all control we have
over the individual enemy ceases when the war
ends; while in a rebellion like this the power to
punish civilly may bo resoited to after the war is
over. When this war shall have ended, notwith-
standing we may have subjected the individual
enemy to imprisonment as a prisoner of war, or
may have exchanged or discharged him from cus-
tody as a prisoner of war, he may still be indicted
and punished for his treason, his life may be for-
feited, and his property taken. But this is a civil
proccss, and must be conducted according to the
Constitution and the laws. That is the difference,
and the only difference there is between a public
and a domestic enemy. The i ules of war, in all
other respects, during the existence of the war,
operate alike upon both.
Now, sir, there is one other thing to which I
wish to advert in reference to the power which
may be exercised under the laws of war. When
a town or hamlet or section of country may be
conquered, and the civil authority is for the time
being nccessatUy suspended, temporary military
government is established. That is a part of the
law of war and a part of the necessities of war.
The military government is necessarily left in the
possession of the military commander. Of course,
he is restrained by the laws of war in its exercise,
and he is restrained by the Constitution of the
country in its exercise, but for the time being,
while he has possession of the town, he has abso-
lute powpr over it, subject, of course, to his Gov-
ernment for its abuse. In those towns where we
have now established military authority, the pun-
ishment of offenses against the Government of the
United States is not left to the civil magistrates,
but is lodged, for the time being, in the military
governors, and, sir, the military governors under
such circumstances undoubtedly have great dis-
cretion. If there is any fault that I have to find
with the operations of these governors, it is that
they have not been severe enough. Were I the
military governor of a town I would see to it that
no treason against this Government should be
plotted. Were I governor, as Andrew Johnson
is, no man in the streets of Nashville should talk
or counsel treason against this Government with-
out a trial at the drum-head, and speedy execution;
but, sir, while I would take the pains to let it be
known that under my immediate government no
treason could be counseled or worked either in
act or speech, I would take equally good care that
so long as the inhabitants under my jurisdiction
submitted to law not a hair of their heads should
be hurt or a particle of their property be disturbed.
Let it be inculcated by these military governors
that no treason can be wrought within their juris-
diction, and let it be equally inculcated that obedi-
ence to law will give security to personal prop-
erty. That, in my judgment, is the way in which
these military governments should be cxercised.
A woid with regaid to the reason of this rule j
that private property shall not be taken by the i
laws of war. It has been asked here, why will
you let private property at sea be taken when you
will not let that on land be taken? It has been
asked, why will you let the property of an enemy
who has deserted his property and left it, be taken
when you will not let the private property of res-
idents be taken ? It strikes me that the reasons
are manifest. They are reasons resting on the
plainest dictates of humanity. Sir, the commerce
of the sea is the surplus of a people's products.
Take it and you bring no want to the hearthstone.
It is what the people have to spare, and as itgocs,
if permitted to pass Ace upon the ocean, to cheiish
the enemies and give them the means of carrying
on their war, it is allowed to be captured, though
whether this shall continue to be the rule is now
being gravely discussed by nations. So with
property on land that is deserted. The protection
of property depends upon the individual claiming
it living under the protection of our Government.
If he leaves it and goes over to the enemy, he
deserts his property and leaves it in our possession.
And here let me say one word with regard to
the pioperty left by rebels in this war of rebellion.
When our army enters a city or tract of country,
and the rebels desert it, leaving their property, all
that property, in my judgment, may be treated as
public property of the enemies, given up by the
owners to their use, and may be taken. When
we conquer a rebel army, as a part of their aggre-
gate property, we do not, by virtue of that con-
quest of rebels, derive the right to levy contribu-
tions for the payment of the expenses of the war
beyond what wo find congregated for the purposes
of the rebellion, because they have no government
with revenue and income which we may seize and
apply; they have no public property except what
rebellious men have given up to this aggregated
rebellion, or what they have forced by their pre- |
tended government from defenseless people. All
that is public property, and I hold that when we
enter a country and the enemy flees it, ail the
property we find there, without a private owner,
wo have a right to seize as the enemy's property, !
subject, of course, to the right of the individual \
to come in and show that he has never abandoned J
it willingly to the enemy. Under this rule we have
tho broad right to seize everything that we find
within the countiy fled from by the enemy.
Now, sir, in response to a plea against taking
the property of individuals—in response to a plea
from an eloquent gentleman from one of the bor-
der States, in which he protested against the cruelty
of taking the property of individuals and turning
the widows and children destitute upon the cold
charity of the world—it is exclaimed by thelearned
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that in all
punishment for crimes the innocent must meas-
urably suffer with the guilty. He pathetically
declared that Jeff Davis had a wife and children,
and that upon his execution they would suffer
widowhood and orphanage. Certainly, and just
there the line between civilization and barbarism
begins. Civilized warfare justifies the striking
down of an enemy on the battle-field, although
theactbrings orphanage to the children of the slain
warrior and widowhood to the wife of his bosom.
Thus far civilized warfare goes, and it goes no
further. The valiant man who by his right arm
has slain an enemy on the battle-field has but done
his duty to his country. If he goes beyond that
and enters the abode of her whom his valor has
made a widow, and of those children whom his
prowess has made orphans, and lobs them of the
little pittance that they may possess, and, with
ruthless hand, turns them upon the cold charity
of the world, he oversteps the bounds of civilized
warfare and becomes a barbarian.
Now, sir, it is for civilized warfare that I plead;.
it is against barbarian warfare that I protest, when
I declare that the pittance of the women and chil-
dren, the private property upon which families
rely for sustenance, snail not be taken, and an un-
necessary punishment inflicted upon them. Sir,
there are other rules of warfare than that of civil-
ization. The barbarian has his rule of warfare,
too. His code of war permits the taking of the
property of the enemy that he has slain in battle,
and all the private property he can seize, but he
is restrained from inflicting murder and death upon
unoffending women and children and old men,
and there the line between barbarian warfare and
savage warfare commenccs. While the barbarian
spares the life of the non-resistant, the savage
takes it and decorates his war-belt with the glossy
curls of helpless women and the flaxen hairofin-
nocent children, and around his hellish wai-fire
gloats on these wanton murders. That is savage
warfare; but civilized warfare stops with the strik-
ing down of the enemy on the battle-field, with
conquering him by the strong right arm. Sir,
valiant men will go no further.
We have been told here what will probably be
the course of our soldiers if we enact certain laws.
Let me tell you that if you enact a law that will
require valiant men, after they have stricken down
their enemies on the field, and captured them and
all their munitions of war, to go into the homes of
their enemies and desolate them, to lift their hands
against unoffending women and children and rob
them of their substance, and turn them penniless
on the world, valiant men will never do it. No,
sir; the valiant knight stoops from his charger and
lifts the head that he has smitten to the dust, ap-
plies the consoling* cordial, receives the dying mes-
sage from his foe, and with tenderness bears it to
the stricken wife and children, but he will never
become a murderer or prey upon the substance of
that wife and those children—never, no, never.
Let those then who say " Allah is great and Mo-
hammed is his prophet," let those who kindle the
sacrificial fires and worship the sun, amid smoking
altars, reeking with the blood of the innocent, do
this, but let not those who worship Him who
taught forgiveness as we would be forgiven, who
taught us to pray for our enemies and do good to
those who hate us—let not the followers of Him
ever gloat over unnecessary cruelty and pillage.
Now, sir, 1 am aware that in all this 1 subject
myself to the lidiculc and to the sarcasm of the
distinguished gentleman who deals almost solely
in those weapons. I mean the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens,]
and I am sorry he is not here. I know how skill-
fully he wields those weapons. I know what he
will say about my " thin skin," which he has so
often taunted me with, but I can tell him that I
would rather have that sensitive cuticle than to
have my soul incased in a horny hide that could
only be penetrated by the darts of malice and the
venomed shafts of hate. No, sir, I would not
change my nature, sympathetic as it is, with him
for that. I was taught early to bend a very little
knee and lift tiny hands and ask God to forgive
me as I forgave those who trespassed against me.
And, sir, during the troubled voyage of life, in
sunshine and in storm, in tempest and in calm, I
have never forgotton that anchor of my hope, that
trust which is all my religion. I have been taught
that the difference between the demon of darkness
