1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
AFRICANS AT FORTBESS MONROE.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communicate to
this House the number, age, and condition of the Africans
who have been under the supervision of Major General
Wool, in Portress Monroe, Virginia, since he has had com-
mand'of that division—together with the amount of work
or servicc performed by them, the pay, if any, which they
have received, and the cost to the Government for their
maintenance and support.
PUKCHASE OF COIN.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of House bill No. 341, to authorize the purchase
of coin, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may dispose of any bonds or
notes, bearing interest authorized by law, for coin,
at such rates and upon such terms as he may deem
most advantageous to the public interest, and may
issue, under such rules and regulations as he may
prescribe, certificates of indebtedness, such as are
authorized by the act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue certificates of indebted-
ness to public creditors, approved March 1,1862,
to such creditors as may desire to receive the same
in discharge of checks drawn by the disbursing
officers upon sums placed to their crcdit on the
books of the Treasurer, upon requisitions of the
proper department, as well as in discharge of aud-
ited and settled accounts as prescribed by said
act. It is further provided that the demand notes
authorized by act of July 17,1861, and by the act
of February 12,1862, shall be receivable and shall
be lawful money and legal tender in like manner
and for the same purposes and to the same extent
as the notes authorized by the act to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for the redemp-
tion or funding thereof, and for funding the float-
ing debt, approved February 28, 1862.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means how
many dollars' worth of bonds or Treasury notes
the Secretary of the Treasury has now authority
to issue, independent of the authority conferred
upon him by the act of the last month.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not very well advised as
to how much of the last $50,000,000 of seven and
three tenths notes have been issued up to this
time. My belief is that there were ahout sixteen
or seventeen millions of dollars, when the Secre-
tary of the Treasury found he could not sell them
at par; and I presume he has not disposed of any
considerable amount of these notes since that time.
1 suppose, therefore, that is all he is authorized to
issue, outside of the authority given by the act of
the last month.
Mr. PENDLETON. I asked for information
myself, because I am not able, from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to determine ex-
actly what amount of bonds this bill would author-
ize him to sell for coin.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not able to state ex-
actly because 1 do not know how much of the last
$50,000,000 he has issued since his last report to
the House on the subject.
Mr. PENDLETON. J! perceive by the laws
passed at the lust session of Congress that the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to issue
Treasury notes to the amountof $250,000,000. He
had issued of that amount, at the beginning of the
presentsession, in round numbers,$170,000,000—
peihaps a little less—leaving some $30,000,000 un-
disposed of at that time, which he had authority
to issue. A law was passed duringthe last month
authorizing the issue of $10,000,000 more of de-
mand notes. By the law of the last session of
the last Congress he was authorized to issue
$20,000,QOOofTreasury notes, and to reissue them.
So far as I can ascertain, therefore he is author-
ized to issue more than $100,000,000 of notes and
bonds which he has not been able to dispose of
under the law.
Now, m the law of the last month as it was
amended and finally passed, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue $500,000,000 of
bonds, and to sell such portion of them as may
be necessary at the market price for coin.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman is
mistaken as to the amount the Secretary of the
Treasury has been authorized to issue since the
commencement of the present Congress. He
was authorized by the act of July, or 1st of
August last, to issue $250,000,000. He did issue
$100,000,000 of seven and three tenths notes, and
|50,000,000 of bonds.
Mr. PENDLETON. Forty-five millions.
Mr. STEVENS. He issued $50,000,000 of
bonds, which sold in the market at a discount, and
for which he got $45,000,000. Pie had issued
$50,000,000 of demand notes, or nearly that
amount. I presume the entire amount has now
been issued. That left $50,000,000 to be disposed
of, and as he could not dispose of them in the
shape of six per cent, bonds, he offered them in
the shape of seven and three tenths and three and
sixty-five hundredths Treasury notes, and has
disposed, as I understand, of them all with the ex-
ception of ten or fifteen millions. Then he was
authorized by the act to issue $10,000,000 of de-
mand notes in addition. That is a statement of
what the gentleman desires to know, so far as I
am able to make it from the information in my
possession.
Mr. PENDLETON. I believe the gentleman
is correct, and that I was perhaps in error in the
statement I made. There is, however, another
question in relation to this bill which I wish to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
iyieans. I understand that the only thing for
which this Government is required to pay coin is
the interest upon the public debt. According to
the statement of the Secretary of the Treasury in
his report to this House, the public debt at the
close of the present fiscal year will reach about
six hundred and fifty millions of dollars; and if
his estimate be correct, the interest cannot amount
to more than $40,000,000 for a whole year.
Now, I ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether, in his opinion, or in
the opinion of the Department, it is necessary to
grant to the President or theSecretary of theTreas-
ury the power to sell more than the $500,000,000
for coin, which we have authorized by the act of
the last month, to raise this $40,000,000 required
to pay the interest on the public debt?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will answer the gentleman's
question now, if he desires it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do desire an answer,
if agreeabie to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS. The authority granted by
this bill is necessary,as 1 understand, for this rea-
son: itwill be recollected when the Treasury note
bill passed this House, it was so arranged that
notes were to be considered the same as coin for
every liability of the Government. No specie was
required even to pay the interest on the public
debt. The Senate, however, amended the bill,
and the House concurred in the amendment, re-
quiring the interest to be paid in coin. In order
to plaee in the hands of theSecretary of the Treas-
ury coin sufficient for that purpose, we author-
ized him to sell such portion of the §500,000,000
bonds as might be necessary, at their market value,
for coin. But it is found by the Secretary of the
Treasury, as I foreboded, that these bonds can-
not be sold for com at any rate but an immense
sacrifice, which he does not choose to make.
He, therefore, comes to us and asks us to allow
him to sell these seven and three tenths notes for
the purpose of reusing the com required for im-
mediate use. That is the whole of it. To do that
it is necessary for us to take off the limit requir-
ing them to be sold at par, and permit them to be
sold for the market price; in oihcrwords, toaliow
him to sell them for whatever the masters of the
money market may sec fit to compel him to take.
I trust it will not be necessary to sell $500,000,000
of bonds, or a tenth of that amount, to raise the
specie that the Government may find necessary to
use. I hope the balance of the seven and three
tenths notes which he is authorized to issue will
raise ali the coin required for immediate purposes,
though 1 am not sure that such will be the fact,
for I do not know to what extent the money
brokers will require him to go, although I hope
that having got these bonds payable in coin, they j
will exact but little beyond to enable the Govern- ;
ment to procure the coin. j
Mr. PENDLETON. The explanation of the j
gentleman relieves my mind of the difficulty I !
had on this subject. I was misled by the use of j
the term " bonds" in the first section of the bill, !
where it is provided that the bonds shall be sold !
at whatever price the Secretary of the Treasury !
may be able to obtain. j
Mr. STEVENS. I beg the gentleman's per- ;
mission to add another word. I meant to say that !
of these $500,000,000 of bonds, none are engraved
or on hand, while of the seven and three tenth notes
there are enough on hand.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is suggested to me to
ask the gentleman whether he knows what is the
market value of the seven and. three tenth per
cent, notes now ?
Mr. STEVENS. The demand notes sell at
ninety-nine and a half and sometimes one per cent,
above par. The seven and three tenth per cent,
notes not being a legal tender, sell at from ninety-
seven to ninety-nine. That, I "understand, is for
currency. What may be their market price in
coin, God only knows, 1 do not.
Mr. PENDLETON. I can very well under-
stand the necessity of this bill, if it is intended
under it to sell the bonds and- notes that are al-
ready on hand, rather than to wait one or two or
three months till the others are engraved. On that
explanation of the'gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I understand the object of the bill. I hold it to
be our duty, if we require the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay interest—as I think he ought
to do—in coin, that we shall enable him to raise
the coin in order to pay it, even by a great sacri-
fice of our bonds. I desire to ask the gentle-
man another question, if he will not think me im-
pertinent.
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all.
Mr. PENDLETON. In the second section of
the bill it is stated that the demand notes issued
under the authontyof the law of lastsession shall
be receivable and shall be lawful money and a le-
gal tender in like manner and for the same pur-
poses and to the same extent as the notesauthor-
lzecl to be issued a month ago. The demand notes
aie now receivable for duty, both by the terms of
the original act and by the terms of the act which
was passed last month. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether it is not intended by this bill to
prohibit their being hereafter received in payment
of duty?
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all; but the Secretary
of the Treasury is of opinion that if you will add
the legal tender and put them upon a par with all
our currency, so as to create uniformity, you will
make them a little better than they are now. I
am of the same opinion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the bill is fairly liable to be inteipreted
in that way; and that, if it is passed, they will not
be receivable hereafter by the United States in the
payment of duties. I will, therefore—1 hope with
the concurrence of the gentleman—move to insert,
alter the word u shall," in the fourth line of the
second section, the words " in addition to being
receivable in payment of duties on imports;" so
that the section will read:
Sec. 2. J3ml be it further enacted, That the demand notes
anthoiized by tlu  act of July 17, 1881, and by the act of
fcYbiuary 12, 3863, shall, m addition to bein« receivable in
payment of duties on imports, be leccivable, ami bhail be
lawful money and a legal tender, in tike manner, and for
the feame pmpose*, and to the same extent, as the notes au-
thorized by the act entitled " An act toauthouze the issue
of United States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the United
States," appioved Februaiy 25, 1802.
I offer that amendment to perfect the bill, and
to carry out what the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia says is the design of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and 1 hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not know that this amend-
ment will make the bill any worse than it now is,
except it adds a little verbiage, for which Amer-
ican legislation is very famous. We have already
the original law requiring expressly that these
notes shall be received in payment of duties; but
in order to do away with all difficulty about their
being received after the passage of our last law,
we amended it, and made them receivable for pub-
lic dues again expressly. Now, sir, lest there
should be some doubt about thepublic faith at this
time, I think it right that we should enact it the
third time, and therefore the addition proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio is light enough; at least
I can see no harm in it, and 1 shall noTobjeet to it.
The question was taken on Mr. PexdletonV*
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAKER. I move to stiike out from the
fourth lino of the first section of the bill the words
" bearing interest."
It seems to me that if the bill is passed in its
present form, and with those words in it, that com-
