1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8037
because all those who own slaves remaining there
are humane.
Again,sir, suppose this State cannot be admitted
if that amendment be incorporated in the consti-
tution: what will be the result? Why, sir, not
only will all the living slaves within the proposed
limit of the new State be slaves during their lives,
but their offspring will be slaves forever. Did not
that suggest itself to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts?
Again, sir, I refer to the policy which has been
adopted by his own State, perhaps by all the
States north of Mason and Dixon's line. I know
of no single State, although there were fewer
slaves existingin them than cxistin this new State,
that did not adopt a system of gradual emancipa-
tion originally when slaves were emancipated.
Mr. SUMNER. Not Massachusetts.
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, almost every State.
Pennsylvania adopted a gradual system; and so
far as my recollection extends, every State that
had slaves adopted a system of gradual emancipa-
tion, although there were very few slaves existing
among them. New York did so; New Jersey did
so; and I believe the last slave in New Jersey,
perhaps, if not still living, only died a few years
ago. The experience of mankind has shown that
for the benefit of the slave, as well as for the ben-
efit of the community where he lives, gradual
emancipation is the plan.
Now, sir, we present, especially with the amend-
ment which I had the honor to suggest to the
Senate, a project for the introduction into this
Union, in point of fact, of a new free State. We
secure by the bill as it is reported, and by amend-
ment as I propose to offer it, the freedom of all
the slaves that shall be born after the 4th of July,
1863; and I am exceedingly obliged to the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire for the very
forcible and pointed remarks that he made in
reference to this matter.
I will make a few more remarks on this part of
the subject, and then take my seat. I say to that
honorable Senator, and I say it here as a Senator
from Virginia, sustaining a relation to all parts of
that State, that, under the obligations which 1 feel
resting on me as a Senator from Virginia, I should
not, whatever my personal and local interests and
feelings^ might be, feel myself authorized to do or
to agree to anything that would be prejudicial to
the eastern section of the State of Virginia. Sir,
if I understand my own heart and the feelings of
obligation resting on me in the relation that I sus-51
tain to Virginia, I would not do aught that would
interfere with the rights or the best interests of the
eastern section of that State. However much I
might personally desire it, however much I might
be disposed personally to urge the division of the
State, so far as my individual interests are con-,
cerned, yet sustaining the relation of Senator to
all the State of Virginia, I would not feel myself
authorized here to urge upon the Senate anything
that would be seriously prejudicial or detrimental
to the eastern section of the State of Virginia. But
I say to that Senator, 1 say to the Senate, and I
say to all Virginia, that the God of nature has or-
dained with His own omnipotent hand that West-
ern Virginia must ever necessarily be free territory.
The slave cannot live there; he cannot exist the re;
and Eastern Virginia can fipd no argument against
me to say that I am not true to her interests when
I vote in favor of this gradual emancipation of
slavery in the west.
Why, sir, what is the fact? The census shows
that within the last ten years, the very era of sla-
very propagandism, the number of slaves within
the limits of those counties which we propose to
erect into a new State had decreased upwards of
two thousand before the war commenced, and I
am authorized to say to the Senate to-day that
there are not now, porhaps, exceeding eightthou-
sand slaves within the limitsof the proposed new
State. The kind of labor we have there is not the
kind of labor that is profitable for the employment
of slaves. Our geographical location, lying be-
tween the State of Ohio, with two hundred and
fifty or three hundred miles of free territory, from
Wayne county, at the Kentucky line, almost to
Pittsburg on the one side,and again down on the
Pennsylvania line on the other side, renders it al-
most impossible to retain in our midst any slave
who wishes to escape. The knowledge of that
fact has caused many of the slave-owners to sell
their slaves South; a great many have run off, and
there is not there, to-day, what may be really and
truly called involuntary servitude. We are cut
off from the eastern section of the State by the im-
passable barrier of the Alleghany mountains. We
have no trade, no intimate social relations with the
eastern section of the State. We have no iden-
tity of interest in any respect, and especially we
have no identity of social relations so far as sla-
very is concerned. This bill does Eastern Vir-
ginia no injustice. It does the slaveholder in East-
ern Virginia no injustice. It interferes with no
right or interest which he could not exercise, pro-
vided the west should remain one State as here-
tofore.
Mr. President, I say again in the utmost sin-
cerity of my heart that 1 verily believe the ad-
mission of this new State, and the introduction of
this clause of gradual emancipation, is not affect-
ing, practically, a solitary right of Eastern Vir-
ginia; that it is doing her no injury whatever in
any sense of the term. Here is an opportunity
presented to the Senate to erect Northwestern Vir-
ginia into a free State, a condition for which she
was designed by the God of nature—the richest
portion of this broad land in mineral resources,
with inexhaustible marble quarries equal to those
of Egypt and very similar; rich in inexhaustible
fountains of salt and of oil, and forests exceeding
any of those that ever waved upon Mount Leba-
non itself, that have remained from the founda-
tion of the government of the State of Virginia
undeveloped, useless, valueless, simply because
we have not been able to organize improvements
within and under the control of the western sec-
tion.
But perhaps this course of remark and argu-
ment is traveling a little from the purport and ob-
ject of the amendment now under consideration.
I hope therefore the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] may not be
adopted; and, in my view of the subject,design-
ing to strike out the whole, it is a matter of indif-
ference whether it be adopted or not; but I trust
it will bo the pleasure of the Senate to strike out
all of the bill thatl have indicated, and insertmy
amendment. I suppose, if it be not out of order,
I might just as well while I have the floor, as it will
take less of the time of the Senate, say not only
why 1 think the Senator's amendment should not
prevail, but also why I think the section he pro-
poses to amend with all the other sections I have
indicated should be stricken out of the bill.
.. I confess that I was infinitely surprised when
the committee reported to the Senate a bill includ-
ing fifteen counties within the valley of Virginia
m the proposed new State. What are the facts
on this subjeet. The people of Northwestern Vir-
ginia had looked over all this ground; they had
considered where the line of demarkation should
go; they had considered it well; and they fixed
the Alleghany mountains as the natural barrier.
They were willing to agree to that; not only were
those mountains the natural barrier, because they
divided the commercial, industrial, and social re-
lations of the State, but they were the natural
barrier between the desire of the people who
wished to be erected into a new State, and the de-
sire of those people who were opposed to being
included within the new State.
•--These additional counties in the valley, which
have been added by this bill to the boundaries pre-
scribed by the constitutional convention at Wheel-
ing, and by the Legislature who gave its assent,
contain 140,409 white inhabitants, and 31,937
slaves. It is proposed by this bill to incorporate
in the State of West Virginia, not only 140,409
white persons, who are almost a unit against be-
ing included within it, but also to incorporate in
the new State 31,937 additional slaves. I ask my
honorable friend to consider, taking into view the
fact (of which he must be cognizant) of the seces-
sion element against whom we have been fighting
in our midst, whether they, with a united phalanx
of 140,000 additional inhabitants, whom it is pro-
posed to include m our midst, if a convention were
called atall, would not ordain a constitution which
would never be accepted by this body; a consti-
tution differentin its fundamental principles from
that which is now presented; whether it would
not, in point of fact, forever preclude the people of
Western Virginia from making any application to
be admitted as a separate State into this Union.
[ Sir, I speak of what I know; I speak of whatl am
I fully advised by hundreds of letters received dur-
ing the last ten days, that the people of North-
western Virginia are utterly and irreconcilably op-
posed to any connection with these people in the
valley. They are opposed to it because they have
no commercial relations with them; they have no
industrial interests in common; they are discon-
nected by impassable mountain barriers. They
have-no close social relations with them. They
are differentin interests, different in social habits,
different in feelings, different in desires in this re-
spect; and I venture the assertion that out of the
140,000 inhabitants proposed to be included in the
new State from the counties of the valley, there
are not 5,000 that desire any union with us. As
was forcibly remarked by one of my colleagues
the other day, in reference to this matter, if we
were thus united in the same State organization,
it would be like tying two cats by the tail; we
should be forever fighting each other. They are
utterly and irreconcilably hostile in social rela-
tions and hostile in feeling.
What is the position we now occupy? Upon
those mountain barriers these two sections, which
it is proposed to unite,have been engaged in bat-
tle, and there they stand, with hands dripping in
each other's blood; and it is proposed by this bill
to unite them in one State municipality! The
people of the valley do not desire it. Why do
they not desire it? Look upon the map. Why,
sir, one of the counties named in this addition to
the new State is cut by the Tennessee railroad
passing through it for several miles. They have
convenient eastern markets in that section en-
tirely different from those markets in which West-
ern Virginia is interested, and with which West-
ern Virginia has connection. Then there is the
Central railroad, piercing the Blue Ridge, running
up into Augusta county, and thence up the valley.
Then there is the Manassas Gap railroad, run-
ning up to Strasburg, and projecting a connection
with the Central railroad at Staunton. They
have all markets in different directions from the
natural markets of West Virginia. They have
made connections in different directions. They
do not wish any union with us on this account.
They have separate interests; their markets are
different; and all their commercial connections are
different; and I say I was exceedingly astonished
that it should be proposed to include these coun-
ties with the counties of Northwestern Virginia,
^within the same State municipal regulations.
I have said about all that is proper for me to
say on that subject at this time. I merely desire
to suggest these' considerations to the Senate. I
hope they will be favorably received; and I trust
it will be the pleasure of the Senate not only to
vote down the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, but to strike out all of the bill that
 I have indicated, and insert my amendment. By
so doing you secure a new State, that will be per-
fectly homogeneous and identical in interests with
the great States of Ohio and Pennsylvania; the
great breakwater which the selfish policy of the
eastern government of Virginia has always in-
tei posed between those connections across West
Virginia will be swept away, and the people of
Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia will be
one people in interest, living together harmo-
niously; and the great resources of that section
of the State will no doubt be speedily developed;
while all this can be done without detracting one
iota from the interest, the welfare, the rights, or
the privileges of the eastern section of the State.
Mr. WADE obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the honorable
Senator whether he will not yield to me a moment.
Mr. WADE. Yes; if you have a motion to
make.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I move that this subject
be postponed. I make the motion in order, if the
Senate should agree to it, to move to take up for
consideration the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. 1 want to say a few words on
this subject. I am not going to make a speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I yield. The Senator
yielded to me.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to take time on
it now, but 1 wish to say that this printed bill re-
ported from the committee, I believo^did not re-
ceive the formal assent of the committee. For
myself, I was much more in favor of a bill em-
bracing the principles of the amendment which the
Senatorfrom Virginia now offers than the one now
before the Senate. This was rather a new propo-
