1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lilt"
pell ing- the Secretary of the Treasury to sell bonds
or notes bearing interest in coin may fix the rates
of those bonds and notes so that hereafter he may
not be able to dispose of them at favorable rates
when he receives Treasury notes in payment for
bonds.
The effect of this amendment will be, not to
compel him to sell notes or bonds bearing interest,
but that he may purchase coin with Treasury
notes.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand that the effect
of the amendment would be to allow the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the demand notes at
any price they will command. Of course, if it is
an objection, as has been stated, that by selling
bonds and notes bearing interest it would fix for
them a price below their par value, it seems to me
a still greater objection that by thus selling de-
mand notes we would fix for them a depreciated
price at once.
I wish to say further that a distinguished gen-
tleman from my State, who once served with rep-
utation a term in the Senate of the United States,
and who was redacted to serve afuither term,
but before taking his seat was struck down in
the discharge of professional duty in a court of
justice, by paralysis—that frequent destroyer of
those who overtax the intellect—had only time to
utter these last words, which, like the last words
of " the old man eloquent" in this Capitol, are
treasured up by those who were immediately con-
nected with him, "1 expected this, but not so
soon." So, sir, when the Treasury note bill came
back to the House fiom the Senate with the
amendments which were there introduced, and
which were adopted by this House, I expected
that this Government would be placed at the feet
of that power which lutes the world in relation
to this measure of relief, as it has now been, but
I did not expect it would occur so soon. I sup-
pose, however, that the only remedy now is, to
meet the legislation as it stands, and to submit
to such sacrifices now and hereafter as shall be
exacted, inasmuch as we did not place ourselves
in a position to avoid it when we had the power.
Wuli those general remarks—perhaps notcalied
for by this particular amendment, but very natu- j
rally suggested by such swift necessity for the bill j
—I desire to say again that the amendment does
not seem to me to be judicious and entitled to
ado ption, however it may strike the minds of other
gentlemen, and whatever may be its fate.
Mr. STEVENS. I must oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. The
effect of it would be to authorize the sale of what
is called currency—what we have made money.
The effect of the bill as it now stands is to sell our
loans or obligations. That I look upon as a very
different thing, and affecting a very different clays
of people from a proposition affecting the currency.
If you allow the sale of the demand notes or of
the l(jgal tender notes which we have created, you
at once fix a depreciation upon those notes, and
in all transactions of life this currency will have
become depreciated. So long as we confine this
depreciation to the bonds which arc nota currency,
although it is an evil arising from our unfortunate
legislation, yet it is an evil which affects but one
mail where the other would affect a thousand. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York will not be agreed to.
Air. BAKER. I wish to say a word m reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The effect
of this amendment, I think, would simply be to
place the Treasury notes in the same position as
the notes of non-spccie-paymg banks. At the
present time com is valued at two per cent, more
than such notes, and consequently the Secretary
would be compelled to give two per cent, m addi-
tion to the present value of the Treasury notes for
coin.
Air. PIKE. I dcsiie to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiwkxs] how soon any con-
siderable amount of interest upon our public debt
becomes due ?
Mr. STEVENS. I am not able to answer that
question. I have, however, a letter here from the !
Secretary of the Treasury, stating that the neces- ;
sity lor some coin is very urgent. ii
Air. PIKE. The only object of this bill is to I
pro\ sd<> for the interest on the public debt, is it?
Air. STEVENS. I suppose it is. That is the j
mam object, of course. I now ask the previous \
question on the bill. 1
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Baker was
disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, jt was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. Sl'EVENS. i move the previous question
on the passage of the bill. +
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I understand from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that there is no pressing business for to-
morrow, and I, therefore, move that when the
j House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARDING. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I discover that there is a statement going
tiie rounds of the newspapers 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman that no statement in a newspaper can
be a question of privilege.
Mr. HARDING. There is a statement going-
the rounds of the public newspapers in regard to
the Committee on Territories which, as a member
of that committee, I am not willing shall go longer
uncontradicted.
That is not a question of
The SPEAKER,
privilege.
Air. HARDING,
statement.
The SPEAKER.
I have not yet made my
There can be no question of
privilege arising out of newspaper statements.
Air. II AUDI NO. I want to call upon the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories for an expla-
nation.
The SPEAKER.'. The gentleman asks the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a peisonal
explanation. Is there any objection ?
S No objection was made.
Mr. HARDING. Tfle statement to which I
refer is this: that the chairman of the Committee
onTeintories has reported to this House a bill
providing, in substance, that all the seceding Slates
are to be remanded to the condition of mere terri-
tories, and further providing for their admission
into the Union hereafter upon certain stipulated
conditions.
Now, no such bill as that has been reported from
that committee to this House, and I am at a loss to
know how the public newspapers could ascertain
that any such proposition had been discussed in
that committee at all.
i make this statement in order that the chairman
of the committee, if he choosos to do so, may ex-
plain. No such bill has been reported. How it
should be known to the editors of these newspa-
pers that the question was even before the com-
mittee, lam at a loss to understand. The public
and the newspapers are even now discussing its
merits. I hold m my hand a paper in which" it is
discussed at length.
Mr. ASHLEY. In answer to the question of
the gentleman from Kentucky, I have this to say.
The Committee on Territories authorized me to
report to the House the bill referred to, and in-
structed me to obtain an order to have it printed
and recommitted. The day before the committee
were called, I gave to several gentlemen who asked
for it, copies of the bill, which had been printed
but not distributed. When the Committee on Ter-
ritories was called, I was not in my seat. Oncom-
ing m a moment after the committee was passed,
I asked leave to icpoit the bill—a privilege which
is seldom, if ever, denied any chairman of a com-
mittee—but with the courtesy usually manifested
on that side of the House, the privilege was re-
fused. I have seen no paper m which the bill ap-
peared as having been reported; only that it would
be reported when the committee was next called.
That is all I have to say m reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. HARDING. I hold in my hand a paper
in which it is represented that this bill had been
reported to the House, and moreover, that the
Senate Committee on Territories had concurred
in its provisions,
Mr. ASHLEY. If Kentucky papers make mis-
statements, neither the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories in the House nor the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories in the Senale
are responsible. I have consulted with a number
of the gentlemen of that committee in the Seriate
about this matter, but that committee have not
authorized its chairman to report this bill or any
other for action to the Senate, that I am a ware or.
•ul Thegentleman has consulted
with the Senate committee, has he? I was not
aware of that, either. In response, however, I
will make this statement, and ask the chairman
if it is not correct: only four members out of the
nine who compose the committee ever consented
that such a proposition should be reported to the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that it is not in order to state in the
House what has taken place in committee.
Mr. HARDING. It is a persona] explanation
in response to the gentleman's statement. I un-
derstood him to say that the Committee on Ter-
ritories had directed him to report such a bill to
this House, and that he had permitted it to jind
its way to the New York Tribune. I ask him
whether more than four outof nine members have
permitted such a report to be made; and, more-
over, whether he does not know that there was a
minority report prepared and ready to accompany
his report?
Mr. ASHLEY. Yes; I understood there was
to be a minority report.
Mr. HARDING. I have been waiting some
two weeks for the appearance of the gentleman's
report. I again ask him whether more than four
outof the mile members of the committee author-
ized him to report that bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
is against the express rule of the House. The
permission to make a personal explanation does
not authorize the gentleman to make public the
proceedings of a committee of the House.
Mr. HARDING. I wish to say, then, that the
responsibility rests on others, and not on myself
or those connected with me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that if
the time of the House were to be taken up in cor-
recting newspaper statements it could do little
else.
Mr. HARDING. I beg to say to the Speaker
that my remarks do not relate to newspapers, but
to the action of the chairman of the Committee
on Territories. It seems that propositions not
before the House were sent to the 'public news-
papers by lnm.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask leave of the House now
to report from the Committee on Territories the
bill to which the gentleman from Kentucky has
referred.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object to ja bill being
reported from a minority of any committee.
Mr. ASHLEY. I was directed by a majority
of the committee to report this bill.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
business in order was the call of committees for
reports of bills of a private character, beginning
with the Committee of Elections.
EUNICE COBB.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Eunice Cobb; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
JOIIN G. MINI.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Patents,
reported back with anamendmentabill (H. R.No.
223) to render valid and authorize the extension
of the letters patent granted to John G. Mini, on
the 13th day of November, 1844, and reissued on
the 24th day of August, 1852, and asked that it
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. ^It declares that letters pat-
ent granted to John G. Mini, on the 13th of No-
vember, 1844, for an improvement in the manu-
facture of lampblack, and reissued on the 24th of
August, 1852, shall be deemed valid, with the same
oflect as if they had been originally granted to him
as a subject of France; and the Commissioner of
