THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1, .
sition and was not very well considered, but it was
as good to bring the question before the Senate as
any other. This bill is open to many, if not all
the objections, in my judgment, that were urged
against-it by the Senator from Vermont. The
proposition that has been offered by the Senator
from Virginia, with some modifications, it seems
to me, I might be in favor of.
Mr. President, 1 have thought a great deal on
this subject, and it is a great subject. It is thein-
itiation of a new principle that probably will have
to be repeated often before we get through with
the great controversy in which we are engaged;
and there is much that may be said on the subject
on both sides. I have no fears, whatever, that
my position on the subject of slavery will be mis-
understood. I have 110 doubt that I have sufficient
capital invested on that subject to draw very lib-
erally upon on any occasion that may come up;
and therefore I feel entirely unembarrassed upon
these cjiiestions. I am a practical man. I care
very littleabouttheoiics. I go for practice. I have
looked at the condition of things in Western Vir-
ginia, and ( have come to the conclusion that it is
impossible for the people of Eastern and Western
Virginia to live together in harmony and peace.
It is not a new controversy among those people.
When I come to investigate it, i find that it has
existed for a long period of years; much of it prob-
ably growing out of the entire isolation of the two
sections; for there is really no communication be-
tween the east and west. As Governor Pierpont
remarked to me, " we have no communication
whatever, except it be furnishing a few members
of the Legislature, and a few innum-H oftheir peni-
tentiary. " In other respects, in commercial feel-
ing, in political feeling, in association, they are
entirely isolated. On Ibis subject of slavery they
feel entirely different. There is an animosity be-
tween (hem that is more intense, I believe, from
what I gather from the best men of that section,
than that which exists between any of the north-
ern and southern Slates. Under these circum-
stances the question is, shall they be compelled to
he joined with the other portions of the State
■wher&they will undoubtedly be put under the ban
of ft hostile legislation for years? They complain
that they have been heretofore. It is a standing
complaint with them that while taxes and burdens
have been imposed upon them by the vast majori-
ties of the eastern section, for internal improve-
ments and the like, they have been awarded no
benefit from them whatever, and this litis aggra-
vated the difference between them. They'have
no interest in this institution of slavery. Ah 1 un-
derstand it, they feel no interest in it; and now,
when i say that 1 do not feel any very great objec-
tions to the constitution they propose, it is on the
ground that it is all a slave country, and it is not
spreading slavery abroad; for it is my purpose,
no fur as my acts can go, to limit that institution,
if this constitution is adopted, it does not add a
single inch to slave territory; but, on the other
hand, it prepares slave territory immediately for
freedom.
Mr. SUMNER, My friend will allow mo to
suggest that it adds to the slave representation.
<We shall have two slave Senators in this bodv
g Mr WADE. I was about to speak of that,
ftnd I do not know but that constitutes a real ob-
jection. 1 know very well it takes but a very few
slaves, as we have experienced here, to give color
to the views of men, and their political sentiments
■ HCem to be entirely changed by a veiy little sla-
very. But, sir, we have no slave State condi-
tioned as this new State would be after this con-
stitution shall be adopted, it could look to noth-
ing else but the final extirpation of slavery at a
very proximate period. In all the other Stales
where they have but few slaves there seems to be
no disposition manifested to get rid of the institu-
tion. On the other hand, their members advocate
eternal slavery, and lay down the principle that
it ought to be cherished, that it ought to be main-
tinned, and they expect to maintain it forever.
How is it m a slave community who come up to
the principle of giving their assent to its final aboli-
sh tion, ami that only depending on the progress of
time? Can you find any other slave community
that will voluntarily come to Congress and pray
you to permit them to come in with a constitu-
tion that shall finally wipe out slavery in a few
years?
I do not like the proposition as it stands, be-
cause it is very objectionable to me to say that a
man born on the 4th day of July, 1863, shall be
free, and one boin the day before shall be forever
a slave. I do not like that provision. I should
much prefer to have it graduated so that all born
after the adoption of this constitution shall be free,
and that all between certain ages shall be free at a
certain period. That would be more in accord-
ance with those principles of gradual'emancipa-
tion by which slavery has been abolished in most
of the old thirteen States. I wish that that same
principle might he adopted here, whereby these
people could rid themselves of their connection
with the other portions of the State of Virginia,
and rid themselves at the same time of this ac-
cursed institution of slavery. They propose to
do that. Is it wise for us to reject their proposi-
tion ? I like the sound of the phrase that my friend
from Massachusetts seeks to adopt, that there
shall be neitherslavery nor involuntary servitude
in the State. 1 am the strongest advocate for pla-
cing that restriction on every Territory, because
without it slavery etui spread over the continent;
but when a slave State says to me, l( let me into
the Union undera reformed constitution that shall
extirpate slavery within a very few years," it pre-
sents a very different state of things. Nor tan I
believe that that would not influence the members
who may come here. They will come from a
State where slavery is under the ban; where it is
marked for destruction; where everybody knows
there would be no motive to cherish it, because it
is waning away, and must disappear very soon.
Mr. SIJMNER. Look at Delaware now.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; but I have attempted
already to make the distinction. Delaware has but
very few slaves, and she is tenacious, above all
things, to continue what she has, and, if possible,
of having more. If Delaware, with a reformed
constitution, should knock at our doors and say,
let us into the Union on this reform principle, put.r
ting slavery under the ban, declaring that it shall
be extirpated as unfit to live, and be done as early
as itean be done, as they propose in this case, you
would find after that no representative from Del-
aware on this floor who would stand forth as an
advocate of an institution branded with the mark
of Cain by his constituents, and about to die away.
I think that makes a distinction. It seems to me
that a State cherishing slavery, refusing and re-
sisting every attempt to do away with it in any
manner, treating every proposition to that effect
with indignation, scorn, and contempt, will be act-
uated,anil its representatives will be actuated by
very diflorent principles from a community who
have come up, as 1 said before, and voluntarily
fixed the mark of degradation, of extermination
upon the institution. I think they are different
cases. Therefore, knowing that this community
of Western Virginia have no interest in it, and, as
I have been assured by the principal men whose
influence is all potent there, that their Legislature
or thefirstconvention will repeal it, I do not think
it is a dangerous thing. I do not think I am step-
ping aside from the great principles on which I
have stood so firmly when I let in a State that
comes here saying, we will extirpate slavery, and
when their principal men, their Governor has said
to me over and over-ngain, the first Legislature
that convenes will do away with this thing; that
is, as fast as it can be done, considering the pro-
priety of all things.
My friend from Massachusetts, by his propo-
sition, strikes this institution down atone dash.
1 should like to see it go; hut I must look a little
to see what its effect will be, after all. Consider-
ing that for years past there has been such a fine
market forslaves,and everybody that owned them
has been tempted to sell them away, who does not
suppose that the remnant that is left in this com-
munity are mostly old worn-outmen and women,
who probably would not find their condition bet-
tered by the operation of the clause that my friend
seeks to put jn here. They are undoubtedly past
the prime of life, and they would be thrown, m
their old age, on their own resources, when, in
fact, those for whom they have labored all their
lives ought to be compelled to maintain them
throughout; and probably their condition will not
be improved if you adopt such a provision. Then
there are, undoubtedly, many younger ones; and
I want a provision that shall not be quite so ab-
rupt as this, which says that a person born one
aay shall be a slave forever, and one born the next
shall be free. I think there ought to be some pro-
vision made for them. As 1 have already inti-
mated, I should like to see an amendment provid-
ing that all the children who, at the time this con-
stitution takes effect, are fifteen or sixteen years
old shall be free at such an age—twenty-one, or
thirty-five, or something like a gradual emancipa-
tion. That has been found to work very well in
the old thirteen States, and I do not think the peo-
ple of Western Virginia would object to it.
But I do not propose now to argue this question.
I do not wish to argue it any more.than simply to
express my desire that the people in that region,
all anxious as they are for this law, may be grati-
fied. I do not want this bill as it stands. It takes
part of the valley of Virginia, where there are pro-
slavery men enough to give color to the whole of
it, and overrule it, for aught I know. They are
entirely different from the people on the other side
of the Alleghany mountains. There there is no
violent feeling in favor of slavery. Down in the i
valley they are as pro-slavery as they are on the
sea-coast, or anywhere else. I do not think it is >
wise to put them in. I never did assent to take
those counties in; although if it were known that
they would harmonize with the others, I should
not have any objection; but my opinion is they-'
would not.
Now, sir, it is said here by many that this bill
cannotbecome alnw atthis session. Iwoultlen- \
deavor to show, if we were not pressed for time, '
that it was constitutional; but I know that my
friend from Maine desiies to get up an appro-
priation bill, and I do not like to stand in his
way. I believe some of the best lawyers in the
Senate believe that the project of admitting this
State is entirely in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That it is expedient, j
that the people requite it; nay, that they are all
anxiety for it; that they ate alarmed for fear
they will be left in the hands of the old State, 1 j
know; and I think we ought to relieve them from <
that condition. I think justice requires it; I think
good policy of free State men requires it; and,asa
citizen of the State of Ohio, ad joining these peo-
ple, I infinitely prefer having m my own neigh-
borhood a good free State to a pro-slavery State. 1
That ts all I wish to say about it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With rufe renc$ to the
question before the Senate, I wish to say that I
feel very favorably to the admission of this pro-
posed State. I have not, however, been able to
examine the question myself, and I shall want to
be satisfied on one or two points. I make this re-
mark at this time simply to excuse myself for
making the motion that 1 shall make. I wish to
be satisfied, in the first place, that we can consti-
tutionally admit the State—not that I am ready to
express doubts on the subject, but that my mind
is yet uninformed in that particular; and I am
glad to hear my friend from Ohio say that some
of the best lawyers in the Senate, who have ex-
amined this question, have no doubts about it, I
presume, if that is the case, that I shall come at
the proper time to the same result.
There is one other thing I wish to say, sir, and
to say it now, in connection with what has been
said by my honorable friend from Virginia: that,
considering the position of this State, the small
number of slaves there is in it at the present time,
and the feelings of the people in regard to that
subject, I think it is not only our duty, but we
have the entire right to prescribe before the State
comes m that she shall put herself in a proper
position and an irreversible position on that sub-
ject; f mean with reference to the gradual aboli-
tion of slavery. I agree with my friend from Ohio
that when it is once fixed in such a manner as to
be irrevocable that slavery is to terminate in a
given time from the time it is so fixed, it becomes
a free State jn point of fact. People look at the
future condition, and they are willing to accept
the future condition if within a reasonable time,
if it is fixed in such a manner as in no way to bo
altered by any authority without the assent of
Congress, and without the assent of the General
Government. To that, I understand my honor-
able friend to say, the people of Western Vn-
ginia will have no objection. I am very glad to
hear it; but it should be placed m such a position
that no change of opinion on that subject should
enable the State to reverse that agreement which
has been made, and which bears with it two con.
siderations: not only the interests, or supposed
