2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
ter will be regulated by House bill No. 438, which
is reported by the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and before the House. This is intended to be in
conformity with the provisions of that bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand the substitute
to be now accepted.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been.
Mr. EDWARDS. And that debate is in order
upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate has been
closed upon the bill. The gentleman, however,
can speak five minutes m opposition to the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDWARDS. The appropriation proposed
by this bill, all will agree, has already been too
long delayed. A right which vested five monLhs
ago in the families of deceased soldiers has not
been responded to; and it seems to me that it is
quite time this House met that single question,
whether it will discharge this its obligation with-
out incumbering it with any other matters which
may lead to further delay.
Now, sir, the provision under which these fam-
ilies of deceased soldiers are entitled to receive
this bounty is explicit. It is that on the death
of a soldier, his widow or legal heirs are entitled
to the payment of §100. That single proposition
was contained in the bill which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and if they
had reported it back without connecting with it
other matters, it could have been passed in two
hours, while ithas been held in abeyance, though
all agree as to the propriety of its passage, for the
last two or three weeks. Now, sir, it has been
proposed to incumber it with further provisions.
The committee incumbered it with matters alto-
gether too extraneous, and although they may be
proper upon any other bill, I think that tliey had
better have been left out of this. Under the cir-
cumstances I hope that this will not be insisted
upon to embarrass the main proposition. The
committee thought pioper to report it in that form,
and ns I supposed it would not delay the adoption
of the other provisions, 1 made no objection to it.
I regarded the substitute, so far as it relates to this
subject-matter, as sufficient and satisfactory, I
so regard it now, but this amendment only serves
to embarrass and possibly delay the bill, which
ought to be passed at once.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Why did you
not except to it >
Mr. EDWARDS. I did not except to it be-
cause I had not the opportunity to do so; and if 1
had, perhaps it would not have prevailed. But
the sixth section of the statute of July last is ex-
plicit that the legal heirs, in the absence of any
widow, of a deceased,soldier, aie entitled to this
bounty. This amendment proposes to restrict
that term "legal heirs" to the widow, to the chil-
dien, to the father, the mother, and biothers and
sisters. Now, there are other legal heirs than the
above by tile laws of some States at least fiom
which soldiers have enlisted; and the first ques-
tion which arises is whether it is not a violation
of the faith pledged by the Government, when we
asked for the enlistment of these soldiers, prom-
ising them that a bounty of$100 should be paid,
according to the provisions of the law under
which they were enlisted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from New Hampshire objects to the additional
amendment. The amendment does not apply, of
course, to any deaths which have already taken
place, and so far as its application to the. future is
concerned, it seems to me to be a very proper one,
and one that ought to bo adopted by this House.
In relation to the delay of the bill various mat-
ters have intervened to postpone Us considera-
tion. It was postponed especially at the request
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions; and if there
is any regret about it it is moi e than compensated
by the return of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Edwards,] who, after an absence of
some days,comes back into this House and finds
the same sub)ect under discussion that was up
when he went away.
In regaid to matters not germane to the bill, I
suppose he alludes to the appropriation for addi-
tional clerks in the Pension Office. Those addi-
tional cleiks are necessaiy if this bill passes. It
is absolutely necessary that these cleiks should
be provided for, for otherwise the Pension Office
cannot conduct this business.
The other matters are simple and will not em-
barrass this bill. I hope that time will not be con-
sumed in the discussion of the measure, but that
it will be passed at once.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on the
amendment to the substitute.
Mr.ROSCOECONKLING. Whatisthepcnd-
ing amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment as it was
accepted by the gentleman from New York. It
was accepted as an amendment for all the other
amendments to the substitute. It is, therefore, an
amendment in the second degree, and cannot be
amended.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. To what substi-
tute is it an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute reported
by the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to know whether
the term her<'qf!f r was intended to include the cases
where death has already occurred in the military
service of the country? If it does not, it certainly
ought to be made to do so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make a re-
quest of the gentleman from New York, who pro-
posed this amendment. It is not probable that
the children of any of the volunteers have aided
in this rebellion, and it is not probable that the
fathers of any of them have done so; and there-
fore I suggest to him that it would bo best not to
leave the language of the amendment as it now
reads, because then it would carry the implication
that the children and fathers of our volunteers
who had been killed had aided and assisted in this
rebellion. I hope the language of the amendment
will be changed in that regard.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. There is no rea-
son why a " father" should be inserted in this
amendment, and I would be glad if the committee
could be brought to vote separately on thatprop-
osition. The idea is to repair whatever losses
may result to those who are dependent upon the
soldier for support. The committee will agree
with me that the father is no more likely to be
than the brothers or sisters, or so much so, and
I see no reason why we should exclude brothers
and sisters and include the father. There is no
reason of humanity or liberality to commend it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Many an aged father has
lost an only son upon whom he was dependent
for support.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. So many a sis-
ter has lost an only brother.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is not in
order.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 hope that the committee
will allow me for a moment the same indulgence
they have extended to others.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me make an inquiry. I
understand the language of the proposed substi-
tute now pending to be, that its application shall
be to deaths hereafter occurring in the Army. It
was stated that a previous section provided for
those which had already occurred. I find, on
looking at it, that there is but one provision re-
ferring to it, and that this $5,000,000 is to be ex-
clusively appropriated for the benefit of the wid-
ows and children of those who may hereafter fall
in battle. I know that that is not the intention of
my friend fiom New York. I know that he de-
siies that this measure should have a retrospect-
ive as well as apiospectivc operation; and, there-
fore, to carry out that purpose some amendment
is necessary.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope that there will be.
no objection to my occupying the floor for a mo-
ment. All these suggestions show that we have
not time now properly to consider this matter.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions has reported
a bill which has been made a special order, and
in which all of these matters can be regulated.
We ought not now to permit them to delay the
payment of what is already due. I would pro-
vide for that m this bill, and then let the other
matters go over until we could perfect legislation
in respect to them m one bill. There aie many !
details to be considered which will require time.
Let us at once, then, make provision for those
cases where the soldier has died. It is money
that has been long duo and much needed. I hope,
therefore, that these other matters will not be ln-
coipoiated m this bill to lead to further delay.
The amendment to the substitute was rejected;
there being, on a division, ayes twenty-six, noes
not counted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That no bounty shall be paid to the heirs of
any volunteer who shall have died or been killed unless
such volunteer left surviving lum a wife, parent, or child,
brother or sister.
Mr. Chairman, I ask that the sense of thcom-
mittee shall be taken on that amendment, which
is in thesprecise language in which it was origin-
ally submitted by me. It provides that no money
shall be paid to the heirs of any volunteer who
shall die hereafter unless he leaves surviving him
some person near akin to him.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I want to say a word
to the committee, and only a word. This bill pro-
poses to pay to the legal heirs—no matter who
they may be, whether the soldier ever saw them
or they ever saw the soldier, however collateral
or remote—certain money out of the Treasury,
because the soldier is slain in battle or dies of his
wounds.
Mr.ODELL. I desire to call the attention ofmy
colleague to the language of the sixth section of
the act passed by us at the extra session in July,
giving to such soldier a bounty of §100. That
act says distinctly that the legal heirs of such as
die or may be killed in the service shall be enti-
tled to this §100.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was just about
to allude to that subject, and I was just going to
say that no reason existed under the sun, that no
reason in justice or propriety can be assigned for
this provision, except that in July an act was
passed which used the phraseology " heirs," in
speaking of the bounty to be paid soldiers' legal
hens, and that em braces every body under heaven,
whether kin or not, and that, too, in a bill the
only object of which was to restore the loss, so
far as money can restore it, to those who are be-
reft of the means of support because their rela-
tives and supporters are slain in battle. Now,
let us see whether this bill of July supplies any
reason at all why we should do this. I see none,
if it confines the bounty, as the amendment con-
fines it, to those who shall be slain. My colleague
[Mi-.Odell] has in mind vested rights. Who gets
a vested right? I say that no vested rights inure
to anybody. In the first place, the heirs are no
party whatever to the contract of enlistment un-
der the act as it now stands, and that is an answer
to the whole thing.
In the next place, proposing, as we do, to ap-
ply the amendment now to the deaths and disa-
bilities which shall accrue hereafter, there is no-
body who suffers in that case, because the soldier
himself is excluded from this provision. Then
who is left that has a vested right? Let some
gentleman tell me if he can.
Mr. EDWARDS was understood to say that
the soldier had a vested right upon his enlistment
to have the money applied to his benefit, accord-
ing to the inducements held out to him by an ex-
isting law.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
says that the soldier has a vested right, upon his
enlistment, to have this money applied for his
benefit.
Mr. EDWARDS. In the way provided.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Now, it was not
to be applied in that way cxcept upon a certain con-
tingency,to wit, his death. Now, what becomes
of the right to apply it for his benefit? Had the
soldier a vested right, that was contingent upon
the event of his death, to have his bread cast upon
the waters, and to have it go to some relative so
remote that he never saw him ?
Mr. EDWARDS. Suppose he had a niece or
other relative that would be entitled under the
law as it stood, but not under the amendment?
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
wants to know whether a niece would be cut off.
She would be. But suppose the soldier had some
person, not of kin to him at all, dependent upon
him for support, would not that person be cutoff
by the original bill ? Undoubtedly. And the ques-
tion is"whether we are exercising bad faith by doing
now what we have done repeatedly heretofore ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ODELL. I ask the Clerk to read the sixth
section of the act of July 22, 1861.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
"Sec. 6. ^.nd be it further enacted, That any volunteer
