THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1861.
New Series No. 7.
suspend the habeas corpus is not, in time of civil
war, in the Executive; and secondly, I want them
to consider whether now is the day and now is
the hour to make this inquiry in reference to what
has been done heretofore towards the suppression
of this rebellion.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, this dis-
cussion is the same, 1 think, substantially, that
was forced upon us at the last session by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky who went from his seat in
the Senate to join the rebel army, and make his
efforts there more efficient toward the overthrow of
the Government than he had succeeded in making
them here. If that Senator were here now, I have
no doubt he would advocate the passage of this
resolution, and that he would return his thanks
to the mover of it; and, sir, I entertain no doubt,
without intending the least reflection upon gen-
tlemen whoadvocate the passage of the resolution,
that its passage would be the occasion of universal
rejoicing with every traitor heart in the land. 1
know, sir, that the mover of the resolution is
actuated by no hostility to the Administration. I
know there is not a Senator here whose heart is
more fully, entirely, and singly with the Admin-
istration m the support of all its measures for the
suppression of this rebellion than his is; but I
cannot give my support to the resolution, for two
reasons, at least, if there were no others.
In the first place, I regard the time at which the
inquiry is proposed as the most inopportune that
could possibly have been selected. At a time
when the energiesof every department of the Gov-
ernment are taxed to their utmost capacities and
powers of endurance to meet and put down a for-
midable rebellion, threatening the very overthrow
of the Government, and at a time when we are
probably on the very verge of a rupture with one
of the most powerful nations of the earth, whose
power is to be united with that of the rebels in
the fierce struggle with us, I think it would be far
better for us to expend our time and our energies
in devising the means for the successful prosecu-
tion of the war, and the suppression of the rebel-
lion, than to waste it in what will have the appear-
ance, whether it is so in fact or not, and make
the impression over all the country of an assault
upon the Administration. Harmony between the
different branches of the Government, the exec-
utive head of the Government, the Cabinet, the
Senate, the House of Representatives, the Army,
the judiciary—harmony and united action among
all the departments of the Government is of the
very first impoitance to the success of the cause
in which we arc engaged, and the success of which
we have so much at heart. Whatever the inten-
tion of the resolution may be, its adoption will
produce the impression on the public mind, and
to that extent demoralize and enervate the public
mind, that it is a war between the congressional
and the executive branches of the Government;
that the Senate has put itself m hostility to the
measures of the Executive; that they are at war
with each other, instead of being unitedly at war
with the rebels; and that impression will do us
more harm with the people throughout the coun-
try—the loyal citizens of the country—than any
hundred resolutions that we could pass herewould
repair. For that reason, I am not willing to vote
for the resolution.
Again, sir, 1 am unwilling to vote for the res-
olution, because it is advocated by a number of
Senators who make no charges against the Ad-
ministration, and who are not hostile to the Ad-
ministration on tins distinct giound. One Senator
advocates the passage of the resolution on the dis-
tinct ground of danger from the tyranny of arbi-
trary arrests,and another says in the most emphatic
terms that a refusal to adopt the resolution is an
indorsement of usurpations by the Government.
I am not willing, when a resolution is thus advo-
cated, that it shall ever go to the country with the
sanction of my vote. This debate goes to the coun-
try; the lesohuion goes to the country advocated
upon these reasons, and it goes with the indorse-
ment of the Senate. Whaf other conclusion can
the country come to, or will the country arrive at
than that the Senate by itsdeliberaie vote has fixed
upon this Administration, upon the President, and
upon the Cabinet, the charge that the Senator from
Kentucky, not now here, spent the whole of his
time and the whole of his talents during the last
session to fix upon the Administration—the charge
of tyranny, usurpation, lawlessness of action, and
disregard of all constitutional guarantees for the
rights of citizens?
Mr. President, who has been arrested and im-
prisoned that ought not to have been arrested and
imprisoned? Willgentlementellns? Will they tell
us who the suffering citizen is ? I understand that
Mr. Faulkner, one of our foreign ministers under
a previous Administration, when he returned to
the United States, was arrested in a loyal State,
or in a loyal district, just as other arrests have
been made, upon the authority of the Executive,
and imprisoned by the authority of the Executive
without having passed through the ordinary forms
required by municipal law. Is his imprisonment
one of the acts of usurpation for which the Ad-
ministration is to be censured? I entertain no
doubt, sir, either of the power or of the propriety
of the exercise of the power, or, more, of the
bounden duty of the Government to exercise the
power on every suitable and appropriate occasion.
Now, sir, permit me to ask a question of the
learned Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
than whom there is no man whose opinion carries
more authority with me. When he admits that
these arrests are all in violation of the Constitu-
tion, and announces his purpose nevertheless to
sustain them upon th<* ground of necessity, per-
mit me to ask him if one of the leaders of the re-
bellion from the South, Jefferson Davis or General
Beauregard, should make his appearance in one
of the loyal States of this Union, should be upon
its borders making his escape back to the rebel
districts, whether he doubts for an instant the
power of the President, of the executive depart-
ment of the Government, by telegraph, to order
his instant arrest and incarceration without await-
ing the delay that conformity to the requirements
of municipal law would make necessary?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Docs the Senator want
an answer?
Mr. BROWNING. I would be pleased to have
an answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, with reference
to that, I will say that I should grab such a fellow
wherever I found him, without the slightest hesi-
tation in the world; and, with rcguid to any man
who is known to have committed an overt act of
treason, I have no doubt of the legality of seizing
him anywhere. But I went further, if the Sena-
tor will recollect. I spoke not with reference to
Maryland and places directly about the seat of
war, and where military operations are carried on,
because those depend upon a different principle.
The war power will justify those unquestionably.
My reference was to seizures of men in States
wheie there were no military opeiations at all—
distant States; and I said, even with regard to
those, that while I believed there had been eases
of arrest merely on suspicion, and therefoie with-
out warrant of law, in times like these, if in the
opinion of the Executive the public good requires
that a particular individual should be arrested
and imprisoned, and he acted with good motives
throughout, he was only acting m times like these
according to his duty, and I stood ready to defend
the act and to thank the man who, placcd in a
high position, chooses willingly to incur the haz-
ard to himself of proceeding without the forms of
law for the purpose of advancing the public good.
That was the position 1 took, sir. With regard
to the Senatoi's general question touching Mr.
Davis and all people of that description, I take it
there cannot be two opinions.
Mr. BROWNING. You concede the consti- j
tutionahty of his arrest?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably. ;
Mi. BROWNING. 1 thank the Senator from I
Maine for his clear, distinct, and manly answer s
to the question I put to him. The Senate will
thank him, and the country will thank him. He
has conceded all that is necessary to secure the
defeat of this resolution.
Now, sir, if it be constitutional to make an ar-
rest under these circumstances, who is to judge
of the necessity and the propriety of the arrest?
Are we to do it? When it is made,are we to call
on the Executive to communicate to us why he
did it, and give to us an exposition of his author-
ity for doing so ? No, sir; and in every other in-
stance where the arrest is made, the Executive is
to judge of the necessity for the time being, and as
long as the necessity exists; until the emergency,
until the danger out of which the necessity arose,
has passed, until all peril to the country has blown
over, until we are again secure upon our founda-
tions, the Executive, and he alone, is to exercise
the function of judgment, the power of determi-
nation; and yet, sir, his is not an ultimate judg-
ment. If he becomes, as he is charged with hav-
ing become, a usurper, if he becomes a tyrant, if
he uses this constitutional power as a mere pre-
text for oppression, his judgment is not an ulti-
mate one. When the appropriate time comes, we
can investigate his conduct and punish his dere-
lictions; but this is not the appropriate time. Let
us now concentrate our efforts against the rebels;
let us fight them; let it not go to the country that
we have ceased to make war upon them, and have
turned our batteries upon a coordinate depart-
ment of the Government. When we do that, we
become the aiders and abettors of treason, and we
give aid and comfort to rebellion everywhere by
the adoption of any such resolution or any such
measure at this time.
The Senatorfrom Maryland gives us thegratify-
ing intelligence that Maryland is now represented
in the other branch of Congress by men sent here
by a majority of thirty thousand loyal votes from
that Stqte. I rejoice with him, sir, at a result of an
election in that State so much to be desired, so grati-
fying to the country, and so valuable to our cause;
but, Mr. President, I think it by no means without
doubt, I think it a problem not easy of solution,
whether any such result would ever have been
obtained in Maryland if there had been no exer-
cise upon the traitors that infested that State of
the power that is now denounced. Maryland had
her traitors as well as her loyal citizens. Illinois
has her traitors. Every State in this Union—I
blush to make the acknowledgment—has her trai-
tors as well as her loyal citizens. Are we not to
touch them? Are we to permit a traitor m Maine,
a traitor in Connecticut, a traitor in Illinois, who
can do our cause a hundred-fold the injury and
bring upon us a hundred times the disasters that
twenty traitors in the rebel States can ? Are we to
permit them to roam the land at large, debase the
public mind, inform themselves of every measure
of Government, and communicate the intelligence
to the enemy to defeat the movements of our Army
or Navy? Are they to stalk the land with the
shield of the Constitution over them—the protec-
tion of the Constitution for the destruction of
which they are exerting all the powers they have ?
And when the Administration—which deser\es
our thanks for its vigilance, for its manliness m
taking responsibility—has ferreted them out, and
laid its hand upon them, arc we to denounce that
Administration because it arrested them in a loyal
State? Sir, if there are different degrees of denun-
ciation due to tiauors, if theie weie different de-
grees of punishment that ought to be \isited upon
traitors, those who infest the loyal States, and
make war upon the Government that is foccYmg
them, upon the people who protect them, deserve
a thousand-fold more of our denunciation and of
our punishment, if we could give it to them, than
traitors who are in arms in open rebellion against
the Government. One of them is to some extent
redeemed by his manliness of warfare, whilst the
other adds to the crime of treason all the accumu-
lated ciimes of perfidy and hypociisy and cow-
ardice,as the soldier behind me from Kansas [Mr.
Lane] suggests,
