1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
the war, that its publication was sanctioned by
them.
Mr. GOOCH. As that testimony has been
made public, I feel bound to state, wjth the per-
mission of the gentleman from Missouri, the ac-
tion of the committee on the conduct of the war
in reference to it.
General Fremont came before the committee the
same as all other witnesses that appeared before
us. The committee deemed it essential that they
should inquire into the conduct of the war in the
western department, and for that purpose begun,
as they have begun in all other departments, where
it has been possible for them to do so, by bring-
ing before them first the general in command of
the department.
When he appeared before the committee he pro-
duced certain documents, from which he said the
committee could select such parts as they deemed
material. It was suggested by the chairman of
the committee—and in that the whole committee
agreed—that General Fiemont had better make a
concise statement in writing, such as he wished to
make in reference to the conduct of the war in his
department. He did so; and when that statement
was submitted these documents were submitted
with it. They were not, however, received by
the committee with the understanding that all of
them were to be published in the report the com-
mittee were to make to Congress, but only such
parts as they should deem material to the investi-
gation which they had been instructed to make.
At a subsequent time General Fremont appeared
before the committee, and certain questions were
asked him, in relation to the western department,
which he answered. When General Fremont left
the committee room he was requested by the com-
mittee, as ail other witnesses have been, to give no
information to any one of what he had stated to
the committee. With that request I understood
him to comply, the same as all other witnesses
have done.
I only wish to say further, that the testimony
was published without the knowledge or consent
of the committee; and I will add that I do not be-
lieve that under any circumstances the committee
would have felt it to be their duty to have reported
to Congress all the letters and telegraphic dis-
patches which were laid before them, because they
would have considered that some of them would
throw no light upon the investigation which the
committee was making, and ought, from their very
character, to be suppressed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
if all General Fremont's testimony is published ?
Mr. GOOCH. The written statement and the
letters and dispatches which he gave to the com-
mittee are published, but not that part of his test-
imony which was in response to interrogatories
propounded to him by the committee. He did not
give to the committee the original letteisand dis-
patches, but copies of them, and said that he
would furnish the ongmals when we desired them.
He had no copy of that part of lus testimony
which was in response to interrogatories, and
therefore could not publish that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, the
character of this statement is as extraordinary as
the manner in which it has found its way betore
the public. It is an apology for disaster and de-
feat; ingenious upon its face by the omission of
important facts, and by the suggestion of others
which never existed. It proves him to be a much
better apologist for the defeats which he suffered,
than he is a general to achieve victories. One of
his atds-de-camp, a gentleman distinguished as
a literary man, lias also published an account of
his campaign m Missouri, m one of our popular
magazines, under the title of*' Fremont's Hundred
Days m Missouri," thereby challenging compari-
son with the far-famed campaign of Bonaparte.
Is there anything m this campaign, as poruayed
by the genulal himself, and by his several aids-
de-camp, that resembles, except in the number ot
days, the historic campaign of the first Napoleon '
Can imagination conceive of Bonaparte returning
to Pans, and announcing that he had lost two
armies, liberated two negroes, and published a
bombastic proclamation.
It is known, Mr. Chairman, that_I took an
interest in the elevation of General Fremont to
his present rank and recent command m the
Army. I do not suppose that my recommenda-
tion aided him in securing him that position,
but it shows the good feeling I entertained for
him, and the confidence I had in him at the time.
I should have rejoiced in his success in the de-
partment over which he was placed. I had been
his friend for many years, and my whole fam-
ily had been most friendly to him and to his fam-
ily. The kindest lelations had always existed be-
tween us. I should have rejoice(Lin his success,
not only on account of the grea republic cause in
which we were both engaged, but also on account
of my personal interest in him. I recommended
him in the belief that he would serve the great
public interest, and when"I found he was incom-
petent to serve that cause, I recommended his re-
moval upon the same public considerations, and
with no other feelings than those of humiliation
and regret. There is nothing in the letter that I
addressed to my brother, the Postmaster General,,
and through him to the President, that shows that
I Jiad one particle of feeling against him. The
conviction which was forced upon me, came with
grief and mortification, such as I have never be-
fore experienced. My judgment, uninfluenced
by any motives except those for the public good, •
compelled me to the conclusion that General Fre-
mont was unfitted for the command of that depart-
ment. I neverJiad any private griefs against him
of any kind. 1 never asked anything of him for
myself, because there was nothing I desired that
I could have obtained by his aid, which I could
not just as well have obtained without it. I never
asked for anything for others, that he did not
cheerfully assent to, and, so far as it was in his
power, grant.
Now, sir, I have read with attention the state-
ment, he has made through the press, and I have
read also the speech of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr.Shanks,] whofollowed him to Spring-
field as an aid-de-camp, and I can find nothing in
either to justify the enthusiasm which that gen-
tleman seems to feel over a sad recoid of defeats
and unvaried disasters. The one is a tame apology,
the other a sort of frothy rhetoric and confused
declamation. There are two great points which
will forever stand out in relief in the history of those
hundred days, the saddest days that ever befell the
loyal men of that State, which no rhetoric and no
studied obscurity of expression can shield from
view or make the nation forget. Those two great
points of public interest upon which the sad eyes
of the nation will always b'e fixed, are Springfield
and Lexington; the fields where the heroic Lyon
fell, and where Mulligan yielded, not to the foe,
but to famine and thirst. What had the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Sharks] to say about
them? Absolutely nothing! What has General
Fremont said about them in his statement? He
treads lightly on that ground. The other histo-
rian, who has chosen a popular magazine for his
forum, finds little time to bestow upon them. Rut
I will do General Fremont the justice to quote his
own language:
" Ft oni St Louk to Cairo was an eacy day's joumej- by
watei, and ttunsportation abundant. To Springfield was a
week's, match, and before I could have reached it, Caiio
would have been taken, and with it, I believe, St. Louie*.
" On my at rival at Cauo, I round the force under General
Prentiss Reduced to one thousand nvo hundred men, con-
sisting mainly of a legiment winch hadagieed to await my
arrival.
u A t'cwmilc-sbelow, atNewMadtid,General Pillowhad
landed a force estimated at twenty thousand, which saib-
isequent event-' showed wa> not exaggerated. Oiu force,
greatly mcieased to the enemy by tumor*, drove him to a
hastv'ietieat, and peimanently seemed the position. To
these fact"* the aecompaimng papers and the testimony ot
General Pientis* and other "otficeis is offered to the com-
mittee.
" I relumed to St. Lour-on the 4th August, having lit the
mean tune ouleicd Colonel Ste\f*n&on*h legiment, hom
Hoonevdle, and Colonel Montgomery, tiom Kansas, to
march to the jehef of Geneiai Lyon.
| "• Immediately upon my leunn noni Cairo, 1 «et myself
I to wot k, amid incessant demand* upon my time from every
i quatter, pimeipaily to provide reinforcements for General
;j Lvon.
;i " ! du notacccpt £pt ingfieldas adisastei belonging to mv
j! adrmmstiation. Cau^e^ whollv outofm> juiMUction had
: aheady prepaied the defeat oi General Lsoti betoie my ar-
il aval at ^t. Louh. ills letter to me of the 9th Augu-t, with
|; othei papeit annexed, will ^how that I \v is ahead} m eom-
j] inunieation with him. ami that ho knew his want-* were
il b< nig psovided foi. It will be seen that I had all rea^ona-
I! iile. expectation-, of being able to lehev him in tune, and
! had he been able to aditeto 10 the coui>e indicated m his
| Iettei. a ve v shoit tune would have found him efficiently
; sustained ""
His defense for not succoring Lyon at Spring-
;j field is that Cairo was threatened; that it was an
ij easy day Js journey from St. Louis by water, and
tl transportation abundant; that Lyon was at Spring-
field, a week's march from St, Louis, and that
he does not accept Lyon's defeat as belongingto
his administration. Now, I undertake to say,
that it is true Cairo was within an easy day's
journey from St. Louis by water, and less by rail-
road, that it could be reached from Springfield,
Illinois, as easily and in as short a time. From In-
dianapolis, the capital of Indiana, from Columbus?
Ohio, from almost any point in any of the north?
western States, Cairo was not more than'an easjr
day's journey by water or by railroad. It was
and is, the point of all others, most accessible to
the entire Northwest, and easily reinforced. It was
also intrenched, defended by eight thousand men,
and with ordnance of the heaviest caliber. Gen-
eral Prentiss had as many men as Lyon and more,
as shown by their statements, accompanyingGen-
eral Fremont's defense. McCulloch and Price,
according to Fremont's statement, had one third
more men to attack Lyon than Pillow had to as-
sail Cairo, as it was then said he was threatening
to do. Lyon was without fortifications and with-
out heavy guns, Prentiss had both at Cairo, and
that place was covered by two rivers in front, and
could not have been assailed without crossing
them, which it was utterly impossible for the
enemy to do, in face of an army to oppose them.
It is pretended and attempted to be shown by
a dispatch from General Prentiss, that his army,
consisting of six " three months"and two "three
years" regiments, was about to be disbanded,
and the statement of General Prentiss is left un-
explained, and the argument boldly advanced
that without reinforcements he could have had
but two regiments left to defend the post. The
truth of the matter is, as shown'by General Pren-
tiss in a subsequent dispatch, that these six
" three months" regiments were then in process
of ieorgamzation;and 1 say they did not disband,
but icentered the service almost in a body for
the war. Cook's regiment, Oglesby's regiment,
McArthur's regiment, the regiment originally
raised by Prentiss, were all *' three months"
men. They remained in the service; they re-
mained at Cairo, and the other two regiments
of " three months" men, whose names I do not
now remember, remained also, and all have since
made their names illustrious at the siege of Fort
Donelson. But if a portion of Prentiss's com-
mand were 44 three months" men, so also were
a majority of the troops under Lyon's command,
at Springfield. Springfield was a week's march
from St. Louis, and was capable of being rein-
forced only from that point. Yet General Fre-
mont believed and acted upon the belief that
Cairo, threatened by Pillow with twenty thou-
sand men, was the point to be reinforced, although
it was strongly intrenched, garrisoned by eight
regiments, defended by guns of the heaviest cali-
ber, with the Ohio and Mississippi rivers in front,
and capable of being reinforced within twenty-
four hours from any part of the entire Northwest;
and thatLyonatSpringficld, threatened by thirty
thousand men, having under his command a less
force than that at Cairo, with no intrenchments,
with no heavy guns, with no natural defenses in-
terposed between him and the enemy, a week's
march from St. Louis, from which point alone it
could be effectually reinforced, was to be left to
his fate, or to be left to wait until Cairo, naturally
so much stronger, and with its artificial defenses
so much better, so much more easily reinforced,
and defended by more men, should first be at-
tended to. This is the amplification of his own
argument. Let him be judged on his own state-
ment.
So thoroughly was he possessed by this idea
that he seems utterly to have forgotten Lyon and
Springfield until the 3d day of August, nine days
after his arrival in Missouri. A messenger came
from Lyon repeating the sad story of his distress
and peril, which was forwarded to Cairo, and Gen-
eral Fremont on that day telegraphed an order to
Stevenson at Booneville and Colonel Montgomery
at Leavenworth m Kansas, ordering them to rein-
force Lyon with their regiments. These two reg-
iments were probably the two of all others m his
command the farthest from Springfield by the
routes which they would be compelled to lake, and
in positions the must difficult to supply them im-
mediately with transportation. This is literally
all that Fremont ever did to reinforce Lyon. You
may search his statement—every letter, every tel-
egram, and every document—and you will find
