3042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
and for us by ft general law to allow an indefinite
number of men to be raised by the Executive is
not discharging our duty properly. T donotthink
W8 thereby show any greater confidence in the
Administration; but! do not wish to be embar-
rassed with that question one way or the other.
Whither it is showing a greater confidence or less
Confidence in the Administration, 1 trust we all
have sufficient confidence in it to discharge our
duty in such a way as shall enable it to crush out
this rebellion.
The question for us is, what is our duty? Is it
our duty to divest ourselves of our prerogative?
Can we do it? Can we discharge our duty prop-
erly when we in fact abdicate our authority and
give up control over the Army by passing a law
which authorizes the Presidenf to call out just as
many troops as he pleases, for the Senator from
New York admits that that is the present condi-
tion of things. He says the limitation of a mil-
lion is no limitation at nil practically, for nobody
supposes we shall ever call out a million of men.
Then, practically, wo are divesting ourselves of
whM it is our duty to do. We are breaking the
Constitution of the United States to that extent.
Instead of holding in Congress the power to raise
armies and defining how large an army shall be
raised, we surrender that power to the Executive.
That I am not for doing. If the limitation of seven
hundred and fifty thousand is too small a number,
limit it to eight hundred or nine hundred thousand.
Limit it somewhere; but are seven hundred and
fifty thousand too few troops? We have tried
here time and again to ascertain how many troops
we have in the field. I should like to inquire of
anymemberof the Military Committee if we have
five hundred thousand men in the field.
Mr. KING. I will reply to the Senator that
our information is not definite as to the number;
but from what I have understood we probably
have that number.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Five hundred thousand in
the field ?
Mr. KING. Not in the field by any means.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Including the sick and the
disabled soldiers?
Mr. KING. As to how many are siclt and
disabled, and how many are in garrison, not in
the field, wo have not definite information our-
selves, and, of course, cannot communicate it.
Mr. GRIMES. How near can you approxi-
mate ?
Mr. KING. Otir best information is that the
whole number is between five and six hundred
thousand, varying considerably. My informa-
tion is that wo have had over six hundred thou-
sand in all.
_ Mr.TRUMBULL. We have had as many as
six hundred thousand recruited. Wo can supply
the places of those killed in battle without any
increase of the Army. The places of those who
have been discharged by reason of sickness can
be supplied. Now, can it bo that we want more
than naif a million of men in the field ? We have
a general knowledge of armies, all of us, and wo
know well that we have and can have no use for
fivs hundred thousand men in the field, in the
present contingency. We cannot manage them.
A much loss number of men would be just as
efficient. Can it be possible that the Committee
on Military Affairs are providing for more than a
quarter of a million of sick and disabled soldiers?
That will not include those who are dead, or who
die in battle, because their places can be supplied;
but can it bo possible that seven hundred and fifty
thousand men is notenough ? Is not five hundred
thousand efficient men enough ? Does anybody
suppose that two hundred and fifty thousand are
going to be sick and unable to discharge their
duty at any time ? It seems to me almost incredi-
ble that seven hundred and fifty thousand should
not be enough; but if it is not, I say then put the
limit somewhere else; but I do trust some limit
will be imposed. I am for keeping in the limit
of seven hundred and fifty thousand. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have given us no spe-
cific information about it. They simply say that
they think it is not best to limit it. They do not
show us why. They give no reason for this. I
cannot conceive what is to be done with more
than seven hundred and fifty thousand men. The
reason which they give is that some of them will
besick.disabled. Howmariy? Will one hundred
thousand be sick and disabled? That number ■
would fill all the hospitals in the land with troops,
and then you would have six hundred and fitty
thousand left.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not know the aggre-
gate number of troops that have been enlisted,
but sickness and casualties, it is apparent, have
diminished the number, whatever it may be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How manv does the Sen-
ator understand to have been disabled ?
Mr. NESMITH. I do not undertake to say
what number has been disabled and rendered unfit
for service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be that some state-
ments which we have heard of the number of
effective men in the field are in excess of the real
numbers. I do not wish, however, to prolong
this discussion; but I think it is proper that we
should impose some limit; and I think it is more
particularly proper, when we reflect that we have
had so much difficulty in ascertaining how many
men there are in the field. Strange as it may
seem, we have never been able to know within
one hundred thousand the number of men we
have. It has been stated as high as three quar-
ters of a million; and a lower estimate has been
gi-ven. I hope this limitation will be retained;
and also the limitation in regard to the generals.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator from
Illinois who has just taken his seat, has stated to
the Senate that the Senator from Connecticut,
meaning myself, I suppose, brought before the
Senate the question of a want of confidence in the
Administration, Now I am unwilling that the
Senator from Illinois should make that statement
without a contradiction from me. I have brought
no such question before the Senate. 1 think the
Senator must forget the circumstances of the de-
bate last Friday. He himself brought the ques-
tion before the Senate. He assailed the President,
and assailed me directly for sustaining the Presi-
dent, in certain appointments which he had made.
I will refresh his memory in regard to it. The
Senator said:
" We hear of a military Governor in North Carolina.
Has his name been sent to tlie Senate? Was lie appointed
by the, advice and consent of the Senate? No, sir. Is there
any law of Congress vesting the power in the President to
appoint a military Governor in North Carolina? I believe
it was the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] who ad-
vocated that right. Sir, the President can no more make
a Governor of North Carolina than the Senator from Con-
necticut; no more than the most obscure citizen in the
State of Connecticut. It is wholly without constitutional
authority."
Then he went on to address himself to me:
" Docs the Senator from Connecticut insist that tho Pres-
ident can at will, without the consent of the Senate or the
sanciion of law, create on office so important as that, one
which, in its consequences, may shape this whole struggle ?
"Mr. Dixon. The Senator asks mo the question. Does
he desire a reply?
" Mr. TitBMBur.i,. I shall be glad, if there is a reply, to
hear it."
Then I went on to reply, and in that reply I
stated that I justified the action of the President
in this precise particular, and I said that I thought
the Senator from Illinois in assailing this act was
assailing the Administration. He argued at great
length, as he had before and has since done,
against the power of the President to appoint any
such officers, and he stated in the course of his
remarks that the appointment of Governor Stanly
was wholly differen t from that of Governor John-
son. I will barely call the attention of the Sen-
ate to what is stated in the response of tho Secre-
tary of War to a resolution of inquiry passed by
tho Senate:
" The appointment of Hon. Andrew Johnson as military
Governor is the same in Its terms as that of Mr. Stanly."
I justified that appointment, but I repel the
charge of justifying and upholding unauthorized
assumptions of authority. That was all I said,
and yet the Senator now says that I brought up
the subject before the Senate. I desired merely
to correct him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Con-
necticut seems to be either not capable of, or not
willing-—I do not know which—to understand the
difference between a general argument against
claiming for the Executive of the nation unlimited
powers, and an attack on the President for a par-
ticular act. The question under discussion the
other day was as to where the war power was—
whether it was in Congress or in the Executive.
I contended that it was in Congress. I was argu-
ing that question; and for the purpose of showing
the danger of allowing assumptions of power, and
the danger of powers being improperly assumed,
unless Congress asserted its own authority, I re-
ferred to the case of the appointment of Mr. Stanly,
which was one without authority of law, and did
not the Senator admit that it was without author-
ity of law ?
Mr. DIXON. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did I not read him the
Constitution, and ask him if there was any au-
thority to make the appointment, and did he not
say, " the Senator reads me the Constitution, and
asks me if there is any authority to violate it?"
And he admitted there was none, and yet he said
he justified the appointment. Does the Senator
from Connecticut now say there is any authority
to appoint a military Governor, or any other offi-
cer, by the President, except by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, or where he is
authorized by a specific law ?
Mr. DIXON. I prefer to answer the Senator
when he gets through. He draws certain infer-
ences from my reply, which makes it more con-
venient for me to answer when he is through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume it will be more
convenient for the Senator to answer after I get
through. He understands the position I take.
Mr. DIXON. I will endeavor to answer you,
sir, when you are through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What I deprecated was—
and it was the only allusion I made to-day—that
in discussions of this kind, as to how many men
should be raised, anything should be said about
having confidence, or a want of confidence, in the
Administration of the country. I say we have our
duties to perform, and we should perform those
duties which the Constitution imposes upon us
irrespective ofthe person who is Chief Magistrate
of the nation; and it is embarrassing to Senators
to have such questions brought in here, and to
have it supposed that our legislation is had with
reference in the least degree to the person who is
the incumbent for the time being of the presiden-
tial chair, so far as constitutional questions are
concerned. Where a discretionary power was to
be vested, we might be more willing to vest it in
one President than in another, but as far as con-
stitutional questions are concerned, the Senate, as
it appears to me, ought not to be influenced in the
least by considering for one moment who the per-
son is who fills the Executive, chair for the time-
being. As I said the other day—and I am notgo-
ing over it again—I understand the Constitution
as requiring that all officers shall be appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
unlessan inferiorappointment where alawofCon-
gress authorizes the President to make it without
the advice and consent of the Senate; but all officers
must be appointed in pursuance of some law, and
the President has no power any more than any
other person to make any officer without author-
ity. The Senator from Connecticut says he justi-
fies a particular appointment. Well, let him just-
ify it; he may do it, but that will not alter the fact
whether it was made in accordance with law or
not. I understood him the other day to admit
that there was no constitutional authority to make
this particular appointment; but if he now says
that there is, I should like him to produce it.
_ Mr. DIXON. The Senator says that I am
either unwilling or incapable of understanding the
distinction which he draws between assailing a
particular act and assailing a general principle, I
confess I am incapable of understanding the dis-
tinction which he draws in this particular case.
He says.he was only illustrating a principle; his
charge of assumption of powers was by way of
illustration. Wo must not violate the Constitu-
tion; and by way of illustration he mentioned the
instance in which it had been done. The Senator
specified the particular case. He said here is an
instance of a violation of the Constitution of* the
United States by the appointment of an officer
unauthorized by that Constitution. A military
Governor of North Carolina, and a military Gov-
ernor of Tennessee have been appointed; and does
the Senator from Connecticut justify that? call-
ing on me to answer. I said that I justified that
particular thing. He said that he did not approve1
that particular thing, and he then went on in what
he considered a very ingenious method of reading
to me a clause of the Constitution, and asking me
if I would oppose it. I told him I of course was
in favor of abiding by that clause in the Consti-
tution. But what was the question ? Whether
