2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Ml*. FESSENDEN. X can only say in reply
that 1 do not know that either one party or the
other is pledged to take the bill up on next Thurs-
day or any other particular day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, but to pass a bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. The pledge does not go
as far as that; but Congress is pledged by; a solemn
vote to paws a tax bill to raise a certain sum of
money at this session, and, as I said, it is getting
so late that I cannot assent to delaying it longer;
and I beg leave to warn our friends of the Senate
that 1 think it will be very dangerous to make any
special assignments to interfere with the consider-
ation of it. The whole country is calling for it,
and lam called upon to bring it forward every day;
and therefore I must object, and I must call for the
yeas and nays on the question of making any
special assignment whatever, under the rule of the
Senate requiring two thirds.
The yeas and na-ys were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Doolittle, Harlan, Harris,
Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Nes-
HMh,Pomeioy, Powell, Rice, Saulsbuiy, Ten £>ck, Wade,
Wiiley, and Wilson ot'Missouri—17.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, root, Foster, Grimes, Howaid,
Howe, Lane ofludiana, Morrill, Sherman, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 wish to make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Pacific
railroad bill was taken up and is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, for consid-
eration, the Senate refusing to postpone it and
make it the special order for Thursday, and it is
open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that it lie on the table
for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF CIVILIZED INDIANS.
Mr. WILKINSON. ThcComvnittee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
302) to protect the property of Indians who have
adopted the habits of civilized life, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment; and, as
it is short and will lead to no debate, I ask that it
be put upon its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
whenever any Indian, being a member of any
band or tribe with whom the Government has or
shall have entered into treaty stipulations, being
desirous to adopt the habits of civilized life, shall
apply to have a portion of the lands belonging to
his tribe allotted to him in severalty, in pursuance
of such treaty stipulations, it shall be the duty of
the agent and superintendent of the tribe to pro-
vide that such allottee shall be protected in the
peaceful and quiet occupation and enjoyment of
the lands so allotted to him. Whenever any per-
son of Indian blood belonging to a band or tribe
who receive, or are entitled to receive, annuities
from the Government of the United States, and
who has not adopted the habits and customs of
civilized life, and received his lands in severalty
by allotment, shall commit any trespass upon the
lands or premises of any Indian who has received
his lands by allotment, it is to be the duty of the
superintendent and agent of the band or tribe to
ascertain the damages resulting from the trespass;
and the sum so ascertained is to be withheld from
the payment next to be made, cither to the band
or tribe to which the party committing the tres-
pass belongs, as in the discretion of the superin-
tendent he shall deem proper, and the sum so
retained is to be paid over by the agent or super-
intendent to the party injured. In case the tres-
passer shall be the chief or headman of a band or
tribe, in addition to the penalties thus provided
for,the superintendentof Indian affairs in his dis-
trict is to suspend the said trespasser from his
office for three months, and during that time to
deprive him of all the benefits and emoluments
connected therewith; but he may be sooner re-
stored to his former standing, if the superintend-
ent shall so direct.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. This bill is to protect the
property ot Indians who have adopted the habits
of civilized life and received their lands in sever-
alty. The difficulty is that the wild Indians, who
hold their property in common, are apt to run in
and trespass on the lands of the Indians who hold
them in severalty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it appropriate any
money?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; it merely pro-
vides that in such cases the superintendent shall
withhold the amount of damages from the annui-
ties of the Indians committing the depredations.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquire of the Senator from
Minnesota whether the Indians who have adopted
the customs of the white people are admitted into
the courts of his State; whether they have any
redress for their grievances in the courts; whether
they can be parties to any suit?
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to call attention to the
phraseology of the first section of this bill. As I
understand it, any Indian " being a member of
any band or tribe with whom the Government has
or shall have entered into treaty stipulations"—
not treaty stipulations by which their lands shall
be allotted in severalty, not stipulations with an
Indian tribe that is partially semi-civilized, but
any treaty stipulations with any tribe with whom
the Government has ever had a treaty—it gives to
any person m that tribe the privilege of having a
pottion of the territory of that tribe allotted out
to himself. Is that the purpose ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to the Senator
that the Government in the treaties which have
recently been made provides that any portion of
the Indians who see fit may receive their lands in
severalty. Several bands of the same tribe will
come in and receive their property in severalty,
and will enter upon the habits and customs of
civilized life. The Indians who do not so receive
their lands but still remain wild, hold their prop-
erty in common, and they frequently come upon
the farms of those Indians who are trying to make
good farms for themselves, and take what they
raise. This bill provides that whenever these wild
Indians do this, the superintendent shall withhold
from the annuities payable to the band enough to
pay for the trespass. He is to assess the amount
of the trespass arid pay it over to the particular
Indian who has snjjered by reason of the tres-
pass. It applies only to those Indians with whom
these treaty stipulations have been made, and
who are 1 eceiving annuities from the Government.
That is tne object of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Senator,
who determines the amount of the damages?
Mr. WILKINSON. The agent and the super-
intendent aie by this bill constituted a court to
ascertain the damages icsulting from such tres-
pass .
Mr. GRIMES. By what kind of a title is the
Indian to whom this land is allotted to hold it?
Does he own it in fee simple, or has he the power
of conveyance ?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; the terms of
those treaties are familiar to the Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, they are not; and that
is the reason I am making these inquiries.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have opposed, so far as they were con-
cerned, any provision in a treaty by which the fee
simple with the power of conveyance shall be in
the Indian; and those provisions have not as yet
been adopted into any treaty.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not oppose the passage
of this bill; but I can very readily see that it may
lead to very great frauds. I know something
about the Indians, and 1 know that in not one tribe
in tun is there anybody that has really adopted
the habits of civilized life or is fit to be leceivod
into civilized society. I apprehend the way in
which fiauds could be perpetrated under this bill
would be this, if there was a corrupt agent con-
nected with them: an Indian professes that he
wants to assume the habits and the demeanor of
civilized life. He goes to the agent, and the agent
being in complicity with him, will select the best
locations in the domain belonging to that tribe and
assign them to this Indian.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will permit
me one moment, this bill has nothing to do with
the selection and allotment of the lands at all.
They are allotted under the treaties; and this bill
merely protects the man who has received his
lands by allotment under treaty provisions.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator is mistaken
about that. The first section says:
" Whenever any Indian, being a member of any band or
tribe with wiiom the Government lias or shall have en-
teicd into treaty stipulations"—
Not treaty stipulations that the lands shall be
divided out into severalty among them, but any
treaty stipulation. It applies to all with whom
we have any treaties—
" being desirous to adopt the habits of civilized life, shall
apply to have a portion of the lands belonging to Ins tribe
allotted to lmn in severalty, m pursuance of such treaty
stipulations, it shall be the duty of the agent and superin-
tendent of such tribe to provide that Mich allottee shall be
protected in the peaceful and quiet occupation and enjoy-
ment of the lands so allotted to him."
Mr. WILKINSON. Exactly, where the land
shall be "allotted to him in severalty, in pursuance
of such treaty stipulations." If there is no treaty
stipulation, then, of course, the agent or superin-
tendent has no power whatever to parcel out the
lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to make an
inquiry of my friend. I recollect that some time
ago there was a very considerable dispute about
what the habits of civilized life were up in that
region for voting purposes. I remember hearing
a good deal about it at one Minnesota election,
and I should like to know precisely what the defi-
nition is. I hope he will give us an idea so as to
tell what it does mean.
Mr. WILKINSON. I presume the Senator
ought to be pretty conversant with the habits of
civilization up in our State. We have a good
many of his constituents there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the In-
dians. What is necessary to bring them to the
habits of civilized life?
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator, if he has
paid very particular attention to the treaties which
have been before the Senate this winter, can satisfy
himself pretty clearly and readily as to what the
object and purpose of the Government are, and
how far it has gone in regard to inducing Indians
to adopt the habits of civilization. I can tell what
1 understand by that phrase. It means sinipiy
this: to induce the Indians to labor. Labor is a
great civihzerup in our country; and as the white
men are pretty well civilized, because they all
labor, so we think if we can induce the Indians
to labor and earn their own living by cultivating
farms, that will be one of the highest evidences
of civilization.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention of
the Senator from Minnesota, there is a verbal
amendment that I wish to propose. I desire to
strike out the word " allottee," in the ninth line,
and to substitute the word " Indian." The word
44 Indian" there will answer all the purpose, and
is specific, and 1 think it is a better word.
Mr. WILKINSON. I assent to that. I used
the word " allottee" because it is found in the
treaties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made.
Mr. RICE. I do not see that there is anything
in this bill that has not been already provided for
by law heretofore. The various treaties regulate
the manner in which the Indians shall make the
selection of their lands. The trade and inter-
course laws of 1834 provide for the punishment
of any Indian or of any tribe who shall commit
depredations upon whites or Indians. It has been
the practice ever since the Indians have received
annuities, wherever one Indian commits a depre-
dation on another, if he or his tribe received an-
nuities, that he or they should pay for the damages
done. The only difference that I see between the
existing laws and the bill now pending is this:
under existing laws, wherever an injury is com-
mitted by an Indian upon another Indian, or upon
a white man, under which a claim for damages
arises, instead of being settled by the agent and
the superintendent, it is first referred to the tribe.
If they acknowledge the depredation to have been
commuted, and that the damages claimed arejust,
it is then paid. But if the tribe are not satisfied
that the damage was committed by them or some
of their members, or that the damages claimed are
too heavy, the case must be appealed to the Sec-
retary of the Inteiior. I think that piovision a
very wise one. I think it a very proper check.
That is the only difference between this bill and
the existing laws. There may be cases where a
pressure is brought to bear upon the agent and
superintendent at home that might induce them
to do injustice to the Indians, or to the Indian who
had committed the depredation, or the one who
had been depredated upon; and I think the old
system of referring the case to Washington to
the Interior Department, and letting it be heard
