1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
thousand men under his command in the depart-
ment of the West; but I am content to take his
own statements. Mulligan was ordered to Lex-
ington, to take and hold it until relieved. The
dispatches which he sent to Colonel Jefferson C.
Davis, commanding at Jefferson City, and which
are annexed to Fremont's statement, show that
such were his instructions, for he declares,his
determination to hold it, and asks that reinforce-
ments be sent to him. But for these instructions,
he could have saved his command by crossing the
river in the two ferry-boats and a steamboat which
lay at the landingof Lexington, and thus put the
Missoui i river between him and Price, who would
have had no means of crossing over and follow-
ing him. He could thus have joined his forces
to those of Sturgts on the north side of the river,
and made a stand against Price. But he was or-
dered to hold Lexington until relieved. He was
sent there for that purpose and none other, and
he obeyed the order. When General Fremont
gave that order, he must have had an opinion as
to his ability to reinforce Mulligan in time; he
must have supposed either that he was able or that
he was notable to do it. If he believed he was
able to do it, and then failed, the responsibility of
giving such instructions, by which three thousand
men with their arms, ammunition, equipments",
munitions of war, and stores fell into the hands of
the enemy, must rest upon him. if he gave such
instructions without believing that he could rein-
force Mulligan in time,then the responsibility that
rests upon him is unrelieved by any redeeming
feature.
This latter construction has been placed upon
his conduct by two newspapers published in St.
Lou is, the Democrat and Republican, both advo-
cates and apologists of his administration of the
western department. The Democrat of September
25, in announcing the fall of Lexington, and no-
ticing the movements against Price's victorious
army, says:
"All look to the grand movement for the complete en-
trapping of the rebel army under General Pnee, to the ac-
complishment of which,"wo ate disposed to believe, the
capture of Colonel Mulligan wm hut one of the predcteim-
ined necessities.'''
The Republican contained an article of the
same tenor. I take a different view of it. 1 do
not think Fremont meditated the destruction of
Mulligan. He doubtless believed he had the force
to succor him, and he simply lacked the capacity
to wield it. 1 point to the number of troops then
under his command, and the positions they occu-
pied, as shown by the statement of his adjutant
general, which I have already quoted to prove
that he hud ample force, if he had known how to
use it. Everybody in Missouri, prior to the fall
of Lexington, friend and foe alike, believed that
he would succeed in cutting off and destroying
Price's army.
The statementalready referred to which 1 hold
in my hand, shows that he had nearly seven thou-
sand men in St. Louis; under General Pope, in
North Missouri, five thousand four hundred; in
Lexington, including the home guaul, two thou-
sand four hundred; (the real force in Lexington
was three thousand;) at Jefferson City, nearly ten
thousand men; at Rolla, four thousand seven hun-
dred, and under General Lane, two thousand two
hundred. All of these forces were within less than
a week's march of Lexington; all of them could
have been brought to bear upon Lexington in less
than a week; m all, upwaids of thirty thousand
men, armed and equipped. Mulligan held out for
nine days. Price held possession for ten days of
Lexington, after the capture of Mulligan, making
in all nineteen days. The army with which he in-
vested Lexington was reported at from ton to fif-
teen thousand. He was reinforced by Harris and
Green with five thousand men, who traversed the
State from its eastern boundary, crossing the river
at Glasgow and reaching Lexington before its fall,
traveling the whole distance by land, and aiding
in its capture. In the mean time, General Fre-
mont, with the railroads at his command to carry
his troops within sixty miles of Lexington, with
the river and abundanttransportation to carry his
troops to the city of Lexington itself, and land
them at the foot of the hill on "which Mulligan was
making his gallant defense, failed to send'a single
man to his assistance. He alleges that he gave
orders that were not executed. It was a case in
which he should have executed his own orders.
It was a case in which he knew day by day, or had
1 the means of knowing, whether his orders were
executed or not; and after the loss of a few days,
when he found his orders were not being executed,
it was still in his power to take the matter in his own
hands, and by moving the troops from St. Louis
and Jefferson City, he could have reached Lexing-
ton in three days by the river, reinforced Mulligan,
and destroyed Price's army.
After the fall of Lexington h^had full time to
have rushed upon Price and destroyed him before
he left that city, where he remained for ten days
after its capture. He announced his intention to
do so in a telegraphic dispatch to the President.
He remained nearly a week in St. Louis after this
announcement. He went to Jefferson City by
railroad, and remained there another week; not
leaving there with his army until Price moved off
leisurely from Lexington,, He went then in the
j direction of Sedaiia, on the Pacific railroad,*and
remained nearly another week. He then marched
off to Warsaw and Springfield, and reached the
latter place one month after leaving St. Louis, a
distance of about one hundred and fifty miles by
railroad, and less than a hundred and thnty by
land. He started on his expedition with an army
of forty thousand men, sufficient to have con-
fronted every secessionist on the western bank of
the Mississippi. With that army he reached
Springfield in disorder and confusion, the divis-
ion ot General Hunter being compelled by his
orders to make forced marches by night and day
to relieve the panic fears of a leader whose enemy
was sixty miles away and in full retreat. Was
he disturbed by thoughts of the neglected Lyon,
or of that other gallant soldier who succumbed to
: famine in the trenches of Lexington, while he in-
dulged his vanuy in the pomp and parade of the
inauguration of Benton barracks? It is a curious
coincidence, marking the trivial and frivolous
character of the man, that at the very moment
when the cry of distiess came with its wildest ac-
cents from both Wilson's Creek and Lexington,
it was drowned by the music of a holiday parade,
the only wculike sound that ever smote on our
general's ear; and it is not the less curious that he
who could be so indifferent to the dangers that
beset Lyon and Mulligan,should turn pale at the
visionary terrors of the approach of Piiee's Fai-
staffian army m buckram and Kendal green,
when he was surrounded and defended by a well-
appointed army of more than forty thousand men.
If he had made half the haste to succor Lyon or
to relieve Mulligan as he did in ordering up Hun-
ter to his own ivlmf, it would have been belter for
Ins fame, and far better for the country. Yet I
would not impugn his personal courage. A man
may be physically brave, but so conscious of the
want of faculties to answer the responsibilities of
a threat occasion as to be paralyzed by it. Fie-
mont was in consternation with such apprehen-
sion amid affairs he could not manage.
I In his own summing up of the results of his
' command in Missouri, he declares that it is un-
| leasonable to expect that a general shall always
be victorious. It is equally unreasonable to ex-
i poet that our generals shall always be defeated,
i He adds that when lie had completed the organi-
zation of his army, and got it into the field, and
commenced handling it, that he was victorious at
all points. He cites the instances of Zagonyi's
charge at Springfield and the battle of Fiedorick-
fon. Something has already been said in this
Hall of the battle of Frederickton. I did not
make any obsei valion upon it at the time, because
j I had not seen the dispatches produced by the gen-
j tloman from Indiana on that occasion. The occa-
I sion of their production was a statement made by
! the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. GurlkyJ that the
battle was fought against the orders of the com-
manding general, and that theiefore he was not
entitled to the credit of winning it. It would
appear on the face of the telegraphic dispatches
produced by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
; Shanks] that General Fremont did not order the
j concerted movement on Frederickton, which was
the only victory won in the hundred days in
Missouri. The charge of Zagonyi was, m no
| sense, a victory. Zagonyiand the men under him
j made a gallant charge; they went m and came
out very much worsted, and fell back twenty-five
miles. There could be no result from the charge
to compensate for the loss it occasioned, as Spring-
field must necessarily have fallen without loss upon
the approach of Fremont's overwhelming force.
The action wafe brave indeed, and the men who
performed it deserve applause. Tha^eneral who
ordered such a sacrifice without any advantage to
be obtained from it, deserves nothing but censure.
The dispatches read by the gentleman from In-
diana to prove that General Fremont ordered the
battle of Fredei ickton do not sustain that theory,
but prove the reverse of it. The dispatches read by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gurley] establish
the absolute truth of his statement that it was
fought against General Fremont's orders. All of
the dispatches taken together prove that if Fre-
mont had not been providentially taken away from
St. Louis, and out of the reach of the telegraph,
he would have been without a single victory to
illustrate his hundred days. The first dispatch is
from Colonel .Carlin, commanding at Pilot Knob,
announcing the approach of Jeff Thompson's
army. I read it:
(1) [Vol.5, p. 94.
(Special Messenger.) Pilot Knob, October 15,1861.
Captain C. McKeever, Ji. JI. G.:
Jeff Thompson is repotted twenty two miles ean, near
Farmmgton. I require two more regiments* if you can s>end
them. I will attack hun and follow him up. His force is
estimated at three thousand, (3,000.) The telegiaph is
bioken oi cut, and I fear the nulroad will be obstructed.
CAltUN, Colonel Commanding.
The second dispatch shows that Fremont was
out of reach of the telegraph, and was, fortunately
for the country, where he could not interfere with
the disposition of the troops called on to act
against Thompson. He was twenty-five miles
south of Syracuse, and could only be communi-
cated with by express. The date of the dispatch
is the night of the 15th of October. I present it:
(2) [Vol.4, p, U4.
Syracuse, October 15, 1861.
Captain C. McKehver, A. ./?. G. :
Rumot tepoits the destruction of long bridge, on Tron
Mountain toad, and the caprine by the enemy ot it-guard.
General Fremont is to-ni^ht twenty-live miles ^outli of
here. Dispatches senttomecan teach him by express from
tin- place. McKINjSTRY, Ihigadier General.
The dispatches which I shall now read prove
ihat the movements which led to the defeat of
Thompson, at Frederickton, were concerted be-
tween Geneial Cuitis and Captain C. McKeever,
who agreed cordially upon the measures necessary
to be taken. The datey of these dispatches prove
that Fiemont had no hand in them;
( 3 ) [Vol. 5, p. 100.
Benton Buiracks, October 16, 1661.
C. M. McKeever, A. -A. G.:
Who commands south ot St. Louis county ? Important
lepoits arc coming tome. Thompson was at Big River
budge. SAMUEL It. CURTIS,
Brigadier General Commanding.
( 4 ) [Vol. 5, p. 101.
St. Louis, October 15, 1861.
Brigadier General Grant, Cairo, Illinois:
Jell'Thompson, with between two and three thousand
men, is at Farmmgton, twentv miles east of linnton. Send
as large a force as you can tiom Cape Guaideau, m the di-
rection ot Ironton,'or Pilot Knob, to cut oft his retieat into
Aikansa".
By oider of Majoi General Fremont.
McKEEVER, Ji. A. G.
(5) [Vul. o, p 102.
Camp Benton, October 16. lyfiL
C. McKeever, A. A. G. :
The lemamdei of the <8ih) eighth Wisconsin went to
depot early this> morning. Boyd's is about ready to move ;
is delayed for want of wagons, but wiil soon move down.
] S. It. CURTIS, Brigadier General.
j ( 6 ) [Vol. 5, p. 102.
I Camp Benton, October 16, 1861.
! 0. McKeever, A. Ji. G :
Have detailed Captain Spoore's company, Dodge's light
batteiy, and the captain, to go forthwith.
S. R. CURTIS. Brig- Gen. Com.
[Tide No. 5.1 (7) [Vol. 5. p. 111.
| St. Louis, October 16, 1861.
Biigadier Guneial Curtis, Benton Barracks:
Coioiu-1 Cailm is in command south of St. Loul- county.
1 HI? headquarters are at Pilot Knob. Send six dayt-'pro-
; visuon-s with Colonel Boyd's regiment. Have the lemain-
! me companies of the eighth Wisconsin left this morning?
Thompson is at Fanmngton. Ad>wpi how «oon troops can
j be at depot. C. McKEEVER, Ji. Ji. Q
• [Vide No. 6.] (8) [Vol. 5, p. 111.
[ St. Louis, October 16, 1861.
i Brigadier General Curtis, Benton Barracks:
I Have one ot the companies ot light attillery undei your
command equipped immediate!}. You vwll make requisi-
! tion upon Major Allen and C.iptain Callender for everything
■ that k- noces-ary. Please notify me which company you
j intend equipping.
! Bv ordei of Geneial Fremont.
! " C. McKEEVER. A. Ji. G.
