1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3048
the appointment of these particular officers was
justifiable or was not justifiable. The Senator
assailed it with all the language of vituperation
which he could use. If the English language con-
tained any expression stronger than, those jie used
in condemnation, I am not aware of it. I said I
justified those acts. The Senator turned upon me
and condemned me for doing it. At the same time
i£I understood him, he rather justified the Presi-
dent for doing that particular thing, butJie thought
the general abstract idea wrong, " by way of illus-
tration !" I cannot, I confess,understand thatdis-
tinction, but I desire to ask the Senator if he
denies totally the power of the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy to ap-
point a military Go vernorofaconquered territory.
If the Senator will answer me that question, we
can perhaps see where the difference is between
us. Do I understand the Senator to say there is
no power to appoint a military Governor in the
President, under the Constitution, irf any event?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you want me to an-
swer?
Mr. DIXON. I would like to have the Senator
answer the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say there is no power to
make any officer exceptin a constitutional mode,
whether a military Governor or not.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator asked me to make a
direct answer. Why will he not answer me,
whether as Commander-in-Chief, the President
has power to appoint a military Governor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said that he cannot
do it, except by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and in pursuance of law.
Mr. DIXON. Although the Senator is a law-
yer and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the
Supreme Court of the United States has had the
misfortune of differing from him, and, of course,
must be supposed by the people of the United
States to be in the wrong.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me
for suggesting that the decision was not in regard
to our own territory.
Mr. DAVIS. Fair play ! Let the Senator from
Massachusetts keep out of this controversy. Let
it be settled by the Senator from Connecticut and
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DIXON. I have no objection to the inter-
ference of the Senator from Massachusetts in aid
of the Senator from Illinois. The case to which I
referred is the case of Cross et al. vs. Harrison,
tobefoundjn lGHoward's Reports,p. 164. Here
is the statement of thecase and the decision of the
court:
" In the war wiih Mexico, the port of San Francisco was
conquered by the arms of the United States, in the year
1B46, and shortly afterwards the United States had mtHtary
possession of all of Upper California. Early in 1847, the
President of the Uniteu States, as constitutional Command-
er-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, authorized the military
and naval commanders of the United States forces in Cali-
fornia to exercise the belligerent rights of a conqueror, and
to form a civil and military government for the conquered
territory, with power io impose duties on imports and ton-
nage for the suppoit of such government and of the army
which had the conquest in possession.
" This was done, and tonnage and import duties weie
levied under a war tariff which had been established by the
civil government tor that purpose, until official notice was
received by tiie civil and military Governor of California
that a treaty of peace had been made with Mexico, by
which Upper California had been ceded to the United
States.
" Upon receiving this intelligence the Governor directed
that impost and tonnage duties should thereafter be levied
iri conformity with such as were to be paid in the other
ports of the United States by the acts of Congress ; and for
such purpose he appointed the defendant in this suit col-
lector of the port of San Francisco.
"The plaintiffs now seek to recover from him certain
tonnage duties and imposts upon foreign meiohandi^e paid
by iliom to the defendant as collector, between tSe 3d of
February, 1848, (the date of ihe treaty of peace,) and the
Kith of November, 1849, (when the collector appointed by
the President, according to law, entered upon the duties of
his office,) upon the ground that they had been illegally ex-
acted.
"The formation of the civil government in California,
when it was done, was the lawful exercise of a belligerent
right over a conquered territoiy. It was the existing gov-
ernment when the territory wa« ceded to the United States,
as a conquest,and did notceascas a matter of course or as
a consequence of the testoration of peace; and it was right-
fully continued after peace was made with Mcxico, until
formiess legislated otherwise, under its constitutional
jiower, to dispose of and make all needful rules and regu-
lations respecting the Territory or other property belonging
to the United States.
''The tonnage duties,and duties upon foreign goods im-
ported in San Francisco, were legally demanded and law-
hilly eollccted by the civil Goveinor while the war con-
tinued, and afterwards, from the ratification of the treaty
of peace until the revenue systornof the United States was
put into practical operation in California under the acts of
Congress passed for that purpose."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never contended that a
governor might not be appointed in any of the
Mexican provinces, or in any portion of a con-
quered foreign country.
Mr. DIXON. The question was whether the
appointment must be confirmed by the Senate.
That was what the Senator said. He did not ap-
ply it to a foreign country or limit it to our own
country. And what difference would that make?
A consul is appointed for a foreign country; a
minister is-appointed foraforeign country. Here
was an act performed by the President, an officer
appointed claiming power over a conquered terri-
tory even after it was a part of our own country.
Judge Wayne, in the case to which I have re-
ferred, said:
California, or the port of San Fi ancisco, had been con-
quered by the arms of the United States as early as 1846.
Shortly afterward the United States had military possession
of all of Upper California. Eaily in 1847 the President, as
constitutional Commander-in-Ch ief of the Army and Navy,
authorized the military and naval commanders ofourforces
in California to exercise the belligerent rights of a con-
queror, and to form a civil government for the conquered
country, and to impose duties on imports and tonnage as
military contributions for the support of the government
and the army which had the conquest in possession. Wc
will add, by way of note to this opinion, references to all of
the correspondence of the Government upon this subject;
now only referring to the letter of the Secretaiy of War to
Genera! Kearny, of the 10th of May, 1847, which was ac-
companied with a tariff of duties on imports and tonnage,
which had been prepared by the Secretary of the Tieasury,
with forms of entry and permits for landing goods, all of
which was reported by the Secretary to the President, on
the 30th of March, 1847. (Senate DoeumentNo. I, first ses-
sion, Thirtieth Congress, 1847, pp. 567, 583.) No one can
doubt that these orders of the President, and the action of
our Army and Navy commanders in California, inconformity
with them, was according to the law of arms arid the right
of conquest, or that they were operative until the latifica-
tion and exchange of a treaty of peace."
It is to be observed that none of the officers
thus appointed had been nominated to and con-
firmed by the Senate. The case will be found not
materially to differ from that before us. Let the
Senator show the difference if he can do so.
Mr. FOSTER. This inquiry in regard to the
amount of force which we have in the field is not a
new one. It has been made and made over and over
so many times that it seems to mo rather apparent
that the inquiry is made more for the pleasure of
making it than with a view of havii^ it answered,
because it has been answered within a few weeks
in the Senate, and answered with great minute-
ness. It was answered by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, to
whom this question was thrust, I will not say in
an offensive way, but in a very pertinacious way,
u ntil he procured an answer which gentlemen seem
to have forgotten or never to have noticed. Thatan-
swer came from the office of the Adjutant General,
and was dated the Slstof May, 1862, and gave the
amount of the volunteer force from twenty-four
States of the Union, five Territories, and the Dis-
trict of Columbia, divided thus: regiments of cav-
alry; aggregate of men in cavalry; regiments of
artillery; aggregate of artillery; regiments of in-
fantry; aggiegate of men; aggregate ofregiments;
total aggregate of men. The aggregate of men,
as thus stated, was five hundred and ninety-nine
thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, as com-
prised in regiments. The account then goes on
to specify various companies of cavalry and in-
fantry and artillery, and the aggregate of men in
those companies. These foot up seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred and six, to be added to the
five hundred and ninety-nine thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-eight, which makes a total of six
hundred and seventeen thousand five hundred and
sixty-four men certified by the Adjutant General
of the Army, and said to he made up from the
latest rolls and returns on file in the Adjutant Gen-
eral 5s office. I cannot vouch for the accuracy of
this statement, but it is certainly minute. The
Senator from Illinois asks me what it is as though
there was something strange aboutit. I had a pre-
sentiment that the inquiry was made more with
reference to making the inquiry and showing an
eagerness for knowledge, than really to obtain it,
and so I cut it out of the paper a day or two after
the speech of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts had been published, and laid it in my
desk for future reference when the inquiry should
be made again,for I was then persuaded,as sub-
sequent events have demonstrated, that it would
be soon made as a perfectly new and unanswered
inquiry!
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. KING. I desire to have the clause read
aSr}!i stand if that amendment be adopted.
The Secretary read, as follows:
io?,orP^°/J05l,lUeers under acts of 22(1 and 25th of July,
1861, ^1^0,000,000: Provided, That the Prcsidenf shall not
oe authorized to appoint more than forty major generals,
nor more than two hundred brigadier generals; and all acts
and parts of acts authorizing a greater number of major and
brigadier generals than are above provided for are herebv
repealed.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Considering tlmt the
Senate lmve refused to insert the limitation of
seven hundred and fifty thousand men, I move
further to amend the amendment by strikine out
"$150,000,000," and inserting "$226,283,282,"
the amount named in this clause of the bill origin-
ally.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
dj,-S°.Lo,^?sJenc0 in kilKl regulars and volunteers.
i$/o,ooo,64G 80.
The Committee on Finance proposed to reduce
this appropriation to $45,000,000.
Mr. PESSENDEN. That should not be
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next item was read, as follows:
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of fuel foi the officers, enlisted men, guaid,
hospitals, storehouses, and offices; of forage in kind for the
horses, mules, and oxen, of the quartermaster's department
at the several posts and stations, and with the armies in the
field; for the horses of the several logimcnts of cavalry, the
batteries ot artillery, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted,and fortheauthonzed numbei ofolFicei&'horsra
when reiving in the field and at the outposts, including bod-
dtng for the animals \ of straw for soldiers' beddm", and of
stationery, including blank-books for the quartermaster's
depjutmcni, certificates for discharged soldiers, blank forms
for the pay and quartermasters dcpmtiucnts; and for the
punting of dxviMon and department orders and reports
$3o,912,000. '
The Committee on Finance proposed to reduce
this appropriation to $20,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's de-
partment, consisting of postage on letters and packcts le-
ecived and sent by officers of the Army on public servicc;
expenses of courts-maitial and courts of inquiry, including
the additional compensation of judges-advocate, recorder*,
member*, and witnesses, while on that set vice, under the
act ot March 16, 1802; extia pay to soldiers employed, un-
der the direction of the quartermasters department, in the
election of barracks,quartois. storehouses, and hospitals :
in the consti action ol road*, and on other constant labor,
j^?ot ,<;ss lhan_ieu davs, undei the acts of March
J, ISIJ, and August 4. 18d4, including those employed as
clerks at division and depaitmcnt headquarters ; expenses
ot expresses to and from the frontier posts and armies in
uie held; ot escorts to paymasters and other disbursing offi-
cers, and to trains wheic military escorts cannot he fur-
nished ; expenses of the interment of officer* killed in ac-
tion, or who die when on duty in the field, or at posts on
the homier^ or at other posts and places when ordered by
the Secretaiy of War, and of non-commi&sfoned officers
and soldiers; authorized offiee furniture ; hire of laborers
in the quartermaster's department, including the hire of in-
terpreters, spies, and guides for the Army;" compensation
ot clerks of the officers of the quartermaster's department;
compensation offoiase and wagon masters, authouzed by
the act ol July 5,1838; for the apprehension of deseiters,
and the expenses incident to their pursuit; and for the fol-
lowing expenditures required for the seveial regiments of
cavalry, the batteries of light artillery, and such companies
ot infanuyas maybe mounted, n.unelv, the purchase of
traveling forges, blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and
mule shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing hue ot
veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket
ropes, and for shoeing the horses of the coips named; also,
geueially, the pi oper and authorized expenses for the move-
ments and operations of an army not e\prcs^v assigned to
any other department, §20,836,750. ' °
The Finance Committee proposed to reduce this
appropriation from $20,836,750 to #12,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
000°r the purcImse of ca™lry and artillery horses, §5,400,-
The Committee on Finance proposed to reduce
"us appropriation from $5,400,000 to $3,500,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next item, to which no amendment was
proposed, was read as follows:
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers of the
Army for the transportation of themselves and their bag-
gage, when traveling on duty without troops, eaeoits, or
supplies, $1,291,600.
