1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the r solution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBECCA F.SCOTT.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing tvsol.uion; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to impure into the e\[)ediency of granting a pension to Re-
heec.i F. Scott, widow of the late J. C Scott, major in the
Asniv of th<; United Stut< who died at San Francisco,
Calitoima, November 26, 1860.
LIBERIA CAPTURED AFRICANS.
*
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, also introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
llcsoli c:1, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to this lIou-.e copies of all contracts or
agreements on file m In-* Department between the Govern-
ment ol the United State-and the Am,jrican Colonization
Society, foi the tian^poitatiori to Liberia, and tor thcii sub-
sistence there, of captured Africans who have been taken
from vessel-* engaged m the slave trade, by armed slups of
the United Suite*.
SEIZURE OF 51A SON AND SLIDELL.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which he demanded the
previous question:
Whereas the Secietary of the Navy has reported to this
Hoii>e that Captain Charles VVilke>, in command of the
San Jaeiuto, an armed public vessel of the United States,
did, on the 8th of November, 1831, ou the high seas, inter-
cept the Trent, a Buti-h mail steamer, and forcibly lemove
therefrom Jame-* .M. Ma-on an 1 John rfhdell—di-dojal cit-
izen^, leading coiispnator^, lebel enemies, and d.in<ierou<
men''—who, with their suite, weie on their way to Europe
to promote the eau-e of the in-ati lection,"claiming to be
euiba-stador* from the t-o-called confederate States; and
whereas, the Srcretaiy of the Navy ha* fuither reported to
this H-tu^e, that k< the piompt and decisive action of Cap-
tain Wilkes on this occasion merited and leeeived the
etnplnitic approval of the Impairment.*' and moreover, in
a public letter ha- thanked Captain Wilke-for the act;
and whennw tlu-> lIou-e, on the. fn\-t dav of the sewon,
<liil piopu-e to tender the thank* of Oongrc-> to Captain
Wilkes, foi his " inave, adroit, and pan lotie conduct in the
airest and detention of the traitois James M. Ma-?oii and
John Slide IIand whereas I urther, on the same day, this
IIou=«e did request the President to confine the ?-aid James
M. Mason and John SI'dell in the cells of convicted felons
until eei tam military officers of the United State*, captured
and held bv the so-called eoul'edeiatc Slates, should be
treated a« prisoner- of war • Therefoie,
Be it resolved, (as the sen«e of this House,) That it is the
duty of the Pie&ideut to now firmly maintain the ftand tiiu.s
taken, approving and adopting the act ot Captain Wslke^,
in >.pite ot any menace or demand of the Briu-h Govern-
ment ; and that thi> Uou-e pledges it< full support to him
in upholding now the lionot and vindieatum the couiasje uf
tlu* Government and people of the United State-* again-t a
foieigu Powei.
Mr. FENTON. Is it in order to move to refer
that resolution to the Committee on Foreign Af-
faii s ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
calied the previous question.
Mr. COX. I beg my colleague to withdraw
that call for a moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I would, if debate
were in order, i hope no objection will be made
to the resolution. The time has now come for
the firmness of this House to ho practically tested,
and I hope there will be no shrinking.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have heard
the first growl of the British lion, and now let us
see who will cower.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand for
the pievious question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If debate were in
order, I would with pleasure; but as debate will
send the resolution over, I must decline.
Mr. FENTON. T hope the previous question
will not be seconded; and I hope the resolution
will be rcferied to the Committee on Military
AlFairs.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The previous res-
olutions upon this subject weie not refi-rred to
the Committee on Foreign Allans, as ought to
have been done before committing the House on
the subject, and why shall this now, when the
danger is upon us' I desire to know what has
< aused this change in sentiment'' Is it the foreign
intelligence of this morning? I offered the reso-
lution in good faith, and will adhere to it to the
last, though I regretted and would have opposed,
had I had the power, and prevented the Admin-
istration and this House from the folly of taking
a position in advance upon it. But it is now too
late to retreat.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FENTON. I move to refer the resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG called for the read-
ing of the resolution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the pre-
vious question upon the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mr. Cox] was recognized by the Chair as upon
the floor, and he is now entitled to it.
Mr. FENTON. How did the gentleman from
Ohio obtain the floor?
The SPEAKER. He was recognized imme-
diately after the gentleman from New York made
the motion to refer.
Mr. FENTON. I did not intend to yield the
floor. 1 intended to call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik moved to refer the lesolution; the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] called for
the yeas and nays; and then the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] was recognized by the Chair;
but he gave way to hear the resolution read.
Mr. COX. I intended to debate the question
somewhat.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over.
Mr. COX. Of course, then, I shall not de-
bate it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER.. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make one remark.
Mr. COX. If the House will give me three
minutes, I will not object.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
gentleman fiom Illinois asking a question ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If I understand the resolu-
tion, it simply affirms that a certain resolution
was proposed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The resolution
passed the House, and it is now m the Senate.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question recurring on the demand for the
yeas and nays,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for tellers.
Tollers wereoidered;and Messrs. Worcester
and Lo^ejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty, a sufficient number.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Akhioh, Alloy, Arnold, Babbitt, Joseph
Bailv, Bakci, Baxter, Beaman, Biddi", Bmgham. Fiance
P. Blaii. Jacob 1} Blair, Hanmel S. Btau, Blake, William
G. Blown, Buflhiiou, Buinham, Calvnt, Chnmbnlui.
Claik. Cobb. < "oImx, Ito-eoe Couklm:*, Coopei. Covode,
Davis. Delano, Diven. Duell, Dunlap. Dunn. Edwards
Eliot, KhlMi^Ii, Fenron. Fe—enden. Fianchot, Ftank.
Gooch, Gianuet. Gndei. Gur!e\, Hale, Ii.mlms. [Ianison,
Hickman. Huteluu-, Julian, Tianei- \V. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Knapp, Law. Lazeai, L^aij , Lehman, Looim-,
Lovejo\. McKnight, McPheison. Ma!h r\, Mavn.ud. Meti-
zie->, Mitchell, Moothead, Ju-tin S Moinll, Xoeli. Odeil,
Olin, Patton. i'eriy, T. G Phelp-, Pike, Pomeioy, Porter,
Alexandei if. Pace, John II. Itiee, Richardson, Edw.ud FI.
Rollins Sri recant. Hcdsrwick. s*hank-. Sheffield. Slx-lla-
hareer, Pheiman. Smith, Spaulding, William G. Steele,
Ste\en<, Benjamin F. Thomas Fianci- Thonia>. Ti.un,
Tumble. Turn hi ulge,Van Hoi ii,Veil ee, WacKworth, Wall.
K P WaPon, Wind. Wa-htmuie. Wiiee'.ei, Whnlej, Al-
beit S. White, Wieklilte, Wilson. Windom, Woodiutf,
Woiee-ter. and Wu'jht—H 9
XAVrt—Allen, Ueoigr II Biowne. Fiedenok A
rnukimg, Cox, Ciaven-, lPusht, Ilohnan. Morns. \ub!e,
Xutreii. Pendleton, Shiel.John B Steele, Yaliandigbam,
Vaudevei, and Chilton A White- 10.
So the resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken; and 1 would ask the Chair whether
the question is debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Upon what prin-
ciple not?
The SPEAKER. The resolution itself not
being debatable, a motion to reconsider is not
debatable.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So I presumed;
but will w>w move to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS OF 1812.
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, the House will proceed to the
consideration of the bill set down for this tirn<',
being the bill reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to authorize the raising of a volun-
teer force for the defense of Kentucky.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. VVICKL1FFE. I hope the gentleman will
not consider me as objecting; but the special order
is very important, and if that bill is to be passed at
all, I want it passed quickly.
Mr. BLAKE. It will take but a moment to
pass the resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Rewired, That the Committee of Claitns be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing bj law lor the
payment of claims of soldiers of the war of 1812, whose
claims have been audited and certificates b-ucd therefor,
in pursuance of a law ot the State of New York, passed
April 8,18o9, and lepoit by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FENTON. I do not object to the resolu-
tion; but I cannot see what the Committee of
Claims have to do with the subject. The State of
New York in no formal manner have applied to
the Government of the United States for the pay-
ment of that class of claims to which the resolution
refers; and the CommitteeofClaimscould hardly
act in the premises without the subject, in some
such manner, being properly brought before it.
No objection being1 made, the resolution was
received,and referred to the Committee of Claims.
VOLUNTEER FORCE FOIt KENTUCKY.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, which was a bill (Ii. R. No.
137) to authouze the raising of a volunteer force
for the better protection of Kentucky, upon which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not design to dis-
cuss this bill, unless it is in answer to questions
bv way of explanations.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope,Mr. Speaker, that this
bill.will not receive the sanction of this House.
In the first place, according to official returns, we
have a standing Army .of between six and seven
hundred thousand men. I shall not indulge in
anycr'ticism m reference to where they are placed
or how they are used; but this one tact stands out
before the country, that this largo aggregate of
force is at the disposal of the Executive; and in
my opinion, it is amply sufficient for all the pur-
poses of this war. I understand from the state-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky that the
object of raisingthesc twenty thousand additional
troops is to place them in the rear of our advan-
cing Army, taking it for granted that weaie to
make an advance through the country, which I
hope certainly will prove true; and that this force
is necessary to be placed in the rear of our Army,
but for what specific purpose is not mention'd.
j: Perhaps I am incorrect; I believe it is to suppress
|| insurrection—whether it is insurrection among
j! the slaves or among other classes is not distinctly
ii stated.
,\ Now, my point is this: I am willing to vote all
!; the men and all the money that arc need* d in de-
|! fense of the countiy, and in defense of tiue and
M loyal men any when within the limits of the Uni-
'! ted States, but I insist that we have moie soldiers
;t now than can be used. If we have sixty thousand
,i soldiers m Kentucky and thereabouts, advancing,
H and we need tw< nty thousand more to protect
i1 them as they march, or to k<-ep up the line of
communication, twenty thousand more can be or-
|: dered from the Potomac, or from some other quar-
'] ter, for I do not know where all our soldiers are
11 now.
l| I understand that the Secretary of War does
