THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
For transportation of the Army, including the baggage of
the troops when moving, either by land or water; ot cloth-
log, camp and garrison equipage, from the depots at Phila-
delphia and New York to the several posts and Army depots,
and from those depots to the troops in the field ; and sub-
sistence from the places of purchase and from the places of
delivery under contract, to such places as the circumstances
of the service may require them to be sent; of ordnance,
ordnance stores, and small arms, from founderles and arm-
ories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontiei posts, and Army
depota; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; for the pur-
chase and hireof horses,mules, oxen, and harness, and the
purchase and repair of wagons, earts, and drays, and of
ships, and other sea-going vessels, and boats required for
tho transportation of supplies and for garrison purposes;
lor drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire of team-
sters 5 transportation of fimd* for the pay and other disburs-
ing departments; the expense of sailing public transpoita
on the various rlvera, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic!
and Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts as, from
their situation, require that it be brought from a distance;
and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions from
roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may be re-
quired for the actual operations In the field, $40,000,000.
The Finance Committee proposed to reduce the
appropriation to $25,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
For hire or commutation of quarters for officers on mili-
tary duly; hire of quarters for troops; of storehouses for
the nafe-keepiug of military stores; ot grounds for summer
cantonmcnte j tor the construction of temporary huts, hos-
pital*. and stables j and for repairing public buildings at es-
tablished posts, $4,234,000.
The Committee on Finance proposed to reduce
this appropriation to $3,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the following items:
For heating and cooking stoves, $1)0,000.
Foi gunboat* on tho wouun riveis, ,f1,000,000.
The Committee on Finance propose to strike
oat the words, " for gunboats on the western riv-
ers, $1,000,000," and to insert:
For maintenance of gunboat fleet proper, $2,160,000.
For maintenance of steaiu raim, $180,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
For contingencies of the Army, $500,000.
The next item was read, as follows:
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison equipage
and for expenses of oflices and arsenals, $39,023,513 25.
Tho Committee on Finance proposed to reduce
this appropriation to $25,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Ths next item was read, to which no amend-
ment was reported, as follows:
For constructing and mending the telegraph for military
purposes, and for expenses in operating the same, $500,000.
The following items were read:
For the medical and hospital department, &>,70f>,9f*4.
tor pay t>{ piivate physicians, purchase and icpalr of sur-
tficni liwtrmm'M*, purchase ofYvfm iMs-piral bedding, cloth-
ln(, lee, and other nmwnry rwnliMii for tho sick and
,hl! Vi,r'""3 military hospitals, Including
& J 23.000 for tho months of May and June of the current
fiscal year, $6&rj,000.
1 he Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out these items and insert;
For the medlcat and hospital department, including pay
of private physicians, purchase and repair of surgical in-
wmtiuents, purchase of extra hospital bedding, clothing ice
pay nf male citizens as hospital attendant*; the malnteu-
a^c^fsick and wounded soldiers placed in private houses
or hospitals, and other noecawny comfort* for tho sick and
convalescing in ifflS various military hospitals, $5,000,00(1.
Mr, PfifSSfSNDEN". That amendment is a
change of language, and I propose to let it stand
in that way, but restoring the amount of the ap-
propriation, i move to amend the amendment
>y hxmg the appropriation at $5,705,984.
I heamendmenttotheamendmentwasagreed to-
amendment, as amended, was adopted. '
I he following items were read, to which no
amendment was proposed:
ly contingent expenses of tho Adjutant General's do-
pftrtftietit at department headquarter*. $2,000.
nf .hlli!ll"i,e"sar0'101 clerk and messenger in the oflice
o! the commanding general, §2,000, lu Ia
UX1":"SCS "f °®CC 0f ll,e commanding
Air. HA LE. I wish to inquire of the Commit-
tee on * mance what Uicy mean by " the com-
manding general." Is there any such officer be-
sides the President? There is no such officer that
1 know of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it must mean
the commanding general of the army of the Poto-
mac, These provisions were in the House bill,
and we did not see fit to alter them.
t
Mr. HALE. I object to them. It may be an
evil example in us to recognize an officer who has
no existence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the usual course is to act on the amend-
ments reported by the committee, and then any
further amendments can be considered.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be continued.
The Secretary read the folio wing items; to which
no amendment was reported:
For supplies, transportation, and care of prisoners of war,
$3,:J73,728.
For armament of fortifications, $1,062,500.
For the current expenses of the ordnance service,
$732,600.
For ordnance, ordnance stoies, and supplies, including
horse equipments for all mounted troops, §7,380,000.
For the manufacture of arms at the national armory,
§'1,800,000.
For repairs and improvements and new maehiuery at the
national armory at Springfield, Massachusetts, §150,000.
For tiie puiehase of gunpowder and lead, $1,100,000.
For additions to and extension of shop room, machinery,
tools, and fixtures at arsenals, $500,000.
The next item was read, as follows:
For the purchase and manufacture of arms for volun-
teers and regulars, and ordnance and ordnance stores,
$13,000,000. '
The Committee on Finance proposed to reduce
this appropriation to $10,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The remaining items in the first scction of the
bill, to which no amendment was proposed, were
read, as follows:
For surveys of military defenses, $150,000
For purchase and repairs ot instruments, $10,000.
For piinting charts of lake surveys, §10,000.
For continuing the survey of the not thorn and northwest-
ern lakes, including Lake Superior, $105,000.
For completion of Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Florida,
$150,000. 5 '
For secret service fund, and to reimburse the contingent
fund of the Army, $150,000.
For payment of bounty to volunteers, and to the widows
and legal heirs oftuchas maydicorbe killed in the service
of the United States, authorized by the fifth and sixth sec-
tions of an act entitled "An act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the iawsandpiotect-
ing public property," approved July 22, 1861, $20,000,000,
or so much thorcof as may be found necessary.
The following amendment was proposed by the
Committee on Finance, to come in as section two
of the bill: *
Sec. 2. Ami be it farther enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same are hereby, in like manner, appro-
priated, out of any money in thoTrcasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the service of the year ending the 30th of
June, 1863:
For the construction and maintenance of the gunboat fleet
proper, $400,000.
For putchasirig, construction, and maintenance of steam
rams, §400,000.
For pay of private physicians, purchase and repair of sur-
gical instruments, purchase ot extra hospital bedding, cloth-
ing, ice, and oilier necessary comforts for the sick and con-
valescing in the various military hospitals, $125,000.
For compensation of chaplains of hospitals, from thedate
?0'!eJrpmjncueement of their service to the 30th of June,
loos, ^j<iju00i
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the second section of the
House bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And he it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
War be authorized to commute thu Army ration of coffee
and tugar. tor the ex tract of coffen, combined with milk and
sugar, to lie piocurcd in the eaine manner and under like
restrictions and guarantees a<? are preserved meats, pickles
butter, and desiccated vegetables, if he shall believe it will
be conducive to the health and comfort of the Army, and
not more expensive to the Government than the present
ration, and if it shall he acceptable to the men.
The Finance Committee propose to amend this
section by making it section three; by inserting
alter " sugar," in the third line, the words "in
regiments and coips where he shall believe it will
be acceptable to the men;"by striking out "are"
before "preserved," in line six; byinserting after
"vegetables," in line seven, the words " are pro-
cured for the Navy;" and by striking out the
words "and if it shall be acceptable to the men,"
at the close of the section; so as to make it read:
3' Jc furt/ier enacted, That the Secretary of
war be authorized to commute the Army ration of coffee
and sugar, in regiments nnd corps where he shall believe it
hi! i ° l!ilhe "len'for ",e cxmict ofcoffee, com-
bined with imlk and sugar, to be procured in the same man-
ntr una under like restrictionsandguaiantees as preserved
fV1>1Ci? sr l"me£' and desiccated vegetables are pro-
tn tti'l £f Li ^sjy>if 5e slm11 believe it will be conducive
to the health and comfort of the Army, and not more ex-
pensive to the Government than the present ration.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to strike out that
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
reasons for that.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state one or two reasons.
In the first place, I have tried this stuff, and I
think it is very vile stuff, although on that sub-
ject perhaps-thc Senator from Maine will disagree
with me. I am satisfied that the men themselves
infinitely prefer coffee either in its burnt state or
to have the privilege of burning it themselves. I
know that that is the case with men who are in
the habit of camping out in civil life, and I un-
derstand it is so with the soldiers. In the next
place, this section as it is leaves the thing en-
tirely in the hands of the Secretary of War, and
not optional with the men themselves. If it was
provided that if the regiments saw fit to have this
extract of coffee in place of such coffee as has
been heretofore furnished to them, there would be
some reason in it, but this leaves it entirely with
the Secretary of War to determine whether they
shall have this kind of coffee or the pure stuff that
they have heretofore had. The language of the
section is, that the Secretary of War is author-
ized to furnish it to such " regiments and corps
where lie shall believe it will be acceptable to the
men."
Another objection is that the section requires
this article to be procured in the same way that
the Navy Department procures preserved meat,
pickles, butter, and desiccated vegetables for the
Navy. You have a different system for procur-
ing these things in the Navy from what you have
in the Army. You are going to introduce a new
set of forms and regulations and proceedings to
secure to somebody the advantages that may be
derived from a contract for furnishing the extract
of coffee to a few regiments. Such articles as these
are procured under different circumstances and in
a different manner in the Navy from whatthey are
in the Army.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If the Senator objects to
the form of the proposition, he can easily propose
to amend it by striking out the words, " where
he shall believe it will be acceptable to the men."
Mr. GRIMES. Mine is not only a special
demurrer, but a general demurrer to the whole
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Try your special one first.
Mr. HALE. I think if this section were left
as it was before the committee amended it, it would
be better, and I move to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to strike out the latter
clause " and if it shall be acceptable to the men,"
and to insert, " where he shall believe it will be
acceptable to tho men" in a previous part of the
section. That will obviate one of the objections
of the Senator from Iowa. In regard to this ex-
tract of coffee, I confess that I have come to a
different opinion about the value of it from that
which has been stated by the Senator from Iowa.
I have drank it several times.
Mr. GRIMES. Which kind? There are three
kinds.
Mr. HALE. 1 drank that kind which was fur-
nished by Mr. Bridge.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought that wasTilden's
extract of coffee.
Mr. HALE. I recollect that we had several
bottles of it at the National Hotel when I was board-
ing there, and it was drank by a whole company,
and pronounced better coffee than is got on the
average at hotels. I believS it is a good thing. If
the Senate will leave the section as the House
passed it, so that this extract shall be furnished if
acceptable to the men, and striking out the dis-
cretion of the Secretary, I think the section would
be better. I move, therefore, to reconsider that
vote.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly content it should
be reconsidered, but I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to a fact. I have looked into the
subject of this milk and coffee business, and we
have some very valuable information on this sub-
ject furnished to us on some one of the early days
of the session from the War Department, growing
out of some transactions in connection with the
furnishing of coffee to certain regiments in the
Army. There are three kinds of coffee furnished
in this way, and one of them has milk combined
with it. There is a dispute as to which of these
is the most valuable. I am rather inclined to think,
from the testimony I have seen, that this is the
