1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
Mr. Chairman, men are but nothing in this
struggle. They are but ciphers—the whole of
them. These generals, with nil their epaulets and
sashes, are but the instruments by which the
strong aim of the country is to put down this re-
bellion. Since the war broke out I have, in my
humble sphere and capacity, endeavored to preach
thedoctrmeof forbearanceand concord and unity,
and have implored men on all sides to cease de-
preciating our generals. I have said that when
they go forth at the head of the Army with their
lives j n their hands, they are entitled to confidence
and respect. When the Administration super-
sedes them, well and good; let them pass away,
unless, so far as, this afternoon, we vindicate the
past, without saying what the Administration
shall do in the future. I say this as to General
McGlellan, as I do about General Fremont, and
every other geneial commanding. Whethtrthc
Administration shall yield to the wishes of hosts
of the people by giving General Fremontanother
command, is no part of my argument to-day. I
have no right to dictate on this point; and further
than I have already advised, I shall say nothing.
I have this, also, to say aboutGeneral Fremont:
I do not take him to be perfect. I know that all
men are fallible. He is sometimes an impulsive
man. He has feelings like all of us who are made
of flesh and blood. I legret very much that he
suffered this publication to be made, which the
chairman of the joint committee on the conduct of
the war objected to to-day. I wish that he had
bided his time a little longer. For six months he
has been standing with closed lips, and listening
to the allegations against him with a reticence
which has commanded the approbation not only
of his fnendsathome, but of thousands elsewhere
in the civilized world, waiting patiently for the
hour of his vindication. I wish he c-ould have
waited some time longer. But I think that some-
thing ought to be pardoned to a man who had pois-
oned arrows hurled against him from every side,
and who had been deposed from his command
under circumstances so painful and trying.
Without disparaging any other general, I have
this also to say of General Fremont: he is the only
major general of the United States Army who
has, in this war, gone out with his troops, away
from his headquarters—gone out over field and
valley and mountain and* plain and river. He
was the only one. I suppose the others-are will-
ing to do it. But while that record lives—and it
will live in history—no man will believe the inti-
mations of the gentleman from Missouri, that Fie-
mont is a timid man. The schoolboy at the log
school-house knows very well that there is not a
particle of timidity about the man, lie may not
have been fitted for the command of the military
department of the West. I tlunk he was. But
whether he was or not, he is a brave and fearless
man. He has braved death in a thousand forms,
and has written his name high up on the scroll of
history as a great discoverer, or as a great ad-
venturer, if you will. He has planted the stars
and stripes on the highest point of the Rocky
mountains. He has suffered privation and suf-
fering and toil in his daring journeys. His cheek
has not blanched in the presence of danger or of
death. And when he knew that the sword of
Damocles was hanging over his head by a single
hair, he went forth with his army in pursuit of
theenemy,to punish treason with the sword, and
encamped with the advance guard, instead of with
the iear, as is usually the custom of commanding
generals. No, sir, General Fremont is not a cow-
ard. He has no timidity.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. My friend does not
state, I trust, that I called General Fremont a
coward. , _
Mr. COLFAX. The language that my friend
used was 4< 1 imidity," which is of couise a qual-
ified decree of cowardice.
Now^m relation to this contract for the con-
struction of earthworks m St. Louis, 1 wish to say
that I will be frank upon this subject as upon every
other. I do not approve of that contract. I think
the contractor made too much money out of it. I
do not suppose it was made upon the judgment of
General Fremont, but that he yielded to the opin-
ions of the heads of the engineer department about
prices. I think the prices were too high, and truth
compels me to say so, because when I stand here
to vindicate General Fremont, I will not sacrifice
the truth to vindicate him or anybody else, if 1
speak at all, I must express my convictions. Rut
admitting that there was extravagance in his de*
partment, I ask whether every other department
of the Army has been managed with more care
and less extravagance ? Has not the Government
been imposed on even here, despite the keenest
watchfulness of the most experienced officeis,
some of whom have had no military duties to en-
gross or distract their minds?
General Thomas says in his report that two or
three hundred horses were found unfit for service;
that they were lame and ringboned and spavined,
although it is not proved that Fremont had seen
a single one of them. Well, sir, when I came to
Washington at the beginning of the present ses-
sion, upon lookinginto the Star, I noticed the sale of
fourteen hundred condemned Government hoiscs,
of the army of the Potomac, which brought prices
ranging from twenty-five cents to sixty dollars.
Yet my friend had no denunciations against the
management of this department. In time of war,
in conducting operations on so extensive a scale,
the experience of England in the Crimean war
and of all other nationsatsuch times unfortunately
prove that it is not to be expected that everything
would be precisely right, that all articles shall be
suddenly bought of the best quality and at the
lowest prices. I noticed, also, that the exhibits
attached to General Thomas's reports contained
two singular com^aints against General Fremont.
One was a complaint by General Hunter, that Fre-
mont had ordered him into the field, and that he
had forty wagons and only forty-one mules. And
the very next of the exhibits was a complaint by
(Quartermaster Turnley, within a few days of the
date of General Hunter's letter, complaining that
Fremont had ordered him to push on the inspec-
tion of mules as rapidly as possible. I think these
two complaints exactly answer each other. But
how could Fiemont have satisfied such critics?
My friend from Missouri vindicates the charac-
ter of the city of St. Louis. I wish I could be-
lieve all he says about the loyalty of that city, for
I think it is a very pleasant city. I have spent
many pleasant days there; I have enjoyed not only
the hospitality of my friend from Missouri, rep-
resenting the St. Louis district, but of many other
friends in that city. I believe with him that the
great body of the working men of that city are
loyal, but that a majonty of the men of wealth and
high social position there arc disloyal.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield to my friend, at
least until I have finished this sentence. Why,
sir, even since General Haileck assumed the com-
mand of thatdepartment, the secession candidates
for officers of the Chamber of Commerce of St.
Louis were elected by a sweeping majority.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is true that the
secession candidates were elected by the Chamber
of Commerce by a majority, and the same fact is
true in reference to the Mercantile Library Asso-
ciation of St. Louis, but that only shows that the
commercial men of the city were largely engaged
in commerce with the South, and were in that way
identified with secession. But I say to the gentle-
man that 1 know the city well, and 1 know that the
two regiments raised, which General Lyon took
prisoners at Camp Jackson, were all the secession
troops they could raise and all they could arm.
There was never an y necessity of declaring martial
law.
Mr. COLFAX. <*1 beg to say to my friend that
1 know something about St. Louis, though not,
of course, as much as himself. I have not only
visited it frequently, but I read the newspapers
published there, and particularly a paper which
used to be considered his organ, but I believe is
not now a favorite of his, the St. Louis Democrat.
And my fiiend knows very well that in the case
of the Mercantile Library Association, every effort
was made, both by the Unionists and secession-
ists, to carry the "election; that the Union men
paid the dues of Union members in arrears, and
proposed numbers of others, qualified for admis-
sion, for the purpose of obtaining their votes, but
nevertheless were defeated by a large majority.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The reason why
the Union men left the hall and refused to parti-
cipate in the meeting was, that a hundred Union
candidates to become members were excluded by
a majority of the old members, under a technical
rule requiring one day'r: notice before admission.
I do not often read the organ of the Fremont
party, of which the gentleman speaks, but I think
I am pretty well acquainted with the facts, never-
theless.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no doubtof it, and my
friend knows very well that these members of the
Chamber bf Commerce, who elected tlreir seces-
sion candidate, voted for him openly as such in
face of the United States military authorities in
the city. They made no professions of zealous
loyalty, as many secessionists have done in face
of an armed force. Their conduct was so open
and undisguised that General Haileck ordered
every one of the officers elect to come up arid
take the oath of allegiance; being, 1 believe, the
first civilians heimposed this upon, though he has
lequired it since more extensively still.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman will
allow me to say 
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield further. I did
not interrupt my friend the whole time he was
speaking.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman says
they were openly secession 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is out of order. The gentleman from In-
diana declines to yield.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am a little sensi-
tive upon this point.
Mr. COLPAX. Then I will yield, of course.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I merely desire to
say that these men did not vote for what was called
a secession candidate, but for a man known to be
a Union man, and who refused to hold the oiHce
after he had been elected.
Mr. COLFAX. Still, the statement remains
uncontradicted that he was voted for as a seces-
sion candidate by those whosympathized with the
men who are in arms against the Government,
and was elected as such.
Mr. Chairman, I know that the mass of the
people of the city of St. Louis, the working peo-
ple, as I said previously, are loyal; for, sir, when
this same General Fremont came hack to that city
after his removal; when he came with no faveflfc
to confer, but degraded, dishonored, deposed from
his command, the loyal people of that city, who
had heard alt the chaiges of their Representative
against him, but who still confided in him, flocked*
by thousands and tens of thousands, with banners
and torchlights and music and shoutings, to wel-
come him as no man was ever welcomed there
before. Oh, yes, sir, the heart of the people of
St. Louis is loyal; they have proved it so.
responsibility for the death of general lyon.
My friend from St. Louis has quoted docu-
mentsand presented arguments to prove that Gen-
eral Fremont had it in his power to reinforce Gen-
eral Lyon before the battle of Springfield, and that
his failure to perform that duty was the cause of
General Lyon's death, and these I desire now to
examine. Sii, the death of General Lyon occurred
on the 10th of August, and yet the friendship of
the gentleman from Missouri for General Fre-
mont continued undiminished for weeks after. He
continued to be the friend of the man whom he
now arraigns asa guilty criminal; for if the charges
he makes are proved, General Fremont, in will-
fully suffering the death of thatgallantofficer, was
guilty of a no less crime than murder. I think I
can show to this committee that twenty days after
the death ofGenuial Lyon my friend from Mis-
souri did not charge General Fremont with crime
in failing to send reinforcements. I will read the
dispatch of Captain Schofield, now General Scho-
field, whom my friend knows, because he was, I
believe, connected with his regiment at St. Louts
when I was there. I want to show the reasons
why General Lyon was not reinforced, and I shall
show it m away my friend from Missouri cannot
deny,unless he denies the documents themselves.
In his dispatch, as adjutant general of General
Lyon, dated Springfield, July 15, he says:
Governor Jackson is conccntraung his forces in the
southwestern part of the State, and i^ leceiving large re-
inforcements fioin Arkansas, Tennessee, Louisiana, and
Texas. His effective foice will soon be certainly not less
than thirty thousand men, probably much larger. All idea
of any further advance movement, or of even maintaining
our present position, must soon be abandoned, unless Ike Gov-
ernment furnhk us promptly with large reinforcements and
supplies. Our troops ate badly clothed, poorly fed, and im-
perfectly supplied with tents; none of them have yet been
paid, and the three months' volunteers have become dis-
heartened to such an extent that very few of them are will-
ing to renew their enlistment. The blank pay-rolls are not
