1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
108
never will consent to consolidate that army with
the regular soldiers of the United States. Never I
They are my reliance for the preservation of this
Government. If misfortune should overtake us,
and if, as has been predicted as one of the con-
sequences of this rebellion, some ambitious man
should attempt to turn the Army of the country
against itself, and to establish a military dictator-
ship m the United States, I rely on the bone and
sinew of these six hundred thousand men and
their commanders to stand by the Constitution
and liberties of the country and maintain the Gov-
ernment as it is. Make them all regular soldiers,
and we do not know what may be the conse-
quences.
f am not in favor of increasing the expenses of
the Army unnecessarily. The gentleman from
Illinois seems to think that we have enough of
soldiers already. I suppose he thought so when
he was at Bull Run. But he found he was mis-
taken. He was there, and saw that we had not
enough. When the Army marches with a view
of carrying out the plan of the campaign, I do not
want that it shall have to leave one tenth of its
force behind to protectthe base of operations. It
is unfortunately our destiny that Kentucky is to
be the base of operations in this campaign; and
unless I am mistaken in the signs of the times,
the first decisive battle that is to be fought in this
campaign against the rebel army will be fought
on Kentucky soil, while you are playing the game
of "m and out" here on the Potomac river. I
want that this Kentucky force shall be organized
to protect the carrying of the necessary supplies
and to preserve the peace of the State. I read an
account this morning of the march of a rebel com-
pany at Bagdad, in the district of my colleague,
who are dtagging in the Union men of Shelby
county, Kentucky,to make them take an oath to
support Davis's government. A few men were
sent to take them; but they were not strong enough,
and had to call for reinforcements. I suspect there
is fighting at Bagdad now between the rebel forces
got up there on the spur of the occasion and the
few troops brought from Louisville.
The force now asked for is to be used as an aid
to the main body; and although itisto be enlisted
for twelve months only, my idea is that Kentuc-
kians will not stop to say that their time is ex-
pired, and that they will go home. I will pledge
my honor to my friend from Illinois that he need
not be afraid of a negro insurrection m the State
of Kentucky. We will take care of our servants
there, if he will only just let them alone.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise for the purpose of stat-
ing the reason why 1 must vote against this bill.
It is estimated for by no Department of the Gov-
ernment. It is called for by no Department of the
Government. I think that if this House mean
that the war shall be carried on to a successful
termination, it must be done in such an econom-
ical manner as that the people shall not become
alarmed, and that it shall not have to be aban-
doned before it is finished. The only way to guard
against that is to use economy, and to restrain the
expenditures of the Government within all possi-
ble bounds, consistent with carrying it on prop-
erly.
Now, sir, the House ought to know something
about what it will be called upon to appropriate,
according to the estimates sent to us. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will have to report a
deficiency bill, even after Congress appropriating
^316,000,000 last July, We shall have to appro-
priate from one hundred and sixty to two hun-
dred and fourteen million dollars more to make
up the deficiencies for this fiscal year. We shall
also have to reporta bill making an appropriation
offt-ll.'i,000,OOOfornext year. We will thus have
to appropriate more than six hundred million dol-
lars, without the addition of a single dollar beyond
what is estimated for. Now, sir, that in itself is
alarming. 1 confess I do not see how, unless the
expenses are greatly curtailed, this Government
can possibly go on over six months. If we go
on increasing expenses, as we have been doing,
and as we propose to do by this bill, the finances,
not only of the Government but of the whole coun-
try must give way, and the people will be involved
in one general bankruptcy and ruin.
Now what does this bill propose to do? We
have already in the field an army of six hundred
thousand men. I am told that eighty thousand
of these arc in Kentucky, constituting the com-
mand of General Buell. If that be not enough,
it is most remarkable that out of the six hundred
and sixty thousand now in the field, enough cannot
be spared to guard Kentucky.
I had hoped that Kentucky was not insomuch
danger. We had a rose-colored view of the state
of affairs in Kentucky in the President's message.
He informed us that Kentucky had made such
progress that she was now able to take care of
herself. We were told that Missouri was in the
same category, and would never more be over-
run. We were told the same thing in respect to
Maryland. But now it seems to be thought that
unless there is a continued military occupation of
Kentucky, when the Army of the country has
driven the enemy from the State, her own citi-
zens would not be sufficient to guard her. Sir, if
they be not sufficient, let her have as many more
troops as she calls for. In God's name, I would
not expose Kentucky to any danger. I had never
supposed there was any such danger there as that
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Lovejoy.] But if there be any danger that the
troops there are not sufficient to guard the State
after the enemy has been driven off, let the Gov-
ernment order just as many more as Kentucky
requires. I can well understand how, if the troops
are withdrawn, there will be an immediate rising
of the rebels there. I have no doubt that if our
Army were to be withdrawn from Maryland, she
would be thrown into secession in a week. I do
not believe anything about the loyaHy of the Mary-
land people. I do not know how it is that Mary-
land has seven regiments in the service of the
United States and none in the rebel service. I do
not understand where the Presidentgcts his facts
which he states in this respect. I believe he has
been misled. I believe he is laboring under a
hallucination of mind upon this subject, as fatal as
that of Samson under the manipulations of Delilah.
But, sir, as 1 said before, if they want moie
troops in Kentucky, let more be sent. I under-
stand there are six hundred and sixty thousand
men under arms somewhere. I do not know
where they are. I do not see their footsteps. I
do not see their tracks. I know they are lying
about somewhere, where they can be very well
spared. They are doing nothing. Let them be
sent into Kentucky to guard the country there
while our troops arc marching beyond that State.
But now we arc asked that a novel kind of foice
shall be raised of twenty thousand men. We are
asked that the President shall exercise over them
a power, which by the Constitution is conferred
alone upon Congress, to impose rules and regu-
lations in regnrd to the composition of that force,
that he may convert these twenty thousand men
from infantry to mounted rifles. Do gentlemen
know what those twenty thousand men will cost
the Government for a year? If they are infantry,
they will cost $20,000,000. If they are mounted
men, you alt know, who aie familiar with the op-
erations of this Government, that a regiment of
mounted men costs $1,500,000 a year. I ask this
House if they are prepared to add to the burdens
their constituents now have upon them, and which
they must bear, twenty or thirty million dollars
a year more, unless there is some imperative
necessity for it? I cannot do it. Unless such a
necessity be shown, 1 cannot vote for tins bill.
As I said before, there is no call by the Admin-
istration for these troops. I do not doubt what
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe]
says is true as to the statement made to him re-
specting the views of the War Department, and I
am not blaming him for asking the passage of this
bill; but if the Department require these twenty
thousand additional troops let them send a requi-
sition here showing there is a necessity for them,
and for adding twenty or thirty million dollars to
our annual expenses, and to the public burdens,
and I shall reluctantly vote for it. But until then,
although 1 have the highest respect for the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and for the Committee
on Military Affairs, yet I cannot vote one dollar
for another troop to be raised beyond the six hun-
dred and sixty thousand now in the field until the
necessity is shown by some one further than it
has yet been shown. While I am reluctant to vote
against any bill which the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky desires, I cannot bring it within the line of
duty, as 1 regard it, to vote for this bill. If he will
urge the Department and the Commander-in-Chief
to send troops now in scrviccinto his Stale I hope
they will gratify him, and I have no doubt they
will gratify him. 1 have no doubt his recommend-
ations will have that potency which they ought
to have. But for Heaven's sake do not let us go
on piling mountains upon mountains of debt and
taxation, until the nation itself is finally destroyed
in the operations of this war.
Mr. DUNLAP. -I desire, in the few words I
shall utter on the present occasion, to speak in
behalf of Kentucky also. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] took occasion to allude to
Kentucky's neutrality in a manner which indi-
cated that that neutrality was not of a loyal char-
acter. I desire to say to him, and to this House,
that the Union men of Kentucky,.who have twice
in the last summer voted, by a very large major-
ity overall opposition in that State, in favor of
maintaining our position within the Union, never
entertained the idea of such a neutrality as has
been attributed to them outside of this House and
upon this floor. The secessionists of Kentucky
regarded the neutrality of that State as of this
character; they denied even to the Government
of the United States the right to enter upon the
soil of the State with an armed force. They de-
clared that any such conduct would be a breach
of our neutrality. If the forces of the so-called
southern confederacy entered upon our soil, that,
too, would constitute a breach of neutrality in the
estimation of the secession party of that State.
The neutrality of the Union men of the State
never denied the right of the Government of the
United States to enter upon the soil of Kentucky,
at any time, for the purpose of protection, or for
the purpose of sustaining the Government. When
the camp within my own county—camp Dick
Robinson—was organized, it was organized by
the forces of the General Government, to be sus-
tained by the General Government for the purpose
of maintaining Kentucky in the Union as one of
these States.
Mr. Speaker, I am attempting to represent the
sixth congressionaldistrictof Kentucky, a district
which constitutes one seventh the territory of the
Sjtate, although the population is sparse in every
portion of it. We border upon the Cumberland
Gap. At that point General ZollicofTer, with
seven thousand Tennessee troops, entered upon
the soil of Kentucky, devastating the country as
lie passed through it. But before he had passed
the Gap the citizens of my district had sent forth
to camp Dick Robinson a regiment of men, leav-
ing their families unprotected and but scantily pro-
vided for. While they were in camp the Tennes-
see troops entered the State, devastating the coun-
try everywhere, and cutting off all supplies from
the families of the men in the Union army. Not-
withstanding their unprotected condition, the peo-
ple in my section of the State remained true in
their loyalty; and, without instituting invidious
comparisons, I may safely say that no part of the
State has organized more troops and sent them
forth to preserve Kentucky in her position in this
Union^under the Constitution of the Republic.
At camp Wild Cat, with the'assistance of two
or three Ohio regiments and one Indiana regiment,
we encountered General Zollicoffer with his army
of seven thousand. The victory on our part was
complete. The enemy abandoned his encamp-
ment and fled from the State.
No sooner was that done than General Thomas,
the commanding officer in that vicinity of Ken-
tucky, believing that there was no necessity for
retaining the forces longer at camp Wild Cat,
withdraw them for the purpose of strengthening
the Union army in another portion of the State.
When the withdrawal had taken place, however,
the same forces which first appeared upon our soil
suddenly returned and recommenced the work of
devastation in our country. And to such an ex-
tent have they cariied the work that the families
of Union men in that portion of the State are left
wholly unprovided for the coming winter.
Is there then no necessity to protect Kentucky ?
She is a border State. She is to be the battle-
field of the coming contest, which may take place
at any hour. She has been known in the past as
" the dark and bloody ground,"and in the future,
and that not far distant, she is promised to have
that appellation renewed upon her coil. We want
a force to defend that border State in this warfare.
When your armies pass over her border, con-
queringas they go, into Tennessee—and I believe
they will be in Tennessee in the next ten days—
