104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
there wilt be left opportunity for marauding par-
ties to invade us and to devastate and destroy our
property, unless some such measure as this is
adopted. To protect that border, which will be
left unprotected when the army of the Union has
left it, we demand only this pittance, that Ken-
tucky shall be permitted to raise this force herself.
It is to protect her own people. That much is due
at least to Kentucky for her loyalty and service
to the Government.
And in this state of the case wo ask but little.
Kentucky is as true as any State in this Union;
and I believe that when you propose to vote
against this bill, you again spread as it were dev-
astation over the border. My district has raised
three regiments for the Government, and fractional
companies of a fourth regiment, constituting one
seventh part of the force necessary to makeup Ken-
tucky's quota of the five hundred thousand men
voted for this war by Congress. True it is that we
eommcncedata late hour, yet whenllefthome the
consolidation of regiments throughout the State
had been almost completed. We then had twenty-
six thousand four hundred and sixty-two gallant
soldiers in the field in the cause of the Union—to
defend and protect Union people. She will with
alacrity send forth the twenty thousand men asked
by this bill for home consumption first, and then
for the border contest. When we have driven the
secessionists from our limits, tiiese twenty thou-
sand men will follow the twenty-six thousand
already in the field, to fight for the Union any-
where their services may be needed. Will you
deny us this poor pittance? We propose to raise
this force ourselves, and not to ask for it to be sent
from another portion of this country.
And let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, that Ken-
tucky is true and loyal to the Government and to
the Union under any circumstances. She cannot
be driven out of this Union. She intends to re-
main true mid loyal. She was the first State that
joined the Union after the formation of the Con-
stitution, and she will be the last to leave it. We
only ask the help of the Government to protect us
in- this emergency, and in order to preserve our
identity in this Union.
Mr. D1VEN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to advert
briefly to the argument employed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] against
this bill—that is, in reference to the enormous
expenses that this country is incurring, and his
unwillingness to add to that expense under any
contingency. Sir, this country is advanced too
far in this war to recede. It will not do to make
Calculations as to whether the expenses now run-
ning against the Government can be endured for
two or three years. The expenses that are rolling
up daily and monthly must be terminated? How
terminated? By withdrawing our troops, dis-
banding our armies, and giving up this struggle?
Who would thus terminate this expense? No,
sir, that is not the way. There is but one determ-
ination as to the mannei in-which this expense
shall be ubridged. It is by going through with
what we have undertaken. This rebellion must
be put down, and put down speedily, or it will
wear out the resources of the country. In decid-
ing, therefore, whether 1 will vote for this addi-
tional expense or not, I will be controlled by the
fact whctliertliis rebellion will sooner be putdown
by my giving than by my withholding my vote.
Let it be made apparent that by this additional
force in Kentucky this rebellion can be subdued
one month soonci than by withholding it, and it
can be shown that no better economy can be em-
ployed than by the expenditure of this money m
Kentucky. Suppose it will be $10,000,000 addi-
tional expense, or $20,000,000, and that it will end
this rebellion one month sooner, why we will then
save $30,000,000, for I believe that the current
expenditures of the Government are $30,000,000
a month. The question with me is, whether the
granting this further appropriation to raise this
increase of our Army will hasten one hour the
crushing-out of this rebellion. It will not do, sir,
for men to stop to study their arithmetic in order
to deteiinine whether we can endure this expense
for five years. We must not continue this war
for one year longer. It must be ended within the
next six months, and every effort that is neces-
sary for the country to put forth to end itspeedily
must be put forth.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mi. Speaker, I have no
idesire to obstruct the passage of the bill, I move,
however, in order to obviate one objection which
has been urged against this bill, to strike out the
word " temporarily," in the tenth line of the first
section.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not now
in order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. There will be no objection
to it when I have made an explanation.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been engrossed,
and read the third time, and the question now is
on its passage.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, although I
thought this bill objectionable when I first heard
it, yet I hesitated to oppose it as it occurred to me
that it might look as though I was opposing it
because it happened to come from a slave State.
In regard to the remark of the gentleman from
Kentucky, it reminds me of Sterne, who called
the Papal question his Cheshire cheese. He said
that whenever he was hard up for the close of a
sermon, as he could always eke out a scant din-
ner by Cheshire cheese and brown bread, so he
could always finish a sermon by a fling at the
Papists. When these gentlemen on the other side
are hard pushed for an argument, they have a sneer
for the negro. [Laughter.] But it has no terror
for me. It has been tried once or twice this ses-
sion. It has been tried ever since I have been a
member upon this floor; and I say to the gentle-
men as the old Roman said: " Contempsi Catilinw
gladios; non pertlmescam twos." I have fought
this from the bottom. I have met these questions
before the people, and I thank God that i am not
particularly intimidated by any Representative of
the people. I come hero with a larger majority
than nine tenths of the gentlemen representing
slaveholding districts have votes. If any gentle-
men expect mo to vote to carry on this war in the
interest of thirty thousand slaveholders, as we
have administered the Government for more than
a quarter of a century ill the interest of three hun-
dred thousand, they are mistaken. I will carry
on the war to put down rebellion, and slavery
must take care of itself.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Butwili you let us alone?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I assure thosegentlemen that
so long as they throw out these sneers against
anti-slavery they will luive sneer for sneer, a Ro-
land for an Oliver. I have never stood m awe of
the slave-whip, and I never expect to tremble at
it. It is pitiful to court a grin when one should
present an argument. I will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that I was at Bull Rim, but I did
not run.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not charge the gen-
tleman with running, I only said he was there.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir,I was there; andit
was not for the want of soldiers that we did not
succeed, for our soldiers fought well. It was for
the reason that some of our officers were not com-
petent, and one of them was drunk, so that the
soldiers were not brought into action. General
Richardson made this charge; and what was the
finding of the court-martial? The first finding
was, that General Richardson was justified in
making the charge or statement as to diunkcn-
ness; second, that they fouiSd no evidence that
the officer was di unk; and thirdly, having no time
to pursue the investigation further, they recom-
mended that the court-martial be indefinitely post-
poned.
But I come back to the point. There is one
statement or argument which has not been an-
swered; and that is, that we have force enough
without raising any additional force. We already
have soldiers enough to place in Kentucky, and
to perform the service contemplated in this bill.
That statement has not been controverted. The
question then comes back, why raise twenty thou-
sand additional soldiers when you do not need ,
them? flic question has not been answered, and 1
it cannot be answered. Perhaps I do not under- !
stand the provisions of this bill; but it says, " to '
be employed within the limits'of Kentucky, in !
repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection," and
guarding and protecting the public property." I '
would like to ask the gentleman from Kentucky
from whom this insurrection in Kentucky is an-
ticipated > What class of men in that Slate is it
expected will get up this insurrection?
Mr, WICKLIFFE. Shall 1 answer the gen-
tleman now?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I expect that the same
spirit that, has got upan insurrection everywhere,
will still continue to do.so in Kentucky. Besides
that, we want to keep out insurrectionists that
come from other States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman whether
any such have invaded the State?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have already stated that
nine thousand men under one leader, and some-
thing like three thousand under another, have
already invaded the State. In this statement I
exclude those now on the south side of the Green
river. I stated that the same region of coun-
try over which General Nelson drove Williams's
command, is said now to be invaded by Virginia
troops and Kentucky secessionists, united.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Still it seems tome that this
is simply a police force for Kentucky, for the lan-
guage is, "suppressing insurrection,and guarding
and protecting public property." I suppose that
does not mean the property of the United States,
nor the property of the State of Kentucky; but
the property of individuals all over the State.
Now we cannot undertake to place a soldier to
guard every item of property all over the United
States. Thirty thousand men were recalled from
southwestern Missouri on the very ground that
we could not guard the property of every Union
man in Missouri; and that the services of those
soldiers were needed for fighting these contem-
plated battles in Kentucky.
But there is another objection to the bill, and
that is, that at the discretion of the commander
this force may be turned into mounted riflemen.
It can be transformed into that arm of the ser-
vice which, as wo all know, is the most expen-
sive, and of which we have a superabundance
already.
But I will not prolong this debate. Whatever
gentlemen may suppose, I have no feeling what-
ever upon this subject. I am ready to guard and
protect every true loyal man; every man any-
where who loves the Union more than he loves
slavery. I am willing to extend to them the pro-
tection of all the power of the United States,
whether in Kentucky, Missouri, or any other
State. I am willing to vote in good faith all the
men and all the money needed to put down this
rebellion; but 1 am not willing to vote 4,30,000,000
to raise twenty thousand men who are not needed,
and when we have even more men already than
we know what to do with, and when we can take
twenty thousand from this city and place them in
Kentucky without missing them. We all know
that the city is overflowing with soldiers. Let
some of these men be transferred into Kentucky
or elsewhere.
Mr. WRIGHT. This bill has received the
thorough attention and investigation of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, it is no project of
lawsentin atahazard. It was introduced by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. WicicLirFE,]
and referred to theCommittee on Military Affairs.
Now, while I do not pretend to say that because
a measure comes from the hands of a committee
it must necessarily pass, that fact certainly does
furnish to the House at least one reason why we
ought to consider a bill thus presented. As this
bill was originally offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, it did, as suited by the gentleman fiotn
Illinois, partake in a great measure of the char-
acter of a police measure for the protection of the
State of Kentucky; but because it did contain
those features, the Committee on Military Affairs
raised objections to it, and they would not report
it to this House unless it had incorporated in it a
provision by which that force might be used in
the regular service whenever the commanding
general of the force should think it expedient and
proper. Therefore the troops raised will partake
not only of the character of a police regulation for
the protection of the people of Kentucky, but it
will also be auxiliary to the Army of the United
States, and can be used as such. The gentleman
who originally offered this bill to the House ac-
cepted that modification. It was carefully consid-
ered, and the bill comes here not from a majority
of the committee, but by the unanimous vote of
the committee. And it comes here for what I
regard us the very best of reasons; and that is,
that the Government shall not call upon the bor-
der State of Kentucky to furnish twenty-seven
thousand men to fill up the ranks of the regular
Army, and take them out of the State, and thus
