3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
"An act tfl found a Military Asylum for the relief and sup-
port of invalid and disabled soldiers of the Army of the Util-
ted States" as requires that "all moneys, not exceeding
two thirds'of the balance on hand of the hospital fund, and
of the post fund of each military station, after deducting the
necessary expenses." shall be set apart to support the Mili-
tary Asylum, be and the same is hereby repealed.
• This proposition meets the approval of the board
who now have charge of this asylum, known as
the Soldiers' Home, here. By the law passed
some years since, establishing the institution, it
was provided, for the purpose of creating a fund
ftjp the Soldiers' Home, that a certain portion of
the moneys collected at each military postthrough-
out the country should be given to this asylum.
The asylum fund is now sufficient, and the con-
tribution is no longer necessary, and it is recom-
mended that this moneyshould be left at the posts
where it is collected; and that is the provision of
the amendment. It is simply to change the law
so as to leave the posts the use of the money they
collect.
Mr. HALE. 1 should like to understand the
reason for this amendment.
Mr. KING. I suited a moment ago tlmt this
contribution from every station in the country
was required by law at the time this asylum was
founded, deemed to be necessary to give a suffi-
cient fund for the support of the establishment. It
has been found that the other provisions for the
support of this establishment are sufficient, and
these are funds collected at the several stations
which are used there for their sick and disabled,
and the asylum is willing to relinquish it to them
again.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator will permit
me, I will suggest I lint there is another reason for
this amendment now. At the time the act was
passed appropriating a certain portion of the funds
of post hospitals for the purpose of this Soldiers'
Home, it was n time of peace, when there were ac-
cumulations at different post hospitals that might
be dispensed with. Now there being a war, and
a final immy sick and wounded in all the post hos-
pitals, and in the field,all this hospital fund is re-
quired for the comfort of the soldiers who are sick
and wounded in the hospitals; and it is thought
that it will bo better to apply it to their benefit there
than to divert it for the purpose of supporting the
Soldiers' Home, which is amply provided with
funds.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied with that statement;
but while 1 am up I will say a word in regard to
this Soldiers'Home. There is no fund collected
bjr this Government that has been so abused and
misappropriated as this.
Mr. NLSMlTll. I will state to the Senator
from New Hampshire that, a month or six weeks
ainec, I introduced a resolution calling for all the
information in relation to the financial condition
of the institution and its resources, the sums de-
rived from eiio.li resource, and the application or
expenditure of it, the amount on hand, where de-
posited, and under whose control. A report, in
answer to that resolution, I understand, has been
made, and is now in the hands of the printer, anil
will be printed in a few days.
Ms. HALE. I wish the Military Committee
had gone further than that. 1 was on a select com-
mitter tlmtexamiiied the concern afew years ago,
and we suggested a great many improvements that
were made; but the fact is that there has been a
great perversion of this fund that is collected outof
the small wages of the soldiers. Instead of building
a soldiers' home with it, they built, a large palace,
and then built another similar one on a smaller
scale. Instead of spending the money for the
benefit of the soldiers, it was made a comfortable
country seat for the President of the United States
and the Secretary of War, &c. I called attention
to nonce before, and Mr. Buchanan thought that
I did him injustice. I endeavored to do him justice
afterwards. I believe Mr. Buchanan did pay his
• own bills while he was there. He said he did, and
I think he did. But I say (and 1 say it without
any reference to the present President, because he
only continues a bad precedent which his prede-
cessors began) it is a gross perversion to culled
twenty cents a month out of the soldiers' wa«-es,
and then, instead of devoting it to the soldiers'
wmfoi t, UMiis it to build splendid palaces for offi-
cers of the General Government to go out theie
and spend their summers, itis a very great abuse,
and it is practiced to-day. Further than that, I
have heard—and I call the attention of the Military
Committee to it—that some of the officers of the
Government have let their own houses to the
Government at a very high price and gone out
to live at the Soldiers' Home for nothing. I do
not know whether that is true or not, but it has
been so stated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ICING. 1 offer the following amendment
as a new section:
Jiml be it further enacted, That the enlisted men of the
ordnance department, now designated as master workmen,
shall hereafter be designated and mustered as sergeants ;
those now designated as armorers, carriage-makers, and
blacksmiths,shall be designated and mustered as corporals;
tho-e now designated as artificers, shall be designated and
mustered as privates of the first class; and those now des-
ignated as laborers, shall be designated and mustered as pri-
vates of llie second class : Provided, That the pay, lations,
and clothingnow authorized by law to the respective grades,
of enlisted ordnance men shall not be changed.
I will say one word to the Senator from New
Hampshire in relation to the other question. The
sum is twelve and a half cents that is paid by the
soldiers for the Soldiers' Home.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What about this?
Mr. KING. This amendment, it will be per-
ceived from the reading of it, does not affect the
pay or emoluments of those persons; it merely
gives them a military designation, which is the
object, so as to give them a rank and a place in
the Army, so that bills, which properly ought to
apply to them and which would apply to them if
they were designated as sergeants and corporals
belonging to the Army, may be applied. Many
of tho'military laws do not designate the persons
to whom they shall be applicable by the name of
workmen and mechanics, as these persons are.
This gives them a military name and designation,
and a place m the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ICING. I am also instructed to offer the
following as an additional section:
JInd he it further enacted, That in all cases where lecrult-
ing oliiceis have, In good faith, paid the two dollars for
bunging accepted lecrutls to the rendezvous before receiv-
ing notice of the repeal of the regulation allowing the same,
the account of such officer shall be allowed in settlement
by the Treasury Department. f
This is a subject on which the War Depart-
ment has been consulted. It will not amount to
a great deal, but they do not know precisely to
what sum. Formerly two dollars was allowed to
the person who brought in a recruit for the regular
Army. That provision was repealed by a law of
the last session, 1 think; but before notice of that
repeal reached the different recruiting stations,
some recruits had been brought in, and the offi-
cers had, in good faith, paid the amount allowed
by law. The object of this amendment is to al-
low, in such cases in settling their accounts, the
allowance to be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
attended with some difficulty. I know the fact
that in many cases officers very anxious to raise
companies chose to disregard the law, and pay out
of their own pockets the two dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. This applies only to reg-
ulars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, I am speak-
ing of the regulars. Some officers appointed, in
the new regular regiments, anxious to raise their
companiesnndgctinto the field,having some means
of their own, chose to pay for the sake of getting
into the field early, a sum of money, two dollars
generally, nnd sometimes more, for each recruit.
I am told that in one particular case a colonel, who
was i\ rich man, and anxious to fill hisregiment, au-
thorized his recruiting;officer to pay the two dollars,
and it is said that he has paid aconsiderable amount
of money. He wanted to be at the head of his
regiment and he got it very nearly full. How are
you going to establish the fact that they paid the
money, failing to get notice of the law? All they
will do will be to come forward and say that they
paid the money; but how can it bo established
that it-wag paid without notice? That does not
seem to he provided for. If there was a case
where they really did it in the way the amend-
ment supposes, it ought to be paid, but I think it
will reach a good many other cases where they
made advances for their own purposes.
Mr. KING. I call the attention of the Senator
from Maine to the manner in which the amend-
ment is framed. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. ICING. There is no requisition for proof
to be presented to the Department, but the lan-
guage of the amendment was designed, andifthe
accounting officer of the Treasury docs his duty
he will require a voucher for each payment. The
money can only have been paid for a recruit
brought in; and it must be shown to the satisfac-
tion of the accounting officer, and it would be his
duty to inquire and see that reasonable proof was
made of the fact, that the money was paid by the
recruiting officer before information of the repeal
of the regulation had reached him. If it bo proper
to make this allowance, and lam inclined to think
it is, where in good faith the recruiting officer has
paid the money, with fail-accounting officers there
will be no difficulty in guarding the Treasury.
This allowance was made by a regulation having
the force of law, and the officer was not only au-
thorized to pay the money, but the person bring-
ing in the recruit had a right to demand this sum.
I was informed that the amount was not large,
but made a difficulty in the settlement and closing
of a good many accounts which they thought at
the Department should be closed. If the Senator
from Maine thinks of any words which will make
it more certain that the money shall not be paid
exxept in cases where it ought to be, I shall be
content to accept any amend ment. The words
" in good faith" were inserted with a view to se-
cure that object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I am instructed also to offer as au
additional section the following:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be added to
the clerical foice of the Singeoti Geneial's office one cleik
ol class one, and one cleik of class two ; and there shall be
added to llie clerical force of the Paymaster General's office
three clerks of class Tool, si.x clerks of class tlnee, eleven
eleiks of clays two, and twenty clerks ol class one ; and
that there shall be added to the clerical and other foice of
the Adjutant General's office two clerks of class four, two
clerks of class three, six clerks of class one, and ten other
clerks at a monthly compensation of sixty dollars each; and
the Adjutant Geneial may detail ten move non-commis-
sioned officeis of the Army as clerks in his office.
These additional clerks have been recommended
to the Secretary by the different departments of
the War Office; and in a communication from him
they are declared to be absolutely essential to the
perfonnance of the business of the office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the amend-
ment should be amended by adding an appropia-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trustanother modification
will be made, and that all these clerks will be
made first class clerks, so as to receive $1,200 a
year. They will be new clerks, as a matter of
course. There were very few in those offices be-
fore; and I see no reason for promoting those who
are there. We might as well employ first class
cleiks at §1,200, as second class clerks at SI,400,
and so on.
Mr. ICING. The Senator from Ohio is aware
that this is an amendment agreed to by the Mili-
tary Committee, and is presented in the form in
which it was agreed to by them. It was agreed
to by them in the form in which it was submitted,
and asked for by the War Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. The heads of Departments
like always to have the appointment of ,600 and
$1,800 clerks, but they can get as many as thev
want for §1,200. 3 '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to my
fiiend from Ohio, that perhaps he may be some-
what mistaken as to this matter. As to the general
rule, he is no doubt correct. It will do in a large
establishment like the Treasury Department,
when new clerks are given,to put them all on the
lowest salary, but in providing new clerks for the
Pension Office, a few days ago, the Senator will re-
member that we made them all clerks of class one,
and the House of Representatives disagreed to that
amendment, and on a conference the committee of
conference became satisfied that it was necessary
to have some of a different class, how many I do
not remember; but it was stated by the Secretary
of the Interior that it was absolutely necessary,
and lie gave reasons which were satisfactory to
the committee.
I do not know how far this matter has been in-
vestigated; butitrequiresadifferent class of clerks.
The new clerks, those that come in as new men
should be probably of class one; but suppose you
raise the clerks now in office to class two, class
three, and class four, and fill their places. It
would be necessary, on the principles that have
