1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1120
boat in. When Fremont came to the door and saw
it, he positively refused to ride in it, preferring to
walk to the levee or to go in an ordinary carriage.
But his friends told him that it had been said that
he dare nut show himself to the people for fear of
being; assassinated, and it was necessary that he
should go down to the boat as puhhely as possi-
ble, in order to show that there was no truth in
the report; and thereupon Fremont consented to
enter the carriage, and this was added to the
charges against him.
I have heard a great deal, too—and the House
will pardon me for these digressions, as a few in-
cidental points strike my mind while speaking—
about a costly $6,000 house which he hired in St.
Louis for himself and his staff. I have been in
that house, and so has my friend from St. Louis;
for at one time both he and I were able to pass its
" barricades." Other generals and other officers
have found that they must exclude most of the
thousand visitors desiring to see theiji, if they
wished to attend to their grave and responsible
trusts; but from one end of the country to the
other Fremont was denounced for these barri-
cades. 1 found out this in regard to that celebrated
house: that the officers crowded into that one
house, where they were at the instant call of the
commanding general, no time lost in sending mes-
sengers from one office to another, but all under
thesame roof,and the telegraph with them, would,
if they had been in separate quarters, have been
allowed, under the Army regulations, $6,400 for
quarters. Fremont paid $6,000 a year for this
house, and yet he has been denounced for that as
an evidence of his reckless extravagance.
There is another thing to which 1 wish to refer
before I leave these minor points. When I got
to St. Louis at one time, I heard a great many
sneers about Fremont having ordered five hundred
tons of ice, and about the glorious time he and his
staff would have with their sherry cobblers, &c.,
on their march to southwest Missouri. I made
inquiry about it, and found that it was on a requi-
sition from the surgeon that this ice was supplied.
It was not to accompany the army, but to be used
in the hospitals along the railroad, where the sick
were suffering, and to which the wounded, after
battle, would, if possible, have been brought. It
made my heart bleed'to think that the general
commanding should be denounced for this. In
some of the Indiana regiments, my own fellow-
citizens, for whose sufferings in the field or the
hospital I have felt deeply, nearly half the men
were lying sick from ievers contracted by ma-
laria and exposure, and because they were not
used to the muddy water of the Missouri. After
they went into hospital, and drank thesame water,
they continued sick. One regiment, the twenty-
second, had a majority in hospital from the mil-
iaria and the drinking of this wafer. The sur-
geons asked for ice for hospital purposes, for the
sick and suflVringmen who had gone out to fight,
to suffer, and to die, if needs be, for their country.
And for yielding to that, and showing, as he al-
ways has, a deep solicitude for the men under his
command, Fremont was denounced in St. Louis
and all over the country. Let the denunciation go
on. The brave men whose parched lips were thus
cooled will not forget the man who has been thus
condemned for this additional act of "extrava-
gance."
But, Mr. Chairman, I have no time to examine
and explain all the charges—"thick as the leaves
in Vallombrosa"—which have been made against
him. The balance, or most of them at least, are
of a piece with those to which I have alluded. Let
them all pass.
THE SADDEST D\YS IN MISSOURI.
My friend says that the" hundred days" of Fre-
mont wen; the saddest days tor all the loyal per-
sons in Missouri that they had seen. I differ with
him in that. There was a sadder day for them
than those. It was after Fremont was deposed,
and after this army that had gone forth with ban-
ners and music to southwestern Missouri, and
the enemy fleeing before them, took up its line of
march back to the line of the railroad, and the
more densely populated settlements. The people
of southwestern Missouri, who, in the exuber-
ance of their zeal, when thuy saw the stars and
st 11 pes boi iv- by Fiemont's army, had clapped their
hands with joy, and proclaimed themselves for the
Union—these men from the very heights of con-
fidence and hope, were plunged into the very valley
of despondency by this forward movement being
changed into a retreat. And when the army took
up its backward march, they, knowing what fate
they might expect to meet from the vengeance ot
the rebel hordes of Price—the halter, the prison,
outrage and robbery, tyranny and spoliation—
followed that army, with their sorrowing families,
in sad procession, back to St. Louis, penniless
and homeless, when, had Fremont not been super-
seded, the army would have gone on with the
banner they had welcomed full high advanced,
instead of coming back, and leaving all southwest
Missouri to be ravaged by traitors, until three
months afterwards a more fortunate general led
another army over the same route that Fremont
had trodden, and on the same mission. No, sir;
that was the saddest day that the loyal men of
Missouri had ever seen.
fr^mont's proclamation.
My friend has said that the proclamation of
General Fremont was bombastic. I cannot turn
aside from this argument to analyze its sentences
and to discuss the question whether it was bom-
bastic or firm and decided; whether it was a mere
flourish of the pen, or intended to prove that those
who embarked in rebellion should find it a costly
experiment, not only as to their lives but also as
to their possessions. The President modified it,
as he had a constitutional right to do. I have
never quarreled with the President bccause he saw
fit to say that that proclamation must be changed.
I regret that he was of that opinion. But I know
Mr. Lincoln to be an honest man—as honest and
as conscientious and true-hearted a man as walks
the earth; and I know he must have taken this
position because he felt, looking over the whole
country, that thatseemed to be his duty. Whether
he erred or Fremont erred, I would be the last man
to asperse any of Mr. Lincoln's acts, when they
are based, as all know they are, on his convic-
tions. When the President ordered the procla-
mation to be modified, General Fremont replied in
a letter, moderate and not " bombastic," wherein
he says he prefers, if the President feels it neces-
sary, he should himself modify it; and that he
would bow to the order, as a subordinate should
always bow to the rebuke of his chief.
I think my friend might have spared the sar-
casticremarks which he madeaboutthe threatened
mutiny at Springfield when General Fremont was
removed from command. I have the assurance of
a gentleman from Indiana, whose word is as good
as my oath, or any other man's oath—I mean Col-
onel Hudson, the agent of the State of Indiana—
who was there at the time, that there was sadness
all over the camp when the news came that Fre-
mont was actually superseded. This may have
been unjust to his successor. It may have been
unwarranted; but still the fact was so. The fact
also exists that Fremont's utmost influence was
promptly exerted to preserve subordmationamong
his troops. He bowed, withouta murmur, to the
decision; though it took from him the coveted op-
portunity of vindicating himself against all who
had attacked him, and he demanded that all under
his command should cordially obey his successor.
His farewell to "the Mississippiarmy"—which
he had labored so earnestly, against all adverse
circumstances, to organize; which he had led, by
forced marches that seem incredible, almost into
the presence of the retreating enemy; and which
was the only army of the Union that had, up to
that time, been led fifty miles away from a rail-
road or a navigable watei-course—has been read,
not only in our own but also in foreign lands, even
by men who, with the multiplied charges against
him had doubted his capacity, with moistened
eyes, as they saw how nobly that man, thus
stncken down, fell without a word of complaint,
and closed his military career in the western de-
partment by stming words of encouragement to
the gallant soldiers from whom he was thus sep-
arated. Even one of the leading New Yot kpapeis
that denounced him spoke in highly eulogistic lan-
guage of the manner in which he met his fate.
And" when twenty thousand of the constituents of
my friend ft om Ohio, [Mi\Gurley,] who had been
on his staff, came thronging to honor the fallen
general, and offered him an ovation in the city of
Cincinnati, he declined it, and passed through
without accepting any hospitality. Six months
I have passed since then. Has there been u man
who bore himself so meekly? He visits Neto
York, after official consent was at last obtained for
him to leave St. Louis, and refuses the compli-
mentary reception that thousands would gladly
have joined in. No word of bitterness or 6om-
plaint falls from his lips. He comes to this city,
subpenaedby acongressional committee, to testify
as to his managementof his responsible trust. He
comes here, and bears himself as modestly as in
New York. Do you see any parade of his gaping
wounds to the people ? Not at all. He has not
even prompted me to say a single word in his be-
half, although heknows me to be his friend. I
have not asked him for a single fact in reference
to his case, because I wanted to speak independ-
ently here, as a Representative of the people. He
doubtless longs to be in the service of nis country
at this hour of her peril. And though he may
chafe atir.action, as his heart boundsat the thought
of being again at the head of advancing squadrons
driving the enemies of the country before him,
have you seen a single line of complaint from his
pen against those who counseled his supersedure >
But, to recur to his proclamation. Let me ask
what difference was there in substance between
thatproclamation and the celebrated remark in Cin-
cinnati of Andrew Johnson, that loyal, Jackson-
like and heroic Senator from Tennessee, whom
all true men in the country cherish in their heart
of hearts? "He said, about the very time when
Fremont issued his proclamation, " that no rebel
had a right to own anything." Fremont said that
the real and personal property of rebels should be
confiscated to the public use, and that their slaves,
if they had any, should be declared free men; and
Andrew Johnson, a slaveholding Senator from a
slaveholdiug State, said that no rebel had a right
to own anything. I can see no difference between
the two, except that Fremont, as a commanding
general, desiring thus to weaken the power ana
cripple the resources of the traitors, embodied it in
a proclamation, as the Senator did in a sentence.
the fall of lexington.
I come now to the siege and fall of Lexington.
I think I have shown, oy General Lyon's o^n
statement,that he did not arraign FrSmont for not
being strengthened and succored; and I should
have added then that Fremont arrived in St. Louis
only fourteen days before Lyon's death. I have
shown where General Lyon thought the respons-
ibility rested. I have shown the dispatch from
GeneralMcClellan, only sixdays before Fremont
arrived at St. Louis, saying that there were only
enough troops and arms to reinforce Cairo, and
that the troops he could spare, and but two regi-
ments at that, must only be used to defend St.
Louis, and only then " in case of absolute neces-
sity." I will now leave that part of the subject
and come to the surrender of Mulligan at Lexing-
ton. I think I can make out as strong a vindica-
tion for General Frcmontthere. 1 am glad to see
that my friend from Missouri is paying so much
attention. The attachmeut between him and me
has been such that it is the most painful duty of
my life to have to differ from him to-day on such
a subject. I would far rather meet any one else
here in the collision of conflicting views; but we
can differ, I know, as friends should differ when
their roads separate.
My friend said that troops could be got in every
direction to defend Cairo. Now here is a dispatch
from Governor Morton, of Indiana, in response
to Ftemont's pressing appeal, dated the 4th of
August, three days after Fieniont went to Cairo,
and six days before Lyon was killed:
Can send five regiments if leave is granted by the De-
partment, as I oltix ordered to send them 'East as ta&t as
ready."
Now, to show also how General Fremont was
"aided" at that time, here is a dispatch from
Washington, eight days before Lyon died, and
when Cairo, from General Prentiss's dispatches,
was so bare of artillery:
washington, Jiugust 2,1861.
To Major Genera! J. c. fremont, Cairo:
This dispatch was s< nt yesterday to commanding offi-
cer department Ohio, Cincinnati. Ord'T two (2) compa-
nies fourth artillery, with their batteries, under Howard
and Kingsbury, to St. Louis without delay.
YVINFJELD SCOTT.
M. BLAIR, P. M. G.
I doubt notFremont'sheartboundedashe read
of this timely aid coming to his relief.
