1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
deprive them at home of the power of protecting
themselves from inroads made by internal and
external foes. Kentucky has behaved throughout
this whole contest with great magnanimity as well
as loyalty. She has not only furnished her full
quota of men for the regular service, but I am
informed that her Legislature has also assumed
her quota of the public money to be raised under
the tax law which passed during the last session
of Congress. 1 am so informed, and if not correct
I wish to be set right. Having then furnished
her full quota of men, and assumed to pay herfull
share of the public burdens in the way of taxa-
tion, and there being a probability, as the gentle-
man from Kentucky says, that her territory will
be the great battle-ground of this war, is there any
good, sound reason why she should not have the
privilege of raising twenty thousand men of her
own people, from her own borders, to meet the
greatemergency which may arise during the prog-
ress of this war.
It is true that the men raised under the pro-
visions of this bill are not to be called into the
regular service unless that service requires them;
but if the great battle which is to determine the
question whether the Government is to exist or
not, is to be fought in Kentucky or in the vicinity
of Kentucky, I think the time may come when
we shall be very glad to avail ourselves of this
force raised by Kentucky, and composed of the
kind and character of men that we learn it is to be,
the flower of the youth of the State. Kentucky,
from her border position, unless she is fully and
thoroughly protected, may be in the position that
Virginia occupies to-day in regard to the General
Government, and I do not believe that there is a
loyal mail within the sound of my voice in this
Hall who would wish to see the soil of Kentucky
trampled upon and laid waste to the same extent
that the soil of Virginia is to-day; and while the
one has a claim to your consideration, the other,
as to a portion of her territory at least, has but a
doubtful title to any such claim to consideration.
Virginia has forfeited, by her bad faith to the
Government, that protection which, under other
circumstances, she might have had a right to de-
mand. She has followed her idols, and they have
led her to unutterable ruin.
The bill does not provide, let mo say, for the
raising of twenty thousand men, but for a number
not to exceed twenty thousand. It may be ten
or fifteen thousand, or any number short of twenty
thousand, and that, as I understand it, is to be left
to the discretion of the Legislature of Kentucky,
or, perhaps, of this Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Kentucky having assumed
the position that she has assumed in this great
struggle that engages all our attention and enlists
all our feelings, shall we deny her this boon when
she offers to "send her own sons into the service?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] says
that we are getting too many men mustered into
the service." Sir, we may, perhaps, require, be-
fore we are through with it, double the number
of men we have now; and when these men can
be brought into the service by voluntary enlist-
ment, iiow much better it is than to resort to a
conscription or levy to bring men into the field._
Atone period, for a whole month, the Executive ol
Pennsylvania supposed that we would have to
resoitto a draft m Pennsylvania in order to make
up our quota of troops. The times since then
have changed. The war has been carried vigor-
ously on upon the borders. It is true that our
army of two hundred thousand encamped in the
vicinity of this city is holding the secession ainty
here m check, and the enemy dare not leave their
position as long as McClellan's marshaled hosts
remain here. It is true that we have somewhat
changed our plans. We have sent our fleets upon
the ocean. We have made conquests upon the
coast.' We have made an effoit to send our ar-
mament down the Mississippi. These acts have
given com age and hope to t ho country, and men
have rushed into the ranks, so that the day has
passed bv, m my opinion, when we shall have to^
result to il conscription or levy. In this view of
things, when you find an army who aie willing
to come to your standard without any resort to
law or to any expedient of the kind, tell me upon
what principle will you turn your backs upon that
army and say we have no service for you' Who
has solved the great question at this nine of day
that our Army is too huge?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
if he is in favor of enlisting all the men who offer
their services to the United States?
Mr. WRIGHT. I am in favor of making the
Army just so large as will secure to a certainty
the existence and life of this Government.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the gentleman ascer-
tained the number necessary for that purpose ?
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir; I have not that power,
nor has the gentleman from Illinois, nor has any
officer of the Departments, nor has the President,
nor any other man or association of men.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The question still comes back
whether, in the opinion of the gentleman, it is best
for the House to go on and enlist without any
limit all who offer themselves, for that seems to
be the argument of the gentleman. If we do not
know how many we need, must we go on enlist-
ing an indefinite number5
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir; I do not propose
that the House shall be the general, but the gen-
tleman from Illinois during the very last week
proposed to substitute this House as the general
in command of the Army, and if he has forgotten
it, I will tell him how and wherein he proposed
it. He offered a resolution here rescinding one
of the orders that had been made by General Hal-
leck, and I suppose upon the principle that he
understood the duties of the campaign better than
the commanding general did himself.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it very possible.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, sir, I do not propose
that the House shall be the general with regard
to the maneuvers of the Army upon the field; but
I do propose that the Commons here, in their
places, shall furnish the ways and means arid the
men to carry on the war. That comes within our
province. We are the judges as to what number
of men, and what amount of money is required.
I take it that the members of this House, and of
the other branch of Congress, are the sole judges
of that question.
Sir, if this war is conducted upon legitimate
principles, I have no fears in regard to its result.
If you will confine yourself to the proclamation
of Abraham Lincoln, issued on the 19th of April
last, when he made his appeal to the people of
this country, saying that he wanted an army to
put down insurrection and rebellion, and to pro-
tect the rights of property and the rights guaran-
tied by the Constitution to the States—if gentle-
men will but adhere to the principles contained
in that proclamation, there is no danger with re-
gard to the result of the war, with the number of
troops we now have in the field. But if it be the
desire and the plan to change the object of the
war, and make it a war for emancipation, 1 can
tell those gentlemen who hug the negro so closely
to their bosoms that they do it at the hazard of
the very life and existence of the Government
itself. I do not pretend to say whether the gen-
tleman from Illinois be of that party or not. If
gentlemen will confine themselves even to the
principles of the message which the President
sent in at the opening of this session, we need
have no fear with regard to the result; but, as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Steele] observed
the other day, I repeat, if you change the object
and principle of the war, you paralyze the bravery
of the Army; you present another question; you
present a divided North and a South united. That
would be the effect of such a change of policy. It
is a war for the supremacy of the Constitution
and laws, and the honor of the flag, and not for
the emancipation of slaves. I believe that it is
the sworn duty of this Government to accept all
the men who offer to come to our standard for
that purpose, as these twenty thousand men seek
to enlist under our standard in Kentucky, and to
make our ranks foimidable. I believe that we
already have a well-disciplined Army.
I have confidence m the commanding general
who has been put at the head of this great Army
of six hundred thousand men. I have great con-
fidence also in the generals subordinate to him.
| But let the ranks be filled, and let it be shown to
1 the people of the South, to the men who are en-
j! gaged in secession, that our Army is, indeed,
i' "an army with banners." That Army, disci-
plined as it is now being disciplined, can maich
i on to the accomplishment of its work, and there
is no power that can prevent its success unless
i you undeitako to change its object, and say that
T it is marching for the emancipation of slSves in-
stead of the protection of the. Government and its
Constitution. This Army was called into the
field to protect the Government, and when the
President issued his proclamation, how nobly did
the response come up from all parts of the loyal
States to that appeal? Six hundred thousand men
in arms answered within a period of six months;
an Army has been brought into the field larger
than the greatNapoleon ever commanded, and as
brave, during his brilliant career; that Army was
brought into the field, as the proclamation called
it into the field, to protect the Government, to put
down secession, and crush out the rebellion. Let
that issue be maintained, and I tell you that the
destiny of rebellion is sealed ; it is sealed forever.
No, sir, I am not one of those who would for my
life change the principle on which the war was
inaugurated, for it has assumed now such formid-
able dimensions that we must call it a war. That
is now its proper and legitimate name. It is a
war, and one of vast dimensions; and in its issue
is involved the cause of freedom—of the power of
man for self-government. The time for calling it
rebellion has gone by. The time for calling it
secession has gone by. It is war; and so we must
regard it. The dictates of humanity require that
the Government shall now adopt a system in re-
gard to the exchange of prisoners.
But I have deviated somewhat from the course
which I intended to pursue when I rose to ad-
dress the House in regard to the bill introduced
by my venerable friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wickliffe.] But 1 have one word more to say
to the House by way of an appeal. When the
whole Kentucky delegation—and I believe every
district ill the State is represented on this floor—
comes forward to press upon Congress the adop-
tion of this measure, if yoxi turn your back upon
them, you do the great State they represent a
grievous wrong. You turn your back upon your
best friend—a friend that stood by you in the
darkest period of the rebellion. You do that which
prudence, justice, right, and honor alike forbid.
Pass this bill. It has received the sanction of the
Military Committee. It has the unanimous sup-
port and recommendation of thosegentlemen who
represent the State of Kentucky. That is another
reason why it should pass. 1 entertain the hope
that we will hear no more objections urged against
this bill on the ground of expense or of expe-
diency. Look it in the face as a truly national
measure, for the benefit of a truly national State.
Let us give Kentucky what she wants in this par-
ticular, what the Government does not pretend to
deny to her, and what I think the good sense and
generous feeling of this House will freely grant
to her. The honorable and patriotic course of her
statesmen demands that this boon should be con-
ceded. She is loyal, and her demand for the pro-
tection of her people is imperative. It must not,
it shall not, be denied them. The voices of Crit-
tenden and Wickliffe have too often resounded
in these halls, on the side of the Union and the
Constitution, to fall unheeded and unnoticed now.
The people of that gallant State have responded
nobly to the demands of the Government-; they
are entitled alike toourconsideration and ourgrat-
itudc. She is of us and with us; and for one, I
am ready and willing to link the destiny of my
own native Keystone with the fortunesand chances
of Kentucky. If it be our destiny to fall in the
great struggle for human liberty and republican
government, so be it. Where the loyal men for
the Government and the Constitution are, there
it is my hope to be, and with them may my lot
be cast. The bill is right and just, and no candid,
considerate man should cast his vote against it.
Mr. HICKMAN. There can be no difference
of opinion, I apprehend, with regard to the lights
| of Kentucky in this war. She is entitled to the
same safeguards as any other State in the Federal
Union; but she is entitled to no more. I know
of no reason why the war should be conducted
on different principles or in a different manner in
a border State from those on which the war is
conducted in any other State. Her people may
be loyal. They stand, then, on an equality with
, the loyal people of other portions of the Union.
' They may be in danger. So arc the people of
i other sections. I am not willing to accord to her
j any immunities beyond those which shall be cn-
| joyed by any other portion of the American peo-
| pie. If they are loyal, they are 110 more so than
I others. If they arc hound to sustain the Fedetal
