1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Interior Department. It contains but few provis-
ions. What did that Department know at the
time it made its estimates? What examination
had it given? What familiarity had it with the
business in its hands? Counting the number of
items in the bill, and in the additional estimates,
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs knew about
asixth or a fourth part of the business in his bureau
with reference to these particular subjects at the
time he made his estimates; and as to the amount,
he did not come within hundreds of thousands of
dollars of what was necessary; and after all this,
he asks us to take his opinion simply upon con-
sultation with the Senator from California, and
looking at a printed bill or amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will per-
mit me for a moment, I will suggest to him that
I presume the Commissioner of Indian Affairs has
received the estimates from the officers in Califor-
nia since submitting his annual estimates to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then he should have sent
them to the Secretary of the Treasury, and from
there they should have gone to the House of Rep-
resentatives to be considered. My difficulty in
tins matter, as it stands, is the want of informa-
tion upon the subject. I do not know but it is all
right; but now here is a simple provision to sell
these reservations in California. I suppose they
include hundreds of thousands of acres of land.
How are they to be sold ? There is no scheme for
selling them. There is no provision that they shall
be surveyed and run out in the regular way and
held as public lands. There is no provision with
regard to anything except that they be sold. For
aught we know, under this provision they might
be put up at auction at some place and sold to the
highest bidder, and these hundreds of thousands
of acres go off, as other Government property has,
for a mere song, and result in a gigantic specula-
tion and fraud. There is nothing in the amend-
ment that my friend from California has offered
here to guard against that at all. It is simply a
provision that they shall be sold under the direc-
tion of two men, to be appointed by the President;
how, we do not know.
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator from Maine
will permit me, I ifliderstand there is no title in
the Government or in the Indian department in
the lands. The lands are the lands of private
claimants.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand there is a
good title to part of them and the other is in doubt.
It must undoubtedly be obtained if the Govern-
ment sells it. It must either obtain a good title
or pay damages. Even that is not ascertained;
that is not known; and yet the Indian department
recommends this sale. Why, sir, as a business
transaction, it is as green as the greenest of grass.
Mr. NESMITH. One reservation is admitted
by the Government and everybody else to be pri-
vate property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that makes
it worse; that is all.
Mr. NESMITH. This only proposes to sell
the personal property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not know that.
What I suggest is, that the thing is immature; it
is not well considered; it is not digested as it
should be, considering it as coming from a bureau
of the Government. They do not even furnish
us with information on the subject. Look at it
and see how we are situated. The honorable
Senator from California proposes this amendment
in the very best faith, A have no doubt, and he
says it has been recommended or assented to by
the department and the amendment redrawn; and
yet when you come to inquire they do not know
what the titles are; they do not know, substan-
tially, the condition of any of them. Now, sir,
when we are called upon to legislate what should
be the form of legislation; what should be the in-
formation furnished to us? We are not to pass
a bill because it is recommended by the depart-
ment. They should send in here and let us know
how many thousands of acres of land there were,
to what we have a title and to what we have not
a title, and the exact condition of every reserva-
tion, so that we may not legislate 111 a lump in tins
way upon a subject of thatdeseription, upon hun-
dreds of thousands of acres of land, but may legis-
late understandingly like business men. Nov/ we
have not any information whatever—nothing upon
which any man here would assume in his own
private business to act at ail; and yet this gigan-
tic scheme, it seems, is recommended by the de-
partment. I say the department does not know
its own business in assenting to a proposition of
this kind without more information on the sub-
ject. It ought to be more familiar with these
things if recommending anything to us. There-
fore, I say, if we undertake to legislate in this way
and on this large scale, changing the whole sys-
tem with no knowledge at all of what it is, the re-
sult is we may commit ourselves to a scheme that
we shall repent, and repent very bitterly.
I agree, therefore, with my friend from Iowa,
in saying, that although this may be well—and 1
repeat that I have no doubt whatever that the
honorable Senator from California believes it to be
well and good, and, moreover, I will say that per-
haps it may be—for aught I know it is—yet the
information that we have is so loose that 1 think
we would be committing ourselves mostastonish-
ingly as legislators to vote any such thing upojj
so small a degree of knowledge as is communi-
cated to us on the subject. In my judgment,
therefore, we had better go on and scrutinize care-
fully, even after the Committee on Indian Affairs,
these appropriations that are proposed here, and
,pre proposed, some of them, on the recommenda-
tion that is sent in from the Commissioner by
wholesale, and legislate very carefully upon them
with regard to the sums of money. I do not know
but I should support the honorable Senator's
proposition when the information was before me;
at present, I cannot.
Mr. LATHAM. In reply to what the honor-
able Senator from Maine has said, I will state to
him that there may be a great deal of force in what
he says as to the condition of these reservations
so far as the information is before this body or
within my possession, but I do not think that his
criticism upon the department is just, for the in-
formation is there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it should be com-
municated to us.
Mr. LATHAM. We could very easily put
ourselves in possession of it. If the Senator de-
sires to know the exact number of acres in these
reservations and their actual condition, I can ob-
tain it very easily by applying to the department.
But that was not what I wished to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to. Admitting that there is
some force in his objections, there is no kind of
legislation you can devise, if you change the sys-
tem at all, but what you must vest a discretionary
power in the department. As has been remarked
by the Senator from Oregon, some of the titles to
these reservations amount to 110 title at all. It is
simply the improvements upon the reservations
that you would have to extinguish, that you would
have to pay for. In otberinstances, the Govern-
ment may have asserted its title to the property
in such a way that it could pass it. Those are
all matters that you must necessarily leave to the
discretion of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and I will say to the honorable Senator that un-
less he has that confidence in the Secretary of the
Interior and in his Department relative to a judi-
cious management of this system, you might just
as well abandon it entirely. We can never, by
any system of legislation wo can devise, make it
so perfect that the title can pass out of these set-
tlers into the Government, or from the Govern-
ment into the purchasers, on the one hand or the
other, unless you vest a discretionary power in
that Department. You must have some confi-
dence in your executive officers. Therefore, in
drawing up my amendment, the question of de-
tail, how this was to be done, how the land in that
reservation and the improvements in the other
were to be disposed of were all matters that I pro-
posed vesting in the Secretary of the Interior,
who is conversant with all the facts, supposing
that he would guard the interests of the Govern-
ment, and that lie would use due vigilance and
care in the management of its affairs. The amend-
ment, therefore, for this reason, is not as specific
111 its details as probably it might have been.
When this appropriation bill was before the
Senate some weeks ago, the honorable Senator
from Maine called attention to the great expense
in the management of the Indian department m
the State of California. I at once told him that I
was satisfied the expense was probably larger than
it should be, and that! was equally satisfied that
a judicious system could be adopted by which
that expense could be reduced. In pursuance of
that idea, this amendment was drafted and sub-
mitted to the department, as I have stated. If
economy is your object, adopt my amendment,
because I show you upon the face of it that the
saving is §123,400, as between the recommenda-
tions of the Committee on Indian Affairs as to
what is necessary and the House bill and my
amendment. If you cut off the recommendations
made by the Indian Committee entirely, because
they have not been subjected to the examination
of the Treasury Department, you find this to be
the case: that you have got appropriations but for
the system in part, and the salaries of a large
number of officers there are unprovided, and the
system itself falls to pieces. If you appropriate
for the officers—as you must do to carry on the
system—then my amendment is an economy.
That was the sole object I had in bringing for-
ward this amendment. It was simply and solely
to save money to the Government. I may state
to my friend from Maine that my task is a thank-
less one, and for which I shall incur the displeas-
ure of these gentlemen who have fat supervisor-
ships and positions, whose salaries 1 atn taking
away, and depriving of pleasant occupation under
the Government. We have more reservations in
California than we need. Wo are going to a
greater expense than we should be put to; and to
bring this matter down to as economical a stand-
ard as I possibly could, which I thought would
meet the approbation especially of my friend from
Maine, knowing that economy in the administra-
tion of the Government is his great object, 1 was
induced to present this amendment. If I had
thought it would not have met with the approba-
tion of the Committee on Indian Affairs as a unit,
and of the Committee on Finance, I certainly
should not have pressed it. Individually, I care
very little about it, whether it passes or not. I
only feel that I'have done my duty in bringing it
forward, and that I have advocated economy in
the administration of Indian affairs in that State.
If it should occur hereafter that you keep up five
reservations in the northern and three in the
southern part of California, with five supervisor-
ships in the north and three in the south, with
hosts of laborers and but few Indians on the res-
ervations, with large appropriations for subsist-
ence, blankets, groceries, and so forth, for all
these reservations, which could easily be put into
two—one in northern and the other in southern
California—do not blame the representatives from
California for what may be regarded as an extrav-
agant waste of the public money.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not know that there
was any information before the committee; in fact,
nothing was developed to show that the Govern-
ment liad any title to a single reservation in Cali-
fornia. I think that was the understanding of the
committee. This provision, authorizing the dis-
posal of this public property, came to the com-
mittee from the Senator from California, with a
provision that the matter should be submitted to
the Secretary of the Interior before the sale should
be authorized. That amendment was placed there
by the committee in order to guard the interests
of the Government in any right they may have.
It left the question open to the Secretary of the In-
terior to determine what tlie rights of the United
States were in those particular reservations, so
that he mighttake action accordingly in disposing
of or making sale of them.
Now, so far as the ignorance of the department
is concerned, I apprehend the Senator from Maine
is mistaken on that subject. Those estimates are
all based upon the reports of the officers on the
spot. Of course it cannot be expected that the
Secretary of the Interior, or the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs can visit each of the reservations
in California, in Oregon, and all over our wide ex-
tended domain. Some confidence, some reliance
must be placed in the reports of officers. Those
estimates are made up with the reasons why the
appropriation should be made assigned, and are
sent to the department, and if satisfactory, they
base their estimates upon those reports from the
superintendents of Indian affairs within the dif-
ferent districts.
There is a peculiarity about the condition of
Indian affairs in California. The Senator from
Maine desires to see the treaties and the general
laws which authorize these appropriations. I will
inform him there arc 110 treaties and never have
