3048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fro iti vo r m o i 11.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.SHERMAN. I will now submit an amend-
ment to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New York. It is, in lines four and five of the
amendment, to strike out the words," three clerks
of class four, six clerks of class three," and to in-
sert, " nine clerks of class two;" in lines seven and
eight, to strike out the words " two clerks of class
four, two clerks of class three," and to insert,
" foar clerks of class two;" and at the end of the
amendment to add the following:
And the aura of $51,200 Is hereby appropriated, out of any
money In the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
the salaries of the clerks hereby authorized.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recura on the amendment of the Senator from New
York as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order now to move to
reduce them all to first class clerks?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have reduced them
now.
Mr.GRIMES. Tofirstand second class clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have reduced all of the
third and fourth class to the first class, leaving,
however, a few second class clerks that may be
necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Ohio,
who is an economist, consents to these clerks be-
ing retained as second class clerks, I shall not
make any motion on the subject; but 1 know it to
be a fact that there are thousands of men, as com-
petent as any men there are in any of the bureaus
of this Department, who are not only willing,
but anxious to take all these places at $1,200 a
year.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ICING. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to offer another amend-
ment as an additional section:
be it farther cnacted, That section five of the " Act
to authorize 1U0 employment*)!' volunteer#to old in enforc-
ing the laws and protecting public property," approved July
22,1861} and section five of the " Act to Increase the pres-
ent military establishment of the United Stales," approved
July &ยง  loBI,shall be so construed as to allow twenty-five
dollars of the bounty of $100 therein provided to be paid
Immediately after enlistment to every aoldlcr of the regular
Army and volunteer forcen hereafter.enlisted during the
continuance of the existing war; and the sum of $7,500,000
is hareby appropriated for such payments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KINO. 1 am also instructed by the com-
mittee to offer another amendment, as an addi-
tional section to thia bill;
Jlnd if further enacted, That all the nid-*-de-camp ap-
pointed by authority of tho act approved August 5, 1801,
entitled u An act supplementary to an act entitled {An act
to increase the present military establishment of the Uni-
ted States,' approved July 29, 1861," shall be nominated to
the Senate for its advice and consent.
This is a provision requiring that the aids of
major generals shall be hereafter nominated to
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from New York whether that would act
upon those who are already in the service f
Mr. KING. It is notmy opinion that it would;
but that is a matter of construction of the language.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would.
Mr. KING. I ask that tho amendment be read
again. That is a matter for the Senate to determ-
ine, whether it shall or shall not.
Tho Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to insert the word
" hereafter" before " appointed," so that it shall
not be retroactive.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. It ought to be re-
troactive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to havea list
of them at any rate.
Mr. SUMNER. That we can have at any time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have asked for it for
months together and have not got it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, to insert
the wind " hereafter" before the word " ap-
pointed."
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that amendment to
the amendment will not be adopted. 1 believe the
Constitution of the United States requires the
President to send these appointmen ts, without any
express provision of law. These are not of that
inferior class of officers described in the Consti-
tution, theappointmentof whom may not be sent
to the Senate. I think they are clearly officers of
such a grade and character that their appoint-
ments should be sent here. I do not doubt the
Senate would readily confirm all those who are
now actually employed; but it is well enough to
have a list of them, and I think it just as well to
have them sent to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. But, I take it, the Senator
does not desire to legislate these men out ofoffice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say I have no doubt that
the Senate would confirm all the gentlemen ap-
pointed and now in the service. At least, I would
not interpose an objection if I had any, to a con-
firmation, under those circumstances; but 1 think
it well enough to have a list of the names of those
appointed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator's desire can be
accomplished any day by a call on the Depart-
ment for that list. It seems to me he takes rather
a strange way of getting his list by supporting a
provision that is going to legislate them out of
office.
Mr. GRIMES. Does not the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts know that at least eight weeks ago I
introduced a resolution calling for this specific in-
formation; and have I not stated here to-day that
I have information on which I can rely, that that
list was made out and put upon the table of the
Secretary of War at least six weeks ago, and has
never been sent here?
Mr. SUMNER. I was not aware of that.
Mr. GRIMES. Why then say we can procure
this information, when we have already called for
it, and it is denied to us?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I think Sen-
ators are really making too much of it in insisting
that this shall be retroactive. It is contrary to the
spirit of our institutions; and there is something
of harshness in it; something almost ungenerous.
I think the better way would be to insert the word
" hereafter," so that it shall not act back. I have
no doubt the Senator will get his information by
a personal call, and by renewing his call from the
Senate Chamber he would make assurance doubly
sure. I have no doubt he can get it; but it seems
to me this is a very strange way of getting inform-
ation.
Mr. KING. General Order No. 63 gives us a
full list of all these appointments up to June 10.
I have it here. It has been printed; but I believe
the appointment of such officers has been contin-
ued since.
Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator
to say that that is a full list?
Mr. KING. I understand it is full up to June
10. It is an official list, and ought lo contain
them all. I have no information that it does not
contain them all. Indeed, my information is that
it does. It was furnished to the committee as the
list of these officers, and contains a pretty large
number of them; but the number is not limited by
the law. It was my opinion, on examining the
law which authorizes these appointments, that it
did not require them to be sent to the Senate, be-
cause the Constitution authorizes Congress to de-
termine by law the manner in which certain offi-
cers may be appointed, and provides that they
may bo appointed by the President or other
authorities. It was stated in the law which au-
thorized theappointmentof these additional aids-
de-camp that they might be appointed by the Pres-
ident without the additional words, which are cus-
tomary, though not always used, to send them to
the Senate for its advice and consent. That con-
struction of the law has been acted upon, and they
havegone on and appointed a considerable number
of these aids. Some of them, perhaps, have been
appointed on solicitation. Thore have been dif-
ferent opinions what the number should be. It
was the opinion of the committee that the matter
should be determined by law, and that there would
be no impropriety in requiring them to be sent in
to the Senate. The amendment, as it is reported,
requires all the nominations of these aids which
have been made, or may hereafter be made, to
come to the Senate. It will then be for the Sen-
ate to determine whether those now in commis-
sion should continue. I will ask the Senator from
Iowa, as he made the suggestion, if he supposes
there are other officers than those named in this
list r I know nothing of any such thing.
Mr. GRIMES. I can only state what 1 know
of my own knowledge, I was at the Adjutant
General's office and one of the assistant adjutants
general put in my hand a transcript of that book
which the Senator holds in his hand, and he told
me that that did not contain all the aids; but
whether additional ones had been appointed since
the 10th of June, when that purports to have been
issued, or whether some other gentlemen had been
appointed, of whom the Departmen t were perhaps
a little ashamed and did not desire to make public
proclamation, is not for me to say.
Mr. KING. Then I have no doubt they were
additional anointments made subsequent to that
day. .
Mr. GRIMES. That is the only information
I have officially.
Mr. KING. I have no doubt, from what the
Senator says, that this is an accurate report. It
certainly should be, coming from the Department
as an official document.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur in that suggestion',
that it certainly should be.
Mr. KING. And I have no reason to doubt
that it is. It is very likely thatadditional appoint-
ments have been made since the 10th of June.
However, in my judgment, all the facts concur in
the propriety of the amendment that has been
offered by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. If there has been any mistake,
it is obvious that the Senate is as much a party
to it as the Department of War. It will be remem-
bered that at an early period of the session these
nominations were sent in to us, and they were re-
turned to the President with a declaration of opin-
ion that, in the view of the Senate, it was not ne-
cessary that they should-be confirmed. After that
communication from the Senate, what was more
natural than that the President should proceed
with these nominations without sending them to
the Senate? I must submit to my friend from
Iowa that it is a little hard if we should undertake
by positive legislation to oust all these persons
from their commissions, when the President has
been proceeding in granting those commissions in
pursuance of a resolution of the Senate itself.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment is not mine.
I never heard it read.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator opposes my
amendment to prevent thisproposition from being
retroactive.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says that the Sen-
ate is as much to blame as the War Department
in regard to the appointment of aids-ae-camp.
Now, let us look at it. When we met here at the
commencement of this session, we found that forty-
eight or forty-nine additional aids had been ap-
pointed. We had provided a large number of aids
for each major general and brigadier general by
the law of July last. We found that forty-eight
or forty-nine of these additional aids had been
appointed. It struck every man in this Senate as
being an enormous number of aids; and we had
an expression of sentiment on that subject, and it
was universal. We passed, I think, at leastthree
sections repealing that law, and attached them to
three different bills, certainly by an almost unan-
imous vote. It was well understood in this body,
all over the city, and in the country, what was
the view of the Senate on that subject. But they
have gone on and appointed one hundred and
twenty more. I counted the additional aids of
that order that was issued on the 10th of June, and
I think, if my recollection serves me right, there
are one hundred and sixty-three of them; and that
does not include all. It seems to me it is time for
us to stop. I know of young gentlemen who are
acting as aids who are attaches of this Capitol in
vaiious capacities.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is time to
stop. We propose to stop. My proposition is
simply, that in stopping now, we should not go
backwards on those who hold these commis-
sions.
Mr. KINGf. The Senatorfrom Iowa, although
he is in favor of this amendment, and has at differ-
ent times expressed himself in favor of the prop-
osition which it is intended to enact into a law, is
not responsible for this amendment, as he says.
This is an amendment from the Committee on
Military Affairs, and one which, on full consider-
ation, they think it very proper should be adopted,
and they are willing to take the responsibility of
