1-1-28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
But here is another dispatch fromGeneral Scott
of the same day:
War Department, Washington, Augusts, 1861.
To General Fr'-mont:
Since owloriusc the two batteries for you yesterday, it
appears one company has no gnu5: and the other is m west-
ern Virginia; neither can bo withdrawn. The order is coun-
termanded. WIM'lEIiD fcCQir.
I will not comment on the disappointment the
general must have felt; but he toiled on with
almost daily drawbacks like these.
I come now to Lexington. I happened on the |
14th of September to be in the city of St. Louis,
when the whole city was excited at the news
which had just reached it that Price was march-
ing on that gallant and devoted band at Lexing-
ton; and when my friend spoke about the home
guards which General Fremont had under him, it
reminded me that Colonel Mulligan did not bear
testimony to the efficiency of the home guards at
Lexington.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If Colonel Mulli-
gan made such a statement, he is not as magnan-
imous as he is brave. I will undertake to prove
that the home guards in the trenches at Lexing-
ton bore themselves as gallantly as did Colonel
Mulligan, or any other man who was there. Col-
onel Gr rover was wounded,and died of his wounds;
Colonel Peabody was badly wounded; Colonel
White is still disabled by wounds received in that
fight; and the gallant major of the Kansas City
home guards, whose name at this moment, 1 am
ashamed to say, has slipped my memory, also
received honorable wounds. Thus it will be seen
that the commanding officer of every battalion of
home guaids was wounded; and as large a pro-
portion of men were killed and wounded as among
the Illinois regiments. No man should disparage
those who have shed their blood for the country.
Mr. COLFAX. Colonel Mulligan's testimony
is the reveisu of that. I was not there, and there-
fore do not know.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. These are the fact*
of the case.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish my friend to understand
that 1 do not arraign the home guards at all. I
do not arraign anybody. I am simply on the de-
fense, and am stating the facts from history, and
fiom official documents, which can be read by the
whole country. I only made the passing remark
that Mulligan did not regard the home guards as
valuable auxiliaries in his defense, though my
friend cites tlx-ir number m various towns as part
of Fi6mont\s effective force.
When I arrived at St. Louis on the 14th of Sep-
tember, I saw LieutenantGovernor Hall. lie told
me that Ptice was marching through the center of
Missouri, up toward Lexington, with lifteen thou-
sand men, and that Fremont ought to send out a
column for the purpose of intercepting and captur-
ing them. I asked him how many men Fremont
had in St. Louis. He said he had twenty thou-
sand men, and spoke with great positivcncss as to
the number. 1 thought if ihat was correct, there
was no excuse for not sending them, and went to
headquarters at once to see General Fiemont. I
told him it was represented that he had twenty
thousand men in St. Louis, that Price was march-
ing on Lexington with a large force, and urged
that a force be sent without delay to cut him off.
He replied: " Mr. Colfax, 1 will tell you, confi-
dentially, how many men we have in St. Louis,
though 1 would not have it published on the streets
for my life. The opinion in the city is that we
have twenty thousand men here, and this gives
us strength. If it were known here what was the
actual numbei,our enemies would be promptly
informed. But I will show you how many there
are." He rang the bell, and his secretary brought
in the muster-rolls of the morning. I read them,
and there were in the city and for a circuit of seven
miles round, less than eight thousand men, home
guanls uud all. There were actually but two
full ivgunents, and the 1 em,under of the force was
m.tde up of fragmentary and undisciplined regi-
ments of two hundred and fifty, four hundred, and
six hundred men. It was a beggarly array of an
army in proportion to what was needed at that
time for the defense even of that city against ene-
mies without or within,and I told him so. " But,"
said I, "can't you spare some of these men ?" The
tears stood in his eyes as he handed me two tele-
graphic dispatches, just received by him, which
i read then with pain and sadness, and will read
now, and the House can judge how they aided
him in his plans for the reinforcement of Mulli-
gan, or the capture of Price's army.
Washington, September 14,1861.
To Major General Fremont :
On consultation with the President and head of Depart-
ment, it was determined to call upon you for five thousand
well-armed infantry, to be sent here without a moment's
delay. Give them three days' cooked rations. This dralt
fiom your forces to he replaced by you from the States of
Illinois, Towa, Kansas, &c. How many men liave you
under arms in your district? Please answer fully and im-
mediately. SIMON CAMERON',
Secretary of War.
Washington, September 14,1861.
To Major General Fremont :
Detach five thousand infantry from your department, to
come here without deiav, and report the number of the
troops that will be left with you. The President dictates.
WINFJELD SCOTT.
I have shown you before that there were regi-
ments there waiting, withoutguns, and yet, when
under these desperate circumstances, General Fre-
mont boughtguns, the best he could get, he was de-
nounced because they were not Springfield mus-
kets or Enfield rifles, or the best arms known to
the service. He was not allowed to send unarmed
regiments, to be armed after they reached Wash-
ington, or on the road. From these he could have
filled the order easily. But they must be " well-
armed infantry." And he had been begging for
" arms, arms of any kind," the whole fifty days
he had then been in command in the West, but
mostly in vain. And now, " five thousand well
armed infantry" were needed to swell the forces
of the army of the Potomac. I do not allude to
this to criticise. Like Fremont, I believe the cap-
ital of the country was, first of all, to be defended,
and if he was foiled in his plans by demands like
these, at such a critical moment, impartial history
hereafter will show that it was his misfortune, not
his fault.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is the date of these
dispatches ?
Mr. COLFAX. Saturday, the 14th of Septem
ber; the very day I was there—just six days before
the fall of Lexington—for I wish the House to re-
member that Mulligan surrendered Friday, Sep-
tember 20. I asked him what he would do, and
my heart sank as 1 asked. Here were the best of
his forces ordered away to Washington. I told
him I would, if in his place, telegraph to Mr. Lin-
coln that ha had not the eighty thousand efficient
soldieis in his department that rumor stated he
had; that Missouri would belostifthe troops were
taken away. " No," said he, " that would be in-
subordination, with which I have already been
unjustly charged. The capital must be again in
danger, and must be saved, even if Missouri fall
and 1 sacrifice myself."
After that interview, after the noble and patri-
otic sentiment that fell from his lips, I should have
been false to my convictions of right and justice,
if 1 had not stood up here to-day and defended
the man who was willing, even at his own sacri-
fice, to save the capital of the nation.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman says
General Fremont on that day took but the muster-
rolls, and showed him how many tioops there
were at St. Louis.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; less than eight thou-
sand.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Tt so happens that
on that same day—the 34th of September—Gen-
eral Fremont returned to Simon Cameron, Secre-
tary of War, the following statement of the forces
under his command:
St. Lou's (including home guard)  G,890
Under Biigadiei Generali'opet including home guard; f>,48«3
Lexington (including homo guuid)  52,400
Jelicr&on City (one quarter home guaid)  9,677
Kolla  4,700
Tienton  3.0./7
Cape Girauloau 
Bud'?■ Point and Noilbtk  3,510
Cairo (includnisi .McCleraaridN biig.ido)  4,8*26
Foit Holt, opposite Caiio, Kentucky ahore  3,595
Paduc.ih  7,'<91
Under General Lane 2,200
Mornoe City, near Cairo  900
Total..
>.693
Thus you will see that there were some twenty
thousand men at and about Cairo; and you will
further see, by refeience to the documents that,
under the order the gentleman has read, not a man
was sent out of Missouri, and but two regiments
were started from his department at all. Two
regiments, I believe, left his department, and went
as far as General Buell's department, and went no
further. The order was countermanded, and no
moretroopssent. Thetworegimentsstartcd were,
Ibelieve, Illinois troops in or about Cairo and Pa-
ducab. General Fremont did not send a man out
of Missouri, I repeat, under that order, and he
was not required to do it. So that the explana-
tion which the gentleman gives, and which Gen-
eral Fremont gives, by way of excusing himself
for not sending reinforcements to Colonel Mulli-
gan, about this order to send five thousand men to
Washington, amounts to just this: that no troops
were sent to Washington at ail under that order;
only two regiments were sent from his department
under it, and none from Missoui-i under it.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missouri
occupied two hours in his speech, and he has
taken a considerable portion of my time since. I
shall only ask to be allowed to go on after the ex-
piration ©f my hour for the time that has been
taken from me; and 1 do not know that the com-
mittee will give me that, [cries of "Oh, yes!"] I
presume a majority of the committee will give
their consent, but a single member has the power
to prevent it.
I will enlighten my friend from Missouri now
on the point he has cited. When this order came
to send five regiments to Washington, General
Fremont sent down to Carondeletand ordered the
twenty-fourth Indiana regiment, one of the only
two full regiments he had in St. Louis or its vi-
cinity, to proceed to Washington, but the officers
of the regiment came up to his headquarters and
urged him to allow them to remain in Missouri;
and that is the reason they did not go. He then
changed the order, and like a faithful subordinate
he telegraphed to Washington that he was pre-
paring to obey the order—although it made his
heart bleed. Here are the dispatches:
Headquarters Western Department.
St. Louis, September 14, 1861.
To Colonel E. D. Townsend, Ji. Jl. G.} Washington City:
I am preparing to obey the orders received tilth evening
for the five regiments. J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, ^epte>nher 14, 1861.
To General Thomas, G-.^vmhingtan City:
I am preparing to obev the oideis leceived this evening
from the Secretary ot War for the five regiment". I also
send messenger. J. C. FREMONT,
Major Genet al Commanding.
True, as the gentleman from Missouri says, the
order was at last partially countermanded; but,
when days were almost years, he was engaged in
preparations for sending on three more regiments
of " well-armed infantry,"besides the two he did
send, for four days out of the six that elapsed
between the order from Washington and the fall
of Lexington; and engaged besides in the most
vigorous attempts, out of his scattered forces in
the vast area of disloyal territory they were hold-
ing, from Paducah to the Kansas frontier, to rein-
force the imperiled Mulligan. Here is the coun-
termanding order, after four days and nights of
anxious labors to comply both with duty on one
side and orders on the'other, for which his reward
has been a sad one indeed:
Washington, September 18,1861.
To Major General Fremont :
General Scott acquiesces, to youi wishes in youi prop-
osition to retain tioops not aheadv forwarded- He has tei-
e^taplied oidei to letain the two legiments which have left
for Cincinnati to wait otders lor a lew days, if they have not
passed beyond that city. E. D. TOWNSEND.
Let us return to Mulligan's peril. Thinking
there might still be hope of obtaining reinforce-
ments by appealing to the Governors of States
near at hand—for, if they could send troops im-
mediately to St. Louis, he could order up all his
available forces there by steamboat toward Lex-
ington—he telegraphed, on this very 14th of Sep-
tember, to Governor Morton and GovernorDen-
nison, of Indiana and Ohio, for help. And these
are the replies: (Mr. Coggeshall was Governor
Dennison's military secretary:)
Indianapolis, September 14, 1861.
We have received ordets to send all available forccsto
Washington.
O. P. MORTON, Governor of Indiana.
Cou'mbus, Ohio. September 15. 1861.
No troop? are otdered to extern \ nginia. Jill our troops
arc ordered to western Virginia. Dciimson is in Wash-
ington. W. T. COGGJS8JFIALL.
