2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
been any treaties negotiated with the Indians in
California that have been ratified by the Senate.
The whole country has been token possession of
by the whites. The Indians have been driven from
the lands, their fisheries and hunting grounds, and
left to their own resources to make out the best
way they can. Under this state of facts and with
this condition of affairs the Government has from
year to year made appropriations for the protec-
tion and subsistence of those Indians. This year,
after mature deliberation and examination of all
the reports which have been sent by their agents
and superintendents, the Indian department have
made up the following estimates for the action of
Congress:
" For Indian service m California;
" For compensation of eight supervisors for the reserva-
tions in California, to instruct the Indians in husbandry, at
$1,800 each, fot fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, author-
ized by act of June 19, 1 800, $14,400.
" For salaries of clerka to superintendents of Tndian af-
fairs for the northern and southern districts of Califoi nia for
three quarters of the fiscal year ending June 30, 3862, at
$1,800 per annum, $2,700.
li For the same service for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863. $3,600.
*' For the purchase of farming tools, work animals, and
cattle for beef and milk, together with clothing and food
for Indians, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, for the
northern district of Califoi nia, (see accompanying papers
marked 10 and 11,) .$100,000.
"Same for southern district of California, (see accom-
panying paper marked 44.) $37,500.
" For the purchase of la'nd and farms of settlers at* Smith
RiverVallej\> together with buildings, improvements, mills,
stock, and farming implements, tor a new reservation for
the northern district of California, (see accompanying pa-
pers marked 11 and 10, with map of the proposed reserva-
tion,) $60,000."
Under the peculiar condition of affairs exist-
ing in California, and without any treaty stipula-
tions, these estimates come from the department
amounting to $218,200. The proposition before
the Senate is simply this: will Congress make any
appropriation for the protection, support, and sus-
tenance of these people under the circumstances?
If they reject this amendment, of course they will
rejcct the larger amount that is estimated for by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, amounting
in the aggregate to $218,200. The amendment
offered by the Senator from California proposes
an expenditure of $144,280; thus being $83,920
less than was estimated for by the department.
As I said before, the whole question resolves itself
into this: whether the Government will do any-
thing or not for these people when there are no
treaty stipulations making itobligatory upon them
to do so. The estimates are full as they came
from the department. 1 think they set forth the
necessity of the case; and certainly, I think hu-
manity demands at the hands of Congress and the
Government that something should be done for
the protection and sustenance of that unfortunate
people who have been robbed and deprived of that
magnificent country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 wish to say a single
word in relation to the title to the reservations
themselves. If the Government of the United
States have the title, when an Indian reservation
isgiven up, tin; Indian Office as a matter of course
delivers over the lands at once to the Commis-
sioner of the Genera) Land Office to be sold tike
other public lands. I understand the proposition
of the Senator from California is confined to the
sale of the property on the land, which is perhaps
broad enough to sell the interest of the Govern-
ment m the reservation, in the land itself; but it
mainly looks to the sale of the property upon the
reservations. A change coulu be made in the
phraseology there by which ^no power would be
given to these persons to sell the lands. If the
title to the lands on which those reservations arc
located is in the Government, when the Indians
are taken off they revert as part of the public
lands to the Government and come under the con-
trol of the Land Office to be sold as other public
lands. That would save any speculation in the
lands themselves. The sal® might be confined to
the sale of what personal property could not be
transported to the other reservation, and perhaps
to the fixtures which might have been made upon
the land by the Government.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the Senator
that the language of my amendment does not in-
volve the title to the real estate at all. It is the
mere right of preemption, the mere right of pos-
session; that is ail. After the title once passes,
as the Senator very well knows, and the other
requisites of the law are complied with, it becomes
a very different thing; but there is a distinction
between owning, the realty and a mere right of
possession.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The settlers' titles are
what you propose to extinguish in the Round
Valley reservation.
- Mr. LATHAM. That is all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not a matter of
special complaint.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state that I do not pro-
pose by any portion of my amendment to sell the
title to the reservations that are abandoned, that
is, realty; because, as the Senator correctly re-
marked, the moment they are abandoned as res-
ervations the title reverts to the Government,and
they are subject to entry.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The language in the fif-
teenth line might imply a sale of the interest in
the reservation itself. The language is, " and all
Government property and interest in the reserva-
tions so abolished shall be soId,"&c.
Mr. LATHAM. That might give rise to some
discussion as to what was meant by the words
"and interest;" and, therefore, after the Senate
has acted on the amendment now pending, I shall
move to modify that language so as to leave the
title to the land where it would be—in the Gov-,
ernment—if the reservation were abandoned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the question now to be on the motion
of the Senator from California to amend the
amendment, in the forty-fifth line, by striking out
$100,000 and inserting $75,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not quite come
to the point yet. The Senator will notice that my
particular objection was, that the land was to be
sold in any other than the regular way.
Mr. LATHAM. If the Senator will pardon
me, I misunderstood him. I never designed if the
reservations were abandoned that these commis-
sioners should sell the title to the realty,because
that would be passing the title from the Govern-
ment, to which it would revert, into the hands of
the commissioners, which of course would lead
to abuses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; and with such
modifications as will exclude that idea, my great
objection to the thing itself, as it stands, will be
done away with, because, as to the personal prop-
erty, the improvements, those probably might be
sold also when they sold the lands. I do not
know how far they could be separated; but that
would be for the Government to decide. Now, I
want the Senator to understand me distinctly. I
give him all credit that he is in good faith trying
to reduce expenses. My only doubt was whether
we should not get into more difficulty with our
present want of information by adopting his prop-
osition now than we should by continuing the
present system? If the Committee on Indian
Affairs were all agreed on the subject, it would
satisfy me personally, because they know much
more about it than 1 do. I do not pretend to know
anything on the subject, because I have not in-
vestigated it particularly.
I wish the Senator to understand me in another
particular. 1 do not wish to be understood as
throwing any sort of imputation or blame on the
Secretary of the Interior about this matter. I am
very well aware that he cannot know all the de-
tails on this subjcct. It is more than one man
could master in such a short time. He mustrely
upon the Commissioner, the head of the Indian
Bureau. The Commissioner perhaps may be in
the same difficulty, being new to his office. All
these difficulties result from this everlasting change
of officers at the head of bureaus under our pres-
ent system as at present adopted; which is, that
the moment a man gets fairly warm in his place,
and understands hisduties, he must be turned out
and give place to somebody else. We must pay
the penalty of ignorance and want of experience
regularly every four years, and as long as we con-
tinue in that line of practice we shall be subjected
to the same difficulties, and that, perhaps, may be
the trouble here.
My objection was that we had not information
enough to legislate safely on the subject. If the
Committee on Indian Affairs are satisfied, as a
body, upon this subject and recommend it, I can-
not oppose it, especially as on the face of it it
seems to save money instead of expending money.
My object is to prevent any greater drains upon
the Treasury than are absolutely necessary. I sug-
gest, then, that this amendmentbe amended so as
to exclude all idea of selling the lands.
Mr. LATHAM. I will move an amendment
to that effect the moment the Senate act on the re-
duction of the amount from $100,000 to $75,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
he had not better reduce it from $100,000 to
$50,000.
Mr. LATHAM. I think $50,000 would be too
small. I think it is a considerable reduction now
to strike off $25,000 from the $100,000, making it
$75,000. That is as low as we can reduce it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the committee agree
upon that as the smallest sum, of course I can say
nothing against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on that motion to strike out
$100,000, and insert $75,000.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the amendment,as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I expressed a doubt of this
amendment reducing the expenditures, and I am
not quite certain that it does even now. The
amendment in the seventh clause now proposes
an appropriation of $75,000. In the ninth item,
there is an appropriation of $51,720. It proposes
to sell all the property now owned by the United
States on these reservations that cannot be trans-
ferred to the new reservations, and to apply the
proceeds of the sales of this property to the extin-
guishment of settlers'titles in the new reservations.
In the first place, then, the appropriation proposed
in money directly will be in the neighborhood of
$130,000, and then there will be the value of all
this property; and I do not believe that any mem-
ber of the Committee on Indian Affairs knows
how much property is to be sold under that pro-
vision. I do not. The Senator from California
has stated that he does not, as conversant as he
is with the Indian affairs of his own State. I be-
lieve he has served on that committee for several
years heretofore, and yet he cannot give us any-
thing like an accurate idea of the amount of prop-
erty which he proposes to sell.
Then, sir, in the next place, the moment these
Indians are removed, we shall have to construct
other property in lieu of th? property we sell.
We are to sell the mills, blacksmith shops, and
machinery of every kind now in the use of the
agents and superintendents for the benefit of the
Indians on these reservations; and we shall be
compelled to reconstruct mills, shops, and ma-
chinery for the Indians on the new reservations.
I do not believe any member of the committee
knows how much the amount of expenditure in-
volved in this change will be. I believe the In-
dians ought to be collected on two or three reser-
vations in California, and not be scattered as they
now are over a great many; but this amendment
does not reduce the immediate expenditure, nor
does anybody know the amount of expenditure
that is involved in the change we propose. I re-
peat, therefore, I think it better to continue the
present system for the present year until we shall
be able to understand more on this subject.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator certainly can-
not have looked into this matter very closely, or
he would not have made the statement he has,
that, under my amendment, there is no economy.
Of course, if he supposes all the public property
on these reservations is to be squandered, and the
Government is afterwards to be taxed to a large
amount to build mills, &c., his idea may be a cor-
rect one; but so far'as the amendment is con-
cerned upon its face, if honestly administered,
there will be a saving of a great many thousands
of dollars, as 1 have heretofore stated to the Sen-
ate, specifying the items. I can repeat them again,
if the Senator from Iowa desires it; but otherwise
I do not feel called upon to consume the time of
the Senate in so doing.
My object in rising more especially was to move,
in the fifteenth line on the 2d page of the amend-
ment, that the word " personal" be inserted after
the word " Government;'7 and to strike out the
words " and interest," and insert the word " on"
in place of "in;" so that it will read:
And all Government personal pioperty on the reservations
so abolished, except buch as tiio superintending agent may
deem itadvisahie to transport to Round Valley, be sold, and
the proceeds applied to the extinguishment of settlers' titles,
and making improvements on Hound Valley reservation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that it may be
