1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
necessary the word " fixtures " should be inserted,
if there are any on the reservations.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I will modify my
amendment so as to make it read, "and all Gov-
ernment personal property and fixtures on the
reservations," &c.
Mr. PESSENDEN. " Improvements" would
be a better word.
Mr. LATHAM. That is better; and I will
say, " and all Government personal property and
improvements," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask a question
of the Senator from California. I see he has fixed
on two points for reservations, Round Valley and
Owen's River Valley. I notice in the estimates an
appropriation asked for for the purchase of land
and farms of settlers at Smith River Valley. What
is that? . , ,
Mr. LATHAM. That is not m the amend-
ment at all. That is stricken out. _
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A single word in reply to
the Senator from Maine. The committee did not
recommend putting that in. The amendments that
were recommended by the committee will be found
printed in the form of amendments before the
Senate. The Smith River Valley, which was pro-
posed to be purchased by one of the superintend-
ents, lies in the northwest corner of the State of
California. It was to take the place of the Kla-
math reservation, which was washed away by the
flood; but the committee did not recommend the
purchase of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment suggested
by the Senator from California.
The amendmentto the amendment wasagreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senatoi from
California as amended. _
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be well
enough to have the yeas and nays upon it. We
can take it in the Senate. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It can be taken in the ben-
ate; and if the vote is not taken until to-morrow
morning, all the information as to the property on
these reservations comes quarterly to the depart-
ment, and we-can Ijave a detailed statement pre-
cisely of the property on those reservations, if it
is desired, to-morrow morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But in the mean time we
can go on and see what the committee propose
to do. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What amendments does
the amendment of the Senator from California
take the place of?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the amendment be
adopted, it takes the place of all the amendments
proposed by the Senator from California, and also
takes the place of what appears in the original
bill on page 47, under the head of " Indian ser-
vice in California."
Mr. LATHAM. The amendment that 1 have
offered states distinctly what will be struck out of
the original appropriation bill if it is adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the portion to be
stricken out had better be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Wisconsin, the Sec-
retary will read what is proposed to be stricken
out in case the amendment of the Senator from
California should be agreed to.
The Secretary read the portion to be stricken
out, as follows: On puge 2, lines thirty-three and
thirty-four of the original bill, strike out the fol-
lowing: .
For pay of twenty laborers for reservations in California,
$12,000.
On page 47 strike out the following.
Indian scvvice in California
The PRESIDENT?™ tempore. The first item
under that head was read, and agreed to. The
second will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
X UC kJVV-i CCC41 y * lb)
For presents of goods and clothing to the Indians, to be
expended by the superintendent of Indian affairsj $5,000.
Fo^th'r'^aTn/cidcntal expen.es of the Indian service
in California, including traveling expenses of superintend-
enForSytngtlie expenses ofthe removal and subsi-tcncc
nf Indians in California to the reservations m that btate,
§25,000.
Mr FESSENDEN. 1 suppose those clauses
will remain in the bill until this amendment is
adopted or rejected in the Senate.
The amendment of Mr. Latham, as amende ,
was agreed to.
Mr DOOLITTLE. There are other amend-
ments proposed by the committee for Indian ser-
vice in Nevada, which can now be acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
little explanation of this amendment. It is un-
pleasant for me to say anything about these
various amendments, but it seems to me it is le-
gislating so blindly that I cannot allow it to pass.
Here are various amendments proposing an enor-
mous aggregate of expenditure. Now, if this is
necessary, there must be some fact known to the
committee to make it necessary. The ordinary
annual appropriation covers $1,700,000 for the
Indian service. The appropriations for this year
are as high as they were before, and here is an
addition of $683,000 to the annual appropriations
for Indian affairs, nearly one half of the whole
amount appropriated. The present amendmeqfc
proposes an addition to the appropriations for pres-
cnts of goods and clothing to Indians of $5,000?
The ordinary appropriations are made in the bill
we have before us reported from the Committee
on Finance; and unless Senators can give us some
reason why these sums should be allowed, I do
not think we ought to vote for them. I speak it
with regret, but 1 have heard also that this year
the Indian Bureau of the Department ofthe Inte-
rior have adopted a construction of the general
law which authorizes the purchase of goods for
presents, in which they decide that they are not
restrained by the ordinary law which requires all
purchases to be made upon public bids. I should
like to have that understood and explained before
wc vote on these additional appropriations.
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. Is that so?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire of
the chairman ofthe Committee on Indian Affairs
whether it is so ? Ithas been so stated in the pub-
lic prints, and it is well enough for us to know it.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law requires that all
goods, personal property, &c., shall be bought by
public bids; and I understand a construction has
been put upon the law that it does not apply to
certain articles of goods for presents to Indians,
the very articles of all others that ought to be put
up to public bids. I do not wish to make any
objection to these amendments captiously; but it
is remarkable, and always excites at least oppo-
sition in my mind, when propositions of this kind
are made out of their oidmary channels. If these
estimates had come to us in the regular way, from
the Secietary ofthe Treasury, where the Comp-
troller and all the officers are bound to look at the
estimates and see that they correspond and con-
form with the law; if I had been assured that the
Secretary ofthe Treasury, or some officer in that
Department, had compared these appropriations
with the treaties and with the former appropria-
tions that had been made, and they had come to
us through the regular channel, the Committee ot
Way and Means of the House, where they are
generally severely scrutinized, I would not make
these objections. Eut when they come to the
Senate for the first time, and we are called to act
upon them without full information, I cannot sit
still and allow these appropriations to be adopted
unless explanations are made. I again repeat the
remark I made awhile ago, that, in my judgment,
it would be wiser and better for the Senate to re-
ject these amendments. Let the Indian depart-
ment make its communications to the Secretary
ofthe Interior and the Secretary of the treasury,
the regular channel; let them send them to the
House of Representatives, and there go through
the regular process; and it is very easy to pass a
bill even at this session to supply deficiencies that
are necessary. Look at the various items that are
included in these amendments. Among the rest,
there are private claims which could not be ottered
as distinct amendments. Here is one I notice:
For this amount in the hands of late Agent W. W. Den-
nison, unaccounted lor, belonging to the Ottocs and Mis-
sourias, .$18,070 07.
That is something in the nature of a private
claim. There is also included in these amend-
ments the interest on the abstracted bonds. I hat
raises a question in the Senate of grave, doub
whether or not the United States are boundt, ie
fund to the Indians the interest on the abstiacted
bonds. The next amendment, amounting
$255,872, presents another grave question as to
whether the interest on certain bonds should b®
paid in built to the Indians, or be invested for their
benefit, and only the interest on the interest be
paid. As a question of law, I doubt very much
whether the United States are responsible for the
interest on the abstracted bonds; but all these are
questions that have been fully discussed in the
other House. Many of these amendments are for
deficiencies, and among the rest I see two appro-
priations for clerks in California, an item that I
know was rejected last year: - ■ -
For salaries of clerks to the superintendents of Indian
affairs for'tbe northern and southern districts of California,
tor three quarters of the fiscal year ending Juae30,1862, at
§1,800 per annum, $2,700.
A year ago it was believed that these officers
could transact the business of their offices without
clerks, and therefore the appropriation for clerks
was stricken out. If the superintendents have
employed clerks, notwithstanding an appropria-
tion has been purposely withheld by Congress,
they ought to pay for the clerks themselves; and
yet here is a deficiency for last year, and a further
appropriation of over three thousand dollars for
the next fiscal year.
To come back to the amendment before us, mak-
ing an appropriation of $5,000 additional for pres-
ents of goods and clothing to Indians, I hope we
shall not take these propositions as mere questions
of form without an explanation, because these
amendments do not come to us through the regu-
lar channels, and we are bound to criticise them.
If we put them on this bill in the shape of amend-
ments, the House of Representatives will proba-
bly consider that the Senate was satisfied they
were right, and they will therefore agree to them,
because they will suppose that, having inserted
them here, we had some good reason for it, and
we ought to be able to give that reason.
Mr FESSENDEN. I see among these amend-
ments that half a dozen interpreters are provided
for, and an appropriation of $500 each made. Did
we ever appropriate anything of that sort before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot say.
•Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator lias got be-
yond the item now before the Senate. That is for
the service in Utah. There is only one provided
'"m? "fESSENDEN. Then there is another for
Colorado, and one for the Shoshones, Utahs,
Rubv Valley agency, Fort Bndger agency, and
Spanish Fork agency. Have we ever appropri-
ated anything before for interpreters m those
PlMrS DOOLITTLE. Not for all those places.
Mr". FESSENDEN. For any of these new
0llMr. SHERMAN. These amounts are addi-
tional. There are appropriations in the regular
bill for interpreters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We make an appropria-
tion in gross for interpreters in the regular ap-
propriation bill. . , „
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Our friends in the Com-
mittee on Finance have been so deeply engaged
in the study of questions of taxation and
that they are exceedingly sensitive on questions
of money; but if they will look across this great
continent they will see that tlus Territory <>f Ne-
vada isagreatterritory, containing butfew^whi
people, with a good many thou.sa"ds,°H
around them. The ■"Pe™te°dent,fJ£d""£
fairs there has written to the depaitment, urging
that an appropriation.should be wallow
him to enter into treaties with those Indians tor
ihe extinguishment of their title ancI to prevent
diaL, which may involve us injcry lai<;e ex-
pense The department estimated for that pur-
m>se and recommended the appropriation of a large
pose ana committee, in considering
S?emaue.HonTn relation to Nevada, determine!
not to recommend any appropriation foi thes pur-
pose of making any
rlown the whole appropriation foi the entire in
tnrcrSice of Nc^di Ter.itory-to about seven
thousand five hundred dollars; giving $5UU tor
pay of inteipreter,^,000 for the
penses, and $5,000 for the puipose of(allowing' the
superintendent there in control of Indian-
mike some presents to thelnd'ans in mder to keep
the peace with them, and avoid difficulties and
