1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
His only remaining hope was in his own men,
his scattered forces, to weaken himself at some
points on.his long line to save Lexington, if pos-
sible. And what did he do ? My fiiend says—
and {have his exact words—" it cannot be shown
that he moved one single man towards Lexington
atoll." Lexington fell on Friday, the 20th ofSep-
tember. 1 shall remember the day to tlie last hour
of my life; for I watched, as did my constituents,
day by day and hour by hour for news from there,
with a solicitude that excluded all thought of all
other questions.
General Fremont telegraphed in every direc-
tion. He ordered General Pope to come down
to Lexington and reinforce Mulligan there; he
ordered General Sturgis to come down and rein-
force him; he ordered Jefferson C. Davis, of In-
diana, acting brigadier general at Jefferson City,
to go forward and reinforce him. He used every
means in Ins power. The telegraphic wires were
hot with his dispatches, sent in every direction,
to secure the reinforcement of Mulligan. See the
columns of them of these eventful days m the oili-
cial dispatches, at last published in the New York
Tribune, and which attest his sleepless energy so
strikingly. Now, four days befote Mulligan sur-
rendered, see what General Pope telegraphs:
Palmyra, Sejitciitber 1G, 1861.
To Major General Fremont*
From pupei ju->t handed me I Joarn for first time That hn-
poitant matleis are occurring at bextnaiou. The troops I
sent to Lexington trill be. there the day after to-moriot>\ and
consist oftivo full regiments, of infant) ?/, four pieces of artil-
lery, and 1.30 irregular horse. These, with the t-co Ohio i <?«£-
mcnt<?, >rhich mil reach there on Thursday, will make a re-
inforcement of 4.00i) men and four pieces of aitiUery Do
you wi-h to conic down to tft. Louis or go to Canton
and Keokuk to fint-h mitten in this section ? The follow-
ing foice alori  t!u-> io.nl at Hannibal: At Kansas. 480; at
Palmvta, 370 of twentieth lllinoN; at Ilud-on. -1'20 of Ta^-
tet's nioii, at Biookiiuld, 650 of Moigan's raiment; at St.
Jo^epih, coming ea.-t,«'f.UUG fowa ami Mi^buu modular
tioops. lMcu^e answer to Ciuincy.
JOHN POPE, Brigadier General.
So that General Fremont had the promise that
on the 18th, two days before Lexington actually
fell, two full legiments, four cannon, and one hun-
dred and fifty cjvalry should succor the brove gar-
rison there holding out, and that by Thursday,
the 19th, one day before Mulligan surrendered,
the reinforcement from Pope's forces for Lexing-
ton should b° increased still further, to four thou-
sand mt'ii. Thai they did not arrive there and
save it, is not Fremont's fault, then.
Nor was this Ml. On the 13th of September,
the day before I arrived there, it was supposed at
Sr. Louis that Price's advance threatened Boone-
ville;and Fremont telegraphed General Sturgis,
then in north Missouri, as follows:
Headquarters Western Department,
St Louis, September 13, lc-61.
Sir: Information having been teeeived at these liead-
quaiters of an intended attack on BoonevilJe, vou are hereby
oideied to move at one*1 by the 6hoite<t possible route, and
with all piaoticable r.pe<>d? dneet to that place with >our
foice ot mtauuy and .irallety. j (>_
Major General Commanding,
To Btigadier General Stoiigis, Mexico.
But on the eventful 14th of September it was
discovered that the attack would probably be on
Lexington, and he telegraphed again to Sturgis,
as„ follows:
Headquarters Western Department,
8t. Louis, September 14. 1£81.
Sir : You are hereby dnrctnl to move, via Utiea, with
all piactieable speed to Levmgfun, on the Mhsouti river,
with your force of infantry and aitiMrty. You will send
back the three companies'of the Fremont hussar*, under
Captain Blum, to St LouU*.
The mo<t pra'Mieable loute fiom Utica to Lexington for
you will be by Au-tmviUe, Finney's Giove, and Morton.
J. C. F11L>IONT,
Major General Commanding,
To Riiyadiei General Sturgis, Mexico.
On the 13th,he twice teleguiphs to acting Bug-
adier General Jell'. C. Da\is, at Jefferson City, to
send foiward two regiments to strengthen Lex-
ington,and says, " move promptly." On the 14th
he telegraphs him that lie is sending him up regi-
ments and batteiics from St. Louis, while he also
notifies the Department at Washington that they
should have the five regiments they demanded
from him—two from St. Louis, two from Cairo
and vicinity, and one from Illinois—absolutely
stripping himself in St. Louis of every means of
defense to comply with these wants in evety direc-
tion. Not content with issuing orders, you find
nearly half a dozen the same day to his officers,
urging celerity,energy, rapid movement. No man
living could have done more. I add here the offi-
cial dispatch to Jeff. C. Davis:
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, September 14,1861.
Sir: As a column of the enemy's force is moving upon
Lexington, you are liereby dttected immediately to order
two of the regiments undei your command to the reinforce-
ment of that place. Oideis have already been issued to two
regiments in this city to ptoceed to Jefferson City, and re-
mtotce youi command.
Brigadier Gencial Sturgip, now at Mexico, will also re-
pair to Lexington with his entire force of infantry and a
battery of aitiilery. On his anival, he will assume com-
mand of all the tioops at that place.
J. C. FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
To Colonel Jeff. C. Davis,
Colonel Commanding at Jefferson City.
Now, let us examine what was done. Pope's
reinforcements did not arrive; General Sturgis
did come to a point near the river on the opposite
side from Lexington; and I have the testimony
of Colonel Mulligan himself that if he had actually
come within sight with his forces on the opposite
side of the river, Price had got so tired of fighting,
the defense had been so persistent and unyield-
ing, that he would have retired, notwithstanding
his force of twenty thousand men, with eight brig-
adier geneials, besieging one colonel of the Union
forces. But the evidence is, that Sturgis came
down to a point within a few miles of the river, and
learning that the ferry-boats had been destroyed,
and that, therefore, it was impossible for him to
cross the river, and learning from a contraband—
for they were permitted then to come within our
lines and give information as to rebel movements
—that Price's force was twenty to twenty-five
thousand, deeming that he had not a force suffi-
cient to meet them, as he had not, he retired.
Fiemont, however, supposed that, by four days
after his ordei to him, he would have reached Lex-
ington; and on the 18th—two days be-fore Lex-
ington fell—he sent orders to him at that point.
Jefferson C. Davis, upon the reception of Gen-
eral Fiemont's orders, embarked as soon as pos-
sible—for it takes time—his available force upon
some steamboats; and they proceeded up the river
to a place called Glasgow, where, learning the
rebels had erected batteries, they landed for the
purpose of storming them before proceeding under
their fire; and m the darkness of the night they
fired into each other, and being thrown into con-
fusion, they did not get to Lexington in time to
reinforce Colonel Mulligan.
These three forces from different directions, then
set out under the orders of General Fremont to
reinforce the gallant defenders of Lexington, and
he failed in accomplishing that purpose because
the elements seemed to be against him, and not
because he did not seek in every possible way to
succor that besieged garrison. His dispatches to
his secret agents are not, of course, published; but
a reply from one of them, Charles Noyes, says
that Sturgis? was expected to reach Lexington the
Wednesday nurht before the surrender, and Gen-
eral Lane the Thursday night before. Fate seemed
to prevent these reinforcements, not the inactivity
or indifference of Fremont.
Now, to appreciate the difficulties Geneial Fre-
mont had to contend with in bunging any con-
siderable number of men to any one point, you
must remember the extended frontier, and the
large number of posts he had to defend. Troops
were stationed, and had to be, not only at St.
Louis and Cairo, but all through north Missouri,
at Lexington, at Jefferson City, at Rolla, at Iron-
ton, at Cape Girardeau, at Bird's Point, at Fort
Holt, opposite Cairo, at Norfolk, at Mound City,
at Paducah, and many oilier points. Judge Biair
testifies how difficult it was for him, here at the
capital and with the influence wielded by a mem-
ber of the Cabinet, to obtain attention to western
interests, or compliance with western requisitions.
But Fremont, with troops constantly ordered away
from him, with a plentiful luck of guns, with credit
impaired, if not ruined, by the possibility of his
removal, (and since then these creditors have seen
their chums delayed for months, till examined by
a board of commissioners, and even still unpaid,)
was expected to organize victory and tuumph
over every adverse circumstance.
But let us look fuither, and see what was the
condition of affairs when Pricc marched upon j
Lexington. Why, sir, at the very time when j
Price, with from fifteen to seventeen thousand j
men, was threatening Lexington, McCulloch was ;
threatening llolla and Jefferson City, Hardee was i
threatening Ironton, in southeast Missouri, ami
Polk and Pillow, with a number of troops, esti-
mated at twenty to twenty-six thousand, were
down at Columbus, threatening our inferior forces
at Cairo; and in addition to that, there were the
forces of Jeff. Thompson, Martin Green, and,
other guerrilla bands; and there were organized
bands of rebels in every county in the State. The
State was heaving and seething with insurrection
under his feet, and he had to restore it to its loy-
alty. AH this Fremont had to encounter, with
nearly eighty thousand rebels threateningall these
exposed points, with the disloyalists at their
homes, and with an inadequate force to meet tire
enemy. Sir, a responsibility was thrown upon
him which I would not to-day take upon my
shoulders for the best office in the gift of the
American people or of the world.
the investigating committee.
While he was struggling nobly to perform his
duty, from every side came the poisoned arrows
of calumny, and the ex parte testimony of the
investigating committee of this House, charging
him with connivance with contractors to plunder
the Treasury. 1 regret to have to allude to their
course, for every member of the committee, I be-
lieve and hope, is my personal friend.
Sir, I have learned to look with some distrust
upon ex parte testimony. I recollect that when
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who now
occupies a seatat the other end of the Capitol, was
at the head of a committee sitting in judgment upon -
the then Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Toucey, they
wrote to Secretary Toucey, as I found in reread-
ing their report recently, that they were going to
examine into the live-oak contract and other mat-
ters, and that he would be welcome to come and
listen to the evidence; and subsequently, when
they had taken the evidence of eight witnesses,
they had a correct ccfpy of it made and sent it to
Secretary Touccy, with a respectful letter, offer-
ing to subpena any witnesses he might desire to
have called, and when subsequent witnesses ap-
peared before them, they took the same course.
This was an example of impartiality towards a
political opponent worthy of admiration and im-
itation.
But how was it in the case of Fremont? I un-
dertake to say, and history proves it, that while
Fiemont was out hunting the enemy, some per-
sons—not the committee, perhaps, but hisenemies
in St. Louis—were hunting up witnesses against
him to have ex parte testimony taken there; and
no sooner wus it taken, while he was still in the
face of the foe endeavoring obtain victory for
our arms and periling his life for his country, a
synopsis of these cx parte statements was given by
some one to some newspaper correspondent and
sent upon the wires all over the country, so as to
poison the public mind against the commander of
the department of the West and assist in achiev-
ing his overthrow. Sir, I think that in common
justice, in common humanity—if there are such
things as justice and humanity—when he returned,
a deposed general, the-committee might, if they
did not see fit to do so before, have sent him the
adverse evidence, which up to this hour they have
never done, and said to him: "Sir, before you
were sent to this department, you were supposed
to be an honest man, but this testimony clouds
your character. It was taken in your absence; if
you have any vindication or defense to offer, we
will subpena your witnesses and give their testi-
mony to the world in company with that taken
against you while you were in the field." But no,
the testimony was never sent to him, and he has
never seen it, unless some member of the House
ere this has lent him a copy; he has had no official
information concerning it.
My friend from Missouri says that Fremont
has not demanded a trial. I wish to ask him if he
did not make charges against General Fremont
before the late Secietary of War, Mr. Cameron?
Mr. BLAJR, of Missouri. Certainly,
Mr. COLFAX. Then I wish to say this:
that if Secretory Cameron, the Minister of War,
thought those charges worthy of consideration,it
was his duty to ha ve put Fremont on trial. I wish
to ask my fiiend now, if he has not also made
charges against General Fremont before the pres-
ent Secretary of War?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I preferred charges
against him at the time, and the gentleman knows
