TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
: *
i i
i
■ f
The fourth section enacts that the even sections
of public lands reserved to the United States by
the act'of June 3, 1856, along the originally lo-
cated route of the Marquette and Wisconsin State
Line Railroad Company, except where such sec-
tions shall fall within six miles of the new line of
road proposed to be located, and along which no
railroad has been constructed, shall hereafter be
subject to sale at §1 25 per acre.
The fifth section provides that upon the filing
in the General Land Office of the lists of the rail-
road laiyls, in whole or in part, as now selected
and certified in the General Land Office, with the
certificate of the Governor of the State of Mich-
igan, under the seal of the State, that the State
and its assigns surrender all claim to the lands set
forth and described in the lists thereof thus certi-
fied, and that the same have never been pledged
or sold or in anywise incumbered, then the State
of Michigan or its assigns is to be entitled to re-
ceive a lilte quantity of land, selected in like man-
ner, upon the new line of road as thus surrendered
upon the first line, and to the extent of six sec-
tions per mile in the aggregate for every mile of
the new line, according to the general provisions
of the actof June 3, 1856; andit will be theduty
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to reofferfor public sale, in the usual manner, the
lands embraced in the lists of surrendered lands
when duly filed in his office, as required by this
act.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill, with an amendment, to insert before the word
" railroad," in the tenth line, of the first section,
the words "location of the line of;" so lhat it
will read:
Shall, without (forfeiture to snld State, or its assigns of
any rights or benellts under said act, or exemption Iroin
any ot the conditions or obligations imposed thereby, be
construed to authorize the location of the line of railroad
provided for 111 said act, from Marquette, on Lake Supe-
rior, to the Wisconsin Btatc line, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
as amended, and the amendment waa concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed. The resolution
was ordered to be read a third time; and it was
read the third time, and passed.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to taltc up House bill
No. 280, to establish and equalize tile grades of
line officers of the United States Navy—the bill
which the Senator from New Hampshire at-
tempted to get up a few moments ago.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. 1 think we are all too wearied to consider
that bill, which is a very important one now.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow mo to make a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
BKPOKT I'KOJI A COMMITTEE.
Mr, COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 392) to establish certain post
roads, reported it with amendments.
PAPBI1S WITHDRAWN AND KEJBURISD.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Captain Joseph
Bffjg* l>o withdrawn from the files of (he Senate and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
ARREST OF CHARLES 0. FULTON.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer the following reso-
lution, which I should like to have considered now:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate whether Mr. Charles C. Pulton,
one of the editors and proprietors of the Baltimore Ameri-
can newspaper, has been arrested and confined in prison,
and if&o, upon what charges and for what reasons; and
whether any charges have been preferred against him, and
if so, what arc those chaigcs, by whom preferred, and the
evidence upon which they are based.
Mr. KENNEDY, I will ask if it is in order to
move to amend that resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the consid-
eration of the resolution is not objected to, it is.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made to its present consideration, it will lie over.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am sure the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw that objection
when I tell him that I think there is a mistake
about this arrest, and when this resolution is sub-
mitted to the President it will be set aside. I hope
the Senator will not persist in his objection.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, to extend the same inquiry
as to the arrest of Judge Bartol, a judge of the
court of appeals of the State of Maryland, and also
the arrest of Judge Richard Carmichal, of the East-
ern Shore of Maryland.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator insists on
that amendment, I shall let it lie over.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that resolution be
passed over.
The PRESIDINGrOFFICER. It will lie over,
objection being made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless Senators desire to
do some further business, I renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. KING. If the Senator will allow me, I
desire to have an executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
thedoors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 1, 1862.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byron Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday wasreadandapproved.
MESSAGE rROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
theirSecretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed an act (No. 342) for the establishment
of certain national arsenals; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair aslc:i consent to
have the 56th rule read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" The consideration of the unfinished business in which
the House may be engaged at an adjournment shall be re-
sumed as soon as the Journal of the next day is read, and
at the same time each day thereafter until disposed of; and
if, from any cause, other business shall intervene, it shall
be resumed as soon as such other business is disposed of.
And the consideration of all other unfinished bushier shall
lie leaumed whenever the class of business to which it
belongs shall be in order under the rules."
The SPEAKER. Under that rule the unfin-
ished business is the consideration of House bill
No. 288, to construct a ship canal for the passage
of armed and naval vessels from the Mississippi
river to Lake Michigan, and for other purposes.
OATII OF OFFICE.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a privileged report.
I desire to make a report from a committee of con-
ference.
The report was read, as follows:
* The committee of eonlcrence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (It. It. No.
371) to prescribe an oath of office, and for other purposes,
have met, and after lull and free conference have agreed to
recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate rccede from its first amendment to said
bill, on page 1, in line four, and agree to the following sub-
stitute in lieu thereof: " excepting the President of the
United States."
That the House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to all the other amendments of the Senate to the
said bill, and agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
PRESTON KING,
Managers on the pait of the Senate,
JAMES F. WrLSON,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
JOHN S. PHELPS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I call the previous question
upon the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the report was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ALDRICH. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to submit a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will postpone that matter until we dispose of the
matter which was under consideration when the
House adjourned last evening.
Mr. ALDRICH. This will only consume a
minute or two. There is no necessity for any
discussion.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the biSi (H. R.
No. 260) malting appropiiations for the cuircntand contin-
ent expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1863, having met, after full and free con-
ference, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective-Houses as follows;
That the Senate recede from their second amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to to
much of the Senate's third amendment as proposes to strike
out tire matter contained in lines eleven hundred and
twenty-five, eleven hundred aud twenty-six, and eleven
hundred and twenty-seven, inclusive, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recedc from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to their sixth amendment, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede fiom their disagreement to the first
amendment of the House to the Senate's seventh amend-
ment, and agiee to the same.
That the House recede from their second amendment
to the Senate's seventh amendment, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: in line four, section two,
of said amendment, strike out the word " two," and insert
" threeand in the same line strike out the words " five
hundredin line two, of section three of said amendment,
btrike out the word " fifty," and mseit " fortyand after
the word "dollars," in the second line, insert "or so much
thereof as may be found necessary."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to tiie same
with the following amendments: stakeout all afterthe en-
acting clause down to, and including, the word " appropri-
ated," in the sixty-fouuh line, page 5(5, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
" That the following sums be, and the same are hereby,
in like manner appropiiated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Indian service
in California."
Strike out all after the word " dollars," in the sixty-ninth
line, and in lieu thereot insert:
" For the same service tor the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863, at $1,500 per annum, $3,000. For compensation of
five supervisors for the reservations in California to instruct
the Indians in husbandry, for the fiscal year ending June
30, IH63, authorized hy the act of June 19, 1860, $9,000.
" For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together
with clothing and food, teams and farming tools for the In-
dians for the fiscal year ending June 30,1)363, for the noith-
em district ol California, $25,000.
" For the same for the southern district of California for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, $15,000: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and
directed to inquire into the expediency of reducing the In-
dian reservations in California to two in number; the proper
places foi the same; the piobable expense thereof; the pro-
priety of disposing of any of the reservations and the value
thereof, and of the property thereon; of the manner and
terms of such disposal; and in what manner, in his judg-
ment, the expenses of the Indian department in that State
can be reduced and its system simplified without injury to
the same, and report thereon to the next regular session of
Congress." J. It. DOOLITTLE,
JOHN SHERMAN,
W. SAULSBURY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
CYRUS ALDRICH,
THOS.SVI. EDWARDS,
A. A. SARGENT,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move the previous ques-
tion upon agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the report was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to rcconsider the vote
and also moved
on the table.
V6.
by which the report was agreed to;t
to lay the motion to reconsider on
Tjirfc latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up the tariff bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. It is that the first business in order is the
unfinished business under consideration when the
House adjourned last evening, upon which the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] demanded
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is at any time in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, unless the previous ques-
tion has been seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to give me a moment to bring a local
bill before the House?
