108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
and repelling invasion there or anywhere else
throughout the Union.
I do not know that I could make clearer my
position in regard to this matter. I only desire to
add a word in order to complete my argument,
and that is, that inasmuch as the enlistment of
the five hundred thousand men authorized by the
terms of the act of July is full, the President no
longer has power to act under that law, and hence
the necessity for this additional legislation.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill is not entirely de-
void of interest to my immediate constituents, and
I feel very solicitous that it should pass; and it
seems to me that if we could divest it of extra-
neous matter there would be but little difficulty in
the minds of members about its passage. I have
 G£t attended sufficiently close to the movement of
this debate to know how the negro question has
foeeia introduced into it; but I cannot see how it
gwojaerly has any connection with it. I suppose
■there are very few gentlemen—certainly I hope
there .are but few—upon either side of the House
who <do not concur m the general sentiment that
fthe ,pieservation of this Union and the perpetuity
<hf eu.rAmerican nationality is an object infinitely
ma ore important for us to consider than cither the
preservation of slavery or the abolition of slavery.
ffl>e .ane -told that this legislation is peculiar; that
at is abnormal. In answer to that it is sufficient
.t© .•stale that the condition of Kentucky at this
stime is peculiar. Kentucky occupies a peculiar
.situation in connection with our public affairs.
She is Got only invaded by armies in large force
.and great strength, but she has the elements of
disorder within her own limits. She has, in por-
tions of the State, a large number of latent rebels
who are very strong in their sympathy with those
in active rebellion against the Government, and
who are only waiting a fit opportunity lo )ef their
.sympathy break out in open insuneetion. She
is surrounded by hostile forces on three sides,
who wish to make her Union and loyal citizens
feel the force of their wrath m consequence of the
-attitude -of loyalty they have assumed towards
ithe Government. Hence she is subject to inva-
sion from those quartets. Her uulroads, her
■bridges, and her other public property are in con-
stant dangpr of being destroyed; and this not by
the regular movement of armies and large bodies
•of men, but 'by guerilla bands who come in the
night and go in the night; who go in small num-
bers by stealth through the by-ways of the coun-
try, In order to defeat them you do not want
armies, but bands of men equal in number and
firmness of purpose to them. You want men fa-
miliar wiiU the country; who have that suit of
local knowledge which will enable them to meet
this invading or insurrectionary force. It is mani-
fest that such men must be drawn from the coun-
try itself, and that their oiganization should ho in
the nature of a police force to preserve order and
give protection to the people at home.
JNow, the Slate of Kentucky, as has been re-
peatedly said, has already furnished her quota of
troops for the armies of the country. She has, if
I mistake not, a larger force in the field for the
war than the State of Massachusetts, with her
larger and entirely loyal population; yet her re-
sources, in the way of raising troops, are not
exhausted, it does not follow that because she
has already furnished nearly thirty thousand
troops for three years, as we have been told she
has, she cannot furnish half as many more. It is
believed that, for a more limited period, and for
the special purposes designated in tins bill, she
can and will furnish more. 1 need not say that
there are many men who could go into the service
for twelve months who would find it inconvenient,
if not impracticable, to enlist for throe years. If
it is admitted that it is the duty of the Government
to give protection to loyeil citizens who have at-
tested their loyalty to the country by as great
sacrifices, at least, as the citizens of any pait of
the country, I see not how we can hesitate a mo-
ment about the passage of this bill. These men
must be protected. It is a duty which the Gov-
ernment owes them. They can be protected more
successfully and economically by troops drawn
from the immediate neighborhood in sufficient
numbeis to meet theexigonciesof each particular
case than they can be by armies marched in from
without. It seems to me that the question does
not arise that has been discussed here, whether it
is wise in this instance to depart from the general
I military policy of the country? The case itself is
i an exception; the service is an exception; and the
| object for which the troops are to be raised is pe-
culiar; it does not fall within the general policy;
and, in that pointof view, it seems to me that the
House should not hesitate a moment to authorize
the raising of this force to the extent and for the
peculiar service designated by the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to me
that this question is fully exhausted, and that the
House is impatient to come to a vote. I shall vote
for this bill, though very reluctantly, for the rea-
son that it does not come here with any official
recommendation of the proper Department. I do
think it most important that, if we are to increase
our Army, we should do it upon some general
plan, and not in a piecemeal fashion. But, Mr.
Speaker, the Committee on Military Affairs have
reported this bili unanimously; and I believe the
peculiar circumstances in which Kentucky is
placed justify them in so doing. Notwithstand-
ing all the seductions and blandishments of the
so-called confederate government, she has re-
mained loyal, assumed her share of direct taxa-
tion, and raised and put into the field, as I under-
stand, her full quota of the half million of men
which we have authorized by law to be raised.
Now, if the gallant people of Kentucky are ready
and willing to furnish twenty thousand more to
put down rebellion, 1 say let us bid her God speed
m the work. We know there is a necessity for
a very large force in that State. There is a large
confederate army at Columbus, and another at
Bowling Green. We know that, under General
Zollicoffer, Kentucky is invaded through Cum-
berland Gap; and that Humphrey Marshall is
going to ride the tail off of another stub-tailed
horse (as he used to say he did in Mexico) into
Kentucky, in another direction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, under these circumstances,
for one, I am ready and willing to vote for this
bill, anomalous as it may be. Unless, therefore,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs desires to occupy the floor, I move the pre-
vious question.
The pievious question was seconded; and the
mam question oidored.
The SPEAKER stated that the chairman of the
Committee on Alii i tat y Affairs [Mr. Blair, of Mis-
souri] was entitled to the floor for one hour to close
the debate.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
merely desire to occupy the attention of the House
for five or six minutes in concluding this debate;
and I want especially to reply to the remarks
made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
juy,] who first spoke in opposition to this bill.
He asserted over and over again that this force is
unnecessary, and that we have more troops than
we want, and do not know what to do with them.
Now, 1 would reply to that remark by saying that
we have the best reason in the world for believing
that we have not got enough men in the field, for
we have not been able to conquerthis enemyany-
where as yet. That is one proof of it, and an-
other proof of it is that we never have met them
anywhere that they have not outnumbered us.
We have never confronted the enemy in battle yet
when they have not been superior to us in num-
bers, and we have never been able to drive them
back one foot. I think that that ought to be proof
conclusive to the gentleman from Illinois that we
have not got enough men.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suppose that fact is ac-
counted for by this, that the enemy never will
meet us unless they are superior in numbers. They
watch their opportunity and never meet us on an
equal field with equal numbers.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then why does not
our Army advance and overrun them?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Because we h .ive no generals.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, these
gentlemen who insist all the time that we have
got more men than we want ought to be made to
look the facts in the face. We have not as many
I men here—though the gentleman is complaining
j ot being overrun m the city of Washington as
: the enemy have in their breastworks on The other
j side of the river.
j Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
| from Missouri how it conies, then, that this Ad-
; ministration is derelict m its duty in not asking
! Congress to raise more men ?
1 Mr BLAIR, ot Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman. I do not know that the Administra-
tion is derelict; 1 rather think the gentlemen who
refuse to vote troops are derelict.
Mr. HICKMAN". That was notmy question.
I wish to know of the gentleman from Missouri
how it is that the Administration is derelict in
duty m this respect; why do they not ask Con-
gress to raise more men? If we have not yet a
number sufficient to conquer the enemy, then it
is the plain duty of the Administration to ask us
to vote more men; but they have not done so.
This measure comes upon the recommendation
of the Military Committee alone.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let me say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that if the Admin-
istration is derelict, as he argues, that is no reason
why we should be so; and when we see the fact
as plainly as the Administration can see it, or as
anybody else can see it, that our armies are not
advancing, and that wu have never met the enemy
except when the enemy were in overwhelmingly
superior numbers; when that is the undisputed
fact before the country, we are ourselves derelict
in duty if we do not vote additional troops.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will twenty thousand men
raised in Kentucky enable us to meet the enemy
with superior or equal numbers?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It will help us to
meet the enemy. It will aid us to do so.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I want to know it
we are to get in a drib of men in one bill to-day,
and another drib in another bill to-morrow, if that
is the way to raise a volunteer force?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know what
is the proper way, and am willing to leceive in-
structions from the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
upon that point; but I desire to say a word in reply
to what fell from the gentleman himself. lie wanted
to know why we should make an exception of the
case of Kentucky. I think that if the invader's
foot was on the soil of Pennsylvania he would
think differently; I think that he would recognize
the difference between the situation of Pennsylva-
nia then and Pennsylvania now. if a great army
should be upon the soil of Pennsylvania devas-
tating her land from end to end, 1 think then the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would complain if
his fellow-members here refused to give him what
the delegation from Pennsylvania asked for the
defense of her soil. There is a broad distinction
between the cases of the State of Kentucky and
that of the State of Pennsylvania in the circum-
stances which surround them. The men of Ken-
tucky are suffering in the presence of the enemy,
arid as you were informed to-day by one of her
members, whole landsides in that State have been
devastated by the enemy.
Now, sir, let me reply to another question
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lo^ ejoy]
asked of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Air.
Wright,] and that was, whether ho was willing
to accept all the men who would offer then- ser-
vices in this war ? I say I would—every man. It
would end the war quicker and more cheaply, in
my opinion. I think the objection of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Air.
Stevens,] that this is an expensive measure, and
that our Republic is to be crushed by the expense
of this war, is invalid. I believe that the more
men we raise the more speedily will we end this
war, and the more cheaply, too. I should have
been in favor of doubling the number of men we
have raised, and putting them m the field; and if
it had been done sooner, in my opinion we should
have felt the advantage of it now. This is, in
fact,awarof preparation; the side that gets ready
first will be victorious, and it is because the prepa-
rations of the southern confederacy were so much
m advance of those made by the Union troops
that they have been able to hold their ground. If
we had put out our whole strength and made the
expenditure which we have made in half the time
that we have been in making it—if that expendi-
ture had been made in the i ight direction, it would
have counted for millions of money and years of
time in the suppression of this rebellion.
The question was taken on the amendment to
strike out the word " temporarily," and it was
agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly iead the third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. P. A. CONIvLIISiG demanded the yeatJ
