2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
wars. It was with that view that they consented
to the recommendation of this small sum for the
Territory of Nevada. The bill as it comes from the
House of Representatives makes no appropriation
whatever for that purpose. These additional esti-
mates were made by the department after the meet-
ing of Congress. I wish to say a word, once for
ail, in relation to some of these estimates; for
instance, the amendment which appears first to
carry into effect the treaty with the Arapahoes and
Cheyennes. The truth is that treaty was not pro-
mulgated until after the meeting of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not yet printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have a printed copy be-
fore me if the Senator desires to examine it. It
has been printed by order of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not question that; but
I inquired for a copy of the treaty, and it was not
to be found, and therefore we could not tell whether
the appropriation was authorized by the treaty or
not. We had no source of information.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. In relation to some of
these other estimates, it is but due to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to state that in conse-
quence of the Indians being driven out of the In-
dian territory into Kansas and suffering as they
did at the early part of thi's session, owing to this
war, he was compelled to go there personally and
be absent from office, and he spent some weeks in
Kansas looking after those Indians who had been
driven out of the Indian territory. That is one
reason why these estimates were not sent in at an
earlier day. They were sent in immediately on
his return, after this appropriation bill came from
the House it is true, but at a very early day, and
printed on my motion, and the attention of the
Senate specially called to these various items that
they might be examined. This simple appropri-
ation of about seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars for Nevada Territory and the same for Col-
orado——
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin before he proceeds to that, speaking of the
Kansas Indians, allow me to ask him a question ?
Does ho know the number of Indians that were
driven into Kansas, the characterof supplies that
were furnished to them, and the rate at which
they were furnished? Has he such information
as that he could present it to the Senate ?
Mr. DOOL1T jFLE. I do not know that I can
go into the details; but I have seen a statement
of the various numbers. The figures have escaped
my recollection; but there were somewhere be-
tween seven and eight thousand, 1 believe, that
were driven in there out of the Indian territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shouldliketo inquire also
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs whether or not it is true that tho Indian de-
partment have purchased goods in any other way
except by public bids? I have seen a statement
in the newspapers to that effect, and if it is a mis-
apprehension it ought to be corrected. If they
have obtained goods in any other way than by
public bids, wc ought to make a law forbidding it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that subject, of
course I have no information of my own. I am
informed, however, that they do advertise for the
purchase of the goods required to be delivered
under the Indian treaties and under the laws. If
there has been any exception to that, it is butex-
ceptional. But I am not aware of the precise na-
ture of the facts that the Senator inquires about.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator will allow
me to ask him a question, also. I have heard
similar statements in regard to the transportation
of Indian goods.
Mr. DOOLITTJLE. I beg to say to the Sena-
tor from Iowa that I have not prepared myself to
be questioned upon those points. I am not cer-
tain whether it has been so or not.
Mr. GRIMES. If we are going to put half a
million of money additional into the hands of the
Commissioner of the Indian Office, we ought to
know how he is managing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, to insett
under the head of" for Indian service in the Ne-
vada Territory:"
I'or presents ot goods and clothing to Indians, to bo ex-
pended by the superintendent of Indian affairs, $5,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. In regard to this amend-
ment of $5,000, and two or three others that fol-
low it, amounting ill the aggregate to #7,500, I
wish to say that that sum was fixed upon by the
committee in lieu of $60,000 that was asked for
by the Department of the Interior. As I under-
stand it, the reason why the committee thought
it was necessary that some appropriation should
be made for Nevada was this: a territorial gov-
ernment has been established there, and although
we have had heretofore no intercourse with these
Indians, it now becomes necessary that some-
thing should be done in order to preserve peace-
ful relations between them and the government we
have established there. Not knowing what was
actually necessary,thecommitteedeemed itproper
that some appropriation should be made to be ex-
pended at the discretion of the Governor of that
Territory, who is ex officio superintendent of In-
dian affairs, for the purpose of building up peace-
ful relations between our government there and
the Indians. I think the estimate of the Depart-
ment was pretty well cut down, and I do not sup-
Oiose, if we have anything at all to do with the In-
dians there, that they can get along with anything
fess than $7,500.
As to some of these amendments that are printed
which have been alluded to by the Senator from
Ohio, I will state that the Committee on Indian
Affairs have not agreed to all of them, and when
they arc reached in time, it will be explained what
the committee have agreed to and what they have
not.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For incidental expenses in Nevada Territory, including
office and traveling expenses, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For Indian service in Colorado Territory:
For pay of interpreter, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For presents of poods and clothing to Indians, to he ex-
pended by the superintendent of Indian affair?, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For incidental expenses in Colorado Territory, including
office and tiaveluig expenses, $^,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For the Indian service in Utah Territory for fiscal year
ending June 30.1863 :
For interpreter for Shoshones, $1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see in the original bill,
which I suppose the committee looked at, that
there is a general appropriation, in the twenty-
eighth line, of $24,900 for interpreters under sev-
eral acts mentioned in the bill. I wish to ask the
committee whether they have examined that so
as to know whether these interpreters that they
now ask for arc not included in those acts.
Mr. NESMITII. I desire to state to theSen-
ator from Maine that if I understand that clause
of the bill it is an appropriation for the pay of in-
terpreters provided for by treaty. This appro-
priation is necessary to employ interpreters in
Nevada, Dakota, Utah, and Washington Terri-
tory, where there are no interpreters provided for
by treaty.
Mr.FESSENDEN. My question simply was
to have an understanding whether it is a fact that
these intcipreters they now provide for are not
provided for in that provision of the original bill.
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir; it is a fact. The
appropriation in the bill only provides for those
piovided for by treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I should like to
know why the compensation for interpreters to
the Shoshones and Utahs is fixed at $1,000 and
the others at §500. It strikes me that for an in-
dividual likely to be employed in this service §500
would be a large sum, as the service required of
him during the ycai would only be occasional.
Mr. NESMITH. For the very best reason in
the world. On some of the borders of the western
States you can employ a man for $500 a year;
but the Shoshones are in the vicinity of gold
mines, and a competent man cannot be employed
there for less tlian $1,000. The difference in
pricc is owing to the difference in locality. Theie I
are but few men who speak the language of the
Shoshones, and it is very difficult to obtain an
interpreter there at any price, while at the same
time the close proximity of the gold mines makes
the price of labor such that you cannot procure a
man for less than $1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is evident this is not
like the employment of an interpreter for a foreign
Government. How much service can be required
of an interpreter to interpret, for instance, between
the Government and a particular tribe of Indians?
You propose to give him $1,000. -Will he be em-
ployed twenty or thirty days in a year, in point
of fact?
Mr. NESMITH, He maybe employed twenty
or thirty, and he may be employed three hundred
and sixty days. The truth is, an officer occu-
pying a position in an Indian country is neces-
sarily compelled to have an interpreter within his
reach at all times. A person employed in that
capacity mqst necessarily have a fixed, annual
salary. Otherwise, he goes off to attend to other
business, and sometimes, where his services are
most essential, there is no interpreter present.
This salary is given as full compensation for his
annual service, in order to keep him constantly
on the spot, where he can be reached by the
superintendent or agent at the time his services
are required. He may be employed very little,
and he may be employed nearly all the time. I
have known interpreters to receive a salary of
$500, when, perhaps, they were not employed
twenty days in the year—that is, actually em-
ployed in interpreting; but they had to remain
there, in order to be present when they were
wanted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have here the letter of
the superintendent for Utah, James Duane Doty.
Speaking upon this subject, he says:
i( Competent and proper men cannot be employed in this
country lor this sum in this way."
That is the sum of $500 that is generally al-
lowed.
" Not a day has passed since my arrival here that I have
not been called upon by Sho&hone or Utah Indians, and
often by both; and there can be no doubt that the super-
intendent will require the aid of an interpreter in those
languages almost daily throughout, tiie year. These lan-
guages are spoken by few white men, and without a com-
petent and reliable interpreter it is impossible to hold satis-
factory communication vvnh the Indians, or be certain that
the interests and wishes of Government are faithfully rep-
resented. Five hundred dollars may bean adequate salary
for an interpreter in the vicinity of Missouri, where living
is cheap; but in this Teriitoiy more than duuble is paid for
all the necessaries of life beyond what is paid there. The
best men to whom I have applied to mterpretconsider their
services worth $1,000 a year. I would recommend that the
law be changed so as to authorize the superintendent to
cmplojfciiiterpreters for the Shoshone and Urah tribes for
such compensation as lie may. with the approbation of the
Commissioner, agree with them to pay, not exceeding
$1,000 per annum."
At other places you can readily find men who
speak the language, willing to be employed for
a smaller sum, and that is the reason, as I un-
derstand, that the distinction is made. These
Shoshones are a great and powerful tribe, lying
right between Utah and Oregon, on the route that
our emigrants travel. There is danger of a con-
flict with them, and we must hold intercourse with
them, and the superintendent must look after them.
It is necessary to make a treaty With them. The
Utahs are also a very powerful tribe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have we treaties with
any of them ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. None as yet with the
Shoshones. There is a proposition in this bill to
authorize the negotiation of a treaty with them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any with the
Utahs?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We have not asked for an
appropriation to make a treaty with the Utahs.
We have no treaty with them now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For interpreter for Utahs, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For interpreter lor Ruby Valley agency, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
Fot interpreter for Fort Bridger agency, $500,
The amendment was agreed to.
