1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For interpreter for Spanish Pork agency, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For presents of goods and clothing to Indians, to be ex-
pended by the superintendent of Indian affairs, $15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to reduce the
appropriation to $5,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, In relation to that 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will withdraw my mo-
tion for a moment, until I have heard the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to Utah, the
committee, on consideration, determined to allow
a still larger sum to the superintendent there than
they did either in Nevada or Colorado. The de-
partment has been asking and urging upon us, as
does the superintendent of Indian affairs in Utah
and the representatives from all these new Ter-
ritories, to make appropriations for the purpose
of negotiating treaties with these tribes of Indians.
They say they are surrounded by powerful and
wild tribes, and they want treaties made with
them in order to settle the boundary lines between
the whites and the Indians. These treaties we
know—such has been our history heretofore—in-
volve large expenditures. They bring with them
annual annuities at a cost of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, and sometimes even millions.
The committee have been disposed to resist all
these importunities. But for the purpose of en-
abling the superintendents of these Territories to
do something with the Indians, to conciliate them
by presents, to keep them at peace for the time
being, to carry the thing over and postpone as
long as possible the day when we must make these
treaties, the committee thought it was necessary
to make some appropriation; and as to Utah, we
propose to give them more than we did to the
other Territories, for the reason that the tribes
there are differently situated. The proposition
which met with the favor of the committee was to
place in the hands of the superintendent of Utah
§15,000, to be used according to the best of his
judgment in keeping the peace with these Indians.
We must either keep peace with them or fight
them; and if you fight them, it involves thousands
upon thousands of dollars. I have no doubt that
the. Senate made a great mistake years ago in re-
jecting the treaties made in California and Oregon.
I believe, as much as I believe anything that ! do
not know certainly, that if they had ratified the
treaties with the Indians in Oregon, we should
never have had the Oregon war and the Oregon
war debt which has cost us millions; but I do not
desire to dwell upon this subject. It is a matter,
of course, upon which we cannot know precisely
how much ought to be given, but we thought it
safe to trust this amount to the superintendent
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew my amendment
to strike down the appropriation in the amend-
ment to §5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For incidental expenses in Utah Territory, including
office and traveling expenses, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed fo.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For the purpose of npgotiafinsr a treaty with the Ohippe-
was of northern Minnesota, and the extinguishing of their
title to the land in that vicinity,or so much thereof as may
be needed for that purpose, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Seeietary of the Interior, $15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really do not feel exactly
as if I knew enough about these matters to make
much of a point upon them; but yet there ism :
my mind an impression that they are very wrong.
What do we want of fifteen or twenty thousand j
dollars to negotiate a treaty with a tribe of Indians j
for? 1 have been told on very good authority that \
very little ofthe large appropriations we generally 1
make to negotiate a treaty goes to the Indians, j
It goes to a lot of people who get together and jj
have a good time and divide the spoils and make ■!
the treaty, 1 was told this morning on veryirood jj
authouty, and the name of (he man was given to
me, that he was asked since he came into the city '!
by somebody to go in with him and use Ins in- 11
fluence to get an appropriation in this bill for ne-
gotiating a treaty through, " and then," said he,
" you shall have your part of the money." Now,
can anybody explain to me how twenty.orfifteen
thousand dollars is spent, and the items of ex-
penditure, in negotiating a treaty by somebody
sent by the Interior Department with a tribe of
Indians?
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator will permit
me, I will explain that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
very much.
Mr. NESMITH. I see that the Senator from
Minnesota is now in his seat. I proposed to make
the explanation in his,absence, but as he is here,
perhaps he is the more proper person to make it.
Mr. WILKINSON. This treaty has been called
for for two or three sessions past by the Depart-
ment of the Interior. It was asked for during the
administration of Mr. Buchanan. The facts are
these: there is, north of our line in Canada, what
is called the Selkirk settlement, a very large set-
tlement. Sir Robert Simpson came to the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota some three or four years ago
and represented that he had been in the habit of
bringing goods for that settlement from England
up through the Hudson bay, and transporting
them up the river at very great expense; but if the
people of Minnesota would put a steamboat on the
Red River ofthe North, which rises west, and not
more than one hundred miles north of St. An-
thony's Falls, and is navigable to Lake Winni-
peg, in Canada, and where there are about two
hundred miles of navigation in the territory ot
Minnesota, he would have all their goods landed
at New York, shipped through the United States,
and carried up that river. They did put a steam-
boat there, and we have a steamboat there now
on the Red River of the North, rising upon the
high lands, the dividing ridge between the North-
ern ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. They have
a steamboat there, the materials of which were
carried overland, and which runs two hundred
miles north from Minnesota up into the Selkirk
settlement. On these boats are transported all the
goods which the Hudson Bay Company bring
from Europe. They are transported from the city
of New York through our canals and over our
railroads, through Ohio, Illinois, and Wisconsin,
till they reach the Mississippi river at St. An-
thony, then one hundred miles by boat up the
river, and then across by teams up to the Red
River of the North, and then carried from there
up to the Selkirk settlement. We carry the Biit-
lsh mails that way as well as their goods.
There are about two thousand Indians up there
who have never been treated with by the Govern-
ment of the United States, and those Indians are
now annoying the owners of these boats. We
wish to make a treaty with them and securc the
lands along the line of that river, so that the chan-
nel ofcommunication shallbeunobstructed. They
have been levying contributions uporrthe owners
of these boats, and annoying them in various ways.
The Jast Administration asked for an appropria-
tion of twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars for
this purpose, and the present Secretary of the In-
terior asks for §20,000. I thought this treatycould
be made for $15,000. It is a small sum, but I think
it can be accomplished for that, for I believe these
matters can be carried out now cheaper than they
could a year or two ago.
The Senator from Maine, if I understood him
correctly, wanted to know why an appropriation
of this kind should be made for a treaty with the
Indians. It is this: no treaty can be made with
Indians who have not been treated with before
withcrut some presents. You must give them
blankets; you must give them medals; you must
subsist them while the negotiations arc going on,
and Indians will not make a treaty in a~ilay, nor
in two (lays, nor a week. You must have beef
thereto feed them, and blankets and trinkets to pay
them; and the place where this treaty will take
place i« some three or four hundred miles north of
St. Anthony. It is utterly impossible to make a
treaty with them unless you make them presents.
I think there has never been an appropriation
passed by this body so moderate, considering the
objects to be attained, as this one; and I myself,
although I was interested in itas it related to Min-
nesota, proposed that if should be cut down to
$15,UU0, as I thought it imghtpossibly be brought
about for that sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are these Indians within
our territory? - ^
Mr. WILKINSON. They are ail within our
own territory. They are along the line of the Red
river, in the State of Minnesota, and Dakota, on
the opposite side. This Red river is the dividing
line on the northwest between Minnesota and
Dakota. They are on both sides of th$t river.
There are about two thousand of them who have
never been treated with by the Government. The
Indians on this side and adjacent to them have
been treated with; but the others have never been,
I am sure that every Senator would vote for-this
appropriation if he understood all the circum-
stances connected with it. I am sure, also, that
there is not a penny to be made by anybody in
negotiating the treaty. It is utterly impossible.
The horses and teams to be hired to take men from
St. Paul up there, the expenses of the commis-
sioners employed to negotiate this treaty, and the
presents which it will be absolutely necessary to
pay these Indians, in order to induce them to make
the treaty, will cost every dollar of this appropria-
tion, and I do not know but more too,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any account ever
rendered of the way in which it is expended ?
Mr. WILKINSON. All I can say to the Sen-
ator about that is this: the Indian officers in the
State of Minnesota I know to be honest men, and
I know if they have anything to do with it they
will render an honest and correct account of every
dollar of money that goes into their hands. If the
Secretary of the Interior or the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs should seefittogo there andattend
to the matter personally, I feel confident that every
dollar will be accountcd for. I would not vote for
it if I did not think so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Minnesota whether there was
no tan appropriation for this very object last year?
Mr. WILKINSON. There was.
Mr. SHERMAN, What became of it?
Mr. WILKINSON. A wicked and corrupt
Administration appointed an incompetent man,
Goddard Bailey, and lie squandered the whole
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an exemplification
of what 1 have been saying, that we ought to look
into these things very carefully. At the special
request and the earnest efforts of the very popu-
lar and excellent Representative from Minnesota
in the HouseofRepresentativcs,CoIonel Ai.drich,
we made an appropriation for this object, and I
think for a fort up there among these Indians, of
$10,000. It seems that that money has gone, and
this may go tn the same way.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 have only to say in
answer to that, that I believe we have a worthy
President; I think we have worthy officersat the
head of this Government, and I trust the Secre-
tary of the Interior will not allow this money to
go into the hands of dishonest agents as the late
Administration did. If we cannot trust our offi-
cers, if because under the late Administration there
were thefts here, we must stop all appropriations,
we might as well abandon the Government atonce.
Mr. SHERMAN. What became of the agent?
Mr. WILKINSON. The agent was arrested
for abstracting §870,000 of bonds out of the safe
in the Interior Department. I do not apprehend
that any more of them will be taken out under
this Administration. I believe there is integrity
somewhere, although occasionally corrupt men
get into high places.
Mr. GRIMES. Because we make this appro-
priation, it does not follow that it will go into the
hands of any man like Goddard Baily. I do not
know under what rule he was appointed. I am
not very familiar with the manner of conducting
Indian business at this day; but twenty-six years
ago 1 commenced public life as the secretary of
an Indian commission, and I have been the secre-
tary of several commissions to purchase territory
ofthe Indians from that time to this. The way is
or used to be, for the Department here to appoint
a commissioner. Sometimes they appointed one
and sometimes they appointed three, who wentto
an Indian tribe to negotiate, and they had the dis-
posal of this money. The principal necessity for
appropriating money for these Indian tribes is to
furnish beef cattle upon which the Indian tribes
may subsist during the pendency of the treaty. I
never knew of any distribution of trinkets among
