1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
trial and adversity, having been performed, it
only remains for mo to thank the House for the
geneious extension of time they have given me.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. TRAIN, who moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Hutchins reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly a bill to regulate the frank-
ing privilege,and had come to no conclusion there-
0!1" MESSAGE EKOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Sccretaiy, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 201) to
provide for the occupation and cultivation of the
cotton and other lands in the possession of the
United States, lying along the southern coast of
the United States; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
And thereupon, on motion of Mr. COX, (at five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned till Monday
next.   
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 10, 1869.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of
a law legalizing the preemption entries of certain
lands in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MoDOUGALL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of California, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law authorizing the authorities of that
State to locate lands m lieu of sections reserved
for public uses or taken by private claims upon
any unappropriated public lands in the State, ex-
cept mineral lands; which were referred to the
Commitlee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed. _
He also presented resolutions of theLegisl^lire
of California, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route between Sail Fiancisco and ports in
China and Japan; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented resolutions of the Ho-
moeopathic Medical Society of New York, pray-
ing that homoeopathic physicians may be ap-
pointed in the Army and Navy; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented the petition of merchants,
traders, and citizens of the city of New York,
praying for th  passage of a general uniform bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of citizens of the
town of Holland, Erie county, New York, pray-
ing for the passage of a law allowing the New
York Caucasian, and all other Democratic papers
now excluded from the mails, in all the loyal
States, whose editors are not convicted of treason,
the same privileges enjoyed by Republican and
abolition papers; which was ordered'to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Paterson, New Jersey, praying for the total
abolition of slavery throughout the country, al-
lowing for emancipated slaves of such as are loyal
a fair pecuniary awaid as a conciliatory measure;
which was ordered to lie on the tabic.
He also [-.resented a petition from citizens of
Washtenaw county, Michigan, praying for the
total abolition of slavery throughout the country;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial from the Le-
gislature of the State of Minnesota, in favor of the
establishment of a daily mail route from La Cres-
cent, through Troy, Chatfield, Frankford,Grand
Meadow, Mower City, Lansing, Austin, and Al-
bert Lea, to Winnebogo City, in that State; which
was reieired to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the petition of
Duncan, Sherman & Co., and others,merchants,
bankers, &c., concerned in the trade between the
Atlantic States and the States on the Pacific, pray-
ing the Government to provide postal facilities be-
tween the East and California by steam vessels,
in addition to the overland mail; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented four petitions of citizens of
California, praying for the establishment of a semi-
monthly mail, by steamer, from San Francisco to
Crescent City, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of Robert Porter
and others, citizens of California, praying for the
establishment of postal facilities between the East
and California, by steam vessels, in addition to
the overland mail which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of George A.
Pendleton and others, citizens of California, pray-
ing for the establishment of an overland mail route
to California, through New Mexico; which waa
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HOWARD presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Michigan, residents of the copper-pio-
ducing region of Lake Superior, praying for the
construction of a military road from the copper
region of Lake Superiorto connect with the near-
est railway station at Appleton, Wisconsin; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of German citizens
of Detroit, Michigan, praying Congress to per-
mit no infringement of the freedom of the press;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LATHAM presented the petition ofGeorge
W. Johnson, praying compensation fordamages
sustained by him from the seizure and occupa-
tion of his land, at the cascades of the Columbia
river, by the trofips of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAY IS presented the memorial of Edward
Troye, praying Congress to purchase his paint-
ing of General Winfield Scott; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of a
general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Wis-
consin, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
TREATY TVITII IIANOYER.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 326) to fulfill treaty stipulations with Han-
over, have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to report it back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and as it is simply to carry
out a treaty which has already been ratified by
the Senate, I ask that it be acted on at once.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to appropriate the following sums to enable the
President to fulfill the. stipulations contained in
the third and fourth articles of the treaty between
the United States and Hanover, of the 6th of
November, 1861: to carry out the stipulations con-
tained in the third article, $43,454 16; to carry
out the stipulations contained in the fourth ar-
ticle, ยง1,042 90, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the inteiest provided for in that
article.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WESTERN MILITARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia to
report back House bill No. 148, with an amend-
ment of one word, and inasmuch as there is great
urgency, and it is a bill that passed the House of
Representatives some two months since, 1 hope
it will be put upon its passage. The object is to
secure the officers and men actually employed m
the western department, or the department of Mis-
souri, their pay, bounty, and pensions. 1 hey
were mustered in informally} and have been jn
service all the time and have done good service,
but thoy can get no pay. There is one case that
I may mention: Colonel G-rover was killed after his
property had been destroyed by the secessionists.
He was kilied in battle, and his widow and orphan
children are now among strangers, without a dol-
lar of support. They cannot even apply for a
pension until this bill shall pass.
There beingno objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 148) to securc to the officers and men
actually employed in the western department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension. It proposes to require the Secretary of
War to allow and pay to the officers, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, who
have been heretofore actually employed in the
military service of the United States, whether
mustered into actual service or not, where their
services were accepted and actually employed by
the generals who nave been in command of the
department of the West, or the department of
Missouri, the pay and bounty as incases of regu-
lar enlistment; and the officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, so employed,
who may have been wounded or incapacitated for
service, are to receive the pension allowed for such
disability. The heirs of those killed in battle, or
ofthose who mayhavedied from wounds received
while so employed, are to be allowed the bounty
and pay under existing laws; but the bounty al-
lowed to officers, non-commissioncd officers, mu-
sicians, and privates, their widows or heirs, is not
to be payable unless their term of enlistment be
of such duration as by existing laws would en-
title them to bounty. ^ *
The amendment of the Committee on Military
Affairs was to insert m the seventh line of the third
section, after the word "enlistment," the words
" and service;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That the bounty herein allowed to officers, non-
commissioned officer^, musicians, and privates, their wid-
ows or heirs, shall not he payable unless their term of en-
listment and ppi vice be of such duration as by existing laws
would entitle them to bounty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARL1LE. 1 move further to amend the
bill by inserting after the words 44 department of
the West," the words, " and also the department
of Western Virginia," so that the bill will include
my State, and provide for the payment of some
four hundred and fifty or five hundred persons,
who were in the formation ofa regiment, and were
stationed at Guyandotte at the time they were cap-
tured by the rebel forces, and are now in prison
in the city of Richmond. Of those who thus en-
listed, many were not only citizens of our own
State, but some were citizens of our neighboring
Stateof Ohio. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to the adoption of my amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I cannot consent to
have any amendment placed on this bill. I will
vote for the gentleman's proposition in a separate
bill after it passes the appropriate committee, and
is reported by them.
Mr. CARLILE. The proposition I make merely
enlarges his bill, and gives to those who were en-
listed in the service in the State of Virginia that
which he proposes by this bill to give to those m
the department of the West. i can see no possible
objection to it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It may be all right,
and doubtless is; but at the same time this bill has
passed the scrutiny of two committees, and wo
know precisely who are embraced in it. We do
not know the circumstances under which those
Virginians were enlisted and mustered in , nor the
time of their service, or anything of that kind. It
seems to me it ought to be referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. In addition to what has been
said by the gentleman from Virginia, I will state
that some volunteers from Ohio who had not been
mustered into service, but were enlisted as State
volunteers, and who would have been mustered
into service shortly, wont over to the, Guyandotte-
skirmish and some of them were taken prisoners;
some of them were killed; anion!!; the rest,I think,
a surgeon and some officers. Under the law they
have not been able to get any pay; and if pay is
given to any class of persons who have served in
our Army without being regularly mustered into
service, certainly they ousht to be embraced.
Mi.LAHE.o'flndiano. This bill, I understand,
does not embrace that class of cases. This applies
