8052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objection,
tlie amendment will be received.
Mr. WALL. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection comes too late.
Mr. WARD. I have explained to the com-
mittee the object and the necessity there is for
the adoption of the amendment. 1 should be grati-
fied to near any remarks the gentleman may be
pleased to make upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to me
that this is an article upon which we may very
properly collect a considerable amount of re venue.
1 am in favor of doing it, and I am in favor of be-
ginning now. If, however.it shall be ascertained
that the duty fixed in the bill is too high, the Sen-
ate can change it. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York will not
be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
in line nine, page 29, by striking out, after the
word " enumerated," the woids " used for coul-
age;" so that the clause will read:
On jute, MMtl ::iass. Kim hemp, coir, and other vegetable
sulKtanees not enumerated, (except llax, tow of flax, Uus-
sia ami MaiiiiU hemp, and cedilla, or tow of hemp,)
per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
in lines sixty-nine and seventy, page 33, by strik-
ing out, after the word " preserves," the words
" or other articles;" so that the clause will read:
Oil porcelain atul Uuheminn gUsi, glass ervstals for
watches J)"11 n 11iiLT-- on glass "r glasses, pebbles for specta-
cles, and all manulneturcs of glass, or of which glass shall
he «component material, eteept ciown, cylinder,and oilier
window glass,not otherwise provided for, and allglass bot-
tles or jars I'lileil with sweetmeats orpieserves, 3i pei cent.
ad valorem'
The amendment was agreed to.
Me. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to sub-
mit another amendment, and to explain why it
is necessary. The other day the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means proposed an
amendment which was inserted in the wrong place
in the bill. The amendment was also imperfect
in the tact that it did not embrace all that was in-
tended to beenumerated. The amendment which
I send to the Clerk's desk, therefore, is intended
tts a substitute for that offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania the other day, and to be in-
serted in the proper placo in the bill. I move the
following:
On soaps, tltney, scented,honev,cream, and transparent,
and on all descriptions of toilet and slmvliift soaps, a cents
par pound; on nil other soap 5 per cent, ail valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVcrmont. [ move to amend,
after line one hundred and two, page 37, by in-
8«rting the words "medicinal preparations not
otherwise provided for" in the clause of the hill
for which an addition of 5 per cent, is imposed
upon the present duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by adding after the following clause:
Provided, Tlmi If there bo no consul or commercial agent
of tlie United States In the said district, the verification
heie.hy requited shall he made by the consul or eommeieial
agent of the United States at the nearest point, or at the
port tram which the goods are shipped, in which case the
oath thall be administered by some public officer, duly au-
thorized to administer oaths, and transmitted, xviih n copy
ot themvolee, to the consul or commeiciai agent fur his au-
thentication,
As follows:
Ami this act shall be construed only to modirv and not
repeal the act Of March 1,1833, entitled « An act supple-
mentary to and to amend an act entitled' An act to regulate
the collection of duties on imports and tonnage,' passed 2d
March, I7J0, and for other put poses," and the forms of tlie
oaths therein set forth shall be modified accordingly.
Mr. WARD. I will ask the member from Ver-
mont what are the provisions of the acts referred
to, and what is the form of oath prescribed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is almost too
long- to read. I have the statutes here and will
show the chapter to the gentleman if he desires to
read i t.
Mr. WARD. I have no time to read it. I put
the inquiry because I regard the whole section as
very objectionable. I moved the other day to
strike out the wholo section. I believe it will be
very oppressive to tlie commercial interest of the
country, I desire, therefore, to understand what
will be effected by the amendment which the gen-
tleman now proposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The effect of it
is to require all importers, whether at home or
abroad, to have their invoices authenticated.
Mr. WARD. The effect, as I understand it,
is just this: that the owner who, perhaps, resides
in New York, must have his oath authenticated
abroad, either through himself or his agent, before
the proper officers. Now, sir, it is well known
by every gentleman interested in commerce that
there are many importing merchants in New York
of very high character who have no agents in for-
eign countries. They send their orders to persons
residingabroad without the intervention ofany in-
termediate person. The effect of this section, as I
understand it, is to impose upon every importing
merchant in New York and elsewhere the neces-
sity of having an a^ent abroad, or he must impose
upon the sellci the duty of making this oath and
obtaining a certificate.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are many points
from which importations are made, that are too
unimportant for the Government to employ a con-
sular ngent therein. In such cases the necessity
would be involved of sending the oath to some dis-
tant point for verification, causing great delay, al-
though it may be of the utmost importance that
there should be none.
There is another suggestion which I presented
the other day, in connection with this subject, to
which I again ask the attention of the committee.
It is, that the requirement of this provision will
add no force to existing regulations in respect to
authentication in New York or at the point to
which the goods are shipped. It is true an oath
may be made by a person abroad and not within
the jurisdiction of any of the United States, which
may he false; but it will be utterly out of our power
to inflict any punishment for that false oath. You
will thus perceive that no practical good can result
from the adoption of this section, even as it is pro-
posed to be. amended, but great injury and embar-
rassment will result to the importer in New York
from its adoption. It is now required that the
owner shall make his oath, or if the goods are con-
signed, the certificate of the consular agent is re-
quired; and it seems to me that that is all that is
needed.
If the honorable gentleman from Vermont, who
is so fearful lest false oaths may be made abroad,
could bring such persons within the jurisdiction
of the United States there might be some good
reason for the amendment. It is true beyond ques-
tion that frauds are sometimes commuted, but it
is also true that it is almost impossible to punish
them under the existing or any other law. Frauds
will be committed upon tlie Government. It is
our duty to prevent them if we can, but it is not
our duty to impose such onerous restrictions upon
commerce as this section of the bill imposes with-
out accomplishing that end. It seems to mo that
the honorable member from Vermont cannot de-
fend this section on any grounds beneficial to the
United States. It is said that it imposes an addi-
tional oath; but of what good is that? The oath
is taken abroad, and gives no additional security
to the Government, while it will prove a great
embarrassment and inconvenience to the mercan-
tile interest. In my judgment there is no section
in the bill which, while so unimportant and use-
less to the Government, inflicts so much injury on
the importer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then, for the
purpose of saying a word in reply to the gentle-
man from New York, I move to amend my amend-
ment by striking out the last word. The argument
of the gentleman from New York goes to the ex-
tent of the policy of the entire section rather than
to the amendment proposed by me. As I stated
on a former occasion, the application of the law
of 1823 applies only to ad valorem goods. Goods
imported under specific duties arg not embraced
at all in that actof Congress. It is therefore ne-
cessary to have some provision of this sort. The
section, as drawn up, has been submitted to the
Department and approved by it. The Department
has constant complaints of the practice almost
generally followed by foreign manufacturers and
foreign consignors of goods, of underrating them.
I believe that this section will be hailed with gen-
eral approval by the gentleman's own constitu-
ents. 1 know that one of the most respectable
merchants of the city of New York, and as largely
engaged in the importation of foreign goods as
any other man there, approves of it cordially.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not see that there is
any means of inflicting a penalty for the crime of
perjury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is an argu-
ment which goes against the practice of adminis-
tering oaths at all;and I do not see that ithasthe
slightest application to this matter.
Mr. MAYNARD. In most cases there is a pun-
ishment provided for violation of oaths. My ob-
jection to this amendment is, that the oath pro-
vided for is to be taken abroad, and there is no
tribunal by which a penalty can be imposed. That
is the objection to it.
Theamendmentto theamendment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I desire to propose some amend-
ments, recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means, in regard to sugars, and I will first
explain them. The amendments are, to strike
out " two and three quarters," in the fifteenth line
of page 2, and insert " three;" so as to make the
duty on all sugar above No. 12 and not aboveNo.
15,Dutch standard in color, 3 cents per pound; to
insert after the word "fifteen," inthe seventeenth
line, the words " not stove dried, "and to strikeout
" three," in the eighteenth line, and insert " four;"
so as to make it read, " on all sugar above No. 15,
not stove dried, and not above No. 20, Dutch
standard in color, 4 cents per pound."
The object of inserting the article of sugar in
this bill is not to increase the duties on it, but to
change the wording of the law so as to conform to
the actual conditions of trade. In previous taiiffs
the old wording has been followed, which made
three divisions only in sugar; the raw sugar, the
clayed sugar, and the refined sugar; but in the
progress of science, the preparation of sugar has
improved and changed so much that to conform
to the actual conditions of the trade this different
wording is necessary.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. In order to make
the duty on spices correspond, I move to amend
by striking out "six" and inserting "eight," and
by striking out "eight" and inserting "ten;" so
as to make the clause read," pimento, 8 cents per
pound; when ground, 10 cents per pound."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting,
at the close of the thirteenth section, the following
new section:
Sec. 14. Jlnd he it further enacted, Tli.it fiom and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on all goods, wares, and merchandise of the
giowtli or produce of countries beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, when imported from places this side of the Cape of
Good Hope, a duty of 10 per cent ad valorem, and in addition
to the duties imposed 011 any such articles when imported
direct from tiie place or places of iheir growth or pioduc-
tion.
I will only remark, in rcspect to this amend-
ment that such a provision has been always in the
tariff law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to fill the blank in
the 1st page of the hill by inserting " 1st day of
August" as the day on which the law is to go
into effect.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I hope the time will not
be postponed till the 1st of August. Persons may
order goods and procure their arrival before that
time, thereby evading the payment of additional
duties. It seems to me that the time ought not to
be so far distantas that merchants can order goods
from abroad and have them brought in under the
present tariff. I should think that twenty days
after the passage of this act would be sufficiently
long.
Mr. STEVENS. I suspect that the 1st of Au-
gust will not be more than twenty days after the
passage of this bill. The tax bill goes into oper-
ation on the 1st of August, and I think the same
date had better be fixed for this bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting " the 20th of July," in-
stead of " the 1st of August."
The amend ment to the amend men t was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
