110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
of Samuel Norris be taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
It is an adverse report of the Court of Claims,
which addresses itself to the equity of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been any
adverse report by a committee of the Senate?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
CONDUCT OV THE WAR.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the President
of the Senate be authorized to appoint the com-
mittee which was created a few days since by the
adoption of a jointresolution. I donotknow what
the parliamentary usag:e may be in a case of this
kind. ^ If that usage should give me the position
of chairman of that committee, I wish to say that,
under the circumstances, 1 do not wish to accept
it; I do not know that it does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Chair be authorized to appoint the committee,-
on the part of the Senate, under the concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives and
Senate, to investigate the conduct of the present
war.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wade,
Mr. Chandler, and Diir. Johnson of Tennessee,
were appointed on the part of the Senate.
HE PORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee -on the
Library, to whom was referred the memorial of
John Brannan, praying compensation for services
as librarian in the Department of State, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referiud to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of II.
Hubby and others, of San Diego county, Cali-
foinia, praying that the present rebellion may be
quelled; in favor of reopening the slave trade; in
favor of abolishing the present tariff, and substi-
tuting therefor direct taxation for the support of
the Orovemment; in favor of a modification of the
present laws for the sale of the public lands of the
United States; in favor of assessing ail internal
improvements; in favor of protecting our manu-
factories by preventing foreign goods being sold;
and in favor of occupying the torrid zone; asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S.No.80) to amend the act to incorporate the
Columbia Institution for the instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, and to make ap-
propriations for the benefit thereof, reported it
with an amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committer on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whotf was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 101) to increase the number
of cadets in the Military Academy at West Point,
reported it with an amendment, with a rccom-
D°rn Umt thc biil be Passed as amended.
Mr. RICE, fioiri the Committee on Military
/os at i ^llltia>to whom was referred the
bill (6. No. *7) to abolish the distinction between
the regular and volunteer forces of the United
otates, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. McDOUGALL, asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. i
112) to authorize a change of appropriation for the !
Indian service; which was read twice by its title li
and iyfeiTeil to the Committee on Indian Affairs.' i!
Mi. DlXON asked, and by unanimous consent H
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No 1131 i
relating to the judiciary; which was read twice >1
by lU title, and referred to the Committee on the !
Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
115) in relation to landlords and tenants in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
bakery at the capitol.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Public Buildings be
instructed tn inform the Senate by vvhe-e dnection, and
uuder what authority, a portion of the national Capitol has
been converted into a baking establishment for the Army;
and also to inform the Senate of the natuie and extent of
the injmy. it any, to the Capitol building und grounds, and
what will be the eost of repamag such injury; and also
v\ hether any existing emergency requites the continuance
of such baking establishment in the Capitol.
surrender of fugitive slaves.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
thc Militia be directed to consider the expediency of pro-
viding, by additional legislation, that our national armies
shall not be employed in the suriendei ot fugitive slaves.
Mr. McDOUGALL objected to the present con-
sideration of the resolution, and it lies over under
the rule.
passports to california.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer a resolution, and ask
for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to m- :
form the Senate by virtue of what law, or lor what iea^on :
pa-s-poits ar,% requned of passengers going direct hom New
lork city to San Francisco, California.
I desire, Mr. President, before the question is
put on the adoption of the icsohuion ■ i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first thing is I
| to ascertain if there be any objection to the recep- ;
tion of the resolution. !
Mr. LATHAM. Ishouldliketomakeastate- '
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to considering the resolution, and the
question is on agreeing to"thc resolution.
Mr. CLARK. Objection was made here.
1 he "V ICE PRESIDENT. Then it is not com-
petent to debate it, because that would open the
discussion and would necessarily obviate the lule.
The resolution lies over, objection being made.
army appointments.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following res-
olution:
Wherein it is represented to thc Senate by Senators, that
, the honorable the Secretary of War has refused to enter-
j tain or coimidci the subject ot appointment? to be made to
the Armv, until the Ai my appointments already sent to the
benate shall have been acted upon: Therefore,
Resohci, That the honorable fiecretdiv of War be di-
rected to inform the Senate whether oi not any s uch rule
has been adopted m Ins Department, and if so, liis icasons
therefoi, aKo his auihoui).
Mr. WILSON, Mr. HALE, and others. Let
it he over.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senate will allow
me to say one thing. There is a preamble assert-
ing a fact, which I affirm myself,and my colleague
does also. I say this in order that it may be un- 1
derstood. I do not propose to ask for action on
the resolution to-day; but I want it to be consid- !
ered by the Senate. :
The resolution lies over under the rule.
Mi. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
it'l Jicf P t0 f)r,°Yldfi for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee 011 Foreign
Relations. ®
general Patterson's campaign.
Mr. SHERMAN" submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Remit a! That the Soeiota.y of War he requeued, if not
incom]):mliie With tin: public mtere-t. to fumWi the Senate
tl10 ''"""-poiulmice between Lieutenant
x n ial oeott and .Jajoi (reneial PuU-imdii. and with all
OKiers loiu the formei to the kutei, fiom the lGt'i dav or'
April, I80I, to tiie £jth day of July, inclusive.
distribution of documents.
Mi. ANXHONY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That all liooks and doeument-s heretofore or-
deied to be printed and allotted, hut not delivered to Serm-
l°mi ,&t!Ur i1"'!1 llave onnttcd to bl' 'cpiesented m the
he di-tribiiicd umon<r the iViMtors attendui".
_ Air. PEARCE. 1 would thank the Senator to
inform us what these documents and works lire.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thc documents that were
printed at the second session of thc last Congress,
that were allotted to Senators that have left the
.Senate or been expelled, which are now lumber-
ing up the document rooms, and which are of very
temporary value. If they are not distributed now,
they will be of very little use probably by thc time
Senators ftom those States return to take their
seats here. The proposition is to distribute them
among Senators attending.
Mr. PEARCE. If it be limited to documents
of the last Congress, I shall make no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. Theresolution reads: "doc-
uments heretofore ordered to be printed.1' I sup-
pose the terms of the resolution would include those
that have been ordered to be printed at the present
session.
Mr. PEARCE. If it is proposed to include
documents that were printed twenty or thirty
years ago, as to which the Senate has heretofore
had so much difficulty, I shall object. I wish the
Senator would let his resolution he ovei until to-
morrow, so that T may inquire into it. I should
make no objection to it if it were limited to those
documents recently ordered to be printed, and of
which extra numbers are now lying useless.
Mr. ANTHONY. That was the object of the
resolution; but the language of it may include
documents printed twenty or thirty years a<*o,
which was not my intention. I have no objec-
tion to its laying over, or to its being altered to
suit the Senator from Maryland.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlie resolution will
lie over.
winter quarters for troops.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
following resolution, offered yesterday by Mr.
Laxe, of Kansas, was now before the Senate for
consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be iequc-ted to fur-
ni*b to the Senate copies ot' itie oitjois direct'in* the erec-
tion ot b.inacks and oilier buildings lor winter quaileis for
tlie Kansas troops.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President,'! do
not desire to conceal my motive in introducing
this resolution. As a citizen and a Senator, I
have the right of criticising the acts of the Gov-
ernment; and I mean to exercise it with the full
flush of a truthful patriotism—kindly but fear-
lessly, cordially but searchingly.
I will waste 110 words. I do not wish uselessly
to consume your time. But the hour is, when
truth should be spoken in these Halls, and that
plainly. I declarc then, as a fact winch all finan-
ciers will admit and no statesman dispute, that
every day's delay in the vigorous prosecution of
this war, is pregnant with peril to the Republic.
Sit, this is a war of thc people. When Sumter
fell, they became a unit. Party prejudices veie
scattered, personal hates forgotten. Roused by
their wrongs, they proffered their stiength and
pledged all their resources to avenge an injustice
which threatened to destroy the freest Govern-
ment of earth. Manassas followed; a fearful re-
verse, and seemingly a fatal defeat. But even that
dm not dash the spirit nor shake the put pose of
the people. The balk of the moment, the blood
and tieasure lost, only deepened their determina-
tion to crush out the conspiracy. Such unity,
such ardor, such sacrifices, the world has raiely
or never witnessed.
Sir, let me not be misunderstood in this matter
of delay. My confidence 111 the Administration
will not permit me for a moment, seriously to en-
tertain the injurious suspicion that this Army we
have created—so admnable in spirit and disci-
pline, so complete in all its appointments—this
magnificent organization, to which the count, v
nas contributed its choicest spirits, and on winch
it has lavished untold millions of treasure is ties-
tined, without one decisue blow struck, to a liv-
ing burial in the mglonous obscurity of winter
quarters. But should this confidence prove to be
misplaceu—should this fatal policy of inaction
seize upon thc energies of our rulers, I feci, I ,
know, that the public announcement of the (act
will be as thc fire-bell at midnight. Dismay and
confusion will follow; and the evils of anarchy
may interpose new and fearful obstacles to ihc
restoration of that Government whose chief peril
mus always result from the loss of confidence on
the part of the people.
Foitnnately the people are as intelligent as they
are patriotic. 1 hey do notieqnire impossibilities,
n01 insisv upon premature action. And thus we
