1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3053
Mr. LOOMIS. X desire to inquire of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether the first
amendment proposed to the act of March 2,1861,
in section eighteen, is designed to reduce the duty
on wool where the value at the port of exporta-
tion is below 18 cents per pound.'
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It unfortunately
happens, Mr. Chairman, that it is very difficult to
have a bill correctly engrossed when there are a
large number of amendments to it. Last session
we passed an act to amend the act of March 2, and
in the article of imported wool there was no pro-
vision made for duty on wool costing exactly 18
cents per pound. We had struck out the words "or
less" after wool at 18 cents per pound, and neg-
lected to strikeout the words "less than" before
that, as was intended to be done. This does not
change the duties on wool at all, but is merely
carrying into effect that act correctly.
Mr. LOOMIS. With great deference to the
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
submit that, unless another amendment be adopt-
ed, the effect of that amendment will be to subject
unmanufactured wool less than 18 cents perpound
to the duty imposed by section twenty-four of the
act of March 2, 1861.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOOMIS. Then X offer the following
amendment:
Section eighteen, page 42, at the end of the eighth line,
add these vvoids:
And at the end of section twenty-three of said act, insert,
" Wool, unmanufactured, and all hair of the goat, alpaca,
and other like animals, unmanufactured, the val ue whereof
at the last port or place from whence exported to the United
States shall bo less than 18 cents per pound."
These words were in the act of March 2,1861,
as it was first passed, but were subsequently
stricken out by a joint resolution passed during
the same session of Congress. If section twelve
of the act referred to be amended as proposed in
the bill before us, it will road as follows:
On all wool, unmanufactured, &c., the value whereof at
the lunt port or place from whence exported to the United
States shall bo 18 cents pei pound, 5 per cent ad valorem.
So that there will be no express provision left
in said act concerning unmanufactured wool be-
low 18 cents per pound in value. It therefore
leaves it subject to the duty provided for in sec-
tion twenty-four, which imposes upon all raw or
unmanufactured articles not enumerated or pro-
vided for, a duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem.
I read the section I refer to in the act of March
2, 1861:
" Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on the importation of all raw or unmanufactured
articles not herein enumerated or provided for, a duty of 10
per cent, ad valorem
The committee will therefore see that all raw
or unmanufactured articles imported, and not oth-
erwise provided for in that act, are subject to a
duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem, and wool under
18 cents per pound would come under this section.
But if the amendment I propose is adopted, it
will cure the difficulty which now exists, and
leave the bill just as the committee, I suppose,
intended it should be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire that the
House should properly understand this matter.
At the last session of Congress, we altered this
section so as to read, " on all wool unmanufac-
tured, and on all hair of the goat, &c., the value
of which shall be less than 18 cents." We in-
serted, after the words " less than 18 cents," the
words, " or less." If it be made to read " 18
cents or less," it will answer the purpose we have
in view. It will then make the language read
properly.
Mr. LOOMIS. I do not find the act the gen-
tleman from Vermont refers to. It seems to me
that, if you simply strike out the words " less
than," the effect would be that wool of a value
less than 18 cents per pound will have to pay 10
per cent.; while wool at just 18 cents will only
have to pay 5 per cent.
Mr. BINGHAM. Such will not be the effect
of the amendment, as the committee will see by
looking at the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
Page 43, section twenty, line two, after the word<c stores,"
insert "or bonded warehouses;" in line three, after the
word " subject," insert " to the same and;" in line four,
after the word "entry," insert "or withdrawal;" and hi
line eight, after the words " United States," insert the
words ,s or exportation therefromso that the paragraph
will read:
Sec.SO. Jindbcit. further enacted^ That all goods, wares,
and merchandise, which may be in the public stores or
bonded warehouses on the day and year aforesaid, shall be
subject to the same and to no other duty upon the entry or
withdrawal thereof than if the same were imported respect-
ively after that day: Provided, That all goods which now
aie or may be deposited in public store or bonded ware-
house after this act takes effect and goes into operation, if
designed for consumption in the United States or exporta-
tion therefrom, must be withdrawn therefrom, or the duties
thereon paid in three years after the same are deposited,
and goods designed for exportation and consumption in for-
eign countries may be withdrawn by the owner at any time
before the expiration of three years after the same are de-
posited, such goods, if not withdrawn in three years, to be
regarded as abandoned to the Government, and sold under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe, and the proceeds paid into the Treasury: Provided
further, That merchandise upon which duties have been
paid may remain in warehouse in custody of the officers of
the customs at the expense and risk of the owners of said
merchandise, and if exported directly from said custody to
a foreign country within three years, shall be entitled to re-
turn duties, proper evidence of such merchandise having
been landed abroad to be furnished to the collector by the
importer, 1 per cent, of said duties to fce retained by the
Government.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting for the words 44 or with-
drawals" the words "for consumption."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I accept that as
a modification of my amendment.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word " enacted" and before the
word " provided," in the first five lines of section twenty,
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That all good*, wares, and merchandise actually on ship-
board and bound to the United States, and all goods, wares,
and merchandise on deposit m bonded warehouses or pub-
lic stores, on the day and year aforesaid, shall be subject
to pay such duties as provided bylaw before and at the time
of the passage of this act.
Mr. Chairman, if I understand this subject, it
has been customary in all the Uuiff laws hereto-
fore enacted by Congress to insert a provision like
that of the amendment which I have just submit-
ted. It seems to me just and proper that such a
provision should bo made, and 1 do not see the
reason for its omission from this bill. If I am not
very much mistaken, this is the first time that it
has not been included in a tariff bill.
Now, sir, I hold that the Government of the
United States is under the same obligation as an
individual to act m good faith, and to carry out
the contracts into wiiich it has entered. That
every member must admit; yet, notwithstanding
that obligation which rests upon the Government,
here is a proposition to violate every just, equi-
table and honorable principle of public policy. It
is the first attempt ever made to have adopted such
a proposition like that reported to this House by
the Committee of Ways and Means. I hope that
my amendment will be adopted, and that the
House will adhere to the unvaried precedents of
the past.
It is well known that when goods are entered
for consumption, or entered and placed in bonded
warehouses, bonds are given. If I understand it,
there is, to a certain extent, an implied contract
between the Government of the United States and
the importer, and therefore I believe that we have
not the right to violate that contract by the adop-
tion of the provision which is now in the bill, and
which I move to strike out. It is proposed, not-
withstanding the importer has given his bond and
passed through all of the preliminary stages except
the mere payment of the dutv, to be paid when the
goods arc Withdrawn, that he shall pay an addi-
tional duty before he can withdraw them. It is pro-
posed, although he may now have his goods upon
the way to this country, or in the bonded ware-
houses or public stores, and in violation of theex-
isting law, that when he takes them out he shall
have to pay an additional duty. It violates the
lawunderwhich the goods were imported,and is,
I think, an act of bad faith on the part of the Gov-
ernment. Isoniy move to correct this manifest in-
justice by inserting in this bill a similar provision
to thatcontained in the actofMarch 2,1861. I move
that all goods, wares, and merchandise on ship-
board, or in the bonded warehouses or public
stores, shall pay only the duties existing at the
time when they were imported. It is, palpably,
a just provision.
This part of the bill is objectionable in other
respects. But we ask only justice. We ask that
the Government of the United States shall act in
good faith; that itshallnotonly carry out the letter
of the law, but the spiritand intention of the law;
that, in other words, these additional duties shall
not be imposed against existing law.
There is another serious objection to this mat-
ter, and an argument in favor of ther adoption of
my amendment: men of large wealth can com-
mand, of course, large sums of money, and they
will withdraw theirgoods before the 1st of August;
but there will be many who will be put to great
inconvenience to do that. If, however, the less
wealthy of the merchants do not withdraw their
goods from the bonded warehouses before the 1st
of August, they will have to pay additional duty.
It will be seen that it will make an unfair discrim-
ination between the rich importers and those who
are not so rich. One may be able to withdraw his
goods, and the other may not be able to withdraw
them. For one, I should be very reluctant to be-
lieve that the Government of the United States,
even in a crisis like this, would violate its good
faith. I hope, therefore, that my amendment will
be adopted. The Government will derive very lit-
tle benefit from this provision in the bill, because
there will be but a small amount of goods that will
not be withdrawn from the bonded warehouses
before the 1st of August. It will not leave import-
ers upon a fair ground of competition, and it
ought to be modified. And I will state further
that our faith is engaged not only between our
own citizens and the Government, but between
the Government and the merchants of friendly
nations. Many foreign dealers have consigned
theirgoods to this country, and they have done so
under the provision of the existing law which this
bill proposes, as I have shown, to violate. I do
not believe that this House will consent to adopt
any such unjust proposition, and in that confidence
I leave the question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the amendment
of the gentleman from New York will not prevail.
We have gone on the principle of imposing taxes
from the 1st day of August.
As long ago as three months, perhaps, when
the tax bill was reported to this House, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means distinctly stated, and
it went forth to the country through all the papers,
that we intended to impose an additional duty
upon imports equal to the tax which they had put
upon the domestic article. It was done by way
of compensation to domestic manufactures against
foreign importers. Now, that was known to all
the merchants, and they have no doubt made their
arrangements according to that announcement.
They have indeed had too long a time in which
to bring in goods under the old tariff, which goods
they now have in their own houses, and which
will be exempt from theequivalent tax which our
people are to pay upon the same articles on the
1st of August next.
But there is no reason whygoodson shipboard
should be exempt from this tax, nor why goods
m the bonded warehouses should be exempt.
Goods brought into this country and put into our
warehouses have paid no duty whatever. They
were deposited there without the payment of a
cent of duty, and at any moment between this
time and the last day of this month they can all be
withdrawn. They can be withdrawn upon the
payment of the old duty.
But if the owners prefer to allow such goods to
remain m the warehouses and not pay the cus-
toms to the Government when the Government is
in need of it as much as it is now, they ought to
pay what the new duty shall be when this act goes
into effect. Now, I know very well that the law
of England for agreat many years has been thatall
goods in bonded warehouses and public stores shall
pay the new duty which is imposed, no matter what
it be. And, sir, on everything which we export
to Great Britain wc pay cash duties now. We
export hardly anything but grain, but all that
pays cash duty. Neither grain nor any of our
exports are subject to the warehouse system at all.
We have none of the advantages which we have
given to foreigners in regard to goods which are
brought into this country and put into our bonded
warehouses. I can therefore see no reason why
these goods should not pay the duties imposed
upon them at the time this act goes into effect. The
only question is whether we have not given these
importers too long a time by extending it to the
1st of August, for they might now send to any
