1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILKINSON. The item of $18,970 07
is all in a nut-shell. The late agent kept that
money, which belonged to the Indians.
Mr. ANTHONY. Did he not give bond?
Mr. WILKINSON. He did give bond in the
usual form; but this money belongs to the Indians,
and should be paid to them. There is no argu-
ment necessary about it. The question is whether
the Government is in duty bound to pay what
belongs to the Indians whether the agents steal it
or keep it, or not.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For salary of an agent for tlie Grand Rivor and Uintah
bands of Ute Indians in Colorado Territory, §1,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, This is a provision for an
agent to be located with the Indians, who are put
on a large new reservation in Colorado.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there atreaty with them ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is not a treaty with
the Uintahs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to be explained.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let if be passed over for
the present. The next amendment which imme-
diately follows is one that will attract the atten-
tion of the Senate for a little time. We can go on
with that, and in the mean time I will look into
this matter, ascertain the precise facts, and inform
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the time being, if
such be the pleasure of the Senate. The next
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
For the payment, in lieu of interest, on §870,000, on ab-
stracted bonds up to and including the interest payable July
1, 1863, $131,400.
Mr. WILKINSON. The amendment which
is proposed here, and the one which follows it, for
the payment of the interest on §1,750,000 of non-
paying stocks, I wish to make some few remarks
upon, as they are very nearly connected. What
I shall say will apply to both. I have given this
subject my very careful attention, and attempted
to find out all the facts I can in relation to it; and
I will say here that the Senator from Ohio was.
mistaken in supposing that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs had agreed to these two amendments.
The committee have not agreed to them, but agreed
that they should be reported here as an estimate
of the Department.
The Government commenced, under John C.
Calhoun, to provide for investing money for the
Indians, in 1819. For a time they invested in
interest-paying stocks. The treaty under which
the first of these investments was made used this
language, that the sum hereby due to the Indians,
(the Cherokee Indians,) growing out of the sale of
their lands, should be secured to them " in United
States or other safe stocks." The other treaties
under which these investments have been made,
have generally used this language—I will not refer
to them all in detail—" good, safe stocks or se-
curities." We required, by law, that they should
be invested in Government securities. They com-
menced, however, about the year 1850 to invest
the moneys of tiie Indians in State stocks, and a
most wonderful state of things is tound to exist
in looking over the real transaction, as it is shown
by a reference to the record. About three mil-
lions of dollars of money due to the Indians ure
invested in stocks of the different States, and most
of it in stocks of southern States, and if the Sen-
ate will have patience with me, I should like to
refer to that matter, as I think it may be of some
interest that it should be spread upon the records
of the Senate. I have an abstract here which I
caused to be made, showing what officers did this;
who had the control of this matter at the time these
funds were invested. In 1851 there was invested
in the secuuties of northern States, $134,000, in
the securities of southern States, and, in some in-
stances, in those of southern cities, §1,492,892.
In 1855, while Mr. Manypeni'.y was Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, the amount of northern
securities ran up to £390,970, and these lan up in
consequence of his taking ^150,000 ofOhio stocks;
I believe he was an Ohio man. At this same time
the southern securities had run up to §2,847,911.
And in I860 the securities held from northern Slates
were $316,000,and southern States §2,828,911 82.
In 1841, under the administration of President
Tyler, Congress passed a law declaring—
" That all other funds held in trust by the'United States,
and the annual interest accruing thereon, when not other-
wise required by treaty, shall iu like manner be invested
in stocks; of the United States, bearing a like rate of inter-
est."
This was the second section of the act to pro-
vide for the support of the Military Academy of
the United States. Here was a positive law passed
in 1841, before most of these moneys were in-
vested in southern securities, absolutely requiring
them to be invested in the stocks of the United
States. I have before me a report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs of the date of October
31, 1853, written by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to the Secretary of the Interior to show
him how he can get around this law of Congress
and invest this money in the stocks of the differ-
ent States. He argues that it is much better for
the Indians because the United States stocks are
above par, and if they can turn them over to the
Government and invest them in State stocks at par,
the Indians will get so much more interest; and
he also states that he thinks this law of Congress
is void because many of these treaties were made
before the law was passed.
I wish to refer to an abstract which I have here
showing the amount of these bonds due to each
tribe, though it is notexactly pertinentto the case.
I wish it understood that I am opposed to paying
the Cherokee Indians one dollar, either for inter-
est on this fund or any other, I met Hon. Mr.
Puelps, of Missouri, the other day, who was at
the battle of Pea Ridge. I asked him how many
of the southern Indians were there engaged—and
by the way, I will say here that most of this money
is due to the Indians in the Indian Territory, most
of whom have been in this war against the United
States. Hon. Mr. Phelps gave me this state-
ment: that the Cherokees had at Pea Ridge one
regiment; they also had another regiment organ-
ized under Albert Pike, but they refused to go
out of their Territory, but were organized to re-
sist the Government forces if they should go to
them; the Choctaw Indians had one regiment of
about eight companies; three or four battalions of
Creeks were there, and one battalion of Chicka-
saws, and some Seminoles, but they were united
with the Creeks.
Of this amount of $131,400 to pay interest on
the abstracted bonds, and $255,870 to pay the in-
terest on non-paying stocks, let us see what the
Cherokees claim. The Cherokee national fund
is invested as follows: In Florida coupon bonds,
$7,000; in Georgia bonds, $1,500; in Noith Car-
olina bonds, $7,000; in South Carolina bonds,
$117,000; in Tennessee certificates, $125,000; in
Virginia bonds, $90,000; in Louisiana bonds,
$7,000. AH their securities are in southern stocks,
amounting to*$354,500. That is their national
fund. These are the stocks now on hand belong-
ing to this fund, all of them non-paying, for the
interest on which an appropriation is now asked.
This investment was made in pursuance of a
treaty of the date of December 29, 1835. The
tenth article provided that the President should
invest in some safe and producing stocks of the
country for the benefit of the Indians. The amount
of funds abstracted belonging to this fund, in ad-
dition to the above, is $68,000, making in all of
this fund, the Cherokee national fund, for which
interest is now asked: on hand, $354,500; ot ab-
stracted bonds, $63,000—a total of $423,500. The
Cherokee orphan fund, belonging to these same
Indians, is $45,000; and this $45,000 is secured in
the stocks of the city of Wheeling.
The total amount for which interest is asked for
the Cherokee Indians is as follows: their national
fund abstracted bonds,$68,000; non-paying bonds
ofseeedingStates,$354,500;theirorphanfundnon-
paymg stocks,$45,000; then school fund,abstract-
ed, $15,000. and non-paying $173,000, making a
total ot $655,500. The interest asked for all these
different items is $98,860. This sum of $98,860
due to the Cherokee Indiansfor interest, itstrikes
mc,ought not to be paid any more than you would
pay interest to jefferson Davis or Robert Toombs.
Of tins sum, $86,185 is for interest on stocks now
on hand in the Interior Department, and $12,675
for interest upon stocks that were_ due to these
Indians belonging to them, and which have been
abstracted. This poitiou oftheappropriation,it
is very clear to me, ought not to be paid. These
Indians, as I stated before, as Mr. Phelps in-
formed me, had a full regiment at Pea Ridge,and
they had another regiment organized at home to
resist the Government forces if they should come
through there. It strikes me that we might as
well set the precedent here and now of refusing
to pay these Indians, as well as some others that
I shall mention, until the question of'their alle-
giance and fidelity to the Government'is fully
settled.
The Choctaw Indians, nearly in the safne' po-
sition, have the following funds: The school fund
invested by the United States for these 'Indians
amounts to $98,391 71, of which ther^-are in Mis-
souri six per cents $19,000; in United States
stocks $79,391 71. These Missouri bonds are set
down in this estimate as non-paying, I do not
know why they should be called non-paying any
more than the stocks of other States, for Missouri,
while she has undoubtedly suffered very much in
this war, will, I suppose, be as able to pay the
interest on her State debt as most of the other
States. The estimate of the Secretary of the In-
terior asks an appropriation to meet the interest
on $19,000 of Missouri bonds, as being non-pay-
ing, amounting to $2,850.
The general fund of the Choctaw Indians is in-
vested as follows: in Missouri sixes, $2,000; in
United States sixes, $1,734 71, and in Virginia
bonds, $450,000. Of this sum there is non-pay-
mg, as estimated by the Secretary of the Interior,
$452,000, and theinterestestimatedforis$67,800.
The interest on the school fund, as I have stated,
is $2,850, amounting in the aggregate to $70,650
due the Choctaws for interest. They also were
at Pea Ridge; they had their regiment there.
Nearly one hundred and sixty thousand dollars
of this appropriation is for these two tribes of In-
dians. For the same reason that I would not pay
the Cherokee Indians a cent, I would refuse to
the Choctaw Indians under the circumstances.
Then come the Delaware I ndians, who are loyal,
and as to them it is a different question altogether.
The fund of the Delaware Indians invested by the
United States amounts to $916,594 53. Of this
all is regarded as either abstracted or non-paying
except $150,000 of Ohio sixes, $50,000 of Penn-
sylvania's, $5,594 53 of United States sixes, mak<
ing $205,594 53 for which interest is not asked,
leaving either abstracted or non-paying bonds to
the amount of $711,000. This fund was invested
under the provisions $f a treaty of the 6th of May,
1854. The language of that treaty is that the
President shall invest ccrtain funds for this nation
in "safe and profitable stocks," the principal to
remain unimpaired and the interest to be applied
annually to certain purposes for the Indians. The
relation which these Indians bear to the United
States is essentially different from that of the Cher-
okees and Choctaws; and yet it may be well to
consider whether it is wise for the Government at
this time to advance the interest on the non-pay-
ing stocks which have been purchased for the
benefit of these Indians, or whether it would be
better to let the matter rest for the present, par-
ticularly as this nation is not in the immediate
want of the money, and the delay in payment is
not owing to any fault of the Government but to
the people of those States whose funds are now
held in trust for the Indians. The abstraction of
certain bonds is an act for which the Government,
1 think, should be held liable, and so far as re-
lates to them the Indians should be indemnified,
By referring to the facts of the case it appears
very evident now, and no Senator can look at the
record without becoming convinced, that from
1855 to the present time, there has been a fixed
plan to turn all the money that has aiisen from
treaties with the Indians, and from the sale^of In-
dian lands, over into the southern States. I4 lorida
bonds have been bought at above par. Enormous
amounts of money have undoubtedly been made
by the officers who have negotiated these trans-
actions, in the purchase of these stocks. I may
refer, for the purpose of illustration, to one trans-
action to show the way in which these stocks have
heen purchased. Of the Flotida coupon bonds
bought for the Cherokee nation, $14,000 weie
bought at par, and at one time $59,098 was paid
for $59,000 of Florida bonds, an advance of $693
above the par value, and in no instance were these
Florida bonds bought for less than their face.
Bonds of the city of Wheeling were bought. I
do not know what there is about that city that
