112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17.
Senate. I have sat here and Imve been mortified,
arid my heart has sunk within me at seeing the
precious moments consumed in slavery agitation
m this body. May we not reasonably charge to
this unwarranted agitation of a subject which is
beyond the jurisdiction of the Congress of the
United States, if it regards its constitutional obli-
gations, the very troubles that now stare us in the
face? To the existence of an institution solemnly
protected and guarded by the authors of the Con-
stitution, gentlemen would attribute the wicked
conspiracy that has culminated in this most stu-
pendous rebellion. It is a charge reflecting upon
the wisdom and the patriotism of the founders of
the Government. This rebellion has its origin in
motives beyond, outside of the question of sla-
very. That has been used, I grant you, as the
pretext by the authors of the rebellion, in order
to obtain the physical power necessary to enable
them to attempt the accomplishment of their un-
holy purposes; but it seems to me that it must
strike every thinking mind that it is not the cause.
If this is to be a war for the liberation of the'
slaves, it will not be a constitutional struggle for
the maintenance of the Union and the rights of
the people and of the States under it, but it would
then be a war for the overthrow of the Consti-
tution; it would bean inhuman and an unholy
crusade against American constitutional liberty.
Convince the people of this country, aye the loyal
people of Kansas—I would be willing to risk it
with them; I will take them anywhere—convince
the loyal people of this country that this is not a
struggle for constitutional liberty, that it is not a
struggle for the Union formed by the founders of
the Government, but that it is an effort to prosti-
tute the powers of the Government for the purpose
of destroying the rights of the people and of the
States; depriving them of rights guarantied by a
common Constitution, formed by a common an-
cestry representing every section of our common
country; convert this struggle into such a war,
and you will not only strike down every loyal man
in the seceded and the slaveholding States, but,
unless I am very much deceived, you will see that
army of citizen soldiery who marched at the coun-
try's call to protect, its integrity and to preserve it
with all its constitutional rights and to secure to
the people all their constitutional guarantees, dis-
appear. Yes, sir, when the fact comes home to
them that they are to bo changed (to use the lan-
guage common among gentlemen, and which has
been used in Congress) into an army of negro
thieves, you will see that army disappear as rap-
idly as snow melts away under the rays of a
southern sun.
Mr. President, what was the necessity, as al-
leged by the conspirators, for this rebellion? It
was charged that a party had been elevated to
power, that a President had been elected, for the
purpose of making war upon the constitutional
rights of the slaveholding States of this Union.
If now you adopt the policy sought to be inau-
gurated m this Chamber, you confirm and estab-
lish the truth of the cliatges made against you,
and you compel a loyal mid reluctant people, who
up to this time have disbelieved and denied these
charges, to admit their truth, and you paralyze
their arm and strike them down. After you have
done this, where is the hope of a restored Union,
and what would it be worth if you were to suc-
ceed? Sir, we were assured, and an honest Pres-
ident still adheres to the assurance, that this was
a struggle for the restoration of the Union. We
placcd confidence in his declaration, and the peo-
ple whom I represent severed all the ties of kin-
dred and of association and of section, because
we confided ill his assurance and the assurance of
this Congress given at its last session, that this
struggle was not to be prostituted into a war upon
the rights of the States, that it was not to be used
to rob and plunder the citizen; but that it was, as
it was originally declared to be, an effort to put
down wicked men who had banded themselves j
together, and used the power of the State govern-
ments, which had been confided to them in a time I
of profound peace,against a people who had placed
that power in their hands to be constitutionally
exercised for the public good. Relieve that peo-
ple from the terror inaugurated by these men, and
disperse the armed rebels who are amongst them,
and there are loyal men enough everywhere who
venerate and love the Constitution and the Union
of their country, that will restore this Union of
States, that will bring it back to what it was before
the rebellion was inaugurated. Who can see any
other mode of its restoration? If this Union is
ever to be restored, it must be through the action
of the loyal people in the seceded States. There
is no other mode by which it can be done. I
repeat, relieve them from the terrors inaugurated
by the wicked conspirators in their midst, relieve
them from the presence of armed rebels, and your
Union will be speedily restored; but attempt the
exercise of an unconstitutional power, by the lib-
eration of their slaves, and you will strike down
every loyal man in the slaveholding States, and
not one will be left to tell the story of the Union.
Mr. President, I am willing to trust to the
President of the United States, who, as an honest
patriot, told us in the beginning, and tells us now,
that by virtue of his oath he must preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution, and that that is
what he intends to do—nothing more, nothing
less. So far, sir, he has adhered to that declara-
tion, and 1 have every confidence that he will con-
tinue to adhere to the same line of constitutional
policy, which an honest man must adhere to if he
reads his constitutional obligations as they have
been read in days that are past and gone, by the
men who founded the Republic.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator a question, if he will permit me.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Do I understand the
Senator from Virginia to express the opinion that
it is the constitutional duty of the Government
to maintain the slaves of rebels, traitors in arms,
and to restore tliem to their masters?
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, my opinions
as to what the duty of the Government is go just
as far as constitutional obligation and no further.
At the time of the adoption of that Constitution,
twelve of the States of this Union were nominally
slaveholding, and only one non-slaveholding; but,
in fact, there were but five or six really slave-
holding States. The authors of that instrument
found it necessary to the formation of the Repub-
lic that they should adapt themselves to the cir-
cumstances that surrounded them, and that that
Constitution would have to be what all other sys-
tems of government founded on the will of the
people must ever be, the subject of compromise.
While the slaveholding States did not desire to
force their peculiar institution, as it has been
called, upon the non-slaveholding, the non-slave-
holding States did not desire to enforce upon the
slaveholding their views; but, for the sake of the
interest of all, they did so far recognize the insti-
tution as to solemnly pledge themselves (and here
I believe it was a pledge of faith more in the na-
ture of a treaty obligation than anything else) to
deliver up every fugitive slave to the owner upon
claim. Frankness requires me to say that I have
had my doubts about the constitutionality of your
fugitive slave law; but it wasasolemn obligation,
in my opinion, entered into by the people of the
non-slaveholding States that they would, upon
demand and claim, deliver to the citizen of the
slaveholding State his fugitive slave that may
have escaped. And while I would not affirm by
resolution that it was the duty of the Army to de-
liver a fugitive slave to his owner, whether loyal
or rebel, 1 would not, on the other hand, affirm
that it was not the duty of the Army. I regard
our citizens who have enlisted in the cause of
their country as citizens still, and I hold it to be
the duty of every good citizen, wherever he may
be, to obey the laws of the land.
Mr. President, from the hour that we took our
seats here—met here, as I had supposed, to aid, by
such constitutional legislation as the exigencies
of the country required, the executive authori-
ties in restoring peace to a distracted people—we
have been deluged with anti-slavery lesolutions,
and compelled to listen to anti-slavery speeches.
Instead of coming up as one man from every por-
tion of the loyal Republic toaid it in this its death
struggle, we seem tojiave met here as partisans j
and sectiorialists. Nightly party caucuses are ;
called, where Senators and Representatives, rep- |
resenting non-slaveholding constituencies, are en- !
gaged in plotting for party success, although it I
may be over the prostrate body of a ruined coun-
try. Common humanity, to say nothing of patri- ;
otism, would have suggested that, m ihe midstof ;
the scenes by which we are surrounded, the croak- !
ing voice of party should have been hushed. Sir, 1
I know no party but the party of the Union; 110
cause but the cause of my country. I will assail
no rights; I will attempt under no doubtful war
power to abolish institutions secured by plain
constitutional provisions; I will not go within the
States for the purpose of despoiling them of prop-
erty recognized and secured to them by acknowl-
edged State authority.
Mr. President, I would not even have said what
I have—suggested by the remarks of the Senator
from Kansas—if I had not felt more keenly and
more deeply than Senators representing non-
slaveholding States can feel the danger to be ap-
prehended not alone to the slaveholding States,
but to the existence of the Union by such argu-
ments and such appeals. Sir, I have periled all,
all. You, who have not been called upon to pass
through what the loyal people of the slavehold-
ing States have to pass through, cannot realize
what it is to separate from friends, from kindred,
from section, from all early and dear associa-
tions. But, sir, the path_ of duty was 011 one
hand, feeling on the other. I did not hesitate. I
took my stand; and if gentlemen would but talk
to their constituents who have—pardon me, I use
is in no offensive sense—crazy notions 011 this sub-
ject, if they would but risk one tithe as much as
the loyal people in the slaveholding States have
to risk for this Union, to correct public opinion,
and to place before them their duty as citizens of
a common country, we would have an era of good
feeling that would bring peace to every qitarter of
a distracted country.
Sir, I do not desire to occupy the attention of
the Senate on this topic; but let me ask, has it
ever entered into the minds of these gentlemen
what aie yoi  to do with them, supposing you
have these four million slaves? Are not the slaves
already thrown upon our hands an element of
weakness? What are you to do with four million
of them'1 No one suggests, or at least 1 have not
heard it suggested, that they should arbitrarily,
and against their will, be sent out of this country.
If you were to do that, would that be giving them
freedom ? Would it not be barbarous, in defiance
of their solemn protest,to transfer them to another
and different land from that which gave them
birth? Already, I say, the few thousands that
have been thrown upon our military prove to be
an element of weakness. How, then, are you to
prosecute the rebellion with four million of them
upon your hands >
But even admitting all that you claim, how is
any discussion on this subject to effect your pur-
poses now ? The laws already upon your statute-
book are dead letters in the seceded States. You
cannotenforce them until you have brought those
States back, until they are again subject to those
laws, acknowledging their obligation, and the
power is in the hands of the executive authorities
of the land to enforce and execute them. Let us,
then, if this subject has to be discussed, postpone
it to a period when you can enforce your laws.
You are liberating slaves already wherever your
Army has gone. That is a question that I leave
to the military. It is purely a military question
What disposition shall be made of them. I leave
it with them; and if these people who have en-
gaged in this unholy conspiracy without any jus-
tifiable cause, with no reason on earth, to over-
throw a Government that has conferred nothing
but blessings upon its people; that has protected
them in all their rights as no other Government
ever protected a people before—if they, by their
conduct, lose their slaves, it is not my fault. They
cannot charge me with it, norcan they charge the
Government with it. Then, until you have pos-
session of a larger portion of the seceded territory
than you now have; until you have a spot where
you can enforce and execute your laws, go on as
you havegone;let this thing alone; do not attempt
to throw obstacles in our way, and increase the
difficulties that beset us of the loyal States now",
j and that beset our armies, until you can give force
J and efficacy to any law that you may make.
1 If weareever to have peace—permanent, lasting
peace—the people must retire from these halls
slavery agitators. This Capitol must be relieved
of those who, blinded by fanaticism and influ-
enced by hate, would have no restored Union;
but would subjugate, conquer, and destroy.
Sir, I will not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, it is apparent
that the discussion on this resolution is likely to
