1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ll-Stf
force in what was said by the Senator from Wis-
consin, and I should be very glad if the chairman
of the committee could amend the bill m some
way, so as not to have them enlisted without the
consent of the officers of the volunteer regiments.
I think it will have a very bad effect for recruiting
officers to go in among- the men. Every man dis-
satisfied with his commander would enlist in the
regular service. The bill authorizes recruiting
fiom any of the volunteer regiments, and pays
twenty-five dollars to the recruit in advance. The
regular officers will go right in among the volun-
teer regiments and break them up partially. I
think it ought to be guarded in some way; I am
not prepared to say how; but it seems to me this
is a very serious objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is well
known there is a popular prejudice in the country
against going into the ranks of the regular Army,
li is a very foolish and unreasoning piejudice:
still it exists, if I were forced to-day to go into
the regular Army for five years or into the vol-
unteers for three years, at the same price, I would
give the five years of my life to the rpgularArmy
rather than the volunteers. Many men, when
they arc in the service, when they become used
to camp life, when they understand this whole
matter, when they see the superiority of comfort
and discipline and everything that attaches to the
regular Army above the volunteers, are anxious
to enlist in the regular Army. The result is that
at the present time there ai e men all through your
half million of volunteers who are asking to be
transferred to the Navy or to the Army. Appli-
cations are continually made by these volunteer
soldiers to be transferred to the regular Army or
to go into the Navy.
Now, sir, we want about fifteen or twenty thou-
sand men to fill up the ranks of the regular Army,
and this bill simply proposes to permit those sol-
diers in your volunteer forces who may desire it
to be transferred to the regular Army, or to enlist
in the regular Army for three years. I know that
there are men in the volunteer forces at the pres-
ent time who have been asking and seeking for
months to go into this force. I do not believe that
it wilt disturb or have the slightest effect upon the
volunteer army. The Navy Department has al-
ready called for men in the volunteer service to go
into the Navy, and they have been sent by the
hundred to the gunboats m the West that arc win-
ning these battles. They have asked the volun-
teers to go into the artillery, and the men are anx-
ious to go. Then why should we not permit them
to do it ? I have not the slightest idea that it will
have any deleterious effect on the volunteers to
allow a few men to enlist in the regulars, and it
will fill up the ranks of your regular Army, your
engineers, infantry, and cavalry, the foice that
ought to be filled up.
Mr. TEN EYCIv. I simply ask for informa-
tion to regulate my vote, if there is so £ieat an
anxiety on the part of volunteers to go into the
regular Army, where is the propriety of making
this appiopuation of twenty-five dollars a head in
order to induce them to go in, at the very time,
too, when we have not the funds to spare ? I sim-
ply ask the question for information. It strikes
me as somewhat pertinent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order now to move
an amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that the
volunteer regiments have the same privilege as the
regular Army, and the same bounty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
first'oe taken on concuning in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole; and then it
will be m order farther to amend the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 merely wish to say that
thus far all the fighting in this war has been done
by the volunteer regiments; and 1 have quite as
much faith in their continuing to do the fighting
in this war as I have in the regular Army. 1 object
in toto to our Michigan regiments being deluded
and put into intrenchments to dig dnt instead of
going into battle with the bayonet. Sir, up to this
day all the fighting in this war has been done by
the volunteer regiments—the whole of it. Look
at Fort Donelson. There was but one legular
officer, I heheve, m that fight; then e was not a reg-
ular soldier there; and yet they fought like vete-
rans. Now, you propose to throw your do-noth-
ing officers among those fighting regiments, and
offer a bounty to them to leave their colors. I ob-
ject to having a recruiting officer from the regular
Army enter among the Michigan regiments any-
where. Our men are prepared to fight under their
present officers and under their present organiza-
tion; and I will guaranty, if my amendment car-
ries, that I will get ten recruits from your regular
service to enter the volunteers to one that you will
get from the volunteers to enter the regular service.
Let us have equality at least if you pass this bill,
and permit volunteers to recruit in the same way
that you permit your regulars.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If Senators
regard it as an objection that you should hold out
an inducement of twenty-five dollars for them to
enlist, I am willing, so far as that applies to vol-
unteers, that it should be stricken out, and simply
provide that men in the volunteer service may be
transferred to the regular service on their own re-
quest, or they may enlist for three years. The
section of the bill provides that twenty-five dol-
lais shall be given to those who enlist in the reg-
ular scrvice who are not now in the volunteerfoice
of the country. I would not stand a mere stickler
on that point. My own impression, however, is
that the bill, as now prepared, will work good for
the country. I have no doubt about it.
Now, sii, a word in regard to your regular Army.
We have got but very few regular soldiers. We
have some twelve or thirteen thousand men. They
are in good condition, and wherever they are
placed, 1 have no doubt, will do their whole duty.
1 do not think this general braggingabout the men
of the West or the East or of volunteers or any-
thing else is in good taste. I believe our men will
do their duty, whether they be in the regular Army
or the volunteers, especially if they are fitted and
prepared for their duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish simply to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
faiis whether he will move the amendment he
suggested? If he does not, I shall move it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator thinks anything is to be gained by it, the bal-
ance of the section, after the word " enlistment,"
in the eleventh line, may be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit that motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words to be
stricken out will be read.
The Secretary icad them, as follows:
And all such volunteers as may be enlisted in andtians-
ferred to the ie ul«ir servieu, ai heiem provided,shall each
j be entitled, upon such enlistment in and transfer to the re?-
■ ular Army as aforesaid, to receive in advance twenty-five
| dollars, winch shall be taken by litem as? pint of the .$100
bounty to winch, by law, they would t-eveially be entitled
upon the expuauoit ot'theii respective terms of enlistment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I doubt very much the pro-
priety of our passing a law here so much calcu-
lated to disorganize the volunteer regiments as it
seems to me this bill is. I would not object to it
so much if it was not for the fact that by this bill
we increase the i egular cavalry regiments upwards
of twelve hundred men and create between thirty
and forty new officeis in the regular cavaky regi-
ments. They are better paid than our infantry.
The idea gets out in a company that it is better fur a
few men in that company to enlist in one of these
regular cavalry regiments. The sentiment spreads
through the company, and the first thing we know
that company is entirely disoiganized and there
is not enough men to compose half a company,
perhaps not a quarter of a company. As I under-
stand, this is to be followed up by another bill
which the Senator bom Maine proposes to intro-
duce prohibiting further enlistments into the vol-
unteer Army, and not disbanding such a company
as I have alluded to, that is perfectly decimated
by enlistments from it into the regular Army,
and we have a company that would be utterly
worthless. I think the right way to increase our
regular Army is to do exactly what the Senator
from Maine proposes—to stop enlistments jn the
volunteers, and then you will find that there will
be plenty of men who will be willing to enlist into
your regular regiments. That is the way to ob-
tain them, and not encourage the decimation of
the volunteers by transference from the volunteers
into the regulars.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
see vjhy the Senator from Iowa should object to
allowingafew hundred men who may desire it—
Mr. GRIMES. Fifteen thousand the Senator
told us a while ago.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is not at
all probable that the whole fifteen thousand will
come from the volunteers, but there are a great
many young men in the volunteers who desire to
go into the regular service, and especially into the
cavalry, e ngineers, and artillery. We wan t se vera!
hundred men in the cavalry regiments and in our
artillery, and General Totten says he wants quite
a number of men in the engineers. If you give
the men who are in the field, who have become at-
tached to military life, an opportunity to go into
the regular service—into the artillery, the cavalry,
or the engineers—I think it will be sought for. I
know it is sought for now. Then why should we
prevent it? I cannot see any reason in it what-
ever.
Mr. GRIMES. Will tfce Senatorallow me to
put this case? There is located, for instance, in
thiscity,acoup!eof regiments thatare commanded
by unpopular officers. The soldiers are already
enlisted for three years or during the war. That
is the same perioa of time for which we enlistour
regular soldiers. Now cannot the Senator con-
ceive of a case where the soldiers of this volunteer
regiment, thus commanded by unpopular officers,
of whom they want to get rid, would transfer-
themselves into one of these regularregiments com-
posing a part of this twelve hundred cavalry force,
by which they would be paid two dollars a month
more than they receive in the regiment in which
they now are, and thus leave a brokpn-up regi-
ment, with plenty of officers for us to pay, but no
men for them to command ?
Mr. CLARK. There is another point in this
bill that ought not to be overlooked. Who will
be the soldiers who will enlist from your volun-
teers into the regular Army ? The very men who
love the military service, and want to be m it.
You will take, then, from the volunteers the very
best soldiers in the service, and leave the worth-
less men among the volunteers. It seems to me
it is better to leave these choice Soldiers in the vol-
unteer service to act where they enlisted.
There is another point to which I want to call
the attention ofthe Senate. I understand that by
a regulation of the War Department, no soldier
or officer from the volunteer service can be pro-
moted or appointed to the regular service. They
will not allow it to be done. A man may be ever
so gallant; he may have foughtever so bravely in
a battle, but he cannot be promoted into the reg-
ular service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been done.
Mr. CLARK. It has been done; but I under-
stand distinctly from the Secretary of War thatit
will no longer be done. I was there when a man
asked it to be done, and the Secretary of War
said he would not do it in any case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What was the office?
Mr. CLARK. A captain.
Mr. POMEROY. I was there, too.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Kansas was
there, and standing by my side, and the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson;] and he said
he would not do it in any case; he was opposed
to it. I knew that it had been done, and told him
so. lie said he would do it no longer. Now you
propose to take the best.soldiers from the volun-
teers and put them in the regular Army, when you
cannot get an officer from the volunteers into the
regular Army. The Secretary of War said dis-
tinctly, " I will promote them in distinct ser-
vices;" and why? Because these men who have
joined the volunteer corps have entered into a con-
tract which they shall perform; and yet when they
want the men they will step in and take them out,
and iclieve them of the contract; but when you
want them to carry out the contract, it binds your
men. It seems to me it is fair that it should op-
erate both ways, and if you take the men you
should take the meritorious officers as well.
Mr. BROWNING. Have I a right to the floor
on the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. You have.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 was very willing to yield
for half an hour; but the indications are that the
bill will take all day. i do not wish to postpone
