1862/
THE 0OJSTGRBSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
3055
have to return without any cargoes, and our prod-
uce will be worth nothing.
Mr.CAMPBELL There is no danger of that;
we import too much. Let me say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that when his western produce
goes to England or France, he has not the privi-
lege of placing it in bonded warehouses; he must
pay the duties in cash. Does he want to give the
Liverpool merchants or the manufacturer of Bir-
mingham or Sheffield six months or one year to
pay their duties in, when his constituents are
obliged to pay down their taxes and duties? .
Mr. LOVIiJOY. That is all buncombe.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thatanswer is easy—there
is no buncombe about it. It is the fact.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers
on the amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerrigan
and Campbell were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 56.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment.
Mr. ODELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso to the twentieth section:
^rui provided further, That the third or last proviso to tlx?
fifth section of the act entitled " Ail act to pi ovide increased
revenue from imporrs, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved the 6th day of August,
1861, be, and the same is hereby, repealed ; and no return
of the duties shall be allowed on export of any merchandise
after it has been lemoved from the custody and control of
the Government.
The proviso which this proposes to repeal was^
one which I was astonished to find in the act.
Mr. WARD. Will the honorable gentleman
allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. What is to be the effect of this
amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I was just going to explain
it. The act of 1861, contrary, as I suppose, to
anybody's intention, contains a clause providing
not only that goods shall remain in bonded ware-
houses paying duty when they are talten out, but
also that goods taken out of bonded warehouses
and put into private stores may at any time within
three years, when reexported, have the duties that
were paid on them refunded by the Government.
I suppose that there never was such a provision
known before in any country. The temptations
to fraud are large enough while the goods are in
the custody of the Government officers. But to
allow goods once taken out, put in to private stores,
and offered for sale for two years and a half, to
be reexported, and the duty to be refunded, is an
anomaly in the legislation of any country.
1 submit to the committee whether, under such
circumstances—the goods having been taken out
for home consumption, and the duty paid, the
goods being entirely withdrawn from the custody
of the Government—the merchant should be at
liberty to pick up the odds and endsof these goods,
reexport them, and call upon the Government to
refund duty paid two years and a half before.
Take, for instance, a cargo of brandy, which has
been in the hands of the merchant for two years
and a half: how much of it is brandy, and how
much of it is something else on his entering it for
reexportation ? The law passed last year provides
that the Government shall refund the duty paid
oil that brandy. It is a most monstrous provis-
ion. How it got into the bill none of us who had
anything to do with reporting the bill can imagine.
I think it must have got in in transcribing it. I
think, therefore, that no fair-minded person can
object to its repeal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move an amendment to come
ill as an additional section:
Sec. 22. -And be it further enacted, Thatilllaets and parts
of acts providing for the issue of hind scrip to the States,
and the distribution of the proceed-* of the sales of public
lands be, and the same aie, suspended until the amount of
annual revenue that shall be derived under this aet shall
reach the sum of $100,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. I raise the point
of order that the amendment is not germane to t lie
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. POTTER. I observe that the twenty-first
section contains a provision that "all acts and
parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed." I
have no doubt myself that a fair construction of
that section would repeal the very act referred to
in my amendment; but lest there might be some
question about it, I propose this amendment in
order to make the matter perfectly plain.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. POTTER. Has the Chair decided that my
amendment is out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. POTTER. Then I raise the point of oider
that section twenty-one is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late to raise that
point of order, as the section has been passed.,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the special order, be-
ing House bill No. 531, increasing temporarily
the duties on imports, and for other purposes, and
had instructed him to report the same back with
sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless separate votes be re-
quired on some of the amendments, I ask that a
vote may be taken on all the amend ments together.
I will ask for a separate vote on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ward,] in reference to goods on shipboard.
Mr. ARNOLD. I rise to inquire whether it is
not in order to proceed to the unfinished business
of yesterday, in preference to the report of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
If so, I insist 011 the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether the
amendment to the twentieth section is to be voted
on separately?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has demanded a separate
vote on it.
The question was taken on all the other amend-
ments, and they were agreed to.
The question recurred on the following amend-
ment to the twentieth"section:
Strike out the words "that all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, winch may be in the public stores or bonded ware-
houses on the day and year aforesaid, shall be subject to
no other duty upon the entry or consumption thereof than
ifthe&ame were imported respectively after tiiat day j" and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That all goods, wares, and merehandiseactuallyon ship-
board and bound to the United States, and all goods, wares,
and merchandise on deposit in bonded warehouses or pub-
lic stores on the day and year aforesaid, shall be subject to
pay such duties as provided by law before and at the tune
of the passage of this act.
Mr. STEVENS. The House understands what
I have asked a separate vote upon. The amend-
ment allows goods on shipboard when the act goes
into operation to come in under the old duties, not
paying the additional taxes which we have laid on
some articles in our tax bill. Anybody can see
that between this time and the time when the bill
goes into effect, orders may be sent out for any
amount of goods to be put on shipboard, if that
has not already been done in anticipation. How-
ever, I need not speak on this point. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Arnold, Baker, Francis P. Blair, Claik, Cobb,Frederick A.
Conklmg, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Fenton, Fisher, Fouke, Frnnchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin,
flaight, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Luary, Low, Noell, Nor-
ton, Nugen, Odell, OJm, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G.
Phelps, Potter, Piice, Alexander II. Rice, Segar, Shiel,
Smith, William G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas., Tram,
Van Horn, Van Y.ilkenburgh, Vihbard, Vooriiees, Wall,
Ward. Webster, Wood, and Woodruff—54.
NA Y^—Messrs. Aldtich, Ancoria, Ashley, Daily, Baiter,
Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel"S. Blair, Blake,
George 11. Browne, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Camp-
bell-. Chamberlin. Clements. Colfax, KostioeConkling, Cut-
ler, Davis, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, JSly, Fes-
senden, Granger, Grider,-Gurley,Hall, Hanchett, Holman,
Hooper, Hutchins, Johnson, Julian, Kellev, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg,Lansing, Lazear, Loomis, Love-
joy, McKmght, Mt-Pherson, Mallory, Mayuard, Mooihead,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Patton, Ponioroy, Porter, John 11.
Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheliabarger, Sherman,
Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stiles, Stratton. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Verrec, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Wheeler,
Wilson, and Windom—78.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 298)
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for thet-
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts, and
a bill (H. R. No. 371) to prescribe an oath of
office, and for other purposes; to which the
Speaker thereupon affixed his signature.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
SHIP CANAL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 288)
to construct a ship canal for the passage of armed
and naval vessels from the Mississippi river to
Lake Michigan, and for other purposes, upon
which the gentleman from Missouri demands the
previous question.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw itfor the
present.
Mr. RIDDLE addressed the House upon the
subjectofthc bill. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, renewed the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 38,
noes 36; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. No quorum having voted, I
suppose it is the duty of the Chair to order a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say'that it
does not require a quorum to order a call of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order to proceed with any
business except to call the House, no quorum
having voted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
a call of the House not being in itself business no
quorum is required. It would not, of course, be
in order to proceed with business without a quo-
rum. It is like the ordering of the yeas and nays
for which one fifth of those present are required,
whether that number is a quorum or not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion that there be a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Alley, An-
coria, Babbitt, Biddle, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, William
G. Biown, Calvert, Campbell, Frederick A. Conkling, Cris-
field, Davis, Durilap, Dunn, English, Fouke, Goodwin,
Harding, Hutchins, Johnson, Keiley, Kerrigan, Law,Mc-
Knight, McPherson, Mallory, Maynard, Moorhead, Nixon,
Nugen, Perry, Potter, Edward II Rollins, Shanks, Stevens,
Stiles, Stratton, Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge, Voorhees,
Wadsvvorth, Wallace, Webster, Wilson, and Wood—47.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Baker, Baxter, Seaman, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair,
Blake, George H. Browne, Buffinton, Casey, Chamirerlin,
Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Roscoe Colliding, Corning,
Cutler, Dawes. Delano, Diven, Dueli, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Fessenden, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Granger,
Grider, Gurlev, Haight, Hall, Hanchett, Hooper, Francis
VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Lazear,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mitchell, Noeil, Norton, Ohn, Pen-
dleton, Timothv G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Price, Alex-
ander H.Rice, John H. Rice, Kiddie, James S. Rollins,Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sheliabarger, Sherman, Shiel,
Sloan. Smith, Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Van Horn, Van Valken-
