186(2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. NESMITII. There has been no proposi-
tion before the Senate during the present session
of Congress of such very great importance to the
people of the State of Oregon and of Washington
Territory, and,in fact, to the -people of the Pa-
cific coast generally, as this amendment. It is an
amendment which I submitted to the committee,
and which has the sanction of the Secretary of the
Treasury in his letter submitting the estimates,
of the Secretary of the Interior, and of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. It is a matter of such
very grave consequence to the people whom I, in
part, represent, that I think I should be derelict in
my duty if I failed to present to the Senate some
of the considerations which I think should govern
the body in their action upon the amendment.
The Nez Perce Indians have heretofore occu-
pied a very large portion of the southern part of
Oregon and Washington Territory. There was a
treaty made with them in 1855, and the ninth ar-
ticle of that treaty provides:
" Art. 9. The Nez Perce desire to exclude from their
reseivation the use of ardent spirits, and to prevent their
people from drinking the iamo ; and therefore it is provided
that any Indian belonging to said tribe who is guilty of
btingmg liquor into said reservation, or who drinks liquor,
may have his or her proportion of the annuities withheld
from him or her for such time as the President may de-
termine."
In the annual report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, he states that the white population
now in the Nez Perce country in search of gold
amounts to ten thousand, and that it is necessary
to-negotiate treaties in order to adapt the location
of the reservation of the tribe to the circumstances
now surrounding them so widely different from
those in existence at the time their present treaty
was negotiated. I have here also a report from
the acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Mr.
Mix, addressed to the chairman of the Committer
on Indian Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, dated January 31, 1862, which covers the
whole grounds and shows,as I think,conclusively
the necessity for this appropriation. At the risk
of wearying the Senate, I desire to refer to some
historical facts connected with the condition of
this people and the treaties which have been ne-
gotiated with them.
In 1855 Governor Stevens and General Palmer
negotiated a treaty with the Nez Perces, by the
terms of which the tribes relinquished to the Uni-
ted States all of their claim to an immense region
of country, sufficient in itself to constitute a re-
spectable sized State, retaining to themselves a
reservation said to embrace about six thousand
square miles. For the large tract of country ceded
by the Indians, the Government agreed to pay
them $200,000 in annuities, and to expend other
sums for their benefit, amounting to about one
hundred thousand dollars more. In the second
article of the treaty the United States stipulated
that the Indians should be protected in the exclu-
sive occupation of their reservation, and that no
white man should be permitted to reside upon the
same, except by permission of the Indian depart-
ment. Subsequently rich deposits of gold were
discovered upon the reserve, and white men have
flocked there in large numbers for the purpose of
digging it; they have overspread and occupicd the
reservation in violation of the treaty, and to the
great detriment of the Indians, who constantly
threaten that if the Government longer refuses or
delays to protect them in their rights they will
protect themselves.
The Indians are anxious to dispose of the res-
ervation and remove to some point where they
will not be intruded upon. They allege, and I be-
lieve that it is not disputed, that they have faith-
fully observed the obligations of the treaty, but
that its provisions have been violated by the Gov-
ernment in permitting- our citizens to invade their
reservation in search of gold. From this very
reservation our people have for the last year ex-
tracted gold at the rate of half a million of dollars
per month, and ]t is estimated that during the
present summer the yield will amount to between
one and two millions per month. The plain ques-
tion which now presents itself is, will the Govern-
ment authorize the holding of a treaty by which
peace can be maintained, or will it permit the
miners and the Indians to become involved in an
exterminating war, the expense of which we will
some day be called upon to pay?
To say nothing of our treaty obligations to the
Nez Perocs, the hitherto peaceful character of the
tribe, and the eminent position which they have
occupied with* surrounding tribes, entitle them to
the favorable consideration of the Government.
The Indians of Oregon and Washington are, by
their habits and modes of life, divided into three
distinct classes. Those inhabiting the coast, bays,
inlets, and margins of the rivers were called by
Washington Irving " Piscatory" tribes, but we,
on our coast, denominate them in plain Saxon,
" Fish Eaters." What their original condition
may have been before'they were cursed with the
system of so-called civilization, which our Gov-
ernment and people everywhere extend to the un-
fortunate aboriginal race, is of but little present
practical consequence. Suffice it to say, that those
of them not exterminated by the civilizing in-
fluences of whisky and loathsome diseases, ob-
tained and contracted from our own race, are at
.present sunk to the lowest depths of moral and
physical degradation, far below the reach of the
philanthropic aid of the most ardent humani-
tarians.
Another class is embraced in the general appel-
lation of "Diggers." They inhabit mostly the
arid districts of eastern and southern Oregon, and
the southeastern portions of Washington Terri-
tory, remote from the great watercourses, and
along the passes of mountains. They are destitute
of almost all articles of clothing, and live in holes
in the ground, subsisting upon bugs, grasshop-
pers, crickets, lizards, and the seeds of perennial
grasses. Diet has doubtless had much to do with
reducing them to about the lowest grade of hu-
manity, and they are evidently not the speci-
mens of the aboriginal race which Co'Crper and
other writers of fiction had in their eye when
delineating Indian character. Nothing is now
wanting but the close proximity and civilizing
influences of our Christian race to complete then-
degradation and final extinction.
A third, and better class, are by some called
" Equestrian" Indians, a brave, athletic, finely
formed, and comparatively a virtuous and intelli-
gent people. Theyhave horsesand cattle,cultivate
some of the substantial articles of agricultural
production, and occasionally make longjourneys
to the Rocky mountains for the purpose of hunt-
ing the buffalo, or to make war upon their ancient
and implacable enemies, the Blackfeet.
The Nez Perces, the people with whom this
amendment contemplates treating, belong to the
latter of the three divisions, and are the best of the
Jot; they approach nearer to that Utopian charac-
ter ascribed to primitive man by fanciful writers
than any Indians whom I have ever met in my
not very limited acquaintance with the race.
But lest I should be misunderstood, it is per-
haps proper that I should say that I have known
individuals among the Nez Perces who were no
better than the average of white men. Indeed, I
have known $pme great rogues among them.
Lewis and Clark spent some time among them, and
made the canoes, in which they descended to the
Pacific ocean, upon the banks of the Clear Water,
or Kooskooska, and within the limits of their
present reservation. That small and enfeebled
party of white men—the first who crossed the con-
tinent—we re the harbingers of the thousands who
have followed, and who are now building up an
empire in that remote region, where, but a few
years since, " rolled the Oregon, and heard no
sound save her own dashings." That party were
perfectly in the power of and at the mercy of the
Nez Perces. The arms, horses, and the few ar-
ticles of goods in the hands of the explorers, would
have been a prize sufficient to tempt the cupidity
of any tribe of savages less honest than the Nez
Perces. So far fiom despoiling the party, they
rendered them every assistance in their power,and
kept their horses for them during the winter of
1806 and 1807, while the party visited and win-
tered at the mouth of the Columbia. On their re-
turn to the Kooskooskam the spring of 1807, the
natives delivered to them their horses and other
propeity, with a fidelity that would have reflected
credit upon a civilized people.
From the days of Lewis and Clark to the pres-
senttime they have been, as a tribe, the fast friends
of our people and Government; and it is their boast
that the blood of the white man neverstained then*
hands. They gave a strong evidence of their loy-
aity in 1855, when Governor Stevens was return-
ing from the Blackfeet treaty ground with a small
and enfeebled party of whitemen; the hostile tribes l
declared their intention to cut off and destroy the
Governor and his party; but the Nez Perces hear-
ing of the contemplated massacre, of their own
volition sent out at their own expense a strong
war party in the dead of winter, and conducted
the Governor and his men safely through the sur-
rounding and hostile tribes.
Missionaries, both Protestant and Catholic,
have labored among these people for many years;
and while I am of the opinion that they have not
succeeded in imparting to them any very definite
idea of the plan of salvation, about which intelll-
gentand highly educated white men differ so much
among themselves, 1 am of the opinion that their
counsels and advice in relation to temporal affairs,
and particularly the knowledge which the mis-
sionaries have imparted to them of agriculture,
and the stimulus to follow its pursuits, have been
of great and lasting benefit to the tribe. If they
are not Christians, some of them set a very good
example to white persons who pretend to be such,
Mr. President, if th§re is any one department
of our Government worse managed than another
it is that which relates to our Indian affairs. Mis-
management, bad faith, fraud, peculation, and
downright robbery have been its greatdistinguish-
ing features. Its defects have their origin in being
organized upon a wrong basis.
When William Penn met in council with the
Delawares and Mingoes in 1682, and made that
famous treaty which Voltaire says " was never
sworn to, ana never broken,53 there was some-
thing approaching to equality between the con-
tracting parties. Neither was sufficiently power-
ful to impose unjust or unreasonable terms upon
the other, and, while honesty and fair dealing
characterized the compact, neither of the parties
desired, nor could they afford, to violate its pro-
visions. Since the days of Penn, the weak and
scattered settlements have grown to be a power-
ful nation. Yet the policy of treating with and
regarding the Indians as independent nations—
which had its origin in our own weakness—has
been continued, and we now daily witness the
farce and burlesque on diplomacy, when the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon the one side,
and a poor, degraded band of stolid, half starved,
and naked Diggers on the other, constitute the
high contracting parties!"
Treaties are written out conveying away mil-
lions of acres, not one word of which the Indians
understand; and complicated articles involving the
most abstruse legal provisions, furnishing sub-
jects forinterminablelitigation,arefully explained
and elucidated by some ignorant half-breed inter-
preter, who does not know one letter from an-
other, but who acts under the direction of some
politician, who desires to win his way to public
favor by perpetrating a huge swindle upon those
who have neither power or intelligence adequate
to their own protection. While the Indians arc
lost in admiration in listening to the florid elo-
quence of some sharp commissioner, who dilates
in the most extravagant hyperbole upon the jus-
tice and magnanimity of their "great father at
Washington," they are quietly robbed of their
patrimony. The few short months within which
they are promised that their homos shall become
a paradise by reason of the exuberance of the
President's liberality, are succeeded by years of
starvation, disappointment, and suffering. In the
mean time, the treaty slumbers in the Department
or the Senate; and when, after years of 44 hope
deferred," the long-promised annuities arrive,
deficient in quality and quantity, if riot entirely
absorbed or stolen by the dishonest agents of the
Government intrusted with their management or
delivery, the Indian, robbed of his hunting ground
and his home, has contracted all of the vices of
the white man, but none of his virtues, and knows
nothing of the Government, except the frauds
and injustice which he has suffered at her hands,
becomes a vagrant, and either from vice or ne-
cessity, commits depredations which involve his
tribe in wars; and he only survi\esthe conflict of
arms to fall by the more insidious foe concealed
in the miserable whisky of the unscrupulous
trader.
This, sir, is, with but a slight variation, the his-
tory of every tribe from Maine to Oregon who
have been brought m contact with us. The fos-
tering hand of our humane Government has de-
spoiled and robbed them of their hunting grounds
and their homes, while the Christianizinginfluence
