THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1861.
New Series No. 8.
be protracted,and I feel it my duty to call up the
privileged question of which I gave notice yester-
day, the report of the Judiciary Committee upon
the memorial of Mr. Stanton, asking a seat upon
this floor as a Senator from the State of Kansas.
It is due, however, to the Senator from Kansas,
the present sitting member, to state that he has
informed me this morning that he is still not ready
for this discussion; and if he has any motion to
make upon the subject, I give way cheerfully in
order that he may make it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
will be on postponing the resolution under con-
sideration until to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. I submit, sir, that that is not
the motion before the Senate, and that this ques-
tion on being suggested to the Chair takes prece-
dence of right over any question now before the
Senate; and, as it is a question of some importance,
I must insist upon its decision.
I understand, Mr. President, that this is a priv-
ileged question and differing from a privileged
motion. A privileged question, if I understand it,
may be brought before the Senate at any time,
and takes priority of the business then in hand,
if that be the ordinary current business of the
Senate. It takes precedence of right of all other
than privileged questions, and then if there be a
distinction in privileged questions, if one of a
higher privilege is suggested than the one under
consideration, it takes precedence even of that;
but at all events this being an ordinary question,
not a privileged question, is superseded at once
by the introduction of a privileged question. If
not, I see not what is meant by a privileged ques-
tion at all; because it would be perfectly compe-
tent for me to rise in my place and move to take
up any other subject, and if it required a vote of
the Senate to postpone the subject under consid-
eration, the privileged question does notstand on
any other ground than any other question. What
is the privilege of a privileged question ? Simply
that the Senate may vote whether they will take
it up or not? No, sir; that is no privilege at all,
for any question is entitled on motion to be voted
upon; but a privileged question is one which,
when suggested, is before the Senate. It may by
a vote, 1 agree, be postponed; but when suggested
it is before the Senate. I, therefore, do not move
to postpone the subject under consideration; but
I use to take up for consideration the report to
which I have referred, and which, I claim, is a
question of privilege, and supersedes the matter
in hand.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I send to the Secre-
tary's desk a certificate that I desire to have read
before we proceed further.
The Secretary read it,as follows:
Washington city, December 17. 3861.
We lieieby certify that we are printing; for Hon. James
H. Lane, of Kansas, a niemoiial to the donate of the Uni-
ted States in the mattei of tlio contest between himself and
Frederick P. Stanton, winch we cannot possibly have coin
pleted until to-uionow morning, the lath instant.
McGXLL & GOGGiN, Printers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I said to the distin-
guished Senator from Connecticut, that so soon as
that memorial came here to-morrow I would offer
no objection to the question coming up. I am as
anxious to hove the matter voted upon as he is,
or my adversary; but as I have had no oppor-
tunity, or have availed myself of no opportunity,
of laying my side of the case before the Senate,
I would take it as an act of kindness on their
part if they would postpone the question until
to-murrow, when my memorial will be laid be-
fore them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Cluur is that a motion is as necessary to take
up this question as any other subject before the
Senate. There is a question now before the Sen-
ate, and there arc certain privileged motions, and
the question before the Senate can be disposed of
in no other way than by adopting one of the priv-
ileged motions, except by final action, refeiring,
or laying on the table, in the older in which they
are named. A questionisbeforctheSenate. There
is a question of privilege—not a privileged ques-
8
tion, but a question of privilege—which goes to
the organization of the body in the Senate. . A
Senator rises in his place and suggeststhereis such
a question. That suggestion, in the opinion of
the Chair, does not displace the question before
the Senate; but it requires a motion. If it involves
that, then a simple suggestion when that question
should be before the Senate would preclude a ma-
jority of the Senate from postponing it to another
time. In the opinion of the Chair, if a single sug-
gestion would call that question up, a single sug-
gestion would have the same power to prevent a
postponement of it as a majority of the Senate
might. In the opinion of the Chair, then, (and
the Chair understands it also to be in accordance
with the practice of the Senate,) it is a question
of privilege, to be called up as privileged above
all else whenever a Senator gets the floor and
makes that motion; but if there be a pending ques-
tion before the Senate, according to the rules of
the Senate that must first be disposed of, and that
is the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. FOSTER. I shall not, Mr. President,
certainly take any appeal from the decision of
the Chair,although I am unable, I confess, under
the decision of the Chair, to see how a question
of privilege, or a privileged question, stands on
any other ground than any otner question. But,
as I said, not proposing to take any appeal from
the decision of the Chair, I will not discuss the
matter. I move, under the decision of the Chair,
that the subject now under discussion be post-
poned, in order that this question may be taken
up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-
pone the pending question until to-morrow. Is
that the pleasure of the Senate?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I have not a word to say
about either of these questions; but I want to sug-
gest that we have heretofore lost months of every
long session by just exactly the course that is pro-
posed to be inaugurated to-day; that is, a question is
taken up—a resolution, bill, or something else;
those gentlemen that are prepared discuss it as
long as they please, two or three hours, and then it
is postponed to another day, and those speeches
that were made the first day are so impressive
that they generally have to be repeated the next,
and after talking two or three houis, it is post-
poned for a week, and then the same thing has to
be gone over again. In that way the session is
wasted, and the time of the Senate frittered away,
and no lesult comes from it.
Now, sir, I never crossed the ocean to England
in my life, and I do not know that I ever shall, un-
less 1 should make an involuntary voyage, as some
ofourfriends have gone to Boston, [laughter,] but
I am told the practice in the British House of
Commons is entirely different, and that is the rea-
son they do something there. They take a ques-
tion up, and it is very rarely the case indeed that
the body adjourns until a final vote is taken upon
it. I was told by gentlemen somewhat conver-
sant with them that the question of the Crimean
war was the first question that had been postponed
in.the British House of Commons for a great many
yeais. But, sir, the way we have done business
—I am as guilty of it as anybody—for the last
twelve years has been what I have indicated. We
take up a question, discuss it, postpone it, and
make it a special order for another day, take itup
again and discuss it, and then lay it aside again,
and sometimes we have a dozen measures on hand
and none of them determined. 1 think this is an
evil that requires to be informed. Here is a very
simple question, and 1 think we had better dis-
pose of it. It is not the question the Senator from
Virginia has been discussing. The question is,
whether the Secretary of War shall be requested
to furnish the Senate copies of orders directing
the erection of barracks and other buildings for
winter quarters for the Kansas troops; and upon
that has been hung the great humanitarian ques-
tion of ages. I think a question so simple as this
can be disposed of at once without postponement.
Having said this much to justify my vote, I shall
vote against postponing it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the adoption of the resolution submit-
ted by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I be-
lieve I have not been in the habit of trespassing
on the time of the Senate heretofore; but I desire
to answer some of the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
Sir, I have not urged that the President of the
United States has made a mistake as yet. I con-
ceive that this Government has accomplished a
great work in originating a Navy and Army as
they have. There is a distinguished Senator on
this floor who will remember my expressing a
doubt of the result of the battle of Manassas, for
the reason that, in my opinion, the troops were
not then sufficiently drilled.
When I left Kansas, it was the expressed wish
of the troops of that State, communicated to the
Government, that they should have the privilege
of making a winter's campaign, and they gave to
the Government this reason: that the winter was
the only time when they could catch the traitors.
They would then be compelled to take to houses
instead of hiding in the brush. Since my arrival at
Washington, I have understood that the local mil-
itary authorities are engaged in constructing bar-
racks for those troops, and I was induced to make
the remarks that I have offered to the Senate from
fear of a mistake which might be consummated
in that direction.
Mr. President, I am glad to know that the gen-
tleman concurs with me as to the military neces-
sity of occupying the rebellious country. 1 be-
lieve I did not misunderstand him; and he is only
opposed to the policy from fear of the defeat of
our army. If that idea is to prevail with this Gov-
ernment, I assure the distinguished Senator from
Virginia that we shall never occupy the country
of the rebels. I do not wish to risk a battle with
inferior numbers—we have had enough of that—
but a battle with equal or superior numbers, a well
contested, bloody battle, in my opinion, we must
fight; and if we are deterred from fighting such a
battle by the fear of defeat, this Government is
endangered. I have said, Mr. President, in the
remarks that I made, that this war cannot drag its
slow length along until spring. There must be a
decisive stroke within the next few weeks. Gain
a victory before England sends her armies and her
navies upon us, and England will not send that
navy nor those armies. It is a victory we want,
and a victory we must have.
Mr. President, I did not expect to hear on this
floor from a Union Senator, (and withal! respect
to the distinguished gentleman, who, I know, has
sacrificed as much as any of us,) and it greatly
surprised me to hear from him, at this time, the
reiteration of the charge that came daily from that
traitoi's desk, [pointing to the seat of Mr. Breck-
inridge,] that this war was inaugurated because of
the slavery agitation in the North. I presume
other northern States acted as did the State I have
the honor to represent on this floor. Our Federal
officers made themselves " slave-catchers" up to
the very day that Sumter fell; and even since that
outrage upon our flag, I blush to state, have slaves
been arrested in Kansas under the fugitive slave
law.
The agitation of the question of slavery induced
this war! Sir, this war was induced because of
the failure of that oligarchy in its efforts to extend
slavery into free territory. Had they been able
to overwhelm the brave spirits of Kansas, and
succeeded in making that slave territory, instead
of lighting in the field we should now be suffer-
ing from the terrorism of African slavery in these
halls. Slavery must have expansion; and it was
because its advocates failed to obtain, to steal, ter-
ritory for it to expand that they initiated the war,
and initiated it in a manner that covers all con-
cerned with disgrace, by trampling their oath of
office underfoot, by using this Government to its
own destruction, by years of conspiracy; and yet
