2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13.
of our civilization has reduced them to squalid
thieves, vagabonds, and prostitutes#
The sanguinary and expensive wars which are
engendered between the Indians and our frontiers-
men are generally attributed to some fault or act
of aggression on the part of the whites, while the
real and original causc is the fault of the Govern-
ment itself, by first adopting the policy of treat-
ing themasindependentnations,and bringing tbem
within the influence of our diplomacy for the sake
of cheating them by the terms of a written treaty
which they are unable to comprehend, and then,
by delays and downright bad faith, neglect or re-
fuse to discharge our part of the obligations. There
have been but few Indian wars the cause of which
cannot be traced back to some act of omission or
commission on the part of the Government itself.
In the case now under consideration, it was
three years from the time that you sent your com-
missioners among the Nez Perces to negotiate a
treaty before it was confirmed. Every day and
every hour of that three years'delay carried to
the hearts of those simple people evidence of bad
faith on the part of the Government. They were
promised that the whites should not settle in their
country until the first annuities were paid; but
two years before they received a dollar the whole
country was thrown open to settlement. Then,
again, the annuities which were promised to be
paid in stock and substantial improvements, were,
in a great part, paid in utterly worthless articles:
whistles and shoe strings, potl augers and gimlets,
and old, worthless, shelf-worn goods, purchased
by some swindling agent in New York at three
times their value, and then sent out at enormous
expense of freights. The annuities bore no re-
semblance to what had been promised, either in
value, quantity, or quality. Then, again, the
Government solemnly stipulated tlmt no white
man should reside upon the reservation. Your
troops are withdrawn, and there arc to-day from
five to ten thousand miners located there, and no
power in this Government to remove them. When
they come in collision with the Indians, as they
inevitably must do, and a bloody war ensues, and
when you are called upon to foot the bills, this
Government can console itself with the reflection
that the fault rests with itself. Suppose that we
manifested the bad faith which I have detailed, in
our dealings with any powerful civilized govern-
ment, how long would we be without a war upon
our hands.
As before stated, our Indian policy had its
origin in error, and in my opinion it would have
been better if the Government had asserted its
jurisdiction over them without the farce of recog-
nizing their national character by treaty. It should
have made ample provision for their comfort,
which would in some degree have corresponded
in value with the domain that we have acquired
from them. In short, we should have done in
reality what we have professed to do, and made
them the wards of the Government, extending
over them its fostering care and protection. It is,
perhaps, too late to inaugurate a new policy, but
it is not too late to begin to do justice; and the
proposition now before the Senate presents a case
where justice is imperatively demanded at our
hands in behalf both of the whites and of the In-
dians. If the Government were to derive no im-
mediate-pecuniary benefits from the purchase,
still it would be good policy to, invest a few thou-
sand dollars for the protection of both thelndians
and the whites in that remote region, particularly
when such an investment js likely to save the in-
curring of millions of expense in the prosecution
of a war, to say nothing of the loss of life, and
the destruction of property. But, looking at the
matter in a mere financial view, I still contend that
it is good policy to make the purchase.
Suppose, sir, that, contrary to all precedents,
and to all history in relation to our intercourse
with the Indians, that the people of Oregon and
Washington should, actuated by a high sense of
moral or legal obligations, refrain from trespass-
ing upon the Indian reservation, by crossing its
boundaries m search of the untold treasures con-
cealed there; or suppose that you had the power
to comply with your treaty stipulations with those
Indians, and were disposed to exercise it, by
keeping a strong military force upon the spot for
the purpose of doing just what you have agreed
with them, by solemn tieaty, that you would do,
namely, keep the whites off the reservation, I ask,
then, would it not be good policy to make the pur-
chase, and permit the industry of the country to
find employment? An employment which would
result in adding millions each year to our circu-
lating medium, not the circulating medium pro-
duced by the judicious combination of rags and
lampblack, but the hard, glistening gold of intrin-
sic value, whose perennial streams would invigor-
ate your industry and fertilize your trade in all'
sections of the country.
Within the last six months our people upon the
Pacific have suffered as great pecuniary losses, by
reason of floods followed by intense colds, as any
portion of the border States have by the treason-
able efforts of secessionists; and no resource is
left them except to repair their broken fortunes
by resorting to the mines. Thousands of them
are there to-day, encampcd upon the reservation.
Towns are being commenced, which will shortly,
if peace be maintained, rival the great mining
towns of California. At the last accounts hostili-
ties were imminent, and if our people are to be
precipitated into an Indian war, after the calami-
ties that have been visited upon them by the ele-
ments, our condition will be deplorable indeed.
In the name of that people I invoke the aid of this
Government to avert their ruin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the necessity is for appropriating $50,000
for this purpose. I notice that in the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Interior, $50,000 is
proposed for the purpose of negotiating a treaty
and purchasing the reservation; but the $50,000
in this amendment seems Unappropriated merely
for the purpose of negotiating a treaty.
Mr. NESM1TH. In relation to that, as 1 stated
before, it will be very expensive to hold a council
there. All the supplies must necessarily be ob-
tained from the mouth of the Columbia river, a
distance of some four or five hundred miles. As
I stated in my remarks in regard to the proposed
Shoshone or Snake treaty, provisions cost in those
mines where the treaty is to be made, about one dol-
lar a pound, including flour, bacon, beef, and all
dortsof provisions. They are immensely high. I
do not know but that a council can be held and a
treaty made for less than §50,000, but my own
opinion is, and I so stated to the committee, that it
could not be accomplished for less. If there is any
balance left, if His not necessary to use the whole,
I am satisfied that there will be an honest expend-
iture of the money if it is committed to the hands
of the two superintendents of Oregon and Wash-
ington. I believe they are both honest men and
will discharge their duty to the Government hon-
estly. I do not think that a less sum than $50,000
will be sufficient to accomplish the objectdesired.
That reservation is peculiarly situated. It is di-
rectly on the road which leads to that country.
Men traversing the continent to that country must
necessarily cross the reservation^ It is in thecen-
ter of what will some day, and within a very short
period, be a large, powerful, prosperous, wealthy
State. The deposits of gold are of such a charac-
ter as to attract vast numbers of people from all
sections of the country, and to-day expeditions
are organizing from the western fiontiers, and
people are constantly going up from California,
and we expect toopen,at no very remote period,
a road across the intervening portions of the con-
tinent from there to some of the settlements in the
western States.
As a matter of sound national policy it is im-
portant that these Indians should be removed from
the neighborhood of that great thoroughfare, that
they should be placed upon public lands some-
where else. Every foot of that country belongs
to the United States. They have not parted with
their title to a single foot of the country, I believe,
east of the Cascade mountains. I know they have
not sold any east of Walla-Walla, and none of it,
I believe, is occupied by settlers east of Walla-
Walla. All that vast region extending through-
out the northeastern portion of Washington Ter-
ritory, a fine, fertile country, susceptible of settle-
ment, is open where these Indians can be located,
and whore they can, at least in part, subsist them-
selves with the natural advantages of the country
and the annuities which the Government is al-
ready bound by treaty stipulation to pay to them.
I think there will be no trouble. They can be
taken to some valley which will be more remote
than the present position which they occupy,from
the line of travel across the continent.
It is almost impossible for me to describe the
true condition in which these people are. As I
stated before, they are a fine, brave, athletic, sober,
temperate, honest people, more so than any In-
dians whom I have ever known. They number
nearly six thousand. Of course, with eight or
ten thousand miners upon the reservations, as
there are to-day, they are naturally becoming de-
moralized. The stipulation which, at their own
suggestion, was incorporated into their treaty that
no person, not even an Indian, should be allowed
to take whisky upon the reservation for the pur-
pose of disposing of it, is daily violated. White
men are there by thousands. They have com-
menced building towns. Lewistown to-day is
quite a town, and two or three other towns have
been laid off on the reservation. The military
forces have been withdrawn; and there is no power
there to enforce the rights of the Indians, and keep
the whites away. I have, no doubt that in less
than ninety days from this time, there will be fifty
thousand people upon the reservation. I think,
as a matter of sound policy, for the purpose of
preserving peace, to say nothing about our treaty
obligations to these Indians, we should make the
appropriation, and I think that $50,000 is as little
as will accomplish the object.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there more than one band
of these Indians?
Mr. NESMITH. There is but one tribe.
Mr. GRIMES. Will it be necessary to hold
more than one treaty to accomplish this purpose?
Mr. NESMITH. They would have to assem-
ble at some point on the reservation, and be sub-
sisted duringthe time,the council was held. There
is but one tribe proper of them, but they are sep-
arated in different localities, and they would have
to be assembled together,
Mr. GRIMES. How distant are they from
each other?
Mr. NESMITH. Probably their most ad-
vanced settlement is not more than a hundred
miles from the other extreme of the tribe.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There is one thing for the
Senate to consider. We seem to.be going on very
curiously. We have a treaty with these Indians,
and here are two pages of the bill which are de-
voted to making provision for different objects
covered by the treaty. These Indians, it seems,
had a certain reservation, and now it is proposed
to buyout the reservation and remove them; and
the argument is that the people will go there, will
violate the treaties, although we are bound to keep
them off; and that renders it necessary that we
should purchase the reservation. Where is this
thing to end ? The proposition is, in the first place
we make an appropriation and buy the lands, and
reserve to the Indians a certain portion of those
lands, and guarantee to them that they shall be
protected in their occupation; and then it seems
that there is an application to us to make another
tieaty, and buy outthe reservation, on the ground
that the whites in that neighborhood cannot be
prevented from going there. So we keep on buy-
ing and buying. Where are they to go next ? If
they are driven off from this reservation, where
will they go ?
Mr. NESMITH. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state that that is the history of our deal-
ings with the Indians from the time Penn made
his treaty. They have been driven from one res-
ervation to another. In relation to intrusion upon
their lands the fact is so; and I can only illustrate
it by the Senator imagining that in some neigh-
borhood of the State of Maine, in which he re-
sides, a band of helpless Indians occupied a tract
of, say six thousand square miles, and upon that
tiact was discovered a very rich deposit of gold,
and that a man could make from one hundred to
four or five hundred dollars a day by crossing the
line, and invading the rights of the Indians, by
digging up their gold—I ask how he would expect
to prevent the citizens of his own State from going
there, without any troops, without any sort of
physical force to prevent it? This is a matter in
which cupidity governs men. I know that my
predecessor here used to say that the people of
Oregon were the most brave, the most handsome,
the most gallant, and the best people on the face
of the earth; but I do not believe they are any
better than the people of Maine. I believe that
the people of Maine would trespass on that res-
ervation under the circumstances, if it was near
them; and I beMeve any people under God Al-
