1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 10.
the special order any farther, and I believe I shall
procoed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If we can
have a vote on the bill, I know the Senator would
be willing to allow it to be taken. If we cannot,
I will agree to let it go over.
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir; if we can have
a vote 1 will give way.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is an amendment in order
now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then, in place of the
amendment which I proposed, I wove to strike
out the first section of the bill, which authorizes
enlistments from the volunteers into the regular
regiments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thiid time, and passed.
ARMY DIVISION STAFFS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the permis-
sion of the Senator from Illinois, the Chair will
lay before the Senate die action of the House of
Representatives on the bill (S. No. 122) provid-
ing for the organization of the stnlf attached to
divisions of the Army of the United States and
volun teers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We cannot
concur in those amendments, I think, and there-
fore I move that the Senate disagree to them, and
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; let it lie on the
table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to lay the bill on the table?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF COIN.
The bill (li. R. No. 341) to authorize the pur-
chase of com and for other purposes was read twice
by its tide.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Ordinal ily that bill would
be referred to the Committee on Finance; but the
committee have considered the bill this morning,
and it) ordei that it may be considered presently,
I move that it be laid aside.
Tin- VICE PRESIDENT. Tin: bill will lie on
the table, with the consent of the Senate.
CONVOCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 351) to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels.
Mr. liltOWNJNG. I assume, Mr. President,
that the earnest and sincere desire of every Sen-
ator is for the speedy and successful termination
of the war, the reestabhshment of the authority
of the Government, the return of peace, and the
return of revolted citizens to their allegiance. In
this wish we all agree. And liowevet much we
may differ in opinion and action, still, whatever
we do, is done because we behove it will be pro-
motive of thr-so ends, 1 also assume that m the
prosecution of these ends we all wish to keep
within the limits of the Constitution, and conform
to it& requirements, and preserve it in all its parts
unimpaired, fur our secuiity and protection now
and hereafter, and for the benefit of our posterity
foiever. We will have prosecuted the war to a
melancholy end if its result shall be only to re-
establish authority over the revolted States, and
overfill ow the Constitution. Unless we can save
the Constitution with the Union we had better let
them both go.
All the calamities that the rebel States are now
endming. all the disasters and mtseties which
have crowded upon them in one brief year, aie
the legitimate fruits of their disregard of theCon-
stitution, and an attempt to govern m violation of
its provisions. If lhey had adhoied to its prin-
ciples and abided by its provisions, peace, pros-
peiity, and good and equal government would
have blessed their land to-day as they had blessed
it h-om the hour the Constitution was adopted.
Inerc is danger in departing fiom it; and no ne-
cessity which has yet arisen can justify us in
doing so. Ev ry object we have iii view can be
betn r attained by keeping within its iimnatsous
than by overstepping them.
1 coinn de, as lias been claimed by Senators who
have preceded niein tins debate, that the bill under
consideiation exceeds in the importance of the
principles which it involves, and the magnitude
and difficulty of the subjects with which it deals,
any which has been before us during the present
session.
Its constitutionality is questioned. The power
to pass bills of attainder is expressly piohibited
to Congress by the Constitution, and I believe it
is not denied that this is a bill of attainder within
the meaning of the Constitution. How then, if it
be so, can we constitutionally pass it?
I understand the honorable Senator from Maine
to derive the power not from the Constitution, but
from the existing state of war. Or, to state the
proposition in his own language, " the general and
ordinary powers of Government, under the Con-
stitution, are applicable to the nation in a state of
peace; and yet, as clearly, the Constitution con-
templates the exercise of powers and tlie perform-
ance of duties peculiar to a state of war," &c.
The truth of this proposition, as thus stated, I
am not unwilling to concede, while I controvert
the deductions which the Senator has thought
proper to make from it.
The powers of the Government are unquestion-
ably enlarged by a state of war; that is, the Gov-
ernment may lawfully and constitutionally exer-
cise powers in a state of war which it cannot in a
state of peace; powers which are in entire •har-
mony with the Constitution, but which lie dor-
mant during peace, and are vivified and brought
into exercise and constitutionally asserted only in
a state of war.
But is Congress the Government? Do these ex-
traordinary powers belong to Congress; and may
Congress exercise them at all either in peace or
war? I think not. All the powers which Con-
gress possesses are those which arc gran ted by the
Constitution, and they are the same yesterday and
to-day and forever. They do not change, expand,
and contract with the unceitain and ever fluctuat-
ing tide of human affairs. With all possible re-
spect for the Senator's learning and ability I may
be permitted to suggest that the infirmity of his
argument is to be found in his distribution of the
powers of Government, a distribution, in my judg-
ment, directly in the teeth of the Constitution.
Says the honorable Senatoi:
u Thetc is no hunt on the powei of Congress ; but it is
iiwneiJ with the absolute powers of war. The civil func-
tions? of Government .lie, !oi tin: time being, m abeyance
when in conflict, and all State and national authority subor-
dinated to the extreme authority ot Connies.-, as the supieme
powei in the petil ol c\temal or internal Inutilities. The
oidinaiy pio\ i moiis of ilie Const notion, peculiar to a >-tatc
ot peace, and .ill law-.ami municipal i emulations must jiehl
to the foiee of martial law, n.-> ie&olved by Confess."
Then4, sir, is as broad and deep a foundation for
absolute despotism as was ever laid. In a time of
war, and especially in a time of domestic war, when
the restraints antf protection of the Constitution
are more than at any other time needed to check
and control inflamed passions, and protect minor-
ities fiom the oppression and tyranny of excited
majorities, life, liberty, property, all arc to be
held at the will and caprice of Congress, without
limitation, or icstraint of any kmd or character
upon its power. If these extreme war powers be
piostituted to the purposes of tyranny and op-
pression by the President, to whom the Constitu-
tion has inUusted them, when peace returns he
is answerable to the civil power for that abuse.
If Congress usuips and prostitutes them, the lib-
erty of the citizen is overthrown, and he is hope-
lessly without remedy for his grievances. The
Constitution was not constructed upon a sliding
scale; and I know of no single act winch Congress
may constitutionally do m time of war that it may
not, m equal accoid with the Constitution, do in
time of peace.
The extraordinary powers which the Govern-
ment may exercise m time of war, but the asser-
tion of which is denied to it m peace, arc war
powei s, vested in and to be wielded by that part
of the visible organism which repiesents the sov-
eieignty of the Government in the actual and po-
tential conduct and prosecution of war—and that
is not Congress. Congress can no more command
the Army, or interfere with the command of it
when in the field, than it can adjudicate a case at
law or eontrol the decision of a court.
The functions of Congress are civil and legisla-
tive only. Jtcan exercse no war powers, piop-
eriy so called. They belong to another depau-
ment of Government. This question has been .
considered and I think fully passed upon by the !
supreme judicial department of this Government,
and I pause long enough to invite the attention of
the Senate to a very brief consideration of two ad-
judicated cases pertinent to this discussion. The
first is the case of Luther vs. Borden, et al., (7
Howard, pp. 43 to 4G,) and grew out of the diffi-
culties m Rhode Island some years ago. The
Supreme Court, in the consideration of that case,
said:
" After the Piesident [not Congress] has acted and called
out the militia, is a circuit comtoftiie United States author-
ized to iiiqtiuc whether lit* decision was light? Could tiie
couit, while the parties were actually contending m ai ins tor
tile possession of the Government, call witnesses befoie it, 4
and mquue which paiiv repi canted a majoiity of the peo-
ple? if it could, then it would become the dutv ot'the <oui t
(ptovtded it came to the conclusion that the President had
decided meorieetly) to discbaige those who were anested
or detained by the troops in the service of the United States
or the Government which the President was endeavoring to
maintain." * * ******
u It is said that this power [the war power] in the Presi-
dent i? dangeious to liberty, and may be abused. All
power may be abused, if placed in umvouhy hands. Rut
it would be difficult, we think, to point outanv othei hands
'in which thi-5 power would be mote safe, and at the same
time equally effectual. When citizens of the .--ame rftate
aie in arms against each othei, and the constituted authou-
nes unable to execute the huvs, the interposition of the
United States must be prompt or it is ot' little value The
ordinary course of pioeocdmgs m couits of justice would
be utteily unfit for the ciisis." t
Mark this:
"And the elevated office of the President, chosen as lie
is by the people of the United States, and the high re-
sponsibility he could not lail to (eel when acting in a case
of to much moment, appear to furnish a<« sirnri** safeguaids
against a willful abuse of povi er as human piudenceand
foresight could well provide. At all events, it is conferred
upon turn by the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and mu>t theiefore be respectedand enfoiccd in its judicial
tribunal^."
Again, the court say:
" A question veiy ^imilai to this arose in the case of Mar-
tin vs. Mott, (10 Wheat.,29-31.) The lii^-r clause of the
fh.M section of the act of February -38, 1*9\ of which we
have heen speaking, authouzes the Pie.-ident to call out the
unhtia to repel invasion, it is the second clause in the
sune section winch authomes the call to suppress an insur-
rection against a State government. The powei given to
the President in eacli case is the same, with this difference
only, that it cannot be exeicised by him m the lattei cave,
except upon the application of the Legislature or Execu-
tive of the State."
That is in case of a State insurrection.
'•The case above mentioned arose out of a call made by
the President, by viituo of the powei confeired by the first
clause; and the eouir said that, 'whenever a statute gives
a disci etioiiaiv power to anv poison to he exei ci-ed bv him
upon his own opinion of certain facts, it is a sound idle of
constiaction that the statute constitutes him the sole and
exclusive judge of the existence ot those fact?.' Thegi omuls
upon which that opinion is maintained a'P set loith in the
lepoit, and we think aie conclusive. The same pnnciple
applies to the case now before the couit."
I invito the attention of Senators to the state-
ment of the com t in harmony with what I have
already stated:
" Undoubted I}', if the Pi evident, m cxeiciMrtg thh power,
shall fall into en or, or invade the rights of the people of the
State, u would be m ihe power of Congress to apply the
proper lemedy. But the coin is must administer the law as
they find it."
But, sir, if Congress, on the contrary, should
assume the exercise of war powers, should usurp
them, and should use them for the purposes of
tyranny, there is absolutely no remedy to lie found
anywhere. The court, in the consideration of
the Rhode Island case, continues:
a It was a vtate of war, and the established Government
resoited to the lights and usages of wai to maintain itself,
and to ovcieome rite unlawtul opposition And in that state
of tilings the ofhcei? engaged in its milit.uy service might
lawtuliy attest any one, who, fiuni the laloimation before
them, they had reasonable grounds to believe wax engaged
m the iiMiri eetion ; and might order a house to be toicibly
enteied and seaiched. w hen there weie leasonable gtounds
for supposing he might be theie concealed. Without the
power to do tins, mutual law and the irnlitaty an ay of the
Government would be ineie parade, and tatner emoutage
attack than lepelit. No mote toice, however, can be Used
than is neecssaiy to accomplish the object. 'And if the
power is exercised tor the purposes oi oppiession, oi any m-
juiy willfully done topeison orprop< rty, the part) by whom
or by whose orders it is committed, would undoubtedly be
answerable."
That is one case, and 1 turn for a single moment
to the other. The other is the case of Cross et at.
vs. Harrison, (16 Howard, 190,) and grew out of
a very peculiar and extraordinary state of things.
I think as early as 1846, California or the port of
San Francisco had been conqueied by the arms of
the United States. Shoi tiy afterward we had mil-
itary possession of all Upper California, but we
had no power to legislate for it. Congress could
not touch it. Congress had no jurisdiction, no
right to exercise or to assert any authority of any
