8056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1.
burgh, Vlbbard, Wall, Ward, Washbiiroe, Wheeler, Wha-
ley, Albert S, White, WIndom, Woodruff, and Worces-
ter—-86.
So the motion that there be a call of the House
was disagreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that on preliminary ques-
tions relative to this canal bill, he was paired with
Mr. Richardson, otherwise he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hickman
had left for home quite unwell.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move that
this bill be postponed until the first Monday in
January next?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. WASflRURNE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yens and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and jt was decided in
the aftimiative—yeas 65, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—William Alien, Alley, Ancona, Babbitt,
flnily, Diddle, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, William G.
Brown, Caivert, Campbell, Cobb, Fiederiek A. Coiiktlnjz,
Cravens, Oristteld, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dunlap, Ed-
wards, English, Fisher, Goocb, Goodwin, Gilder, Harding,
Holman, llutchlns, Johnson, Kelley, Law, Lazuar, Loo-
ims, McKnlght, MePherson, Mallory, Maynard, Mitchell,
Moorhend, Justin S. Morrill, Nljcon, Nugen, Pendleton,
Perry, Porter. Alexander II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Shanks, Shcfhold, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stiles, Stiatton,
Train, Trimble, Tiowbridgo, Vouoe. Voorhee«, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Walton, Wehstej, wilson, Woodiull,
and Worcester—C5.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, William J. Allen, Arnold, Ash-
hsy, Baker, Buxtoi, Beaman, Francis P. lilalr, lilake,
George H. Browne, Buffiuton, Casey, Chamberlin, Clark,
Clements, Colfax, Ko>eoe Colliding, Dawes, Delano, Del-
nphtiiie, Dlven, Ducll, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, l-'ossondon,
Fonke, Frimehot, Frank, Gianger, Gurley, Knight, Una-
ehett, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Lovejoy, Low,
Noell, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeioy, Potter, Price,
Ruldlc, Jmnes S. UolUus,Sedg\viek,Segnr,Shernuu ,Slm'l,
Sloan, Spauldlng, John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Van Ilom, Van Valkeubnrgh, Wall, Ward, WaMiburne,
Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. While, and Wood—6:*.
So the bill was laid on the taWe. t
Before the vote was announced,
Mr, BINGHAM stated that Mr. Hickman
was absent, end paired on this question with Mr.
Patton; he being for the bill unci Mr.PATTON
against it.
Mr. WINDOM stated that he had paired with
Mr. Wickuffk upon this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, stated that lie had
paired with Mr. Richardson.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In connection
with the bill which has just been laid on the tabic,
I ask the consent of the House to offer the follow-
ing resolution, which 1 ask to have read for inform-
ation.
The Clerk read the resolution, n.3 follows:
Resotvcd, That Jt hoatd, composed of five engineers, bo
appointed by the President to make a survey of tho New
lork and Erie canal ami of the Illinois eanai, with a view
to ascertain the practicability of enlarging thobo wuiki to
the capacity of transporting gunboats from the Mississippi
river and the Atlantic to the lakes, together with the piob-
able oost ofdoing the same, and the length of the, time which ■
will be required to eomph'te the woik.
Mi-. JOHNSON objected.
TENNESSEE COUItTS.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the permission to in-
troduce and ha.vo put on ita passage u bill to changc
the place of holding the circuit court and the dis-
trict court of ilia United States for the district of
Western Tennessee. I ask that the bill may bo
lead, and 1 think if gentlemen will listen to it
there will be 110 objection to putting it on its pas-
sage. It merely proposes to change the place of
holding uneof our district couits in Tennessee to
a more healthy location.
The bill was read. It provides that the district
court of the United States for Western Tennessee
shall hold its sessions in October and April in
Huntington instead of Jackson, Tennessee, and
makes the necessary provisions for the transfer.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the introduction
of the bill at this time.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the consent of the House
to take up and dispose of the amendments of the
Senate to the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. PENTON. I must object at this time, and
call for the regular order of business.
REBELLION LOSSES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 104,
relating to claims for the loss and destruction of
property belonging to loyal citizens, and damages
thereto by the troops of the United States, during
the present rebellion.
Mr, ROSCOE CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour com-
menced only one minute ago.
Mr. FENTON. 1 ask my colleague to yield
the floor for a moment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. For what pur-
pose ?
Mr. FENTON. To move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until Monday
next, and that it be made a special order for that
day.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to its being made a
special order.
Mr. FENTON. I shall be compelled to move
to postpone it to a day nearer at hand, unless the
House will give its consent to make it a special
order for Monday.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the consideration
of the bill be postponed until to-morrow. I make
this motion in accordance with an agreement with
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,]
who was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. What do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say in reference to the
gentleman from Kentucky being entitled to the
floor ?
Mr. FENTON. I understand that my col-
league will be entitled to the floor when the con-
sideration of the bill shall again be resumed. 1
move to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I move to amend the mo-
tion by inserting "after the morning hour."
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to that, if
the bill can then be made a special Older.
Mr. STKVENS. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to postpone the bill until the second
Wednesday of December next.
Mr. FENTON. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Illinois that I am in
favor, as he is, of postponing this bill until De-
cember next, unless it can be indefinitely postponed
or laid on the table; but the suggestion I make is
whether it is better to take the sense of the House
on the motion at this moment, or give time for
some further discussion as to the merits of the bill.
There have been, if I mistake not, some eight
speeches made upon this bill, of which only one
has been against it, the speech of my colleague,
[Mr. Oun,] and his opposition was not confined
strictly to the merits of the bill itself. For myself
I am ready to vote at this time.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling] yielded the floor to his colleague to make a
specific motion, and I hold that it is not now in
order to move a postponement of this question
! until next, session, which would deprive the gen-
! tleman from New York of his opportunity to be
I heard on this question before it is determined.
! Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to the ques-
tion being now taken on the motion to postpone
until next session, if it be the intention of gen-
tlemen to press that question upon the consid-
eration of the House. I should much prefer, of
| course, that the consideration of the bill should
I be resumed, and that it should be acted upon
; before we adjourn. Inasmuch, however, as the
- House will pot make it a special order, if gentle-
■ men contemplate making a motion to postpone
until next session, at any time, I am willing that
the question on that motion shall be taken now.
I hope that it will not prevail.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question on the motion of my colleague, that the
further consideration of this question shall be post-
poned until the second Wednesday in December
next.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. How did the
gentleman get the floor to demand the previous
question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York yielded to his colleague to make a motion,
and the Chair does not understand that he has
since claimed it. .
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I yielded to my
colleague for a special purpose, and I hold that I
now occupy the floor.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
, York held the floor to discuss the merits of the
i pending proposition, and he yielded to his col-
league to move the postponement of the further
consideration of the bill. Other motions to post-
pone have been made, and the gentleman from
New York could not hold the floor while those
motions were being made, unless it was for the
purpose of discussing them. The Chair does not
understand that he has any such purpose; and
the demand for the previous question is therefore
in order. If the motion to postpone be voted
down, the gentleman from New York will, of
course, still be entitled to the floor to discuss the
merits of the measure.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Lovejoy that the further consideration of the sub-
ject be postponed until the second Wednesday of
December next.
Mr. FENTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G4, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Anconn, Beaman, Bid-
die, George II. Btowne, Campbell, Clark, Cobb, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkl:ng, liopcoe Conkling, Coming, Cutlei,
Davis, Delano, Delaplame, Dunn, Edwards-, Eliot, Ely,
English, Fisher, Gooeh, Giangei, Gurley, Ilanchett, John-
son, L.izeni, Lovejoy, Low,McKnight, Mcpherson, Moor-
head, Nixon. Ohn, P.itton, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G
Phelps, Pome toy, Poitei, Alexander II. Rice, John [I. Rice,
Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabar-
ger, Sherman, Spciuldiiig, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stile":, Stratton, XJenjamin F. Thomas, Tiain, Trimble,
Tiowbridge, Verree, Ward, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Woicester—64.
NAYS—M> s*is. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Baily, Bing-
ham, France P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William G. Biown, B tiffin ton, Caivert, Casey,
Chamber!!)), Clements, Cox, Ciavens>, Crisfield, Ciitten-
den, Bawe*, Duel), Dunlap, Fenton, Fessenden, Fonke,
Frank,Goodwin,Gudei, Hall, Harding, Ilolman, Ilutchine,
William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Law,Loomis, Mallory,
Miiynaid, Mitchell, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Potter, Puce,
Riddle, James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Segar, Sliicl, Sloan,
John B. Steele, Van Ilom, Van Valltenburgh, Voorhees,
Wadsworth, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Web-
ster, Whaley, and Wood—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recuired on Mr. Fknton's
motion as amended by the motion of Mr. Love-
joy.
Mr. NOELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Me«sr«. William Allen, Arccona, Ashley, Bea
man, Biddle,George II. Browne, Campbell, Claik, Colfax,
Fiedenck A.Conkhng, Ro&coe Conklimj, Corning, Cutler,
DnvM, Delano, Delaplaine, Dunn, Edvvaids, Eliot, Ely,
English.Gooch,Gianger, Gurley, Ilooper. Johnson, Francis
W.'Kellogg, Lnzear, Lovejoy, Low, MeKmglit, MePher-
pon, Moorhead, Ju'-tm S. Moirill, Nixon, Olni, Patton,
Pendleton, Perry? Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter,
Alexander II. lliee, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Spauldmg,
William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stratton, Benjamin F
Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Veiree, Vibbaid,
Wall, Ward, Washburne, Albert S. White, Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodruff, and Worcester—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Alduch, William J. Allen, Haily, Bake?,
Baxter, Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair. Jacob B. Ulan, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Calven,
Casey, Chamberlin, Clements, Cox, Cravens-, Crisfield,
Crittenden, Dawes, Dive«,Ducll, Dunlap, Fenton, Fessen-
den, Fouke, Franchot, Frank, Goodwin, Gnder, Haight,
Hall, Hauling, Holinan, Hutchins, William Kellogg, Knapp,
Lansmg,Law, Loomis, Mallory, Maynard, Mitchell, Noell,
Norton, Nugen, Potter, Price, Richardson, Riddle, James
S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Segar, Shiel, Sloan, John B. Steele,
Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Wallace, Walton,
Webster, Wheeler, and Whaley—65.
So the motion, as amended, was agreed to.
