2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
to what has been said by the Senator from Ore-
gon, that a portion of the reservation of this tribe
of Nez Perces reaches into Washington Terri-
tory, but the larger portion of it is in the State of
Oregon. About~ono third of it lies nouh and two
thirds of it south of the river on which the gold
mines are discovered, and where our people are
Hocking. If we do not want the Indians over-
run and destroyed by the persons goivtfM.il there,
or to have an Tndian war brought on, rufs neces-
sary for us to negotiate with this tribe for some
exchange of the reservation. They should be
taken from the gold fields, or they will be utterly
destroyed, or we shall be involved in a war with
them.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the appropriation from $50,000
to §25,000.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not think $25,000 will
be sufficient to hold a council and make a treaty
with these Indians. If the Senate thinks differ-
ently I must submit, but I am of opinion that it
will defeat the whole object.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to propose as an
additional section 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the committee are not yet completed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is from the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us get through with
those that are printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The next section of the
printed amendments is, I believe, substantially
provided for in the original bill, and I do not pro-
pose to offer that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How about the last
amendment ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The last is on another
subject altogether, and perhaps discussion may
arise on that. As the scction which I hold in my
hand relates to the negotiation of treaties, I pre-
fer to offer it in this connection, as it is a limita-
tion on that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin will be re-
ceived and read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
at the end of the bill the following as an addi-
tional suction:
Jlnd be it further enacted, Tlmt under any of the appro-
priations contained in thi< act for the put pose of negotiat-
ing treaties, there shall be no new engagements euteied
into to pay moneys to any Indian tribes, and that all pay-
ments to be made under such treaties shall be made in spe-
cific articles, clothing:, and agrieultuial implement?.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The next section of the
printed amendments is provided for, or very nearly
provided for, in the last clause of the bill as it
stands. Instead of offering that printed amend-
ment, I move to strike out the following proviso
contained in the bill:
Provided, That all appropriations heretofore or hereafter
made to carry into effect treaty stipulation* oi otheiwi.se in
behalf of any tube or tubes oi Indian-*, all or any portion
of whom shall be in a mate of actual ho-tihtv to'the Gov-
ernment of the United States, including the Cherokee?,
Creeks. ChoctawSjCluckasaws, Semtnoles, Wichita*, and
their affiliated tubes, may and shail be suspended and post-
poned wholly or in pait at and during the discretion and
pleasuie of the PiCMdent.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, That all appropi iation^ heretofore or hereafter
made to cany into effect tieaty stipulations or othctwNe
in behalf of any tube or tribes, of Indians:, all ot any por-
tion of whom .shall he in a estate of actual hostility to the
Government of the United States, mavarid shall be applied
at the discretion of the Secretaiy of the Interior to the je-
lief of such of the membeis of ,-uch tube or ti ibes as have
remained loyal to the United States, and have been, or may
be, driven from their homes into the State of Kansas or
el&ewhere.
1will stats theobjcctof this change in that pro-
vision. These tribes, the Seminoles, Chickasaws,
and the Choctaws mainly are disloyal, and to
them quite a large amount of the appiopriations
provided for in this bill are going. They have
joined and driven out the loyal Creeks, and vari-
ous others, some eight thousand in number, into
the State of Kansas, where they are in a teiribly
destitute and suffering condition. With little ex-
ception, there is no money appropriation what-
ever for their benefit. The object of this provis-
ion is to take the money which would go to the
disloyal Indians, and use it to take care of those
who are loyal and have been driven out of their
country. It is in substance levying a contribu-
tion upon the disloyal Indians for the benefit of
the loyal Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. The last amendment pro-
posed by the committee has not been acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a slight
amendment to that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The remain-
ing amendment of the committee will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
And he it farther enacted, That hereafter no goods shall
be purchased by the Indian department or its agents for
any tube, except upon the written requisition ot the su-
peiintendent m chargc of the tribe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to it:
And only upon public bids in the mode prescribed by law
for the pureha&e of other supplies.
This is the present law; my amendment does
not change the law, but removes an ambiguity.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what the
present law is, but I know how bids have been ad-
vertised for in the papers. I have before mo a
Leavenworth.paper containing an advertisement
for a very large amount of goods, and in this ad-
vertisement the quartermaster asks for bacon to
be delivered there, and gives only five days' time
from the advertisement until the time when he is
to receive the bacon at Fort Leavenworth, in
Kansas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an old dodge.
Mr. POMEROY. If the present law admits of
that, it is wrong. I do not know whether the
present law admits of such an advertisement or
not, but that is the advertisement.
Mr. WILKINSON. The present law is suffi-
cient as it stands upon the statute-book. I know
that in my State advertisements were published
for many weeks, as many as six or eight weeks,
before the contracts were made. They were pub-
lished by the superintendent of Indian affairs for
many weeks before any contracts were made for
Indian supplies, under existing law, accotding to
the letter of the law.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, wasadopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I submitted an
amendment some days ago which I should like
to have taken up, if the amendments reported by
the chairman of the committee are through with.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wecannotgetthrough with
the bill to-night. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, JSIaij 13, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
269, to establish a Department of Agriculture, in
order that these amendments may be concurred
in. They will not consume more than a few min-
utes of the time of the House.
There was no objection; and the amendments
of the Senate were taken up for consideration.
The amendments were read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
have not had time to examine this bill, but 1
understand from its title that it creates a new De-
partment of the Government, and authorizes the
appointment of a new Cabinet officer.
Several Members. It does not authorize a new
Cabinet officcr.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Previous to the
administration of General Jackson, the Post-
master General of the United States was notcon-
s dered a Cabinet officer, and it was only at that
time, by the President's own act, he was made
one of his constitutional advisers.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order to go
into a discussion of the merits of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not propose
to go into a discussion of the merits of the bill,
but only to say a few words prefatory to a mo-
tion which I have risen to submit. If this were
a proposition to establish a Bureau of Statistics,
and to attach to it such duties as are necessary in
reference to agriculture, I would gladly yield it
my support, but believing that it is to establish an
entire new Department of the Government, I can-
riot sanction it; and at this stage of the proceed-
ings, the only way in which I can express my
disapprobation is to move that the amendments of
the Senate be laid upon the table, which will carry
with it the bill itself.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want the House to under-
stand distinctly that this motion will carry the bill
with it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will withdraw
the motion to lay upon the table in order to make
a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order at this
time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Make this a bill
for the establishment of a Bureau of Statistics and
Agriculture, and I will willingly go for it.
Mr. LOVEJOY.' I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 14, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Fredcnck A. Conkling, Duel!, Dunn,
Ftanchot, Glider, Hall, Hauhmj, llohnan, Kerngan, May,
Mavnard, John S Phelps, Wadswoith, and Wickhffe—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldueh, Allen. Anconn, Arnold, Joseph
Baily, Baker, Beaman, Biddlc, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S Blair, Blake. William G. Brown, Buffinton, Cal-
veit, Ca^ev, Chamberlm. Claik, Clements, Colfax, Cus-
field, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Dtven, Dunlap, Edwards,
Ehot, English, Fe^senden, Fishet, Frank, Gurley, Ilaiqht,
Ilaie, Ilatrison, Hickman, Hoiton, Julian, William Kel-
logs?, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Looting,
Lovejoy, McKuight, MrPheison, Menztes, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Justin S. Momil, Motrin, Odell, Perry, Timothy G.
Phelps. Pike, Potter, Ptice, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Riddle, Edvvaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Se-
gar, Sheffield, Shellatiaiger, Smith, John B. Steele,'Ste-
vens, Stratton. Benpimin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Tiairi, Tiowbndge,Yen ee,Vibbard, Wall, Wallace, Charles
W. Walton, E. 1\ Walton, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Al-
bert S. White, WiKou, Woodruff, and Woicestor—90.
So the amendments were not laid upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the. motion to concur in the amendments
fof the Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
theieof the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. HALL. A number of measures have been
presented here tending to abolish slavery in the
States. They are advocated on the ground that
the subversion of slavery is necessary to the res-
toration of the Unipn. While I do not believe
that these measures will be able to secure a ma-
jority in this body, yet the aiguments by which
they are supported are calculated to have a per-
nicious effect on the public sentiment. I feel it
my duty on that account to expose the effect of
these measures.
The authors of our Constitution were many of
them slaveholders; itwasadopted by slave States;
it recognizes the existence of slavery, and pro-
vides for the rights of slaveholders; it never could
have been adopted if it had been considered hos-
tile to slavery. Those, therefore, who contend
that the subversion of slavery is necessaty to the
existence of this Union, in effect contend that the
Union can only be preserved by the subversion of
the Constitution; and they call upon us to choose
between theUnion and the Constitution. T deny
that there is any such alternative. I deny that
the-existence of this Union is incompatible with
the Constitution. More than this, I assert that
the Union can only be maintained by preseiving
the Constitution, and that those who attempt to
subvert the Constitution by subverting slavery
arc the worst enemies to the Union with whom
we have to contend.
I have said that the subversion of slavery, by
this Government, can only be effected by the sub-
version of the Constitution. I do not mean that
any violation of the Constitution is necessarily a
