116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
usages and rights of military sei vice, and that during it's
continuance the recognized authority of the maxim that the
safety of the State is the highest taw, subordinates rights
of property, and dominates over civil relations. Third.
That therefore we do hereby declare that m our judgment
the President of the United States, as the Commander-in-
Chief of our Army,and the officers in command under him,
have the right to emancipate ali persons held as slaves by
rebels in any military district m a state of insurrection
against the national Government, and that we respectfully
advise that such order of emancipation be issued whenever
the same will avail to weaken the power of the rebels m
arms, or to strengthen the military power of the loyal forces.
Mf. HARDING addressed the House for fifty-
minutes, when the Speaker's hammer fell. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the House will in-
dulge my colleague with time to finish his remarks.
He was deprived of some ten or fifteen minutes of
his time on Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has allowed the
gentleman five minutes'extra time to-day; and the
Chair will say that the gentleman from Kentucky
only lost his time on Thursday by not responding
to the interrogatories of the Chair. The Chair
will protect the rights of members upon the floor
if they will answer the interrogatories he puts to
them. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kel-
logg] is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me to appeal to the Iiouse to
permit my colleague to go on.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, I will state that
my object in obtaining the floor is to move that
this resolution, and the kindred bills and resolu-
tions that were postponed to the same time of con-
sideration as this, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I have no purpose, at this time, of
discussing the question, nor have I any desire to
prevent the gentleman from Kentucky from con-
tinuing his remarks, if the House is inclined to
indulge him, provided that I have an opportunity
to make the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] asks that his colleague
[Mr. Harding] be permitted to proceed with his
remarks. Is there objection?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
Mr. HARDING. I have not troubled the
House before, and I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois for five or ten minutes more.
The SBEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
did not make the objection to the gentleman pro-
ceeding.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did not make
the objection. I was willing that the gentleman
from Kentucky should proceed, and am willing
now, but it is not within my control.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the rule
so that the gentleman and the House may under-
stand it. When the floor is assigned to a gentle-
man he is entitled to it for one hour withoutinter-
ruption, unless he chooses to yield for personal
explanations. Any gentleman upon the floorcan
object to his yielding it for any other purpose.
The gentleman from Illinois is entitled to the floor
and cannot yield it to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, objection being made.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I appeal to my colleague
to allow me a moment.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemancannotyield
the floor unless for personal explanation, objec-
tion having been made.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I should like to
accommodate my colleague; but as he cannot be
prejudiced, he will pardon me if I insist on my
motion, which is that the resolution under con-
sideration, together with the resolutions offered
and postponed in their consideration, be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary; and on that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman's motion embraces other mat-
ters—bills and resolutions thatare not now before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a privileged
question, I desire to make a report from a special
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that no
report is in order during the pendency of this
business
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Potter and Lehman were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, which was on the
motion to refer.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 57, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
Baker, Baxter, Biddle, Francis P. Blah. Jacob B. Blair,
George II. Biowne, William G. Brown, Bufiinton,Calvert,
Clark, Cobb, Colfax, ltoscoc Conkling, Cooper, C03, Cra-
ven?, Dawes, Delano, Diven, DueN, Dunn, Foufce, Fran-
chot, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gmley, Haidit, Hale,
Harrison, Hickman, Ilolman, Hooper, Johnson, Kelley,
William Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Lazcar, Leaiy, Lehman,
Loomis, Mallory, May, Maynard, Menztcs, Mitchell, Nu-
gen, Odell, Olin, Patton, Perry, T. G. Phelps, Porter, Alex-
ander H. Kice, Sheffield. SheMabarger, Spaulding, John I).
Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Train, Tumble, Upton, Vallamligham, Venee,
E. P. Walton. Waid, Webster, Wicklifte, Woodruff, and
Worcester—77.
NAYS—Messrs Aldrich, Arnold, Babbitt. Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Cham-
berlin, Fredeiiek A. Conkiing, Conway, Covode, Chitten-
den, Cutler, Davis, Dunlap, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Fenton, Fessenden, Frank, Glider, Harding, Ilutchins,
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy, Anson P.
Morrill, Morris, Noble, Noeli, Norton, X'ike, Pomeroy, Pot-
ter, John [I. Rice, Rukllc, Edwaid H. Rollins, Saigeant,
Shanks, Sherman. Shiel, Stevens, Trowbiidge, Vandever,
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wadswoith, Wall, John W. Wal-
lace, Wasilibmne, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White,
WiNon, and Windom—57.
So the resolution and the other bills and reso-
lutions on the same subject were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
During the vote,
Mr. CRAVENS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Voorhees, was absent from the city on account
of the sickness of the son of Judge Huntingdon,
of Indiana.
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. McKnight was de-
tained from the House to-day on public duty.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote hy which the bills and resolutions
on the subject of slave property were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPLICATION TO RECORD A VOTE.
Mr. KELLEY. I was absentfrom the House
yesterday when the vote was taken on the ques-
tion of adjournment over the holidays. I now
ask unanimous consent of the House to have my
vote recorded on that question.
Objection was made.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a privileged
question. I am directed by a special committee,
which has authority to report at any time, to sub-
mit a report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will make his report.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The special committee
of the House, appointed at the last session for the
purpose of inquiring into Government contracts,
have directed me to make a report. In this con-
nection I desire to say that the committee has the
unanimous concurrence of all its members, with
the exception of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Jackson.] He met the committee and acted
with it for a few days, but was then called to
Kentucky by a telegraphic dispatch requiring his
immediate presence there for the purpose of giv-
ing his aid in putting down rebellion. I shall sub-
mit a resolution for the printing of certain extra
copies. The chairman of the committee will now
submit some resolutions on the subject; and I will
then ask a postponement of the consideration of
these resolutions to a day certain.
Mr. VAN WYCK. lain directed to o£Fei the
following lcsolutions:
Resolved, ThuiihoSeeietui) oftlmTiea&ur.v he requested H
to decline making any fni ther payment to the*pmties inter- I!
e^ted in the steamboat Catalme, on account of the cluuter ''
j of said vessel by the United States, on the 25th davof IS
April, 1S61. J;
Rejohed, That the Secretaiv of the Tieasurybu requested I1
to adjust the chum against the Government Tor the five 1!
thousand Hail ciubmes putehased Thiough Simon Stevens,
E-q ? by General John C Fremont, on the 6th dav of Au- j
gust, lfe61, and af'terwaids delimed at the United States i;
ais^nal at the cit) of St. Louis, on the basis of a sale of Si
said arms to the Government for 50 each, rejecting all
other demands against the Government on account of the
put chase of said arms.
Resolved* That the practice of employing iriesponsible
parties having no official connection with the Government
m the performance of public duties which may be ptoperly
perlormed by regular officers of tiie Government, and of
purchasing by piivate contract supplies for the different
Departments, wheie open and fair competition might be
propeily invited by reasonable advertisement for pioposals,
is injuuous to the public service, and meets the unqualified
disapprobation ot this House.
Mr. FENTON. I have signed the report, and
I concur in all that is said in it, except as to some
of the inferences from the testimony taken in the
western military department.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the con-
sideration of the resolutions be postponed till the
6th day of January next.
I also move the following resolution:
Resohcd, That five thousand extra copies of.the report
of the committee to investigate contiaets, togethei with the
evidence, and ten thousand copies of the repoit, without
the evidence, be punted foi the use of the Iiouse.
The SPEAKER. That resolution goes to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of
making an inquiry as to the motive of thegentle-
man from Illinois, in moving to postpone till the
6th day of January next. If it oe bccause that
is the day fixed upon for the meeting of Congress
after the holidays I do not object to it; otherwise
I insist upon an earlier consideration of these res-
olutions, and will move to amend the motion in •
that view, inasmuch as it is not probable that the
Senate will concur in the resolution for adjourn-
ment. I move to amend by insertingnextTuesday,
at one o'clock, p. m., as the time to which these
resolutions are to be postponed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggested the 6th of
January next for the purpose of conforming to
the action of the House as settled yesterday. I
understood that the House voted to adjourn over
till that day. If the Senate should concur in that
resolution, and that a previous day should be
fixed for the consideration of this subject, then it
would go to the Speaker's table and might not be
reached. I feel no interest in the matter, except
to have it acted upon as soon as practicable, and
as soon as gentlemen can read the testimony on
which the resolution is based, and can make up
their minds.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether his resolution
about printing is so worded as to preclude the
binding of these documents at present. It is not
necessary or proper that they should be bound.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter which is
invariably determined by the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the resolution, if it be in order, by inserting a pro-
viso that these documents shall not be bound,
because, as I understand, this is but a partial re-
port, to be followed by other reports. They should
be all bound together.
The SPEAKER, When the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing is presented, it will be open to
the action of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Wasiiburne] will concur in the suggestion fixing
next Tuesday for the consideration of these reso-
lutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will adopt the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Indiana, if he will
put it in such a shape as that if the House should
adjourn over, it will take up this report upon the
first day after it meets.
Mr. HOLMAN. If such an amendment would
be in order, I would certainly offer it; but (would
suggest that the report be postponed until next
Tuesday; and if, m the mean time, it should be
determined to adjourn over, it may be postponed
until the 0th of January.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
this is a privileged report, and may be called up
at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will then yield to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Indiana, and
ask that the report be postponed until Tuesday
next.
Mr. DAWES. This is a privileged report, and
may bo called up at any tunc undci the iul s; but
if the House postpones it until a specific time, it
may not then be called up at any time, as I un-
derstand it. I think the purpose of the gentle-
