8058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
money. The question no wis upon concurring in
the Senate amend me A*, which is to strike out the
$14,500 which thij JHcrase agreed to pay, and to
put in its place g65,()00. I understand that to be
the effect of" the amendment upon which we are
called to vote, and I think it is very well for us to
consider a little, in the present state of the.Treas-
ury, whether tins largo appropriation should be
made.
No appropriations can be made for any western
interests, while we are called upon continually to
make appropriations for the eastern States. I have
never been in favor of this discrimination, but
when I see what we have seen to-day, it is time
that western men should come forward and op-
pose themselves to these appropriations to some
extent.
Mr. STEVENS. I like the spirit of the gen-
tleman from Illinois very well. Now, sir,wcdo
not make many appropriations for the West. To
be sure, there has been authorized the construc-
tion of a small railroad or two, which of couise
has not cost the Government anything, only a
few hundred millions of bonds. That 1 voted for
because it was a western measure almost ex-
clusively.
But in reference to this §05,000, it seems ne-
cessary that it should be appropriated this season.
The House appropiiation was some fourteen thou-
sand dollars to purchase six or seven acres, but
it was found that the whole of the island could be
bought, and that it could he had most reasonably,
and upon consultation with the chief of the Bureau
of Docks and Yards, Commodore Smith, and with
others, who were belter informed in reference to
the matter than we were, we came to the conclu-
sion that this was a proper amendment. But now
I confess that my faith is somewhat staggered as
the gentleman from Illinois differs with" me, and
especially as the reason lie gives for it is that he
did not get the canal. If there he any demerits in
this appropriation, then lot it be voted down. I
am not quite sure that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire ought to prevail.
The amendment is to authorize the Secretary to
purchase a part, if ho cannot obtain the whole.
Now, there are a large number of proprietors. I
am not sure that it is best to purchase of some, and
thereby create a mixed proprietorship, as here-
after, if you should want to buy the remainder,
the proprietors would charge whatever they chose.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I have
said to the House that nearly all the proprietors
o( the land on (his island have consented to sell
to the Government at. a fair price. Two or three
only have refused. If this amendment is adopted
I have no doubt the Government will be able to
procure all the island at a reasonable price.
Mr. SHANKS. I low many acres are there on
the island.'
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. Some-
thing more than one hundred acres of land in all.
Mr.SifANKS. I thought it was only twenty-
seven acres.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. The ori-
ginal proposition was to purchase only twenty-
seven acres. I ask to have the letter of the com-
mandant of the navy-yard read.
The Clerk read, us follows:
N VVY-YAUD, PORTSMOUTH, NKW IIAMPSHIUE,
June 23, 186-3.
* ***  * * * „
I Uuitk If ilie House would pass a bill to purolmsc the
whole bland foi\vf>5,00!), provided it could be puich.iscd for
Ihftt Mup and olcai mieslx: ivnriwri, or it otherwise, to nur-
cncise tiK« Jots along the water and ncct to the nuvy-vaid at
asli< <l lur tliem> ltu' wuoie matter imglit be
I look upon this shore of SVavey's Island as highly imnort-
> i. in tills yarj lur the Innrtingnf com, fur placmo station-
!nKti!?Vr?r.?,00rinsMup''"t 1110 vvli.uvc.-.,
and indeed for the purpose of landing any heavy article*
near die water and In places where they can be received at
the v!nl 'rk(i"WS a"a 1W "'°"Voye" thom t0 sl,i!)s ut
The hospital should ako be placedfcSor.vey's Island and
fkr of ts « ,"e ?'] W'n "mv l,iur,cll!,a<'<1 ttat a  the reman,:
< u of thii -land con ,1 soon be laid nt the price.-, nanjcd in
the papers herewith Im-waulcd by Dr. UVntwortli
''-!ml< &e-  G. F. PEARSON.
Bm.NK& OP TOM NAVAL COMMITTEE.
The .SPLAKER. The morning hour havmo
expired, it is the duty of the Chair to call up the
special older for to-day, which is the business
reported Horn the Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr SEDGWICIC. The day having been con-
sumed with other matters, J ask that the special
order may be postponed and assigned for to-mor-
row at two o'clock.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
CHARGE OP BRIBERY.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. On yesterday the
Gommittee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the further consideration of the matter referred to
it by a resolution of the House directing an in-
vestigation into the charge contained in the Tri-
bune in regard to the Galea & Seaton resolution,
and the matter was referred to a select committee,
but the number of the committee was not named.
I now ask that the committee shall consist of five
members.
It was so ordeied.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, I wish
merely to call the attention of the House to the
merits of this proposition as it appeals here upon
the face of this bill. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania undertakes to laugh my opposition to it
down; but I wish, gentlemen, first to examine it
for a moment, and see whether they are prepared
to concur in the amendment. The Committee of
Ways and Means, upon examination and upon
consultation with the Secretary of the Navy,
brought in a proposition to appropriate §14,000
to buy twenty-seven acres on this island which
they considered ail all-sufficient quantity and the
appropriation for which they considered sufficient.
Now, the Senate has put ill an amendment to buy
the whole island, for which we have no earthly
use, and the gentleman from New Hampshire does
not even know the number of acres in the island.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I sug-
gest to the gentleman, that the gentleman from
New Hampshire does know the number of acres
ill the island.
Mr.WASHBURNE. Iundemand thathe did
not till the gentleman from Massachusetts came
there and told him. It is proposed now by the
Senate that we shall add nn appropriation of
pi,000 to the sum which the House considered
amply sufficient when the subject was up before,
and purchase the entire island.
Now,apart from the considerations which I felt
myself authorized to dwell upon for a moment, 1
think the appropriation is too large. 1 do not see
any necessity for legislation upon the subject at
alf. I believe that the navy-yard at Iuitery is now
sullieiciu ftn all practical purposes. There was
very gi eat doubt about the propriety of voting ail
appropriation for the purchase of the twenty-seven
acres, but now the Senate propose to buy the whole
island mid pay speculators whatever they may de-
mand, without knowinganythingabout the num-
berol acres, and withoutknowingfrom competent
authorities whether this thing is needed or not.
I am opposed to this proposition, then,on gen-
eral principles as well as on tile particular grounds
that I have referred to, and which I do not disa-
vow, and never will disavow. I will stand up for
the interests of my own section, while 1 am will-
ing to yield everything to the interests of other
sections.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question. I wish to ask him if he
did not vote for that stupendous humbug, the agri-
cultural colleges bill, [laughter,] and if he did not
vote for it for the purpose of securing votes for
this other project, in which he takes so much in-
teiest, and I wish to ask him also if he was not
tremendously cheated in the end? [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did vote for the bill to
which the gentleman refers, but I did not vote for
it with any understanding in regard to the canal
measure or any other measure. I will confess,
however, that I was surprised when 1 saw the gen-
tleman from Vermont and his frienu, after we of the
West had generously came forward and voted for
his measure, slaughtering us in the West, slaugh-
tering the farmers of my own Slate, and whistlTn"
us down the wind.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois tell us what are the "general principles" on
which he opposes this appropriation >
Mr. WASHBURNE. The general pnncipie is i
that we do not want this island, that there is no
necessity for it, and that in voting this additional
$51,000 we should be voting money unnecessarily
out of the Treasury, which has been already too
much depleted.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I sug-
gest that the gentleman made that discovery quite
late in the day, not until he was defeated on a pet
measure of his own. I do not understand that
our legislation here is to be governed by any such
principles; at least I hope not. But I desire to
state to the House that this island contains one
hundred acres of land, that the owners of more
than ninety acres of that land already consent to
sell it to the Government, and that if this amend-
ment shall be adopted, the Government will be
able to purchase the entire island for the sum
named in the bill.
1 suggest also to the gentleman from Illinois that
we have abundant reasons for the purchase of this
island. It has been recommended by the head of
the Navy Department and by Commodore Smith,
and if the gentleman will take the trouble to read
the papers on file in the Department, and to ex-
amine the question thoroughly, he will find that
this island ought to be purchased, and that it is
necessary for the navv-yard and for the Govern-
ment.
I do hope that gentlemen herein the House will
not vote against a measure of this kind merely be-
cause the gentleman from Illinois has been de-
feated in a pet measure of his. I think we ought
to let each measure stand upon its own merits.'I
do not intend to oppose any measure that the gen-
tleman from Illinois may present, because lie may
have voted against some measure that 1 have ad-
vocated. I do not think that considerations of
that kind ought to govern us in our action here,
or to control our legislation upon important ques-
tions. I will give way now to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who desires to oc-
cupy the floor for a few moments.
Mr. DAWES. I want merely to say that I
voted for the scheme which the gentleman from
Illinois has just alluded to. I voted in favor of
that bill, but I do not wish to lemain silent here
undei the imputation that I voted fur it as a do-
nation to any particular section of the country. I
have not been governed here by any such princi-
ple in legislation since I have held a seat upon tins
floor. I have not felt it my duty to ask how much
I can get in aggrandizement of, or of donations
from, the Treasury for any particular section. I
had not heard, until this moment, the measure
alluded to advocated upon any such ground. I
listened to the advocacy of that measure as a great
national scheme. I found no other foundation for
its support except in that; and I am not to bo put
down as one of the advocates of it on any such
principle as is suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois. If it is not a national scheme, if it is not
a bill to develop the resources of the whole coun-
try and to protect it from foreign invasion, it does
not deserve the consideration of this House for
one hour. If we are to divide ourselves off into
sections and see which can most successfully plun-
der the Treasury by bills and legislation here, we
had better abandon this place and go home. Un-
less we can look to the whole country, and to the
development and protection of the whole country,
we do not become the seats we hold here.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether he did not vote for that
stupendous fraud—the agricultural college bill 
that cheat upon the West?
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is a well-
known fact that when this subject first came to
the attention of the House it was through the in-
strumentality of a gentleman fiom New Hamp-
shire, who is not now oil the floor, and I am 111-
foimed that the amount which was then proposed
to he appropriated was between twelve and four-
teen thousand^ dollars. The subject was then
considerably discussed, and the sum has gradually
increased, till now we are asked to appropriate
§65,000 for this purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will recollect
that the proposition made at first, anu to which he
refers, proposed the purchase of only twenty-
seven acres of land. The yard was examined,
and it was found that although it was possible to
get along for a time with that quantity of ground,
it was not all that was desirable. I may say while
I am up, that last fall Commodore Smith exam-
ined this place, and gave us the assurance that it
