1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HB9l
on the one hand, and a dissevered country, dis-
honored flag, and slavery on the other, the choice
will be made in behnlf * i the country with asub-
limity of patriotism .u<i a hoiuie sacrifice of indi-
vidual and local interests, and cherished opinions
and prejudices worthy of the sons and daughters
of immortal sires.
But let us not force this necessity upon them.
If it mhst come they will submit to it—hard as it
may be they will submit to it. Let us do all we
can to ward it off. Let us deal with them kindly
and generously, as well as justly, and show them
by our deeds that our words of loyalty to the Con-
stitution with all its compromises, are not vain,
hollow, and deceitful. Let us give to them, in
person and property, the same measure of protec-
tion that we claim for ourselves, and show them
that we love the country and venerate the Con-
stitution more than we hate and detest their local
domestic institution; and then both they and we
will meet and bear together the necessities that
arc born in this dark hour of national travail,
whatever they may be. They will ask nothing
more. Or, if they do ask more, and prove false
to their past history and to the high and noble love
of liberty and free constitutional Government by
which I suppose them to be actuated—if they do
ask more, and demonstrate that they are fighting
for slavery first, and for the country only as an
instrument to uphold it; that slavery and not the
Union and the Constitution is their war cry and
their inspiration—then, sir, for one, I am ready to
wage upon slavery a war of total and utter exterm-
ination; for there is nothing on this earth , no tie
of friendship, kindied,or nativity; no individual
interest of father or mother, sister or brother; no
prejudice of early education, however inveterate;
no strong affection of maturer years, however
hallowed; nor love, nor hate, nor memory of the
past, nor expectation of the future, that shall stand
between me and my loyalty to this blessed but
bleeding land, and my efforts to save it from over-
throw and ruin.
i am willing to believe, and do believe, that true-
hearted men in the slave States have embarked in
the war with equal earnestness, and bring to the
cause equal devotion with ourselves, and that they
are fighting for law and liberty, the Constitution,
and the Union, for the great interests of mankind,
and not simply for an individual interest of their
own; and I am also willing to believe that they
will, with us, accept and bear all the necessities
winch the war imposes, whatever they may be;
and if, m its fiery and impetuous course, as it
surges from State to State, slavery shall be neces-
sarily and inevitably swept before it, and a tradi-
tion only of the institution be left behind, their
patriotism and loyalty will bear even that. But
to be borne and submitted to, it must come as an
inevitable and inexorable necessity, and not be of
purpose contrived and forced upon them by us.
On the contrary, it is our duty to do all we can,
consistently with the higher and nobler objcct of
saving the country, to obviate the necessity, and
give protection even to this description 01 prop-
erty, and save it from destruction, just as it is
their duty to do all in their power consistent with
the primary and grand object of the \\ ai, to guaid
and protect our rights, and save our propel ty from
destruction. And if, when the f.torm is past and
the war is ended, and peace smiles again upon the
land, and the national flag floats again over the
soil and in the breeze of every State, there shall
be one slave, the property of a loyal citizen, found
remaining in any of the States, the right of that
loyal citizeiUo that slave will be as inviolable then,
and as far beyond the rcach and power of the Fed-
eral Government as it was before the war began;
and the Geneuil Government will have no power ,
to interfere with the title by which he is held; no
power to emancipate him, or to fetter and limit
the muster's control over him, but must leave that
question where the Constitution Jeft it—with the
State government. That alone will have adequate
power to act. The General Government will have
none, and will neither claim nor usurp it. 1 he
very best thing for us to do now while the war
rages, and the best thing for us to do when it is
ended, will be to deal fairly and justly with all,
and to awaid to all the full measure of protection
for both person and property, secured and guar-
antied by the Constitution and laws, to the full
extent of our ability to do so*
These, sir, are my views of the principles which
should govern us, and of the measures that should
be adopted in the treatment of slaves owned by
loyal citizens. To enforce these principles, and
execute these measures, no legislation is neces-
sary. The laws are now ample for these ends.
Our duties and the rights of othemare alike well
understood. Legislation cannotmake them plain-
er, cannot add to them additional force; laut will
only tend to complicate, embarrass, and bewilder.
Let us then forbear, and instead of seeking to es-
tablish new rules, instead of searching after new
definitions and interpretations of rights and du-
ties, let us abide by the old, confident of thek effi-
cacy, if adhered to, to work out a solution of all
the seeming difficulties which encompass this
question.
But the property of rebels, including their slave
property, as well as the property of loyalists is
to be dealt with; and I proceed briefly to inquire
whether any legislation in regard to that is ne-
cessary, or whether the whole subject cannot be
better managed by the rules of law now existing
than by any new ones we can enact. In what
I say upon this subject I wish it understood that
I have reference to movable property only, and
not to real estate. In regard to lands and tene-
ments it may be that a different rule should be ap-
plied, and a different course of procedure adopted;
but as it respects movable property and our power
over it and treatment of it, the law as it now
stands is equal to any emergency which may
arise—is plain, simple, and easy of application
I pass by all refinements and speculations as to
the name or term that shall be used to designate
the existing state of things. Call it treasonable
insurrection, call it rebellion if you will; it is
both, but it is nevertheless war—real, actual, pres-
ent war to all intents and purposes; and we are
entitled to claim and exercise all the war powers
and belligerent rights which arise out of and per-
tain to a state of war. The so-called confederate
States,andall who acknowledge allegiance to them,
or take part with them, are public enemies. They
are at war with the United States, and all the usual
concomitants of war attend the conflict. Men
taken in battle are held as prisoners; flags of truce
pass between the hostile lines; intercouiseisinter-
dicted between certain Stales and parts of States;
seaports are formally blockaded, and prisoners of
war are exchanged; and all the incidents which
usually attend what is technically called a solemn
war are present in this; and all the laws of war
apply, and all belligerent rights attach. What
are these laws of war,and these belligerent rights?
By a state of war that of society between the
belligerents is suspended. The rebel States by
making war upon the United States have, for tiie
time being, dissolved the state of society which
previously existed between them; and they are no
longerentitled to invoke the protection of the Con-
stitution and laws which they have repudiated
and are endeavoring to destroy. The state of war
in which they have put themselves, and which it
was in their own power to prevent, permits of it-
self every method of recognized warfare which
can be used against them to subdue them, so that
they have no reason to complain whatever we do.
By &he laws of war already existing, and un-
doubted, and universally acknowledged by civil-
ized nations, we have the belligerent right to seize
all the pioperty of those who are in arms against
the Government, or aiding, assisting, and encour-
aging those in arms, which comes within our grasp,
and by the seizure of which an advantage directly
accrues to ourselves, or the power of the enemy
to do us injury is weakened or diminished. " By
the law of nations not only he that makes war for
a just reason, but also every man in a just war,
acquires a property in what he takes from the
enemy, and that without rule or measure, at least
as to the external effects with which the right of
propeity is accompanied; that is to say, neutial
nations ought to regard the two patties at war as
lawful proprietors of what they < an take from each
other by force of arms, the state of neutiulity not
permuting them to espouse either side.'' " And
with lespect to movable effects, as they may be
easily tumsferred by commeice into the hands of
the subjects of a neutial Male, often w i'liout then
knowing that they weie taken m war, the tran-
quillity of nations, the good ofcommeice,and even
the state of nrutiality require that they should
ever he reputed lawful prize," and that the right
of property should vest in the captor.
The principles of-Aaw, thus stated, declared the
rights which war gives over the effects of an ene-
my, taken in a solemn war, declaredjn form be-,
tween two States always distinct. Bat precisely'
the same principles arid rules which applyio and,
govern whataie technically called solemn warsj are.,
applicable to civil war, and they embrace
sons who take part in the war against the GoverKv
ment, whether the State where the hostile act is
performed has formally thrown off the authority^of
the general Government or not. When a S&ie
actually divided into two distinct and independent^
bodies, warring upon each other, they have< no
more right, as between each other, to claim the pro-1
tection of the Constitution and laws of the former'
Government than the citizens of a foreign State'
at war with us would have a right to claim sucH'
protection. The laws of civil society, that is, mu-
nicipal laws and constitutions, as regulating inter-
course between the parties and settling their mu-
tual and relative rights of person and property, ar6
dissolved, and the only rights as between them
which can be insisted upon are belligerent rights;
and one of these is the right-to take, confiscate,
appropriate, and dispose of, as we please, abso-
lutely and forever, all the movable property of
everjr kind and character belonging to the enemy
individually and collectively, which has any rela-
tion to the end of the war, and which tends to our
advantage by strengthening us or by weakening
the enemy, and diminishing his ability to carry on
the war and do us injury.
The exercise of this uelligerent power, the as-"
sertion of this belligerent right of seizure and con-'
fiscation, in no sense and to no extent endangers
the liberty of the citizen; nor is there the least
occasion for alarm in that regard. It deals with
public enemies only, ltdoes not touch the loyal
citizen nor his rights of person or property, nor
at all intermeddle with the relations'between him
and his Government, nor fix nor attempt to fix
rules of property between the citizen and Govern-
ment or between citizen and citizen, but is limited,
in the class of persons upon whom it operates, to
public enemies. The exercise of this power is
not usurpation, but is fully warranted by the laws
of wai, which antedate constitutions, and is in
entire harmony with all the principles of interna-
tional political law. It is a high, important,and
valuable power, which the Government cannot
afford to surrender, and without the exercise of
which this war can never be brought to a success-
ful termination.
I do not speak this in reference to slaves alone,
but to all property. Can the war be prosecuted
upon the understanding thatall the property cap-
tured from the enemy is to be held for restoration
to former owners when the war is over? If a gen-
eral, in the progress of the war, needs the horses
or the negroes of a loyal citizen for public use,
he may take them, but must make compensation
for them, or restore them when the necessity has
passed, making compensation for their use. But "
if he captures horses from those in arms against
the Government, from public enemies, are they
not at his absolute disposal? May he not use
them, sell them, destroy them, or turn them loose
upon the desert, according to the exigencies of the
case, without accountability to those of whom
they were captured? And if he may turn loose
horses, why may he not negroes? They both
stand to us in the relation of property of the
enemy, which wc may lawfully take, either to
weaken him or strengthen ourselves. And if we
have no right or power to take the negro, neither
have we right or power to touch or take any other
description of property belonging to the enemy.
Wiil any one pretend that if the horses and cattle
of the enemy come within our lines, we should
drive or send them back to strengthen him, and to
be used by him in waging war upon us? And if
not horses and cattle, why drive or send back ne-
groes, which wiil strengthen him to a much greater
extent, and be far more valuable as a means and
material of war? The consequences of such a pol-
icy will be, that while the enemy acts upon the
laws of war, and plunders us, and confiscates all
our propel ty that he can reach, and despoils, crip-
ples, and weakens us, our hands will be so tied as
to disable us from touching anything that is his;
or if we touch it at all, touch it only to return it.
I repeat, Mr. President, that so valuable, so
indispensable and vital a belligerent right ought
not to be surrendered nor even suspended.
