1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
man may be accomplished by allowing the report
to lie on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor-
rectly; but, if the day to which the report has
been postponed has passed, it will then be in order
to call it up at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I then ask that the vote
may be taken on my motion to postpone until
next Tuesday.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman who is
chairman of the Committee on Printing to state
when we can probably get the report printed? I
understand that it covers some twelve hundred
pages. I ask whether it can be done by next
Tuesday ? I want an opportunity to read the tes-
timony before I am called upon to vote upon it.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I understand
that the report is already printed.
The report was then postponed until Tuesday
next, and ordered to be printed.
APPOINTMENT OF ASSESSORS, ETC.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have a bill
which I desire to report from the Committee of
Ways and Means—a bill to which not a single
member of the House will object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a single statement, and
I am sure no gentleman will object to the bill I
propose. It is to postpone the appointment of
assessors and collectors under the income law for
three months, or until some further resolution
shall be had in the matter; otherwise the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under the present law, will
be compelled to appoint them on the 1st of Jan-
uary. It is, of course, expected that we should
alter and enlarge the time for the appointment of
these officers. If there be no objection, I propose
to report a joint resolution for that purpose.
There being no objection,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, reported a joint
resolution suspending the appointment of assess-
ors and collectors under the income tax; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that so much of
the act entitled 44 An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imports to pay the interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved August
5,1861, as relates to the appointments of assess-
ors and collectors for the collection of the income
tax be suspended until the 1st of April next, or
until further resolution thereon.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
PAYMENT OF MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to secure to
the officers and men actually employed in the
western department, or department of Missouri,
their pay, bounty, and pensions; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has that bill been printed?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It has not; but it
is a very brief bill, and after it shall have been
read I will give whatever explanation gentlemen
may desire.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secretary of
War to allow pay to the officers and men actually
employed or in service, whether mustered into
actual service or not, where their services were
accepted, or where they were actually employed
by Major General John C. Fremont, or by the
gcneiai commanding the western department, or
departmentof Missouri,the same pay and bounty
as i'i the case of regular enlistment.
The second section provides that the officers and
men so employed, who may have been wounded
or incapacitated m service, shall be entitled to re-
ceive the pension allowed for such disability.
The third section entitles the heirs of those
killed in battle or otherwise, or those who have
died of their wounds received in service, to re-
ceive the bounty allowed under existing law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The object of the
bill is explained by its reading. There is no mis-
take about it. It is not necessary that it should
[)L' printed. It is very important that it should be
acted upon as speedily as possible. It requires
that the Secretary of War should cause to be paid
to the officers and soldiers employed in actual ser-
vice in the field m the Western department, or
departmentof Missouri, the same pay and bounty
as other officers and sokliers who have been reg-
ularly enlisted. Itis well known to gentlemen on
this floor that General Fremont employed a num-
ber of officers who actually performed service,
many of whom were killed or wounded in battle.
A number of regiments were actually employed
in service in the field or for guarding railroad
bridges. Some two or three of these regiments
were in the trenches at Lexington, and did ser-
vice under the orders of General Fremont This
bill is to put them upon the same footing, in re-
spect to that service, as if they had been regularly
mustered into service.
I will say that the appointment of these officers
has been suspended or discontinued by the Pres-
ident, and that their pay will therefore onlv run
to the date when this order was given. They
ought to be paid for the services actually per-
formed under the orders of the commanding gen-
eral of that department, and I hope there will be
no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to know whether the
bill gives all the privileges to these officers and
soldiers they would have had if regularly mus-
tered into service ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. During the time of
their actual employment in service.
Mr. EDWARDS. They are, then, to have the
same privileges of bounty as others?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Those who were
honorably discharged, and were in service for the
time required by law, will be entitled to bounty
as other soldiers.
Mr. EDWARDS. Whether they were in ser-
vice for a longer or shorter period, for ten days
or more?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. No, sir. The law
requires them to have been enlisted at least one
year to entitle them to bounty. If these soldiers
come within the requirements of the law in that
respect, and were honorably discharged, they will
be entitled to bounty; or if they were wounded in
actual service, and discharged on account of dis-
ability so incurred, they will be entitled to pen-
sions as if they had been regularly in the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to know what con-
struction the War Department has placed upon
the act of the last session relative to soldiers who
have been discharged on account of wounds re-
ceived in service—whether they are entitled to
$100 bounty by that act?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. As I understand it
the construction given to that act makes it appli-
cable only to soldiers enlisted after the law was
passed, and not to those who were enlisted prior
to that time.
Mr HOLMAN. The point I desire to arrive
at is whether soldiers enlisted after the passage of
that act, but who are discharged prior to the ex-
piration of two years, in consequence of wounds
received in battle or from any other cause, are to
receive bounty as if they had served for the full
period of two years ? .
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I know nothing
about the decision of the Department on that
point, except from common report in the news-
papers.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to know whether we are
to understand that these officers and soldiers thus
engaged in war were illegally engaged? Whether
there is no law already provided to pay men who
have so served? Whether General Fremont had
no authority liy which he could legally use these I
men? Whether itis requisite for us thus to vote spe-
cial pay for these men > I would like to be informed
whetherthe men who followed Major Zagonyi in
his gallant charge at Springfield, Missouri, were
performing an illegal act? I would like to know
whether they were there simply as murderers, or
whether they were there legally and rightfully as
soldiers of the United States, slaying rebels wher-
ever they eould find them, though the odds were
ten to one > Will the gentleman inform me of these
things?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It will be impossible
for me to answer the gentleman's rhapsody. I
will state the fact that the Government of the Uni-
ted States, or rather the War Department,^ has
decided that General Fremont appointed officers
illegally. He assumed the power to appoint offi-
cers, which, by the Constitution of the United
States, is confided to the President at the time,
whoever he may be.
Mr. ALDRICH. Let me put a question to the
gentleman.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I want to answer
another inquiry. General Fremont did employ
soldiers not legally mustered into the service, or
not mustered into the service so as to entitle them
to the pay which the law provides. As to whether
they are murderers or not, I will leave casuists to
decide.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whether this
bill will cover the case of my friend from Illinois,
Colonel Lovejoy, and my other friends, Colonel
Gurley, of Ohio, and Colonel Shanks, of Indiana?
I would like to know whether this bill will give
those gentlemen their pay. My vote will depend
upon the answer to that question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman from Minnesota that the officers he has
referred to were appointed according to law, and
that therefore this act does not apply to them.
They were appointed under an act passed by Con-
gress at the last session, which empowers the gen-
eral to select his aids with the approbation of the
President, and also to determine their rank.
Mr. ALDRICH. But have they received their
pay?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Idonotknow. I
suppose that is a question which concerns them
more than it does anybody else.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Missouri will yield to me.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the War
Department has decided that when a soldier has
been killed, who has enlisted since the last session,
and has left a wife and children, his wife is en-
titled to the benefits of the act; but that when he
is discharged from the service on account of dis-
ability incurred after his enlistment, he is not
entitled to the benefit of the bounty. The effect
of this bill then is to confer upon the soldiers en-
listed in the State of Missouri, under General Fre-
mont, a privilege which is not enjoyed under the
construction of the War Department by soldiers
elsewhere. On that ground there is grave objec-
tion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will remark to
the gentleman from Indiana that he totally mis-
apprehends the purport of this bill. It docs not
confer any privilege or any pay or bounty upon
the soldiers employed by General Fremont differ-
ent from those conferred upon every other soldier.
It merely puts them upon the same footing, in so
many words, with the other soldiers of the United
States who have been legally enlisted. It makes
no kind of distinction, but puts them upon the
same ground in regard to pay and bounty with
other enlisted soldiers. There is no kind of dif-
ference made between them.
Mr. Speaker, this act is a simple one, in which
the committee have sought to cover the case of
men of great merit, who have served the country,
and who have been actually employed in the field
as officers and men. I cannot believe that there
can be any reasonable objection to its passage.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have no seri-
ous objection 1$ the passage of this bill. What
objection I have is not on account of the gentle-
men from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] and Ohio [Mr.
Gurley] or myself, but owing to some circum-
stances surrounding the removal of General Fre-
mont—owing to the attack upon and removal of
General Fremont from the western department.
I stand here as the Representative of a people who
have confidence in General Fremont,and whoare
not willing that 1 should permit to pass over his
name an appropriation bill to pay all men and offi-
cers connected with the western department of the
country, never mind by whom appointed or em-
ployed. I do not intend that all these things shall
be put down to his name as a violation of the law
of the country. 1 have a serious objection to it
when it names John C. Fremont. I ask gentle-
men before that bill is passed, thatother men who
have made appointments of officers shall be men-
tioned. If there have been errors on the part of
; General John C. Fremont, let them stand upon
his responsibility, and let those of others stand
upon their responsibility. Let the bill say that
more than John C. Fremont have appointed offi-
cers, and let those who have, be pursued likewise
by General Thomas and Simon Cameron, in Iet-
teis addressed to the country. I ask attention to
