8060
THE COJSTGKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
July 2,
I doubt not, was fully considered at the time this
matter was-originally before the House. If it is
necessary to purchase one hundred acres as an
addition to the navy-yard indicated in the bill, I
do not think we should hesitate as to the price.
Whether the price indicated is too much for the
land proposed to be purchased or not, I do not
know. That I shall leave to the consideration of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. But it does seem
to me that if there is a necessity of purchasing one
hundred acres of land as an addition to the navy-
yaid at Kittery, there should be some gentle-
man, some friend of the bill, who can make it
apparent to the House. I have listened to the
chairman of the Naval Committee, and the only
reason that ho has assigned, so far as I have un-
derstood him, is this: that the island is fast set-
tling up, and that by the present law there is a
necessity for granting persons who reside there
the right of transit through the grounds of the
navy-yard. If we buy lliis island, that objection
will be removed. That is the only reason I have
heard assigned for purchasing this <ine hundred
acres of land, and for appropriating this additional
$51,000. The only reason assigned is, that itwill
avoid the necessity of the transit, of the few per-
sons who live on the island across the grounds
now belonging to the navy-yard, and of avoiding
the necessity of keeping up a bridge for their ac-
commodation.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to mo we are not in a con-
dition to throw away money for a trifling purpose,
and if there is no other reason, it is throwing away
mure th;m fifty thousand dollars. There must be
some motive aboveand beyond all this. I impugn
no nmn's motive. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire can give to the House a reason why
we should purchase this one hundred acres of land
for the enlargement of this navy-yaid, I will vote
for the amendment. It is not with me a mere mat-
ter of dollars and cents peracie, for I know noth-
ing about the value of it. I repeat that the only
matter I desire to know is the reason or necessity
there is for this addition of a hundred acres of
land.
It is said there is a communication from some
officer ol'a bureau in the Navy Department upon
tho subjcct. If he hasgiven a reason for it, 1 think
it has tint been communicated to the House.
Mr. Speaker, ibis matter does savor to me
somewhat of speculation in the sale of the land.
J am afraid there is very little speculation in the
jmrchase of it. Whether it is in the East or West
is n maiter of no importance to me. The building
of a Navy is a national concern, and if the land is
purchased at all, it should be because it is wanted
i'or the use of that, navy-yard, because it involves
u natimml defense. It matters not a straw to me,
whether it is in Maine or Wisconsin, and, in my
judgment, it ought not to matter to any one. If
we have got to that sad, lamentable condition,
where tin; location of a navy-yard or hospital is to
incut tho approbation or disapprobation of mem-
bers from any State because it is or is not in their
vicinity, it is time that we should ccase to talk
about the Onion and the general interests of the
country. Sir,I have not given, and I trust inGod
I will never give a vote upon such considerations.
I cannot but, remember the bond that unites us and
makes us one people. The blood that circulates
thiuu^h the physical system, no less in principle
and analogy circulates through the great system
"1 Siuuvot this Union. And he who strikes down
but one limb strikes at the heart of the Union, at
the vital principle of our Confederacy.
it lias been sait! in this discussion that the ques-
tion of western improvements is concerned in this
matter. Two or three gentlemen have alluded to it.
Sir, 1 do not say how justly some gentlemen voted
n^uiust a certain measure for western impiovo-
mcnt. I have no right to oay that; but I will say
in reference to my own vote upon that measure,
that it win not controlled by considerations of a
sectional nature. I believe it to be a national im-
provement. I believe it to be an improvement
which concerns the whole nation; an improve-
ment of so great, paramount, and palpable im-
portance that this House, that the country, will
come to see it in such magnitude that they will
come so to see its importance to every poition of
the country as providing a great artery of com-
merce and trade which shall bind us together and
develop, to an almost untold extent, the resources
of the country, that when we mept here next win-
ter there will be little or no opposition to the meas-
ure if it shall be properly arranged, properly
guarded, and properly presented to the House jn
all its bearings. I am confident of such a result,
because its merits are so great that when they aie
fully considered,and thoroughly known, itsoppo-
sition will fall.
Mr. Speaker, let me say that in the combina-
tions that are sometimes formed,a just and proper
measure loses strength in the end. When the
great Pacific railroad was on its passage here' 
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
insist that the gentleman from Illinois shall not be
permitted to discuss anything but the question
before the House.
Mr, KELLOGG-, of Illinois. The gentleman
need not get scared, for I do not propose to tell
tales on my western neighbors. #
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish the Chair
had given his attention to that subject a little ear-
lier.
The SPEAKER. The question of order was
raised, and the Chair has decided it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there have been any com-
binations formed to log-roll! measures through the
House, this is not the time to consider that subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have been speak-
ing of the propriety of the purchase of Seavey's
Island. I have heard arguments on that question,
which I supposed it was in order for me to reply to.
The SPEAKER. The point of order has been
made, and the genileman from Illinois is not in
order in replying to what was said out of order.
Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the Chair
surest the argument that I propose to reply to?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, will confinc
his remarks to the subject under consideration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It has been urged
that the purchase of Seavey's Island was a ques-
tion of great national moment, reaching, in its in-
fluence, to the State of Illinois; that it was of more
importance to the State of Illinois than to the State
of New Hampshire, because we have more people
and a greater State. I infer that it will be equally
as import ant to Oregon, as a portion of this "Union,
as it will be to Illinois.
Now, Oicgon is about to be connectcd with Il-
linois and New Hampshire by means of the great
artery of the Pacific railroad. This matter of a;
public defense on the sea-coast becomes important,
and the construction of a Pacific railroad, as a
measure of public defense being connected with
it, may, I think, be incidentally considered. Nows
in reference to the action of this House on the Pa-
cific railroad hill, inasmuch as it has not yet be-
come law, and as it is intimately connected and
blended with the purchase of this island 
Tiie SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot dis-
cuss the merits of the Pacific railroad on the pend-
ing question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have concluded
my remarks on that subject, with this exception:
thatwhen wecomo finally to develop the resources
of the country 
Mr. Sfi ANKS. By the Oswego canal?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have nothing
to do with that just now. We have passed aFiTl7
for a Pacific railroad, and after we build tho Illi-'
uois canal to the lakes, and develop still further
the resources of the country, it may he important
for the Government to purchase Seavey's Island.
I ask the gentleman from New Hampshire, there-
fore, to help us to build that canal. The mem-
bers from Pennsylvania readily went for the Pa-
cific uulroad bill, when it was proposed that the
road should be built of Pennsylvania iron, and I
have no doubt that we can get them to go for the
Illinois ship canal scheme if we propose that the
locks shall be sheeted with Pennsylvania iron.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ST It/
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
MEETING AT ELEVEN, A. M.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the meeting of
the House to-morrow shall be at eleven, a.m.,
instead of at the usual hour.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose it for only a single
morning, and there are important reasons for it.
LES moved that the House do now
Mr. PENDLETON. I object until X know
what important reasons there are for our meeting
to-morrow at eleven o'clock. If there be any good
reason, I will withdraw my objection.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That when this House adjourns on Thursday
next it shall stand adjourned until the following Monday.
Objection was made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Edwards,] who
holds the floor on the Navy appropriation bill to
yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. EDWARDS. 'I yield for that purpose.
And then, on motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Vir-
ginia, (at five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, July 2, 1869.
Prayer by the Rev.T.H. Stockton, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of Wil-
liam Ropes and others, of Boston, engaged in the
Russia trade, and importers of polished Russia
sheet iron, praying that provisions may be made
in the proposed new tariff for an allowance on
damaged goods; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of St. Mary 5s, Illinois, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill reported in the House of Repre-
sentatives by Hon. F. P. Blair, jr., for the con-
struction of a ship canal between the waters of
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
PROPOSED NAVY-YARD AT NEW LONDON.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer resolutions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Connecticut on the
subject of a navy-yard at New London, which I
ask may be read.
The Secretary road them, as follows:
At a General Assembly of the State of Connecticut, holden
at New Haven, in said rttatu, on the first Wednesday in
May, in the > car of ourl.oid, 1862.
Whereas the Sccretaiy of the Navy has recommended
the establishment of one or more new navy-yards ou the
Atlantic coast; and whereas the hatbor of New London,
in tin?: State, stands second to none on the Atlantic eoa^t,
in depth ofwafnr, capacity, and central location, and is in
all respccts well adapted to the purpo-.es of a navy-yaid:
Resolved by (kis Jlxscmh'y, That me interests ot'Connec-
ticut will foe greatly promoted l y the mtiuduction of a navy-
yaid within t!ns State.
Resolved, That our Senatoisand Representatives in Con-
gress he requested to use every exettion to secure the loca-
tion of a navy-} aid at New London.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded
to each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
House of Representatives, June v25, 1862—-Passed. *
COOKE LOUNSBURY, Clark.
Senate June 25,18G2—Passed.
CYRUS NOUTIIROP, Clerk.
Approved, June 27, 1802.
State op Connecticut, s?..
Office of Secretary of State.
I hereby ceitify that the foiegoing is a true copy of the
original on fiiu in tin* oifice.
In testimony wheieof I have hereunto set my hand, and
r g i affixed thobeal or^nid State, at New Haven, this 28th.
L " ,J day of June, A. D. 186*2. J. II. TKUAliiULL,
Secretary oj Stute-
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, by these reso-
lutions it is made the duty of those who represent
the State of Connecticut here to do what they can
properly in aid of the object proposed m them for
our consideration. It will be a pleasure to me to
do so, but 1 do not deem it necessary at the present
time to make any extended remarks, and I would
say nothing were it not for the fact that a bill is
before the body reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which the honorable Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] addressed himself the
other (lay, proposing to establish this navy-yard
on League Island, near the city of Philadelphia.
The honorable Senator from Iowa, with his usual
research and ability, examined the general subject
ofanadditional navy-yard upon the Atlanticcoast,
and urged reasens why, in his judgment, it was
desirable that it should be established on League
Island. I will not go into an examination of the
