1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
added that she had been an asylum, not only for
Britain's suffering children, but for the poor and
down-trodden of ail the nations of earth, and that
here alone, since creation's dawn, had been real-
ized the sublime spectacle of the practical frater-
nity of the human family. He might have added
that we were feeding and clothing and human-
izing and Christianizing and giving homes and
happiness to millions, of all kindreds and tongues
and peoples, who had never known these blessings
of civilization befoie; and that here all were equal
before $he law. That come from what benighted
or what hostile shore they might, here they were
all Americans, entitled to and enjoying the pro-
tection of the most beneficent Government the
wisdom of man had ever devised. Of this great
country, this beneficent Government, the rebel
States were a part. They shared all its benefits
and all its glory; and no people on earth were
ever in the fuller fruition of all the possible bles-
sings ofgood government. No conceivable change
could have improved their condition.
But notwithstanding ail this, incited by hatred
of free institutions and of the free people of the
North; by lust of power and dominion; by cupid-
ity, which fattened upon the unrewarded labor of
otheis; to gratify their own selfish aimsand their
bad ambition, and reckless of the peace of the
world and of the happiness of all others but them-
selves, and utterly regardless of the wretched-
ness and woe and death and desolation which war
would bring, they conspired to tear down this
Government and drive the plowshare of ruin over
this fair country. They robbed the Treasury,
they robbed the custom-houses, they robbed the
arsenals and armories, corrupted the officers of the
Army and Navy, and precipitated upon us all the
miseries of war which now afflict us. And this is
the people against whom we are not to arm the
free colored men of the land when that shall be the
last resort to pievent the full accomplishment of
their diabolical schemes. Against us they have
armed the Indians, have armed the negroes, and
are using all the bad power they possess to arm
Europe. They may succeed. I trust they will not.
I trust the wiser and more humane and Christian
counsels of the great and good man from whose
grand speech I have quoted may prevail. But if
they do succeed, then the necessity to which I
refer will have come.
Two governments cannot exist where before
there was but one, and permanently to separate
the two sections of this country wiil only be to
intensify and perpetuate the war. Two govern-
ments, with thousands of miles of coterminous
territory, separated only by imaginary lines, can-
not exist together here. Natural causes arc against
it, and domestic, commercial, and political rea-
sons are all against it. All the Powers of earth
could not keep the peace between them. And,
whenever the confederate States shall be recog-
nized as one of the family of nations, the struggle
with us becomes a struggle for our own throats.
Our only alternatives will be to subjugate or be
subjugated, to exterminate or be exterminated.
The responsibility of this condition of things is not
with us. To escape it we abased ourselves tor
years; but abasement was met only by new exac-
tions, and increased insolence and airogance. The
free States with then industry,thritt, and prosper-
ity, and ample means and appliances of domestic
comfort, have for yeais been to the rebel States the
Mordecai in the gate. They have erecteda gallows
for 1{S—we shnuhl dnxgtreasoii to it. And when,
to the unholy alliancc of traitors, rebels, Indians,
and neirroes, now warring upon us, there shall be
added the hireling binds of the hateis ot freedom
m Europe, it will ue stupid <ind preposterous m us
to n fuse to avail ourse'ves ot the strength wnich
fu^i'ives from thea- hated fellowship may bung
UsT We wul then belig-itmg nut only lur national
existence, but foi <>iu ihdi\ .dual lives, ami the
lives of our wives and rhiuiteii; and it woithl be
both wicked and tie;1son>ible to refuse to mm fu-
gitives, but ta d r i ve them bae k to be armed against
us, as they have been and will be as last as they
are dtiven back. And wiiy should we hesitater
Can or will any one gnea satisfactory reason
why, when the neoesM-y arises, we shornd hesi-
tate to arm and di.se,[dine the colored race lor the
defense of the countiy, the quelling of rebellion,
and the crushing of treason ? If the object ot war
really h", as I have always supposed it to be, to
kill and destroy, until the enemy is so weakened
and subdued as to give security against further
injury from his hostility, and make the object of
the war attainable, is it any worse to kill that
enemy with a musket in the hands of a black than
in the hands of a white man? Or is it any worse
to expose the lives of the black men of the coun-
try to the perils of battle than it is to expose the
lives of our sons,brothers, and friends to the same
peril ? ^
I would do nothing, Mr. President, to incite to
servile insurrection. On the contrary, I would
exert all the power I possessed, which could be
exerted with safety to our cause, to save even the
traitors of the South from the horrors of a servile
war; hut when slaves and aboriginal savages of
the country are both armed to aid in the overthrow
of the Government, { can, if a stiong necessity
comes, have no puerile and fantastic scruples
against arming fugitives m defense of the Govern-
ment, and subjecting them to the discipline and
control of our officers, by whom their conduct can
be regulated and theii feiocity sestrained. So far
from having a tendency to stir up servile insurrec-
tion, this will,*>11 the contrary, be the very best,
if notthoonly protection we can give to the women
and children of the rebel States against the fright-
ful scenes of cai nage and conflagration which may
otherwise sweep them from the earth.
Whenever our armies march, as they must
march, and, I trust, will soon march, into the in-
surgent States, the slaves will flock to our stand-
ard. This has been alteady demonstrated. It
will continue to be so, and to a far greater extent
than has yet occurred. Let them be repulsed, let
them be driven back at the pomt of the bayonet,
to a detested bondage to traitors, and one of two
things will inevitably follow: ihey will either be
armed and marched against us, or the pen I-up hate
and revenge which have been engendered and in- !
tensified by centuries of servitude, towards those
whom they regard, whetherjustly or not, as their
oppressors, will burst like volcanic fire among de-
fenseless women and children, and make one vast,
wild waste, red with blood and black with fire, of
the land that has been their prison-house, that has
resounded with their groans, been watered with
their tears, and heard their whispered prayers
for deliverance. Let us not drive them back to
strengthen the army or to devastate the homes of
the enemy, thus adding the horrors of servile to
the horrors of fraternal war, but avail ourselves
ofthestrcngththeybnngus,and keep them where
we can restrain their passions, control their ac-
tions, and imbue them with something of the dig-
nity of fp'edom and the charities of civilization.
It* will be mercy and humanity to both races to
do so.
} know, sir, there are those whose sensibilities
are shocked at the idea of the (jnvernmpiit accept-
ing the armed assistance of the colored race, but
who have never a word of reprobation for the
rebel chivalry, whose boast it is to lead them to
the battle-field against the freemen of the North.
They are willing that traitors shall slay our sol-
diers with every weapon and by every instrument-
ality accessible to their use. That is all right;
but we must fight them in kid gloves, and if even
by accident we knock a traitor down, we must
wait till hegxts up, and call to time before we
strike again. I am tnod, sir, of this war on one
side. lam tired of using our free, gallant-hearted
young men of the North for the base purpose of
holding negroes for rebels while rebels overthrow
the hopes of mankind. If it is war, let it be war
m earnest. Let it be quick, fi'eree, and terrible.
It is both mercy and economy to make it so. I
cannot consent that any local domestic institution
shall be exalted above the Union and the Consti-
tution, 01 stand in the way of their full and com-
plete vindication. If slavety cen survive the con-
flir-t, be it so; but as sbv* holder-? lit the torch of
civil war, if slaveiv suffers in the effort to extin-
guish tiie flame, why let it suffer. All other in-
terests of -Jvery section of the country and evt ry
cioss of Citizens suher likewise. W hy should sla-
very Hi one claim and enjoy exemption? 1 am tiled,
Mr, of half-way measures. Inpmou? ami dam-
aging to an v ent-upi ;se, they are fata! to wai, and
never luue failed, and never will fail, to bring
disaster, defeat, and disgrace upon the men who
may be so imbecile as to attempt to apply them
to war.
One of the most acute and intelligent ooservers
and vigorous thinkers of the present centui y, in a
review of Hallam's Constitutional History, takes
occasion to comment upon a revolution whii&,
more than two centuries ago, brought to the block
a tyrant whose oppressions could not break ptyp
spirit of the English people. In discussing the
progress of the war between the king and Parlia-
ment, he says: ~
" The two Houses, it must be acknowledged-committed
great errors in the conduct of the war, or rather one great
error which brought their affairs into a condition requiring
the most perilous expedients. The parliamentary leaders,
of what may be called the first 'generation, jBagex, Man-
chester, Northumbcilaud, Ilollis, even Pym—all the most
eminent men, in short, Hampden excepted, we're' inclined
to half measures. They dreaded a decisive victory almost
as much as a decisive overthrow." * * * *
"The war was, theiefore,conducted in a languid an4 in-
efficient manner. A resolute leader might have brought It
to a close in a month. Attheaidofthreecaftipaigns,jboj(^-
cvei, the event was &tiU duhio#; and that it bad not been
decidedly unfavonible to the cause of liberty, was princi-
pally owing to the skill and energy which the more violent
Roundheads had displayed in subordinate situations. 'Jlie
conduct of Fairfax and Cromweil at Marston had exhibited
a lcumrkable contrast to that of Essex at EdgehiH, and wal-
ler at Lansdown.
u If there be any truth established by the universal expe-
rience of nations, it is this: that to carry the spirit of peace
into war is a weak and cruel policy. The time of negotia-
tion is the time lor deliberation and delay. But when an
extreme ea-,e calls for that remedy, which is in its own na-
tme most violent, and which, in such cases, is a remedy
only because it is violent, it is idle to think of mitigating
and diluting. Languid war ean do nothing which negotia-
tion or submission will not do better; and to act on any
other principle is not to save blood and money, buttosquan-
dei them. Tins the parliamentary leaders found. The tilted
>ear of hostilities was drawing to a close, and they had not
conquered the king. They had not obtained even those
advantages which "they had expected from a policy obvi-
ously erioneous lii,a military point of view. They Jwd
wished to husband their resources. They now found that,
in enterprises like theirs, parsimony is the worst profusion.
Thev had hoped to effect a reconciliation. The event taught
them that the best way to conciliate is to bring the work
of destruction to a speedy teimination. By their modera-
tion mhny lives and much property had been wasted. The
angry passions which, ft' the contest had been short, would
have died away almost as soon as they appeared, had fixed
themselves in the ioim of deep and lasting hatred- A mili-
taiy caftc had giown up. Those who had been induced to
take up aun>  b> the patriotic feelings of citizens, had begun
toentettam the professional feelings of soldieis. Above all,
the leadets oi the pauy had forfeited its confidence. If they
had, b> their valor and abilities, gained a complete victory,
their influence might have been sufficient to prevent their
associates from abusing it. It was now necessary to choose
moic resolute and uncompromising commanders."
Let us be admonished by the teachings of his-
tory, and learn wisdom from the lessons of past
ages. Let us cease the folly of attempting to con-
duct the war upon peace principles. Economy
and humanity alike demand increased vigor and
energy. Mercy, herself, pleads for more resolute
and uncompromising measures.^ Let our blows
be quick and powerful. Let the contest be fierce
and brief.
If we are fighting for the Union and the Con-
stitution—to uphold a once glorious and benefi-
cent Government—to save from ruin this asylum
for the oppressed of all earth's groaning nations
—to beat back approaching barbarism and des-
potism, and advance the banner of liberty and
learning and civilization and Christianity yet fur-
ther and higher, and display Us radiance befo.re
ail the earth, let us fight like men in earnest, in
so holy a cause. If, on the contrary, we are fight-
ing only to protect the fnstitution of human sla-
very from sustaining damage by the conflagration
which the most atrocious and stupendous treason
the world ever saw has kindled—if we are fight-
ing only to rivet more firmly the fetters of to-aay,
and to forge new ones for to-morrow—if the pres-
ervation of slavery, and not the preservation ,of
the Government, is the great end and object of
the war, then let us disband our armies, break
oui swords, abase our souls, and cease the wicked
and unholy strife.
Mr. CARL1LE. Mr. President, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to go on now 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Letus post-
pone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. CARL1LE. I have no objection, provided
I shall ue entitled to the floor at one o'clock to-
rn on !)«'.
Mi. WILSON", of Ma**achui$otts. This ques-
tion will go over to one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. OARLILE. Does the Senator desire to
have this subject pass by for the evening?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
I should !ike to have it go over until to-morrow
at one or two o'clock.
Mr. CARLILE. If it is desirable I will go,on
this evening. I do not wish to interfere wilhany
