1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
to the proposed amendment. Every member of
the Huuse is aware that numerous frauds are
committed upon the Pension Office under the ex-
isting laws. Applications for invalid pensions
will hereafter be much more numerous than they
have been hitherto. ,T! lerefore some instrument-
ality, by which such frauds may be prevented,
as far as practicable, ought to be adopted. After
consultation with the Commissioner of Pensions
the committee concluded that the most efficient
mode of accomplishing the object which they
could suggest is that which is contained in this
amendment. Sccret agents are employed in the
Post Office Department, and the experience of that
Department has demonstrated that such agents
render valuable services, and accomplish valuable
results for that Department. The Pension Office
heretofore has occasionally detailed one of its
clerks to perform like services, and, probably, if
this amendment should not be adopted, the Com-
missioner will occasionally employ a clerk for this
special duty. But the Commissioner will doubt-
less prefer that he should be authorized by law
to appoint a special agent to discharge the service
in all cases, with his duties presciibed and his
salary fixed. The committee, therefore, unani-
mously recommend the adoption of this amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I regard this amendment as
entirely unnecessary, and in fact I think that the
former practice of the department is preferable.
The practice, for a number of years, under the
law, which 1 understand has authorized it, has
been for the Commissioner of Pensions to send out
some efficient clerk, who is familiar with the de-
tails of that department, to investigate every case
which looks like one of fraud, tie sends them
East and West, North raid South. Now, if there
be a single agent for the United States he will have
to be transferred at one time to Minnesota, and
then again to Maine, and he will find it difficult
to perform his duties. A great portion of his time
will be consumed in traveling.
Mr. ALDRICH. Will he not be obliged to go
to Pennsylvania? [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; he can catch no one
there. [Laughter.] This amendment is unne-
cessary. The agent will be obliged to spend a
great deal of his time in traveling from one point
to another. Now the most efficient agents that can
be found will be these clerks of the department.
If a case shall arise where fraud is suspectcd upon
jhe land department, the Commissioner sends a
clerk from that particular department of the ser-
vice, a clerk who is versed m that branch of the
business, and he ferrets out the fraud.
If the case arises in the invalid pension depart-
ment, he sends a clerk from that department.
Now I am quite sure, from my knowledge of that
department, that the old plan is much the better;
that it will be moie efficient for the public service
than the appointment of these agents.
Mr. HARRISON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is mistaken in supposing that there is an
act of Congress expressly authorizing the Com-
missioner of Pensions to employ any persons to
discharge the duties mentioned m the proposed
amendment. There is no law authorizing the
Commissioner to employ any such person to per-
form such service.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman will allow me
to say that it has been done ever since the bureau
has been in existence.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found duly enrolled an act (S. No. 289) to facili-
tate the discharge of enlisted men for physical
disability; when the Speaker signed the same.
PENSION BILL—-AGAIN.
Mr. HARRISON. It is not, unfortunately, an
uncommon practice for officers of the Government
to exercise powers which they are not by law
authorized to exercise. The (Commissioner of
Pensions lias very seldom detailed any one to per-
form the services mentioned in the amendment,
for the reason, I presume, that lie was not ex-
pressly authorized by law to employ persons for
that purpose. Occasionally, where a gross fraud
has been called to the attention of the Commis-
sioner by some persons who by accident has de-
tected it, the Commissioner has detailed a clerk
to look into it. The object of the amendment,
however, is to authorize the Commissioner to
employ an agent for the purpose of ferretting out
fraud against the pension laws and the Pension
Officc, as well as to prosecute those cases which
maybe ferreted out by persons not in the employ
of the Government.
Now, in reference to the Second Auditor's office,
which at present adjudicates applications for
bounty, the eleventh section of this bill proposed
to blend the duties of the Second Auditor, so far
as they relate to bounty money, with the Pension
Office, in order that the soldiers, or their heirs,
who are entitled to bounty or pension, may not
have to make their applications to both offices;
but that they may make one application to the
Pension Office, and obtain the relief to which they
are entitled, without unnecessary inconvenience,
delay, or expense.
The Commissioner of Pensions ought to be a
pretty good judge as to whether such an agent as
is proposed is demanded by the interests of the
Government. Jn his opinion, such an agent is
necessary. True, he would probably have pie-
ferred that more than one agent should be author-
ized; but the committcc were of opinion that, for
the time being, at least, one agent will be suffi-
cient, and out of considerations of economy they
concluded to provide for no more than one.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. DUNLAP. I move the following as addi-
tional:
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That the provisions of
tins act s-hall apply to the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and privates, who have been heretofore
actually employed in the military service of the United
States, whether mustered into actual seivice or not.
See. 35. And be it farther enacted, That in case of the
death of any of the pes sons named in the pieeedmg sec-
tion bv vutue of any wound received or disease contracted
wluie m the setvice of the United States and in the iineoi
Ins duty, his widow, or if theio be no widow, his child or
ehihhfin under eighteen yeais of a?e, and it there be no
widow or child or childicn, his, mother, and if neither the
above, his oiphan sistei or sisters, under eighteen yeais of
age, who weio dependent upon him for support, iu whole
or m part, shall be entitled to receive the same pension as
such officer or other person would have been entitled to
had lie been totally disabled; said pension to commence
and continue as expressed in -sections two, three, four, five,
and six of this act by the persons therein named.
In March an act was passed to pay the soldiers
in the department of the West, in the State of Mis-
souri, who were actually engaged in the service
of the United States, before they were actually
enrolled. Subsequent to that date, a joint reso-
lution passed this House compensating all sol-
dieis actually engaged in the service, although not
enrolled and mustered into the service regularly,
and that resolution is now pending in the Senate
of the United States. The object of this amend-
ment is to give a pension to those who were act-
ually thus engaged, or to their widows and chil-
dren, in accordance with the provisions of the bill
nowunderconsideration. It makes no change in
the bill as it now stands before the House, except
that it applies the provisions of the bill to those
who have actually been engaged in the service.
That is the only difference between the bill as it
now stands and the amendment 1 have offered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the seventh section of the
bill. Under the law as it now stands, application
may be mode to the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the bounty and for# the arrears of pay.
By this bill, separate applications will become
necessary. By the seventh section the compen-
sation for these services, drawing papers for pen-
sions, bounties, and other allowances, is fixed at
five dollars. 1 think the bill should pro\ide that
the compensation should be five dollars for the
original application, either for pension, bounty,
or ai rears of pay.
Mr. HARRISON. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that the bill provides that
hereafter the claim for pensions, bounties^and
other allowances, in the Army and Navy of the
United States, other than arrears of regular pay,
shall be filed and adjudicated in the Pension Office,
and that none of those claims, except those for
arrears of regular pay, shall be adjudicated by
the Auditor of the Treasury Department.
Mr. WHEELER. I understand thatfully,and
that is the very point I have made. A separate
application will be necessary for the arrears of
regular pay due the deceased soldier. A separate
application for that must be made to the Second
Audi tor 's Office, but the application for pension or*
bounty must be made to the Pension Office. £Jow,
if those services shall be separately rendered by
agents, how is the five dollars to be apportioned?
Mr. HARRISON. So far as claims for arrears
of regular pay are concerned, the applications
must be made to the office of the Secona Auditor
of the Treasury. The seventh section of the act
relates only to applications made to the Pension
Office.
Mr. WHEELER. My friend will allow m&
to call his attention to the peculiar phraseology of
the seventh section:
That the fees of agents and attorneys for making out and
causing to be executed the papers necessary to establish a
claim for a pension, bounty, awl other allowance before the
Pension Office shall not exceed the following rates,
In order to remove all ambiguity, I move to
insert, after the word " exceed," the words " for
each original application."
Mr. HARRISON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a few words in regard to the pending amend-
ment. The object of the committee in inserting
the seventh section in the bill was to prevent the
numerous frauds committed by pension agents
upon applicants for pensions, and to limit by law
their rates of compensation to a fair remuneration
for services actually rendered. I am opposed'to
the amendment for the reason that, as I under-
stand the effect of it if adopted, it would be to
thwart the purpose which the committee had in
view by providing that all applications for invalid
pensions and bounty shall be made to the Pen-
sion Office instead of to different offices. An ap-
plication for bounty and for a pension, with the
accompanying affidavits, may constitute only one
application. Now, if this amendment is adopted
pension agents, some of whom have heretofore
shown great ingenuity in resorting to practices
prejudicial to applicants for pensions and other
allowances by the Government, will, in order to
get double pay, draw up an application for bounty
only. For that, if the gentleman's amendment
prevails, they will, be entitled to a fee of five dol-
lars. Then, they will draw up a separate and
independentapplication for a pension, and for that
they will claim and will be entitled under this
amendment to another fee of five dollars.
Now, it seems to me that five dollars is a suffi-
cient compensation to a pension agent, who has
the forms furnished to him by the Government,
for making out an application both for a bounty
and for an invalid pension, and that they ought
not to be allowed to obtain more than that amount
for their services to each applicant. The differ-
once between the proposition contained in the sec-
lion and that proposed by the gentleman from
New York is simply this, that under this bill as
it stands, from each applicant who seeks to re-
cover bounty and a pension on the same grounds,
the agent will be entitled to five dollars; if the
amendment shall prevail, then for an application
for bounty he will be entitled to five dollars, and
for an application for a pension he will also be
untitled to five dollars, making ten dollars instead
of five, notwithstanding the same facts in the case
supposed will make out the claim for bounty as
well as the claim for pension.
Mr. WHEELER. I would ask the gentleman
what, in his opinion, will be the compensation,
under this section, for making out an application
for arrears of regular pay ? Is it to be affected by
this act at all ?
Mr. HARRISON. It is not.
Mr. WHEELER. I share most fully in the
desire of the gentleman to protect the soldier from
the rapacity of these agents. All I wished was to
avoid ambiguity. But if this clause includes ar-
rears of regular pay, then if a separate application
was made for that, I did not know how the five
dollars were to be apportioned. I will unite with
the gentleman in reducing the sums to be paid to
these agents, and being satisfied with his expla-
nation lhat this section is simply intended to
regulate the compensation for applications to the
Pension Office, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I presume that it was the in-
tention of the Committee on Invalid Pensions that
the provision m relation to the fee of five dollars
to attorneys and agents for makingout applications
should apply only to cases which originated under
this act. 1 therefore move to insert, after the
