1142
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
business the Senate may have to-morrow, and I
a*m prepared to go on now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
th« further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. CARLILE. With the understanding that
I shall be entitled to the floor then.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY and others. It would be bet-
ter to say two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Two o'clock
is suggested.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
SUCCESSES OF OWE ARMS.
Mr. GRIMES, during the delivery of Mr.
Browning's speech, obtained permission to read
the following:
Navy Department, March 10.
Hon. Mr. Grimes :
Nothing farther from Hampton Roads. Just received the
following from Dupont's last expedition:
Baltimore, March 10.
To Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy:
I arrived this morning, and will come on in the next (four
o'clock) train. The enemy has abandoned his heavy forti-
fications at St. Simon's! and Brunswick, Georgia. Fort
Cliuch and Fernandma and St. Mary's, Floiida, arc ours,
e C. H. DAVfS.
Captain United States Navy.
Z. B. CAVERLY.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask a favor of the Senate to
take up a little bill which will take only five min-
utes, in which I know the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] feels an interest; the bill for the
relief of Caverly. I want to have the Senate do
an act of charity and of justice at the same time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the bill from the House
of Representatives, No. 284.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Wliat is the bill ?
Mr. SUMNER. A bill for the relief of Mr.
Caverly, late secretary of legation in Peru.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is a poor and sick
man.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a letter from his phy-
sician, which makes an appeal to me for action
upon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 284) for the relief of Z. B. Caverly, late sec-
retary of legation at Lima, Peru, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment to Z. B. Caverly, for his services and
expenses as special messenger from Lima to
Washington in 1859, 1860, and 1861, of $1,988,
that being the amount of his per diem and ex-
penses, after deducting therefrom his salary for
the time of such service as secretary of legation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives. It appears that Mr. Caverly, while acting
as secretary of legation at Lima, was required by
the minister, Mr. Clay, his superior, to proceed
to Washington, and lay before the Department
of State the pending difficulties then (July, 1859)
threatening to disturb the amicable relations of the
two Governments. He went to Washington, at-
tended to the business as bearer of dispatches,
and gave the condition of affairs to the Department
in such a way and with such authenticity and cor-
rectness as no one but himself or the minister
could do, and returned to Lima October 26,1859,
being gone three months. The difficulties still re-
maining unsettled, he was again required, on ac-
count of his peculiar fitness, not only as a bearer
of dispatches, but because he was most cognizant
of the affairs pending, to return to Washington in
the same capacity. He left Lima again December
27, 1859, and remained at the instance of the De-
partment, and for their service and information,
until April 1, 1861—four hundred and fifty-nine
days; and during this time, although temporarily
absent at intervals by their permission, yet sub-
ject to and answering the call of the Department
until he was dismissed by the appointment of a
new secretary of legation. If he had not been sec-
retary of legation, he would be legally entitled,
withoutfurtheraction ofCongress,to pay as bearer
of dispatches at the rate of six dollars per day
and expenses.
It was not in his power, although secretary, to
refuse to obey the request of the minister, who,
for the best reasons, dispatched him to Washing-
ton. He was of the move service as bearer of
dispatches, because he was thoroughly informed
of the affairs out of which the difficulties grew; and
in equity, he would be entitled as well to his salary
as secretary as to his per diem and expenses as
bearer of dispatches. He received his salary as
secretary, because he needed the " ready money"
to live upon during his stay at Washington and in
the Uniied States; but it also appears that he paid
over all his salary to a substitute to Lima subse-
quently, relying upon the Government to pay him
as bearer of dispatches only. The Government
would have paid him in the latter capacity but for
the technical rules of settlement, as the Secretary
of State says in his letter of the 31st July, I860,
in consequence of his drawing his salary as sec-
retary of legation, which connection he had no
power to dissolve except by resignation. The
Secretary of State regrets this decision, inasmuch
as Mr. Caverly was bound to obey the instruc-
tions of the minister, and because he is satisfied
that the decision of Mr. Caverly, in obeying his
superior, " was the result of very proper and hon-
orable motives." Mr. Clay (as appears by his
dispatch of November 10, 1859,) regarded Mr.
Caverly's presence in Washington as indispens-
able. ,Caverly provided a substitute, to whom he
paid an amount equal to the whole of his salary.
He was serving the country in two capacities in
effect, and should be paid at least for one; and that
the one he asks pay for is the one in which he per-
formed the actual service, at the same time using
his information, ability, and experience as secre-
tary, for the benefit of the country here, where it
was, in the opinion of the Secretary of State and
Mr.Clay,indispensable. Thecommittee,on these
facts, report a bill to pay Mr. Caverly his per diem
and expenses as special messenger, after deduct-
ing his salary as secretary of legation, being the
sum of $1,988.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It was
read the third time and passed.
SUKR1MDEII OF FUGITIVE SLATES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move now
to take up the bill from the House of Represent-
atives to make an additional article of war.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. JMo. 299) to make an addi-
tional article of war was resumed as m Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting after the word " due," in the eleventh line
of the first section, the words " and also from de-
taining, harboring, or concealing any such fugi-
tives;" so that the proposed article will read:
All officers or persons in the military or naval service of
the United States dre prohibitet) from employing any of
the forces under their respective commands, for the pur-
pose of returning fugitives from service or labor who may
have escaped from any persons whom suehserviceor labor
is claimed to bo due, and also from detaining, harboring, or
concealing any such fugitive.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Davis, Henderson, La-
tham, McDougall, Powell, Rice, Saulsbuiy, and Wilson of
Missouri—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Dkoii, Doolittlc/Fcssenden, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilailan, Hams, Ilowaid. Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Moinli, Pomeioy,
Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Evck, Trumbull, W.ide, Wilson
of Alassachusetts, and Wright—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following'
amendment, to come in as a proviso at the end of
the first section:
Provided, That thi* aiticle shall not apply in the States
of Delaware, Maryland, Missouri, and tCPiHiicky, nor ol^e-
wheie where the Federal authority is recognized or can be
enforced.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 30; as follows:
YfiAS—M«&sr . Bayard, Cailile, Latham, MeDougall,
Powell, Salisbury, and Wilson of Missouri —7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler. Claik,
Collamer, Cowan, Davids, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hailan, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas.
Pomeroy, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wright—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to make an inquiry
of the patron of this bill. The President und*"r
his proclamation in April, among other things,
called for the services of the militia to aid him in
the execution of the laws. One of the laws upon
our statute-book is for the return of fugitive slaves.
If the Presidentshall find it necessary to call upon
the military power of the country to enable him to
discharge his sworn duty in this respect—for he
swears, as I understand, when he enters upon the
duties of his office, to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed—I desire to know if this bill will
not interfere with that in this particular, and what
effect this bill would have upon any military au-
thorities of the country who should obey the call?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
the Senator from Virginia clearly understands this
matter. The case he supposes, if 1 understand it,
would be a case where the authorities would call
out the military for the purpose of enforcing the
decision of the judicial tribunals—mere civil pro-
cess. The return of fugitive slaves is a civil ques-
tion, a judicial one, not a military one.
Mr. CARLILE. Then lam to understand that
this will not interfere with that?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to have the
bill read for the information of the Senate. I have
not heard it read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the last section of
the bill ought to be stricken out. It does not mean
anything. Of course the act will take effect from
its passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. But if we
amend it, it will have to go back to the House of
Representatives. It is a House bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to strike out that
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The words proposed to be stricken
out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sac. 2. And be it further enacted. That this act shall
take effcct from and after its passage.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I understand the pro-
posed legislation correctly, it is simply to inhibit
the officers in the field from being agents in and
about this business of returning fugitives—pro-
hibits them from engaging in it. I do not under-
stand it to impair or affect that provision of the
Constitution, and the laws under the Constitu-
tion, which make it the duty of any person having
custody or possession of a fugitive from service
or labor, to surrender him up on the claim of the
loyal owner. It is, I understand, a mere measure
to prevent the interference of the Army in these
matters. As such, 1 am prepared to vote for it;
but in voting for it, I wish to say here that I un-
derstand it to be simply a provision to prevent the
interference of Army officers in this matter, not
impairing the obligation on the part of an Army
officer as well as a private citizen to surrender a
fugitive from service or labor under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I have no feel-
ing other than a proper one in regard to this prop-
osition; and I do not intend to detain the Senate
longer than a moment. They will see that I have
no disposition to make any factious opposition to
the passage of the bill. I know Senators desire
that nothing shall be done that will throw the
slightest obstacle in the way of the accomplish-
ment of the great purpose we all have of restoring
the Union. Now, I put this question to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts: the Senator from Ten-
nessee, our associate upon this floor, has been
recently appointed a brigadier general, and ha,s
gone to his own State to discharge his new duties
in his military capacity, and is expected, I pre-
sume, also to do all that he can to effect the great
purpose had m view as a civilian. Now, suppose
General Johnson shall be called upon to return to
a loyal citizen of his State a fugitive slave, would
you not by this bill, however much he might
11 esteem the act as one going to aid in the accom-
plishment of the purpose had in view by his ap-
pointment, put it out of his power to do it; and
would he not be subject to the penalty provided
in this act if he did it?
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word 44 due,"in the eleventh
line of the first section, the words, "or for the
purpose of enticing or decoying such persons held
