1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS-
1143
to service or labor from the service of their loyal
masters." I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would inquire if officers
of the Army and all other persons are not already
prohibited from enticing or decoying slaves?
Mr. HOWARD. They are by heavy penal-
ties.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If a person exercising
military authority comes to my State, where there
is no opposition to Federal authority and no dis-
position to Manifest opposition to Federal au-
thority, where the Federal laws are in full exer-
cise, where nobody is offering them resistance,
and my slave escapes, you prohibit the Federal
officer from returning him to me. I want under
such circumstances the same act to say that neither
your Federal officer, nor any person exercising
power or authority under you, shall enticc or de-
coy my slave away from me, or shall enticc or
decoy the slave of any loyal citizen of my State,
or any other State, from the service of his master.
If you say ynu intend to keep your Army aloof
from this question, but you do notintend that they
shall return fugitive slaves, then all I ask of you
is, that when they come into a loyal community
it shall not be lawful for them, nor for any per-
son acting under Federal authority, to entice or
decoy my slave or the slave of my constituents
away. That is the object of the amendment—
nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. HOWARD. If he did I suppose he would
simply make himself liable to the severe and al-
most inhuman penalties of the fugitive slave law
of 1850.
Mr. SHERMAN. The laws of the State would
operate also.
Mr. HOWARD. And he would be subject also
to the penalty prescribed by the law of the State
where he is. I understand this bill as simply pro-
hibiting military men from disgracing the uniform
they wear, by engaging in the business of slave-
cdtehmg and delivering slaves to thei<- owners—a
disreputable business—in which no gentleman,
North or South, military or civil, I undertake to
say, will willingly engage.
Mr. SAULSBURY*! Upon that question, there
certainly as wo all know is great difference of
opinion in the country. This amendment of mine
does give some protection to the citizens of Mary-
land and the citizens of Delaware and elsewhere.
Suppose your Army goes into my State, suppose
it goes into the State of Maryland, into the lower
counties of the State of Maryland where it has re-
cently been, and suppose slaves are enticed away,
as I am informed they have been, by persons
pretending to be soldiers of the United States, I
YvVi11 your law to say that the person who engages
in such a disreputable work as that, who will en-
tice my slave or the slave of one of my constitu-
ents away, shall be dismissed from your service.
When you say that if my slave goes where he is,
he shall not return him, I want you to say also
that lie shall not be the means of depriving me of
my slave.
Mr. ANTHONY. In votingagainstthisamend-
ment, which I shall do, I certainly do not wish it
to be understood that 1 would vote to give any
officer the right to entice a slave from a loyal mas-
ter; but I understand that the law already pro-
hibits it; it is already an offense, and we are only
reenacting another law.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What the Senator from
Rhode Island says is true; but the law passed by
Congress, making it penal to entice away a per-
son held to service or labor, is not an article of
war, and there is avast difference between the
laws on our statute-books which have to be en-
forced through the courts of justice and the mm-
ucris of the established law, and that martial
authority which controls armed men in the field.
Here it is proposed by military law—tne canons }
of military authority—to say that officers of the !
Army shall not interfere in the matter of the re- j
turn of fugitnes by employing or duvetni" their i
subordinates, officers or men, to engage in that j
business, which is no office of theirs by law. im- ,
posed upon them by no law, would be a mere vol ;
nnteer act on their part under any circumstances, ;
except where they had the particular personal ;
custody of the peison held to service, and hence !
would be bound, under the Constitution, to render I
him up on demand. When we legislate against
interference for the return, would'it not be well to
say that as you shall not employ your forces for
the return of fugitives, they shall not be employed
in intermeddling with the rights of those who hold
these persons to service or labor ? It looks to me
like justice and measuring out equity and consti-
tutional provisions with even hand. 1 have heard,
as the Senator from Delaware has said, that per-
sons connected with the Army in Maryland and
Delaware and in this District have been busy going
about and saying to servants held to service or
labor by law, that they were no longer bound to
render service, and have been disturbing the in-
terests and rights of those States. I can see some
justice and reason in this request, and as we say
they shall not meddle in favor of the master, so I
think it but justice to say that they shall not in-
termeddle with the relations between the master
and h is servants, particularly in those States where
mischief may result, as I have been informed it is
resulting here in these two States and in the Dis-
trict. If we mean to live up to our constitutional
obligations, let us live fully up to them. I can
see no mischief in the amendment suggested by
the Senator from Delaware, and I think it is plac-
ing the whole question upon its fair ground.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-Sis. Bav.-ml,Oarliie, Davis, Henderson, La-
tham, McJUougall, i'owell, Rice, Saulsburv, and Wilson of
Mi^sotm—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamor, Cowan, Dixon, Doolntle. Fessenden, Foot. Fos-
ter, Games, Hale, IlarJan, JLuns. rJon.ud. Howe, King,
Lane ot Indiana, Lane ot Kansas., Mnmll. Pomeinv, Sliei-
man, tfumnei, Ten Eycfc, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wiight—99.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. CARL1LE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 9; as follows:
YEAti—Me^is. Anthony, Browning, Ch.mdlei, Olaik,
Ooliamer, Dtxon, Doolntle, Fewnden, Foot, Fo^tpi,
Grimes-. Hale, ll.ulun, Ilarus, Howard, JJowe.King,Law
ofimliana. Lane of Kansas, MuDougalt, Momil, Po'meioy,
£l>mnau, rtiunnei, Ten E\ck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson
of and VTnlrht—29.
N\Y3—Messr-... Bayard, Carlile, I)avi«i,IIendci>on, La-
tham, Powell. Kice, S<uiisbury,and Wilson of JVIissouii—9.
So the hill was passed.
Mr. FESSJSNDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 10, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Wakeley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
ousroM-nousE in washington.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, presented the memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Washington Territory, ptay-
ing for the erection of a custom-house on Puget
sound; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
NEW MEMBER, SWOKN.
Mr. GRIDER presented the credentials of Hon.
Samuel Casey, member elect from the first con-
gressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. Casey thereupon presented himself at the
Speaker's desk, and took the usual oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
SUTLERS IN 1 "IE VOLUNTEER SEIIYICE.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 13G) to provide for the appointment of sutlers
m the volunteer service and to deiine their duties,
postponed on the 5th instant until to-day, and
made a special older.
The biil was reported at length.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee on
Military Affairs reported sundry amendments to
the bilk winch would be fir^t considered.
Th<' fitst and second amendments of the com- !
mittce weie reported, as follows: !
Page i ,-ectioa one*, hne six, strike out the word*4 follow- '
in?,4* and Lnr even' ,-.'ike out after tfep wo.d -tn-i'.p,"
as follows:" to wit: apples, dried apple?, oranges,figs,lem-
ons, butter, cheese, milk, sirup, molasses, raisins, candles,
ciai-kers, waileh, btooins, coinfoiters, boots, pocket look-
ing-glasses, pins, gloves, leather, tin washbasins, &hirt but-
tons, hont and btass buttons, newspapers, books, tobacco,
cigars, pipes, matches, blacking, blacking brushes, clothes
brushes, tooth brushes, hairbrushes, coaise and fine combs,
emery, crocus, pocket handkerchiefs, stationery, armor oil,
sweetoil, rotten stone, razor strops, razors, shaving soap,
soap, suspenders, scissors, shoestrings, needles, thread,
knives, pencils, and Bristol bricks" so that the section as
amended would read:
That the inspectors general of the Army shall constitute
a board of officeis, whose duty it shall be to prepare, im-
mediately after the passage of this act, a list or schedule of
the articles which maybe sold bysutlers to the officers and
soldiers of the volunteer service. Said list or scheduleshall
be subject, from tune to time, to such revision and change
as, in the judgment of the said board, the good of the serviee
may leqrnre: Provided always. That no iutoxieatingHquors
shall at any time be contained therein, oi the sale of such
liquors be in any way authorized by said board. A copy
o{ said list or j-chetiulo, and ot any subsequent change there-
in, together with a copy of this act, shall be, without de-
Jay, lurnished by said board to the commanding officer of
each brigade and of each icgiment not attached to any
brigade iu the volunteer service, and also to the Adiutant
Genetal of the Army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The first and second,
amendments are submitted to the first section of
the lull, and provide simply for striking out the
schedule of articles named which the sutlers shall
be allowed to sell. That is the effect of the two
amendments. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs thought it unnecessary to put a schedule of
articles in the bill, when a board of officers is ap-
pointed in thesame section of the bill to make such
a schedule. We have, however, retained in the
section the prohibition against the sale of intoxi-
cating liquors, leaving it to a commission ap-
pointed by the first section to make a schedule of
articles. I presume there will be no objection to
these two amendments.
The first and second amendments were agreed
to.
Third amendment:
Section tince,strike out all after the enacting clause, as
tolhnv^:" That it shall bo the duty of the commanding
officer of each biigade, immediately upon the receipt of a
copv of said list or schedule and copy of this act, as herein
provided, to cause one sntlei tor each regiment in his brig-
ado to bo selected by the commissioned officers of such
regiment, which selection shall be by him reported to the
Adjutant General ot the Army ; the poison so selected shall
be sole sutler oi said regiment. And the commanding offi-
cei of each unattached icgiment shall, in like manner, cause
a selection of a sutler to he made for said icgiment, who
shall be sole sutler of said.iegiment. Any vacancy m the
office of sutler, from any cause, shall be filled m thB same
way as an original appointment," and in eitin lieu thereof
us follows .
That all sutlers for volunteer legimcnts in the service of
the United States shall be appointed as now provided for
by law.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri what the provision is for the
appointment of sutlers in the volunteer service
under the law as il now exists.
Mr. BLAIR., of Missouri. The provision for
the appointment of sutlers, under the law as it now
exists, is that they shall be appointed by the coun-
cil of administration of the regiment, which con-
sists of the lieutenant colonel, the major, and the
first captain.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri to this point:
1 do not know whete it comes in, in the bill, but
I want to know whether there is a provision in the
bill requiring that no sutler shall be appointed for
more than one regiment? I recollect that when
the expedition was about starting for Port Royal
there were great complaints made that about six-
teen regimental sutlers were turned out, and a sin-
gle sutler appointed for the whole expedition. I
have heard it stated that this act was without color
of law; and what I wish to ascertain of the gen-
tleman from Missouri is whether there be any law
which would authorize such an appointment, and
if there is, whether there is any piovision in this
bill to prevent such appointments in future?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is no provis-
ion of law authorizing the act the gentleman men-
tions. On the contrary, it was in violation of law.
The law as it now exists authorizes the colonel
of each regiment upon the recommendation of the
council of administration, to appoint his own sut-
ler. The amendment we have proposed leaves
the appointment precisely where it now rests. The
third section, as it passed the Senate, gives to the
commission provided in the bill for fixing the
schedule of articles and the price of the various ar-
ticles, also the power of appointing the sutler. The
