1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3063
been lost in the House of Representatives after debate, on
the ground that it would lead to a large and constantly in-
creasing expenditure. In this view of the subject the De-
partment fully concurs. Special appiopriations have been
occasionally made by Congress, from tune to time, tor the
relief of the consul* at Panama, Havana, Hons Kong, and
Mauritius, for the relief thus afforded to American citizens;
at the two places first named, American citizens are often
overfaben with sickness, and thrown destitute upon the
chaiity of the consul and his countrymen.
"At Bremen, also, a port from whence a large part of the
emigration to the United States takes its departure, and
where naturalized American citizens constantly arrive,
there is a large and frequent call upon the consul for his
chanty.
<c Should it appear that such charitable gifts have been
judiciously made, and the proof be s-ucb as has been ac-
cepted by the accounting ofliceis in adjusting the claims of
consuls under similar appiopriatione, to which I have re-
ferred above, the Department is of opinion that an appro-
priation under this head for the lelicf of Mr. DUIer might
justly and equitably be made.
" In legard to clerk hire, f have to state that the repeal
of the seventh section of the diplomatic and consular act
of August 18, 1856, has opeiated veiy severely upon many
of the consulates at which the consular business such as
to requite the employment ot clerks, whose compensation
must be defiayed by the consul himself from his salary."
k< The opinions of the Department1 in icgard to the inad-
equacy of the compensation heretofore paid to the United
States consul at Bremen have received confirmation dur-
ing the present session of Congress, by which it has been
increased to $3,000 per annum.
"The circumstances of the case, in view also of the pre-
cedents to which JL have referred, are feuch, in the opinion
of the Department, as. to wanant the recommendation,
winch is now made, of an appropriation for the relief of
the petitioner."
The committee were unwilling to recognize the
claim for fuel and lights; nor could they recognize
the claim for travel, except beyond the limits of
his consulate.* But taking into consideration the
inadequacy of his compensation and the merito-
rious character of much of the services for which
the memorialist now seeks remuneration, they
thought it advisable that the Secretary of State
should be directed to audit and settle his accounts
on principles of justice and equity, within the lim-
its of$3,000. Tii'ey reported a bill accordingly, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. HALE. I think this bill involves a new
principle, and a vety dangerous one; and I think
it will be the first time that over a principle of that
kind was sanctioned by the Government.
Mr. SUMNER.. The Senator is very much
mistaken.
Mr. HALE. You will know whether I am
mistaken after I have stated the point, it is new
in this: that it makes the inadequacy of a salary
the ground of a special appropriation. I have
listened to these papers very attentively; and I
have no doubt that a portion of the subjects em-
braced in the report are proper subjects for which
he should be compensated. Where he has paid
money for the relief of meritorious and indigent
American citizens, and where he has traveled, un-
derthe suggestions made by the Secretary of State,
by direction of the Government, or of the diplo-
matic representative m the country, he should be
compensated; but to go on and mix them all to-
gether with considerations of the inadequacy of his
salary, which the papers expressly recognize, and
appropriate $3,000 in gross, seems to me to be a
dangerous precedent. 1 think that the bill should
be recommitted to the committee, and that they
should state the sums he has paid, and what travel
he lias performed, within the distinction that is
laid down by the Secretary of State; and to that
extent he should be paid, but beyond that I think
he should not be paid.
Mr. CLARK. I would suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that this bill is contrary to
the system of legislation which we have been try-
ing to inaugurate fo£ two or three years, in direct-
ing the Department toaudit and settle and pay.
For two or three years past we have been directing
the Department to audit asnd state, and. then report
to Congress. I think this hill should be amended in
that way, so as to direct the Secretary of State to
audit the account, and state it to Congress upon
the principles laid down in the report; so that we
may have the account before us, and then appro-
priate the exact amount that we think should be
paid. There was a little bill from the Committee
on Commerce, this very session, which directed
a sum not exceeding $500 to be paid in that way;
and the Senate refused to do it, and recommitted
it to the committee for the purpose of ascertaining
the exact sum, which they did. It is very easy
to have this account settled at the Department of
State; and then let it be reported here, and we can
pay the exact sum. If it be agreeable to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, I will move to amend
the bill in that way, by striking out the word" set-
tle, "and inserting " state,"and then strikingout
the word " to,"in line nine,and adding, " report
the amount found by him to be due to said Diller
to Congress;" and then we can act on it intelli-
gently.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator is going
to take too much of a burden on himself and im-
pose too much on Congress, needlessly, and I sub-
mit also contrary to the precedents. I say too
much of a burden, for even if ther£ were no pre-
cedents on the subject, I think, in a matter of this
amount, upon the whole it would be the best way
for us to refer it to the Department that is familiar
with the transaction to be settled on principles of
justice and equity. I say, according to my idea
that would be advisable even in the absence of any
precedents, but the Senator is mistaken in regard
to the precedents. This very bill was drawn ac-
cording*© the precedents. I offered it as an amend-
ment, as the Senator may recollect, to an appro-
priation bill, and it was then ruled out of order,
in offering it then, I founded it on the Havana
case of Charles J. Helm, and in drawing it up I
followed as nearly as possible the words of that
case. The two cases are not precisely identical,
but they are nearly so, so much so that by leav-
ing out a few words in that case, I found the lan-
guage employed entirely applicable here. I have
to submit, therefore, to my friend that in making
his amendment lie is only going to protract the
settlement of this case, to cause two acts of legis-
lation instead of one, and to take from the Depart-
ment most familiar with the matter what I would
call the natural jurisdiction.
With regard to the other Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] the criticism he makes
is applicable to the reasons assigned by the Sec-
retary of State and not to the reasons assigned by
the committee. If the Senator had done the com-
mittee the honor of listening carefully to the re-
port which was read at the desk, he would have
seen that whatever reasons the Secretary of State
assigned, the committee assigned no such reasons
as he supposed. The committee naturally cite
from the letter of the Secretary of State, but at the
conclusion of their report they give their own rea-
sons for the recommendation, and they were, in
brief, that extra service had been performed, that
there had been travel outside of the limits of the
consulate and on public service, and that money
had been supplied to destitute American citizens.
All that seemed to the committee to be meritori-
ous, and the committee did not think that one of
the servants of our country abroad ought to be
expected to do these things at his own charge, and
they therefore have proposed in the simplest and
easiest way possible to relieve him of that respons-
ibility. In the bill which they have reported, as
I have already said, they undertook to follow the
precedents and to put the matter m the simplest
form.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest that the bill is upon its passage, and at
this stage is not open to amendment, as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is quite aware, except
by unanimous consent; but a motion to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to a third reading will
reach the object.
Mr. CLARK. I did not know that the bill hat^
passed to that stage; but I will submit the remarks
1 have to make, which will be very few, in regard
to it; and perhaps I can accomplish my purpose,
if there is any objection to amending the bill, by
a motion to recommit it to the committee. I am
not particular which coursc it takes, whether the
account goes to the Departmentand is there stated,
or whether it goes back to the committee, and is
by them reported here; but what I object to is
that we should authorize the Department to state
the account and pay it, without our knowing what
the amount is.
I did not say that this was contrary to prece-
dents. The Senator misunderstood me. I said
it was contrary to the system we had been trying
to inaugurate for two or three years past. The
Senate will remember cases that we had here not
two years ago, where we reported a bill precisely
like this, directing the Department of War to state
a man's account, where we thought the amount
would notbe$40,000,andthatl)epartmentallowed
_ ,000; and the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmons] will recollect very well the case of Fisher,
reported by him, where it was stated that the
amount was about $3,000, and the Secretary of
War allowed over $60,000; and we had to repeal
both of those resolutions in order to get rid of the
claim.
Mr. SUMNER. But my friend will see that
under this bill any such outrage, if I may so call
it, is rendered impossible by the provision that the
allowance shall not exceed the sum of $3,000.
Mr. CLARK. I understand all that very well;
butl am contendingforthe principle that you shall
not pass a bill here until you know the amount,
whether it is small or large, if you can possibly
ascertain it. It can be ascertained by the com-
mittee what is the amount that ought to be paid.
We recommitted a bill to the Committee on Com-
merce in precisely the same way at this session,
where the amount was limited to $500, directing
them to state the exact amount, and it ought to be
done in all cases. We had a little bill in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands not amounting to $500,
this session, to which The same objection was
made, and there the amount was stated. I think
we had better adopt that principle, and have the
amount fixed before we pass upon the bill. It is
the principle that I contend for. I do not care
whether it is done by the Secretary of State or the
Committee on Foreign Relations; only let the
amount be fixed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HALE. I think that is the better course.
Mr. SUMNER. I really hope it will not be
recommitted. The bill was most faithfully con-
sidered in committee. It was not hastily acted
on. It was the subject of correspondence between
the committee and the Department of State, and
also of conversation between myself and the Sec-
retary of State and the chief clerk. I believe the
committee, when they directed the report of this
bill, were ns well instructed on the facts as they
can expect to be; but they felt that these matters
of detail came specially within the knowledge of
the Department of State, and they had confidence
that that Department would not, under such a bill
as this, direct the payment of any of these items,
unless they were properly vouched. The com-
mittee did not feel that they were m a position to
sit in judgment on these details. They had not
the precise evidence before them, as to how much
in each case, how much for clerk hire, how much
travel outside of the limits of the consulate, how
much for moneys paid to destitute American citi-
zens, should be allowed. They were satisfied that
moneys were due on these several accounts, and
they were perfectly willing to leave it to the judg-
ment of the Secretary of State.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour has passed, and the consideration of the bill
passes with it. The special order of the day, the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the bill
(H. R. No. 280) to establish and equalize' the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,
is now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. ,
The active list of'line officers of the United
States Navy is to be divided into nine grades,
taking rank according to the date of their com-
missions and warrants, as follows: 1, admirals;
2, commodores; 3, captains; 4, commanders; 5,
lieutenant commanders', 6, lieutenants; 7, masters;
8, ensigns; 9, midshipmen. The number of offi-
cers allowed to cach grade is not to exceed nine
admirals, eighteen commodores, thirty-six cap-
tains, seventy-two commanders* one hundred and
forty-four lieutenant commanders, one hundred
and forty-four lieutenants, one hundred and forty-
four masters, and one hundred and forty-four en-
signs. The vessels of the United States Navy are
to be divided into fourclasses, to be commanded,
as near as may be, as follows: first rates, by com-
modores; second rates, by captains; third rates,
by commanders; fourth rates, by lieutenantcom-
manders. Lieutenant commanders may be as-
signed as first lieutenants of naval stations and
vessels not commanded by. lieutenant command-
ers. The Secretary of the Navy is to appoint an
