2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Sherman committee, received eight dollars a day,
■while the latter one, to which the gentleman re-
fers, barely received its traveling expenses while
engaged in the service of the Government. The
members of that committee were engaged in sev-
eral parts of the country attending to the interests
of the Government when the other members of
this House were at their homes attending to their
private affairs.
Mr. DAWES. The committee did not receive
one cent more than their expenses.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly they■ did not. Now,
I have not seen much of the practice of economy
in this House, although it is often referred to. I
wish some spirit of economy had pervaded our
action, and especially the action of members of
the other side of the House in reference to every
department of the Government. If'they had paid
attention to that, wo would not have $300,000
added to the expenses of our foreign diplomacy.
We would not have had twenty-five additional
clerics for the Post Office Department. We would
not have run riot in extravagance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order.
Mr. COLFAX. My colleague when he made
his remarks, looked directly at me, and I would
like to say a word in reply. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. This debate is not in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let us have a fair fight.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I saw in the expres-
sion of my colleague's face that he was disposed
to rebuke the extravagances of our legislation. I
thought I saw in his face that he was disposed to
do justice to the citizen soldier, and tofrown down
the assertion that this Government cannot afford
to pay what it owes to our brave soldiers or their
widows and fatherless children. I have looked
to my colleague because I may have thought he
would be governed by a spirit of fairness.
Mr. COLFAX. I want to say a word in reply
to what my colleague said about the twenty-five
additional dead-letter clerks for the Post Office
Department, which will be more than reimbursed
by the receipts from returned dead letters.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is too small a matter.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] making a
statement ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. Then, if I cannot reply, my
colleague should take back all that ho said about
me.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 said thatl thought my col-
league looked as though he would be actuated by
aspiritofeconomy,and I takeitallback. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COLFAX. That is a fair hit, I acknowl-
edge.
Mr. McKNIGHT. The gentleman's remarks
have been disingenuous so far as 1 am concerned,
for he will remember I stated distinctly that I be-
lieved there was too much discrimination in this
bill between the officers and soldiers, and that I
was in favor of bringing down the pension to
officers five dollars, and raise that of the private
soldier up to ten dollars.
Mr. liOLMAN. But my friend still insists
on the graduation. I ask the gentleman why, in
regard to the bounty of the Government to the
citizen soldiers, there is this discrimination ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. Because there is discrim-
ination in ail walks and occupations of life. The
discrimination exists upon the pay roll, and I sec
no good reason why it should exist there and not
upon the pension roll. It exists in this House,
between the pages and other employes and the
members. If the members of the House will agree
to reduce their pay to the*pay of the private sol-
dier then I can understand the force of the gentle-
man's argument.
Mr. HOLM AN". Do I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that the officers
are better as a class than the private soldiers?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I am free to say that in
many instances they are not so good. IVIen have
gone from my county, in Pennsylvania, into the
ranks of the Army, abandoning occupations which
naid them §2,000 and $3,000 per annum. They
nave gone into the service ot the country from
purely patriotic motives, at thirteen dollars per
month, and in many instances they are superior
to the captains and colonels who command them,
some of whom are men of bad habits and inferior
education, who are not fit to command the wor-
thy men in the ranks. In that and many other
respects the privates are superior to our officers.
I am glad to say, however,that this is not general.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am glad that I have got my
friend from Pennsylvania to agree to that. 1 am
rejoiced to know that he agrees with me that the
rank and file contain as good a class of citizens as
the list of officers. They have made greater sac-
rifices; they have received immensely less pay.
They encounter more hardship and peril. ^ The
major generals and brigadier generals remain, on
grounds of just policy, removed from the battle,
and only look upon it through the serried ranks
of our soldiers as they face the iron hail. I am
glad the gentleman admits the fact; and I put it
to him squarely, why make this discrimination
against the better class?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will state that those per-
sons never went into the service for the purpose
of drawing their eight or thirteen dollars a month.
They went in to give their services, and, if need
be, their lives, to aid their country in this crisis, and
they never entered into the calculation whether
they should get eight or thirteen dollars, and 1 be-
lieve many of them will disregard the whole of it,
and ask nothing under this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope so; but I will tell you
of many classes of persons who will not disregard
it. Tour paymasters will receive their bounty;
your quartermasters will receive it. The men
who never drew the sword in front of the enemy,
men whom you have commissioned all over the
country, until every city and town is filled with
rccruiting officers, men who wear the sword and
epaulets, and who have joined your Army not
to fight, for their homes, but for position only;
those men are not the class who will refuse your
munificence, though the least entitled to the sym-
pathy of the nation. The brigadier ger&als, the
colonels, and other high officers are not the only
men who fight the battles of the country, and
many of them are not unmindful of a reasonable
compensation and the position of command. We
have the spectacle of at least two generals who
might come in for the benefit of the highest bounty
proposed by the bill, and were unwilling to serve
their bleeding country unless they could have the
command, not of a brigade, but of a division of
the Army; and not being able to receive that, they
retired from the field, tiusting to be called upon
from their retirement at some future time to places
answering to their demands. These men are not
in the ranks, and I tell you, sir, when I am told
by a Representative of a part of the American
people that a discrimination is to be made, even
in your bounty and provision against the accidents
of war, against the soldiers in the ranks, who are
mainly destitute of the glories of the war—for the
trump of fame only sounds the name of the com-
mander—when I am told that their wives and
children shall receive less consideration at the
hands of the American Congress than is to be re-
ceived by the wives and children of those who
occupy a higher position in their country's ser-
vice, 1 shall fear the Republic has abandoned that
career of justice and glory, based upon the noble
equality of its people, which has made it eminent
among the nations of the earth.
Mr. COLFAX. I have with reluctance asked
my colleague to yield, because I did not wish to
check him in his eloquent career. Indeed, I have
almost become converted to his doctrine, and I
really begin to think that every officer of the Gov-
ernment should serve for thirteen dollars a month,
or even Jess, because the statement he makes is
that these private soldiers suffer the greatest hard-
ships and privations, as they do, and therefore, if
there is to be any inequality, it should not be
against them; aijd I suggest to the gentleman that
as he has been sitting here for five months a mem-
ber of this House, and has the same right to offer
bills that any other member has, he should prove
his faith by his works, and bring in a bill reducing
the pay of membeis of Congress down to the pay
of the brave soldiers—thirteen dollars a month.
If he will prove his sincerity in that way, he shall,
whenever he gets his bill up to its passage and
votes for it himself, have my vote if he needs it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I remember to have read in
the good old book that another man, at another
day, said he was almost persuaded to be a Christian.
[Laughter.] My friend says he is almost persuaded
to adopt this doctrine of equal justice, that there
should be no discrimination between those who
have fought the battles of his country. JHmost!
Will his constituents say that? They will say,
not that the brave men who fight our battles are
almost, entitled to an equality with those who com-
manded them, but that they are fully entitled to
that equality in the bounty, the sympathy, and
munificence of their Government.
Mr. COLFAX. The eloquent gentleman for-
gets to quote his colleague correctly. I did not
say what he alleges, and 1 must bring him back
to the facts. I said I was almost converted by
hisargumentto thedoctrine that all the employes
of the Government should serve the Government
at thirteen dollars a month. If his argument is
correct, it certainly should go to that extent.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will change
places with me for two weeks and give me the
managementof the Post Office affairs, I know that
the expenses of thisGovernment will be reduced,
in one item at least, to the extent of twenty-five
clerks in one Department of the Government, and
I cannot tell how many more. [Laughter.] I
would that my friend were not only almost con-
verted to the doctrine, but that he were altogether
such as I am save these bonds—the restraint im-
posed upon me as a member of the minority of this
House. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. Allow me to say, in answer to
my colleague, thatifhe chargcd " mileage,,forthe
distance he traveled from the Capitol to the Post
Office Department, as often as I have traveled it, it
would morethan offsetallhissavings. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Indiana
understands the subject of mileage infinitely better
than I do, as he has long been the recipient of
its sweets, and I have observed that these sweets
have been long drawn out. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. It has not been the fault of my
colleague's political friends that 1 have had them
so long; for they have done their best at every elec-
tion to stop them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I regret that anything ap-
proaching to levity should have characterized the
discussion of my friend and myself. He himself
is a grave legislator, and represents a grave con-
stituency 
Mr. COLFAX. Very.
Mr. HOLMAN. And lives in the midst of a
constituency which has sent forth five thousand
of these brave men, who have given up the
charmed circle of their homes to maintain the old
flag of the Union. Five thousand of my own con-
stituents are in the field. He and myself cannot
afford to be unjust. It is not long since I passed
along the line of a weary march and saw the sol-
diers of his and of my own gallant State coming
from the far-off battle-field of the Southwest, and
I saw them enduring, with a fortitude which no
men have ever surpassed, the hardships, the fa-
tigue, and the wounds inflicted upon their per-
sons, in defense of the honor of their country. I
saw them on their pallets of'straw. I saw them
dragging wearily along the halt and the lame from
the carnage of battle. I saw them by the road-
side and under every roof where shelter could be
found, suffering, yet still how proud that they suf-
fered for their country,and yet it is between these
men and their officers that it is now proposed to
make a discrimination by this bill, even in the
bounty of the nation. It seems to me, sir, that
the man who can do this after mature considera-
tion can scarcely be fully inspired with the genius
and the spirit of the institutions of his country.
Who does notknow the difference in endurance
and suffering between the officer and the soldier?
I knew of a colonel, wounded in battle, taking
with him the surgeon of the regiment, for the pur-
pose of aiding him to his home, leaving near the
battle-field soldier after soldier who had fallen
wounded fighting by his side. I thought, then,
that discrimination was bad enough in time of
war; but shall the wounded soldier or his widow
and children be forever reminded that his coun-
try even in her bounty discriminates against them?
By no act, by no word or vote of mine, as the
Representative of a free and a just people, espe-
cially as the Representative of live thousand of
these brave men, many of whom are now bearing
upon their peisons the blows which this infamous
rebellion has aimed at the heart of their country,
and whose wives and little children arc calling
upon them for a support which they are unable
