8064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
advisory board of officers,sefcior to those to be re-
ported upon, who shall carefully scrutinize the
active list of line officers above and including, the
grade of masters in the line of promotion, and re-
port to him in writing1 those who, in the opinion
of the board, are worthy of further promotion or
otherwise, in the following words: We hereby
certify that — has the moral, mental, physical,
and professional qualifications to perform effi-
ciently all his duties, both at sea and on shore, of
the grade to which he is to be promoted, and rec-
ommended him for promotion; or, ——— is not rec-
ommended for further promotion. If, in the opin-
ion of the board, the disability is purely physical,
they will so report to the Department, wnen three
naval surgeons will be directed to examine the
officer, and their report will annul or confirm that
of the board.
All officers who are not recommended by the
board for further promotion, upon the approval
of the finding of the board by the President will
be placed upon the retired list. The officers rec-
ommended will be immediately commissioned ac-
cording; to their present seniority, in the following
grades and numbers, namely: eighteen commo-
dores, thirty-six captains, seventy-two command-
ers, one hundred and forty-four lieutenant com-
manders, one hundred and forty-four lieutenants,
one hundred and forty-four masters,and one hun-
dred and forty-fourensigns, ifthat numlerof offi-
cers remain upon the active list after the action
of the board, otherwise so soon as the graduates
from the Naval Academy are available for pro-
motion. 'Die next one hundred and forty-four
graduates from the academy, after making the
above promotions, will be commissioned accord-
ing to merit as ensigns, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, taking lank according
to the date of their commissions. A similaradvie-
ory board is to be appointed at least once in every
tluee years; but the same officers are not to be eligi-
ble for two successive terms. Nine admirals may
be commissioned, to be selected,during war, from
those officers, not below the grade of command-
ers, who shall most eminently distinguish them-
selves by courage, skill, and genius, in their pro-
fession; bm no officer is to be promoted to this
grade, unless, upon recommendation of the Presi-
dent, by name, he has rccetved the thanks of Con-
gross for distinguished service. During times of
peace vacancies to this grade will be filled by reg-
ular promotion from the li&tof commodorcs, sub*
ject to examination as before prescribed. When-
ever, upon the recommendation of the President
of the United States, any officer of the Navy has
received, or shall receive, by name, during the
present war, a vote of thanks of Congress for dis-
tinguished service in conflict with the enemy, such
oifiker is not to be retired until he has been sixty
years in tlm naval service of the United States.
Any line officer of the Navy or marine corps may
be advanced one grade, if, upon recommendation
of the President, by name, he receives the thanks
of Congress for highly distinguished conduct in
conflict with the enemy, or for extraordinary he-
roism in the line of his profession.
Any person who shall have received a tempo-
rary appointment a« acting volunteer lieutenant,
or acting master in the Navy, from civil life, au-
thorized by the act of Congress of July 24, 1861,
may be confirmed in that appointment in the
Navy, and placed in the line of promotion from
tli« date of his confirmation, if, upon the recom-
mendation of the President, he receives the thanks
of Congress for highly meritorious conduct in con-
flict with the enemy; but the number of officers
allowed in tach grade by this act is not to be ex-
ceeded. Seamen distinguishing themselves in bat-
tle, or by extraordinary heroism in the line of their
profession, may be promoted to forward warrant
officers, or acting masters* mates, as they may be
best qualified, upon the recommendation of their
commanding officer, approved by the flag officer
and the Department. Upon such promotion they
will receiveagratuity of $100and a medal of honor
to be prepared by the Navy Department. The
students at the Naval Academy are to be styled
midshipmen until their graduating examination,
when, if successful, they will receive commissions
as ensigns, to take position according to merit.
The number of midshipmen allowed at the Naval
Academy is to be two for every member and del-
egate of the House of Representatives, to be ap-
pointed m the same manner as appointments are
now made at the Naval Academy, two from the
District of Columbia, and ten from the States and
Territories at large. All appointments are to be
made between the 5th of March and the 1st of Au-
gustof each year. Each candidate is to be between
the ages of fourteen and seventeen, physically
sound, of robust constitution. The examination
will be conducted according to regulations to be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Navy. The
appointments from the District of Columbia and
the ten at large will be made by the President, and
those appointed by the President must possess the
same qualifications as are prescribed for those to
be appointed from the congressional districts. Any
midshipman who shall be dismissed upon the rec-
ommendation of the academic board is not to be
reinstated in the Navy; nor will any officer dis-
missed by the sentence of court-martial ever again
become an officer of the Navy. The three senior
admirals are to wear a square blue flag at the
mainmast head; the next three at the foremast
head, and all others at the mizzen.
The relative rank between officers of the Nayy
and Army is to be as follows, lineal rank only to
be consiuered: Admirals with major generals;
commodores with brigadier generals; captains
with colonels; commanders with lieutenant col-
onels; lieutenant commanders with majors; lieu-
tenants with captains; masters with first lieuten-
ants; ensignswith second lieutenants. There may
be allowed upon the retired list nine admirals and
eighteen commodores. The admirals will be se-
lected by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, from those captains
who have given the most faithful service to their
country. The eighteen commodores will be rec-
ommended from the list of captains by an advis-
ory board of admirals. No officer will be pro-
moted except those whose record in the service
and at the Department is without reproach. After
the above numbeis are commissioned, promotion
to those grades upon the retired list will be by
seniority, subject to an advisory board. The Sec-
retary of the Navy i3 to be directed to prepare a
graduated schedule of pay of the line officers pro-
moted and established by this act, so as not to
increase the pay in the aggregate, and submit the
same immediately to Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs will now be read in their order.
The first amendment was in line four, of sec-
tion four, after the word " of," to insert the word
" three;" so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Navy shall appoint an advisory
board ot Unee officers senior to those to be reported upon,
&c. «
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three, of sec-
tion four, after the word " upon," to insert the
words "and two eminent civilians;" so that it
will read:
Three officers senior to those lobe reported upon and two
eminent civilians, who shall carefully scrutinize Hie act-
ive list of line officers above and Including the grade of mas-
ters in the hno of their promotion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, of section
four, after the word "promotion," to insert the
words " and shall be governed by the laws and
regulations which nowgovern courts of inquiry."
Mr. HALE, That is a mistake. That amend-
ment was not agreed to, and I hope the Senate
will vote it down.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line nine, of sec-
tion four, after the word " promotion," to strike
out the words " or otherwise."
The PRESIDENTpro fempore. That is a mere
verbal amendment, and will be considered as
agreed to, if there is no objection.
The next amendment was, after the word " pro-
motion," in line thirteen, of section four, to strike
out the following words:
Or is not recommended for further promotion. If, in
the opinion of the board, the disability is purely physical,
they will so report to the Department, when three naval sur-
geons will be directed to examine the officer, and their re-
port shall annul or confirm that of the board.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
five, in the following words:
Sec. s. Jind be U further enacted. That all the officers
not recommended by the board for further promotion thai},
upon the approval of the finding of the board by the Presi-
dent, be placed on the retired list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
eleven, after the word " promotion," to strike out
the following wgrds:
The next one hundred and forty-four graduates from the
academy, after making the above promotions, shall be com-
missioned according to merit as ensigns, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, taking rank according to
the date of their commissions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
two, after the word44 every "to strike out" three,"
and insert " two;" so that it will read:
That a similar advisory board shall be appointed at least
once in every two years.
Mr. HALE. Upon advisement since that amend-
ment was made in committee, I have come to the
conclusion that it is an injudicious amendment,
and that" three"had betterbe changed to "four,"
instead of " two." It constitutes an advisory
board which goes over the whole personnel of the
Navy, and it is thought that if that occurs as often
as two years, instead of settling anything, it will
keep the whole Navy unsettled. I think it had
better be as seldom as once in four years, instead
of two. I wish the Senate would reject the amend-
ment of the committee, and then i shall move to
insert" four," instead of "three."
The amendment of the committee was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire now moves to strike out
" three," and insert " four."
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to state to the Senate
what will be the effect of that amendment if it is
adopted. Under the bill as it now stands, there
will be no promotions except on the recommend-
ation of this board. Here is a man who is made
a commander to-day. The board adjourns. The
day after to-morrow the man who is senior to him
in rank on the captain's list, dies ; but he cannot
be promoted to this place until he has gone before
this board; and hence he must remain in his grade
of commander until the board meets, four years
afterwards. I think it ought to be two.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eight, line three, after the word " officers,"
to insert the words " upon the active list;" so that
it will read:
That nine admirals may be commissioned, who shall be
selected, during war, from those officers upon the active
list, not below the grade of commanders, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine, line
six,after the woid " been,"to strikeout" sixty,"
and insert " fifty-five;" so that it will read:
That whenever, upon the recommendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, any officer of the Navy lias re-
ceived, or shall receive, by name, during the present war,
a vote of thanks of Congress for distinguished service, such
officer shall not be retired until he has been fifty-five years
m the naval service of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
two, to strike out the word " advanced," and in-
sert "brevetted;" so that it will read:
That any line officer of the Navy or marine corps may
be brevetted one grade. &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
six, to strike out the word " heroism,"and insert
" excellence."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven, line
two,afterthe word "received," toinsertthe words
"or shall hereafter receive;" so that it will read:
That any person who shafl have received, or shall here-
after receive, a temporary appointment as acting volunteer
lieutenant, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven, line
thirteen, to strike out the word " heroism," and
insert " exccllence."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
twelve, in the following words:
Sec. 12. •£ <£ be it further enacted, That the students at
the Naval Academy shall be styled midshipmen until their
graduating examination, when, if successful, they shall re-
ceive commissions as ensigns, to take position according
to merit. That the number of midshipmen allowed at the
