122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
nation with unruffled composure and determined
■will. Heaven does not desert the undismayed.
Even though there may be foreign troubles im-
pending, for us to despair now is to die. I like,
Mr. Speaker, the motto of the old Romans, which
I have, in this hour of our trial, often commended
to my constituents, "never to despair of the Re-
public!" They used to write it upon the lintel of
their doors, and to emblazon it upon their temples.
It was upon the lips of the people, it was in the
mouths of their orators, " never to despair of the
Republic;" and when a Roman general, even in
the agony of his defeat, gave out the inspiring
words, "never to despair of the Republic," a
Roman Senate voted him a triumphal entry witlun
h'er imperial gates.
Let us fling aside the burden of our national
woe, lament nothing of the irrevocable past, dare
all that is just and constitutional, make no cruel
and disastrous diversions from the great object of
rescuing our nationality, crush as we would a
nest of adders those who would impair its pro-
portions as well as those who would turn us from
that object to other and ignoble objects, involving
fresh divisions, broken armies, social revolutions,
servile insurrections, perpetual penalties, and eter-
nal hates; and move, each and all, heart, soul, body,
men, means, munitions, intelligence, and patriot-
ism, to the grand and only object—the restoration
of our dismantled Union. Thus feeling and thus
acting, we may emerge from this strife of strug-
gling States; and, like the fabled demigod, receive
added strength from our very prostration. If, sir,
we observe the rules of right and honor in regu-
lating our conduct abroad, if we observe the ob-
ject of the war that is now upon us, as the Pres-
ident proclaimed it to the people, as the soldiers
of the Republic understand it, as the House re-
solved it in the Crittenden resolutions, and as the
Constitution and the Union demand, we may be
assured that our warlike resources, the intelli-
gence and valor of the masses, the very physical
geography of the country, and God'himself, will
fight for us against this rebellion. 1 believe that
Providence has marked upon the face of this con-
tinent—written in lines never to be erased—that
this Union, as it was, shall remain, one and in-
divisible. 1 believe in the idea suggested by Mr.
Everett, that our physical geography binds us and
bars us together. He said that before this Union
could be permanently broken, the AUeghanies
must bow their heads to the ocean, and the Missis-
sippi and the Missouri roll back their currents to
the Rocky Mountains. If we would assure to
posterity.the political Union we have lived under
so happily, we should forget all thoughts of
vengeance, seize, with statesmanlike sagacity,
upon the elements of unity we have even yet in
our unhappy land, and mold them in the spirit of
conciliation and wisdom; keeping out of these
halls fatal and disastrous discussions on inflam-
matory and sectional topics; keeping the one holy
object before us for which the lives of our brave
soldiers are so freely offered, and the millions of
our means are so freely expended. With this
object nobly pursued, God will be with us, and
our arms will prevail!
We have many elements of Union. We have
as yet a common blood, a common language, a
common heritage, a common ancestry, a common
history, a common glory,and a common faith in
the same heavenly Father. Thanks to their cour-
ageous patriotism, we have many of the noblest
men from the South still with us, taking their
part 111 our legislation, and sharing the perils of
the Republic. They sit around me, with eye un-
blenched and spirit unbroken. I am ready to heed
now, as 1 ha veal ways heeded, their counsel, \v hen
they tell us how rightly to mold these elements of
Union for its restoration.
Mr. Speaker, if we would thus act all may yet
be well. We may come from this great strug-
gle strengthened and purified by sacrifice, more
young, more exultant, more progressive, and in-
spired with a purer if not so ostentatious a con-
sciousness of our gi eat destiny, under Providence.
I move you, sir, therefore, that this bill I have
discussed preliminarily may be put on its pas-
S<Mr. VALL ANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I make the point that the bill makes an
appropriation,and must therefore, under the rules,
have its fitst consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been discussed
and had some consideration in the House, and
the Chair thinks that the point comes too late.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Where the bill has
been introduced by consent, the Chair has some-
times held that the point of order is waived; but
where regularly reported from a committee and
simply made the subject of discussion, it seems to
me that the uniform practice has been to recog-
nize the right of any member to make the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The uniform practice has
been, when a bill is reported to the House which
makes an appropriation, and the House proceeds
with its discussion, to consider the right to make
the point of order as waived.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit to the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the rule
read.
The Clerk read, as follows;
"Ail proceedings touching appropriations of money shall
be fiist tliseussed m the Committee ot tile Whole HoiihC."
The SPEAKER. The House having discussed
the bill in the House, the right to make the point
of order was waived.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Where a bill was
discussed several days and the point of order was
made, it was decided, on the point being made,
that the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There was a motion to com-
mit pending at the time in the case referred to.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 understand that the passage
of this bill has been recommended by the Secre-
tary of State, after an investigation of the facts
involved. I trust that there is no member of this
House who is not ready to vote for it, unless
some good reason is shown against the passage
of the bill. Why, upon a case like this, where it
is simply proposed to do justice to subjects of a
foreign Powei, the policy of this Government
towards that Power should be the subject of dis-
cussion, 1 am unable to comprehend. I am and
have been opposed to this House undertaking to
discharge the duty of other departments of the
Government. I have been opposed to our con-
ducting this war, which is the part of our generals
in the Held. For the same reason, I am opposed
to this House assuming the province of a high
officer of this Government; that is, the manage-
ment of our foreign diplomacy. In the conduct
of that diplomacy we have a man, in my judg-
ment, eminently fitted for the task, and who will
conduct it with honor and credit to the country.
Leave it in his hands, and I will risk this country
being involved in war with England. The Eng-
lish nation will recognize the rules of diplomacy.
The Secretary of State will conduct the negoti-
ation with dignity, and with an eye to the credit
and honor, as well as the intcrestof the Republic.
If it is left to be thus conducted, without any un-
necessary interference to influence the public mind
before negotiation has been exhausted, two classes
of men in this country will be disappointed: one
class is of those who desire this country to be in-
volved in a European war for the reason that it
will give strength to the rebels at home, and enable
them to succeed. Thatclass will be disappointed.
There is another class of men who will be dis-
appointed. It is those men who revel m the spirit
of bravado; who act like the man who throws off
his coat, who spits on his hands, and wants to
lick all creation in general. That class of inen
will be disappointed. The country is drifting to-
wards no European war. Let us leave our for-
eign negotiations m the hands of those to whom
we have intrusted them, and let us confine our-
selves to our duties as legislators, and, mailt my
word, we will have no foreign war. I move the
previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Allow mo to ask
th^ gentleman from New York why he did not
object to the resolution of the member from Illi-
nois, oflered on the first day of the session, ten- :
denng the thanks of Congress to Commodore \
Wilkes? Will the gentleman withdraw the dc- j
mand for the previous question to answer that
question 5
Mr. DIVEN. I think I will not withdraw my
demand.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to refer this matter
to the Committee of the Whole House
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order i
during the pendency of the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question, to
enable mo to submit that motion ?
Mr. DIVEN. Having refused to withdraw it
in favor of the gentleman from Ohio, I do not see
how I can very well do it now.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and readathird time: and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly lead the thiid time.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is it now in order to move
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HICKMAN. I submit that motion; and
upon it I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HICKMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. UPTON. Would it be in order to inquire
how the committee got at the precise sum of
$1,000?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. I can answer the question by unan-
imous consent.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF XIIE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported back,
with amendments, a bill (S. No. 82) to further
promote the efficiency of the Navy.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever the name of any naval officer now in the ser-
vice, or who may hereafter be in the service of the
United States, shall have been borne on the Navy
Register forty-five years, or shall be of the age of
sixty years, he shall be retired from active service,
and his name entered on the retired list of officers
of the grade to which he belonged at the time of
such retirement; that the President of the United
States be authorized to assign any officer who may
be retired under the first section of the act to shore
duty, and such officer thus assigned shall receive
the full shore pay of his grade while so employed;
that the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
have the authority to detail from the retired list of
the Navy for the command of squadrons and sin-
gle ships such officers as he may believe that the
good of the service requires to be thus placed in
command; and such officers may. if upon the rec-
ommendation of the President of the United States
they shall receive a vote of thanks of Congress
for their services and gallantry in action against
an enemy, be restored to the active list, and not
otherwise; that the President of the United States
shall ha\e the authority to select any officer from
the grades of captain or commander in the Navy,
and assign him to the command of a squadron
with the rank and title of a " flag officer;" and any
officer thus assigned shall have the same authority
and receive the same obedience from the command-
ers of ships in his squadron holding commissions
of an older date than his that he would be entitled
to receive weie his commission the oldest, and to
receive, when so employed, the pay to which he
would have been entitled if he were on the active
list of the Navy; that all officers retired under the
provisions of this act shall teceive the retired pay
of their grade as now fixed by law; that promo-
tions shall be made in place of the officers retired
under the provisions of this bill, as is now pro-
1 vided by law; that the Secretary of the Navy be
| authorized to cause two hundred "medals of
honor3' to be prepared, with suitable emblematic
devices, which shall be bestowed upon such petty
officers, seamen, landsmen, and marines, as shall
most distinguish themselves by their gallantry in
action and other seamanlike qualities during the
present war, and that the sum of $1,000 be appro-
priated, out of any money in theTrcasiuy,for the
purpose of carrying thisprovision into elFect; and
that the hours of labor in the navy-yards of the
