E066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
section as amended by striking out " seventeen"
and inserting "eighteen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment, to
strike out section sixteen, in the following words:
SEC. 36. Aud, be it fm liter enactcd, That tile Secretary of
the Navy be directed to prepare a graduated schedule of pay
of the line officers promoted and established by this act, so
as not to increase tile pay in tiie aggregate, and submit the
same Immediately to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi". HALE. That completes the recommend-
ations of amendment by the Naval Committee.
They did not agree altogether, and the Senator
from Iowa will submit his own views in amend-
ments that he will offer, and I have one or two
amendments to offer myself, I move, on the 2d
page, to sirilte out, in the thirteenth line, the word
" ensign," and to insert in lieu of it " passed mid-
shipman;" and if thai is adopted, I shall move the
same amendment wherever the word "ensign"
appears in the bill. I do not know how that word
" ensign" got into this bill, it is not an English
word, and it has no moaning with reference to the
Navy. I will read tile definition of it, as it is given
ill the dictionary, to show liow entirely out of
place I he term " ensign "is in this bill. Jtixeopied,
I understand, from the French navy list. The
definition of " ensign" as a military term is, " the
lowest commissioned officer, who is subordinate
to the lieutenants in infantry, and who carries the
colors or ensign." That is tho only meaning there
is to it as a military word. It is used in the French
navy, J know, and I am told it was once used in
ours, but I think the term " passed midshipman"
will express the idea a groat deal hotter, and it has
the advantage of being good plain English.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now, I move that wherever tho
word occurs in the bill, the same modification be
made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, That will be
done. Tlie word "ensign" will bo stricken out
and "passed midshipman" inserted in its place
wherever it occurs.
Mr. GRIMES, I move to amend the fifth line
Of the first section, by striking out the words " and
warrants," and inserting " in each grade," so as
to read, " rank according to the datcof their com-
missions in eaolv grade.'" The bill relates only
to commissioned officers and docs not apply to
warrant ofticers.
The nmi'fidment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMKS. [n the next line, before tho
word "admirals," 1 move to insert " roar," and
I jiroposo the same amendment, in the second line
of the second section, in tin; first line of the eighth
section, and tho second line of tho fifteenth section.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore, Tho prop-
osition is to insert the word "rear" before "ad-
miral," wherever it occurs.
Mr. GRIMES. We have adopted this title
from (ho services of France and England, and in
fact they have it in all other services. As the bill
stands now, we make nine full admirals, and it
■would be l-ather an anomalous and rather an ex-
traordinary leap for us to go through so many
grades as we should go from captain to a full ad-
miral, if we regarded the corresponding ranks in
the English and French service. In the English
service next after (hat of captain comes the rank
of rear admirals. They are divided into three dif-
ferent grades, the lowest, being rear admirals of the
blue, of whom there are seventeen m the British
service; the next above that class are the rear ad-
mirals of the white, of whom there are seventeen;
and next are the rear admirals of the red, of whom
there are seventeen. Then the next grade above
rear admiral is the grade of vice admiral, the iu-
nioi being the vice admiral ol the blue, of whom
there are nine; the next the vice admiral of the
white with the same number, and next the vice
admiral of the led with the same number. Then
oomes, ascending the scale, the grade of admiral
—-that is^what we propose to make here—the ad-
mirals of the blue, seven in number, admirals of
the white, seven in number, and admirals of the
red, seven in number; and (lien comes the admiral
of the fleet, one. Under this bill we go up through
all of these grades, nine of them, from a captain, ;
atone leap. 1 think it would be wise for us to'
confine it to rear admirals, and then if ever a great
exigency arises when the Government may need jj
an officer of a higher grade, or when any of these
rear admirals may act so as justly to entitle them
to the compliment of a higher grade, we shall have
it in our power to give them a higher grade.
Mr. HARRIS. What rank have they corre-
sponding to our commodore ?
Mr. GRIMES. In the English service?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir. Would not a com-
modore, under this bill, correspond with the Eng-
lish rear admiral?
Mr. GRIMES. The vice admirals correspond
with lieutenant generals; the full admiral corre-
sponds with a marshal; an admiral of the fleet
corresponds, with a field marshal, in the British
service.
Mr. HARRIS. The point I want to bring to
the attention of the Senator from Iowa is this: as
I understand the arrangement of the English navy,
there is no grade between a captain and a rear
admiral. Hero we are making the grade of com-
modore above captain, and that would correspond
with the rear admiral m the English service.
Mr. GRIMES. That is true. Wo make two
grades, and the question is whether we should
jump over nine corresponding grades in tho Eng-
lish service, or whether wo should take the next
above what we have instead of going up to that
of admiral. It is the same case with the French
service. They have in the French service only
two full admirals, which we propose to make here.
Then they have thirteen vice admirals and twenty-
two joar admirals, besides their admirals on the
reserve list. We give these officers higher rank;
we give them the compliment; we profess to give
them proper pay; and I think we had better re-
servo the high est ranks for some future emergency.
Mr. HALE. I confess I do not feel any great
interest in this division, but it strikes me as not
exactly the thing. The Senator from New York
is mistaken; they have the rank of commodore in
the English navy, and they have more than one
grade of commodores. I find, by looking at the
British Register, they have commodores of the first
class, who are paid with rear admirals, and then
they have commodores of the second class.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will turn to his
Naval Register, page 8, he will see that there is
no such rank ns commodore in the British service;
it is a mere temporary compliment, as it is in our
service. It is not recognized by law as a rank.
They merely call a man commodore when he is
temporarily in charge of a fleet.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is temporary; but
they give him pay according to it.
ATr. GRIMES# So we give a fleet captain
higher pay.
Sir. HALE. But when you pat in the word
" rear," it implies that though the man is an ad-
mnal, lie is subject to some other admiral; and as
long as he is to be the highest officer you make in
the Navy, and as you are conferring nothing buta
title on them, I think it would be as well to stick to
the bill as it is reported, rather than put the word
" rear" in, which has no meaning here. It is a
mere honorary appointment, and while you are
about it you may as well call them admirals as
rent* admirals.
Th e amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that it is a mat-
ter of any consequence, but I have got before me
a statement of the relative rank of these officers.
An admiral of the fleet in the British service ranks
with a field marshal; an admiral with a general,
that is, a full general; a vice admiral with a lieu-
tenant general; a rear admiral with a major gen-
cial; a captain ol the fleet with a brigadier general,
and so on. We give our highest'officer by this
bill acoiresponding rank with a field marshal, and
yet say m another place that he shall only have
the rank of a major general.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa submitted an amondmonr to the bill, to
add some additional sections, winch will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. I now offer that amendment.
J-lie amendment was read, as follows:
Add aftci boetion fifteen of the bill:
ftEc. —. vSiniieii fuiiker cnaclcd. Tiiat horn and after
the ot th,, art tho amm.U p.i'yof the scvc,',l ,,mki
ami gi.iiles of officers ol the iVavy on the active list licicin
; "™tuc m'i'i "S ''0lK,ws- "ain<-,|>' ""Mil als, when
at ta.oi utta< tiedtuavcu-jjoinirvc.^cl.^iai! recOjVf,s\> ",ii<
when on ^hoie who„ OJl Uuvo ot nl^ nee ol
HuitiHg aiders, $3,660 Commodore-. v\h«>u at &oa or it
taehed to u bea goH.g vofecl) gha„ lrceiVC ^4^' when on
shore duty, ,<$3,660; when on leave of abscncc or waiting
orders, $2,92*5. Captains, when at sea, or attached to a sea-
going vessel, shall receivo .$-3,660 ; when on shore duty,
i§9,928; when on leave of absence or waiting orders, $2,343.
Commanders, when at sea, or attached to a sen-going ves-
sel, shall receive $2,928 ; when on shore duty, .$2,313; when
on leave of absence or waiting oiders, $1,875. Lieutenant
commanders, when at sea, or attached to a sea-going vessel,
shall receive $2,343; when on shoie duty, $1,873; when on
leave of absence or waiting orders, $1,500. Lieutenants,
when at sea, or attached to a sea-going vessel, shall receive
$1,875; when on shore duty, $1,500; when on leave of ab-
sence or waiting orders, $1,200. Master, when at sea, or
attached to o.sea-going vessel, shall receive .$1,500; when
on shore dutv, $1,200; when on leave of absence or wait-
ing orders, $960. Ensigns, when at sea, or attached to a
sea-goingvessel,shall jeceive $1,200 ; when on shore duty,
$$960; when on leave of absence or waiting orders, .^768.
Midshipmen shall receive $500.
Sec. —. Jind be it farther enacted, That all officers, while
at bea or attached to a sea-going vessel, shall be allowed
one lation.
Sec. —. Jlndbe it further enacted, That admirals, com-
modores, lieutenant commandos,lieutenants, masters, and
ensigns, on the retired list ol tho. Navy, shall receive the
same pay and rations as authorized to the officeis of the
Army (according to their respective ranks) by the act of
Congre&b approved August 3,1861, that is to say: admirals
the same as major generals; commodores the same as brig-
adiergenerals; lieutenant commanders the same as majors;
lieutenants the same as captains; masters the same as first
lieutenants; and ensigns the same as second lieutenants in
the Army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment will be considered all together, though it
contains a variety of propositions, and each prop-
osition may be amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa why he has not scaled the pay of
surgeons and assistant suigeons and other officers
of the Navy fn the same way.
Mr. GRIMES. I will answer that in a mo-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to propose
to the amendment, and I hope I shall get the at-
tention of the Senate, though I hardly expect to
do so. The sixth and seventh lines of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, read thus:
Admirals, when at sea, or attached to a sea-going vessel,
shall receive $5,718.
I move to amend by striking out, "when at sea
or attached to a sea-going vessel," and insert,
" when commanding squadrons," also, by strik-
ing out " §718;" so that the clause, if amended as
I propose, will read:
Adiniials, when eoiimiamlmg squadrons, shall receive
§5,000.
And upon that I desire to say a few words to
the Senate. I confess that while I am entirely
willing, and have been anxious to adopt some le-
gislation which shall recognize the extraordinary
meritand scrvice of our naval commanders, 1 have
all along felt embarrassed with the conviction that
the emergencies of war, operate but a poor occa-
sion for establishing a permanent peace establish-
ment either of the Army or Navy; and I take it
for a certainty that what we do to-day, what we
do in this Congress on this bill, will be perma-
nent. I have known something of the history of
tho legislation of Congress in regard to the pay of
the Navy for a good many years. It has always
been up, and never down. The officers of the
Navy, particularly the younger ones, have been
continually asking for increased pay and increased
rank. That is human nature. I do not blame
them for that. But the general line of argument
has been that the real effective part of the Navy,
the junior officers, were inadequately paid, while
it has been generally conceded that the senior or
higher officers of the Navy were paid enough.
CJp to 1830, when the Navy had performed some
of the most glorious feats that adorn our history,
the highest pay that such heroes as Decatur, and
Perry, and Bainbridge, and MacDonough. re-
ceived was $1,920. That was the highest pay
allowed to any officer of the Navy. But in 1835
the subject was pretty thoroughly examined and
reexamined in Congress, and a pay bill was then
passed bytheCongressoftheUruted States,giving
to officeis in the Navy of the United States higher
pay than was paid to officers of the same grades
in any navy of the woild. We had not the higher
grades, to be sure, but the grades that we had were
paid higher than any navy in the world. The num-
ber of captains in 1830 was thirty-seven, not so
many, by a good deal, as wc have placed upon the
l oti rod list at this presentsession of Congress. After
Mr. Tyler came into power in 1841,"there being
at that time no limitation by law upon the num-
ber of officers, and no limit but his nomination
