1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
one dollar. He will be left at the mercy of every
trader as he goes along. The sutler is under the
control of military authority, and he cannot, if
the officers do their duty, make larger profits than
those to be allowed under the bill, at the prices to
be fixed by the board. I know that if I were in
the Army I should want a little plug of tobacco
every day. You regulate the price, and I may go
to the sutler and buy it. But if I have got no sut-
ler, X should have, perhaps, to abandon my duties
in camp, if I could obtain permission, and go in
quest of tobacco, without which I could not think,
[laughter,] and could not act very well.
Now, there are a dozen little things without
which the soldiers cannot get along in the field.
You must not measure the usefulness of this sut-
ler by your experience round about this city.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to yield to me for a moment.
■ Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say a few words
in reference to this subject; and before 1 take my
seatl shall suggestan amendment,which seems to
me to be desirable, to the sixth section of the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I have given to this subject some
consideration and some deliberation, and I have
come to the conclusion that the only good method
by which our soldiers may be supplied with those
little luxuries necessary for them is through the
medium of sutlers. If there be abuses connccted
with the practices of sutlers, I think we can rem-
edy those abuses. Now, sir, I am in favor of
giving to our soldiers all those little luxuries, so
called—all those little outside matters that have
been referred to—so far as is consistent with their
health and discipline.
There are three methods which have been sug-
gested of supplying them; one is to allow the pub-
lic to hawk and peddle about the camps. That
is an objectionable method, because it may dis-
close the position of our forces in the face of the
enemy. And it wouldbedifficultinmany instances
perhaps to know the character of those hawking
and peddling about the camps. Besides that, I
think there is more liability to imposition upon
the soldier hy that class of persons than by some
person who is regularly established in the camp.
It would certainly be very well if soldiers could
be permitted to come into town and buy in the mar-
ket their supplies, where the citizens buy theirs.
But it must be remembered that they can-not leave
their camps for that purpose, and it is to be hoped
that they will not always be as near these markets
as this army of the Potomac now is.
These objections, together with those already
stated, seem to me to bo formidable against allow-
ing the public generally to hawk and peddle about
the camps.
Another method is that suggested by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] to have the
quartermasters furnish these articles. Now, sir,
the difficulty I see in the way of the adoption of
that method, as has already been stated, is that
the kind of articles intended to be supplied by sut-
lers are not those in general use among them. For
instance, one soldier may smoke,' another may
chew, and a third may do neither. The quarter-
master only furnishes those articles in general use
which are matters of necessity, which every sol-
dier must have. It occurs to me, too, that if the
quartermasters were (o set about furnishing these
articles, we would soon hear complaints coming
to this House that those who did not use the ar-
ticles would be charged with them in thequaiter-
masters' bills. That method, then, seems to be
impracticable, and leaves the only other method
which has been proposed, which is the appoint-
ment of sutlers and regulating them under the law
as best we can, so as to prevent imposition.
Now, it may be very easy for us to say here
that the soldiers can do without those articles, that
there is no necessity for these little extras; but
we must deal with our soldiers as they are; com-
ing from the various portions of the country, they
had habits formed before entering the service, and
they are not, perhaps, the kind of men who are
willing to change them at once. There are many
little articles of necessity and convenience which,
if the soldier can have administered to him from
time to time as he wants them, renders his posi-
tionmore comfortable, hisservice more agreeable,
and renders him contented in the camp. There
is less inducement for him to leave it. In fact, he
has no excuse whatever when the article he wants
is at his command at a fair price, to ask leave of
absence from the camp.
Now, sir, the amendment which it strikes me
will perfect the sixth section of the bill is as fol-
lows: in the seventh line, after the word " pres-
ents," I would insert the words " nor to be inter-
ested in any way in the stock, trade, or business
of any sutler," and then, in the eighth line, after
the word "presents," I would insert the words
"or being thus interested;" so that the section,
as I propose to amend, in addition to tlie amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs, would
read:
Sec. 6. JIM be it further enacted, That no person shall be
permitted to act as slitter unless appointed according to the
provisions of tliis act; nor shall any person be sutler for more
than one regiment; nor shall any sutler farm out or under-
let the business of sutling or tlie privileges granted to him
by his appointment; nor shall any officer of the Army re-
ceive from any sntler any money or other presents ; nor to
be interested iirfttly way in the stock, trade, or business or
•any sutler; and any officer receiving such presents or being
thus interested, dnectly or indirectly, shall be punished at
the discretion of a court-martial. No sutler shall sell toan
enlisted man 011 ciedit to a sum exceedingone fourth of his
monthly pay within the same month; nor shall the regi-
mental quartermasters allow the' u>e of army wagqps for
sutlers' purposes; nor shall the quartermasters' convey-
ances he used foi the transportation of sutlers' supplies.
So far as my information has gone, the great
difficulty in administering the office of sutler with
justice to the soldier has grown out of the fact
that the sutlers have overreached the lien which
they were allowed to have on the soldier by the
law. The officers of the regiments, too, it is said,
are in some instances interested with the sutler in
the profits of the business. 1 do not know whether
it is a fact or not; but I can readily conceive that
it would not require a very sharp colonel to make
that interest with the sutler. Consequently, if
there is any injustice on the part of the sutler
practiced upon the soldier, if he undertakes to
take more pay than he has a lien for, or under-
takes to seize upon the money of the soldier, the
soldier is without redress. He has no friend to
appeal to if the officers are interested with the
sutler.
Now, to prevent anything of that kind, I think
these words which I have suggested, if inserted
in the bill, would sufficiently guard it. If wo can
insure that the officers shall have no interest with
the sutler, the soldier can appeal to them for jus-
tice, knowing that they have 110 interest but what
is right. It will inspire confidence on the part 01
the soldiers in their officers in this regard. But if,
notwithstanding the remedy which I propose, the
officer still makes himself interested with the sut-
ler, punishment is provided by the last clause of
the section.
I will not offer the amendment at this time my-
self. 1 merely suggest it to the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and, if it meets
his approbation, at the proper time I will offer it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The amendment the
fentleman proposes is not now in order, as we
ave not yet reached that section of the bill. If it
were, I should have 110 objection to his offering it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I give notice that at
the proper time I will offer it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. As this is a radical
change in the bill which the Committee on Military
Affairs have recommended, and the only radical
change they have recommended in the Senate bill,
I hope the House will not vote upon it upon the
idea that there is to be 110 sutler at all in the vol-
unteer service. I should like the House to perfect
this bill as far as possible before the question is
taken upon the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Blake.] If we are to have sutlers,
then I know that the gentleman from Ohio is as
desirous as any of us that the system shall be
properly regulated. Let us first perfect this bill,
and then we will be better able to decide between
it and the proposition for the abolition of the sut-
ler system. 1 am sorry to say that the arguments
| made by some of the gentlemen who have been
1 up have not been pertinent to the question before
| us. I want the House to vote on each amendment
! 011 its merits.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts I suggest
to my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, whether I10 will not adopt the
following amendment:
Insert in section four :
And proiided farther, That thcsuller shall have no legal
ciairn upon any officer, non-commissioned officer or pnvato,
to an amount exceeding one fourth of hit, pay for aiucles
sold durmg any lpontll
Mr. Speaker, the difference between that and
the pending amendment is this: the amendment
provides that the sutler shall have a lien to the ex-
tent of one sixth of the pay of an officer or soldier;
and my amendment provides that a sutler shall
have no legal claim if he sells to the extent of more
than one fourth of the pay—that he shall have no
legal claim whatever. The limit of my amend-
ment is one fourth of his monthly wages.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no objection
to that.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to it. I am willing to make the limit one sixth
of the pay of an officer or soldier. I hope that the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
will be adopted by the House. I would accept
it as a modification of my amendment, if the
amendment were my own measure, and not that
of the Committee on Military Affairs. I am satis-
lied—and every word uttered upon this floor has
gone still further to satisfy me—that if we are to
have sutlers they ought to be permitted to have a
lien upon the pay of officers and soldiers, to a
certain extent.
The argument of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Campbell,] that the sutlers should
not be allowed more privileges than any other
traders or merchants, I do not think is a sound
one. The theory upon which sutlers are provided
for the Army is, that they will move with the
Army to places where there may be no traders of
any kind to supply the wants of the soldiers. In
that regard the sutlers are necessary to the Army,
and the benefit and comfort of the soldiers. To
deal with the traders at the cross roads soldiers
will have to leave their camp, or those traders will
have to be allowed to enter camp for the purpose
of dealing with the soldiers. In either case there
would be a breaking down of discipline. A camp
would not be worth much where the soldiers were
permitted to go out of camp whenever they pleased,
or the traders were permitted to go into it when-
ever they pleased. It would destroy all proper
discipline.
The sutler should have a lien because his prices
are fixed by a board, and fixed for the purpose
of benefiting the soldier. The merchant outside
can fix any price that he may please. He is not
subject to any control at all. lie may overcharge
the soldier, or sell him to any extent, withoutany
power of interference on the part of the officers.
He may sell what he pleases. He may sell arti-
cles that are good, or articles that are injurious.
The sutlers, on the contrary, can only sell certain
articles, and at certain prices. Those consider-
ations are sufficient, to my mind, why there ought
to be a discrimination made between a sutler and
a common trader. It is utterly impossible to leave
a camp open for traders to come in whenever they
please, and at the same time preserve discipline.
I call the attention of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to this fact: our Army is about to pene-
trate into the southern country, and as our Army
advances the sutlers will have to advance with it.
How much would the soldiers have to pay for the
articles they wanted if there were 110 sutlers?
How much would a soldier have to pay for a spool
of cotton in Richmond? If we weie to take pos-
session of that city this day the soldier would have
to pay twenty-five cents a spool for cotton. How
much would it cost to buy a clothes brush, or two
oi  three of them ? Why, sir, it would take a sol-
dier's pay for a month. The sutlers who go along
with the Army have a price fixed upon every ar-
ticle, and the soldiers can procure whatever they
want at a very small price compared with the enor-
mous charges made in the seceded States where it
is expected our Army will soon penetrate. Sol-
diers, by having sutlers, can procure greater com-
forts at more reasonable rates. If you do not have
sutlers, there are a great many things which the
soldier cannot get at all without paying enormous
prices for them. We should, therefore,legislate
upon the theory that our Army is going to move
into the South and upon the forces of the rebels.
We ought not to legislate upon the theory that the
Army is not going to move, whether correct or
not. We should endeavor, as far as possible, if
our Army should penetrate into the interior of the
rebellious States, as our Army in the West has
done, to legislate to give our soldiers all the neces-
sary comforts at reasonable rates.
