2106
THE CONGKESSIOjSTAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Mr. OLIN. I hope the previous question will
be voted down.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. OLIN. I had no intention, Mr. Speaker,
engage in this debate; but after this most ex-
traordinaryexhibition made in this House, I think
it lygh time that some one in the House should
take occasion to rebuke it, and perhaps it might
as well be done by me as by any other person. 1
think, with all due defcrcnce to some who have
engaged in this debate,and without inlendingany
personal disrespect to any one, that we have just
listened to the most extraordinary exhibition of
demagogism that this House lias ever witnessed,
whether it be considered in regard to ability ex-
hibited or the subject-matter of remark. This
|>ill has evidently been prepared with great care
and consideration. It embraces in its general prin-
ciples substantially tiie provisions of every bill
of the same kind enacted since the system of pen-
sions was commenced in any civilized country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman has remarked, very kindly i should
say, that he has just witnessed the most extraor-
dinary exhibition of demagogism that he ever wit-
nessed; and, I understood him to say, " by the
gentleman who has just taken his scat." I wish
to know if he applied that to me?
Mr.OLIN. Certainly not. Ofcourselcouldnot.
Mr, HOLMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from
New York if he applies these unparliamentary
remarks to me? If he does, I will most assuredly
resent them.
Mr. OLIN. I think the gentleman will be sat-
isfied upon that point before I get through. I rose
principally to protest here against this noyel doc-
trine just advanced, of its being a great outrage,
that an officer commanding a bngadc or a divis-
ion, or the head of the Army, i£ not, by the pro-
visions of this bill, placed on the pension roll at
the same rate as a private soldier, especially as it
is said that in almost every engagement such of-
ficer retires to some convenient position out of
danger, while the private is sent to the front of
battle. And this sort of twaddle is to be addrcssi d
to the country, and an American Congress is com-
pelled to listen to it.
Now, almost every one knows, and I suppose
that, at least, members of Congress know, that if
your higher commands in the Army were suita-
bly filled, they would require the highest endow-
ments ever vouchsafed by God to man. Look at
the annals of history. Who have been the men
who have successfully, beyond all comparison,
conducted military operations? They have been
men competent to all the walks of civil as well as of
military life. They have been men of the highest
intellectual endowments and of the greatest attain-
ments—men like Cecsar, who could write history
as well as fight battles—as Napoleon, who could
govern the woild as well as lead armies, and whose
loftiest monument now is his code of laws—a code
of which he may be justly called the author,
though the greatest statesmen and jurists of
France were assigned to the labor of jts framing.
But we are now told tlmt men competent for the
highest commands in your armies, and who m all
the walks of civil life would occupy the highest
and most lucrative positions, should be placed on
the pension roll precisely in the same place as the
private soldier. And thi« speech of the gentleman
is to be cited and quoted as some kind of evidence
that gieat injustice has been done the private sol-
dier, and that the gentleman whoopposed this hill
must be an exceedingly clever fellow; and if he
could have his way, every private m the Army
would be pensioned at a rate at least of a majoi
general. Now, sir, it is known, I suppose, to the
world, that a great many good men, that a great
many men in all the walks of civil life, standing
in the fiont^rank, have volunteered as privates
who, in most of the <u ocations of <_ivil life, would
command a compensation for their sei vices more
than this Government can afford to pay or docs
pay to the private soldier. Rut while that is known,
it is equally well known that privates in our Army
aie paid better, are paid a much higher compen-
sation than is paid to the privates in anv aimv in
tlu: world. 3
A gentleman near me suggests that the generals
alsoofour Army icceivepiopomonntely ln h pay,
and the remark to a cei tain extent is 1 rue,Though'
not to the same extvnt the gentleman's remark
would seem to imply. If I am not greatly mis-
taken, the difference between the pay of an officer
of high command in the American Army and a
private soldier is not so great by far as the differ-
ence between the pay of an officer of equal lank
in the French or English service and the common
soldier.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. OLIN. Oh, certainly. '
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood the gentleman
to say that the practice had been uniform in the
payment of bounty heretofore, to discriminate be-
tween officers and soldiers. I ask him whether
in the grants of land made in the shape of bounty
to officers and soldiers, any such discrimination
has been made; whether the private soldier does
not receive his one hundred and sixty acres of
land precisely as the major general receives his?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir; I believe that is so.
Mr. HOLMAN. And yet I am told that in the
present bounty paid to our soldiers under exist-
ing laws, adiscriminationismade between officers
and soldiers.
Mr. OLIN. I was about to remark that the
leading idea of this bill was to regulate not only
the pay but the pension of the private soldier and
of the officer to some extent proportionate to their
ability, just as all compensation in civil life is
regulated as near as may be according to the abil-
ity and services of the person employed.
Now, it is true, as I have already observed,
that many persons who have volunteered in the
service as privates in the Army could command
a higher salary in civil life than they are receiving
from the Government for their services; but nei-
ther the pension bill nor the pay of the soldier is
regulated in reference to these exceptional cases.
They arc regulated according to the average abil-
ity of the puvate soldier. And now, if you take
the average compensation of ordinary laboring
men throughout the country, you will find that
the compensation the private soldiers receive is
about equal, to say the least, to the amount they
could obtain for their labor in civi-1 life.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, the defect of the
existing Army regulation as to the pay of pri-
vates and officers in the Army, arises from the
fact that the amount of compensation to be paid
officcis and privates was adopted without refer-
ence to the existing state of facts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say that lie is addtessing hisaigumentnow
to the matter of pay, and for one I should not dis-
agree with him as to the line of gradation which
he mentions, so far as the pay is concerned; but
it is the matter of bounty that we are now con-
sidering, and I hold that a different rule should
regulate the distribution of that.
Mr. OLIN. The same principle which governs
and regulates the pay of the private soldier and
officei, should, of course, govern and regulate the
gratuity by way of pension, the gentleman speaks
of. It should obviously be in pioportion to the
services and capacity of the recipient.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana has remarked
that these officers are not at the postof danger as
is the pi ivate soldier in battle. The gentleman
has doubtlessly carefully read the history of our
late Mexican war. Ifhc has done so, he will have
discovered from that record that more officers,
commissioned and non-commissioned, in propor-
tion to the number of pnvates engaged in that
war, were skin or wounded. This fact does not
show, in my poor judgment, that the officers
shrunk from the post of danger.
Mr. HOLMAN. What I said was that the
officer was not more exposed to danger than the
private, and that so far as the generals were con-
cerned they were comparatively exempt from
danger and hardship.
Mr. OLIN. I understood the gentleman to say
more than that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know the gentleman did
not desire to misquote me. It may be thatm the
heat of debate my language would bear a con-
struction stronger than I intended.
Mr. OLIN. I am very glad that the gentleman
retracts what he said.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 do not retract at all. I
merely state what I did say or intended to say.
Mr. OLIN. Unquestionably it is tiue, notonly
in the Mexican war, hut I ventuie to say when
the history of this rebellion comes to be written
the same fact will be proven, that more officers
are killed and wounded in battle in this hellish
rebellion than privates, in proportion to their re-
spective numbers.
I was about to remark further that even the pay
of the Army during this rebellion will be a griev-
ous burden upon the country. I trust that bur-
den will be cheerfully borne.
But, Mr. Speaker, since the creation of the
West Point Academy and the Naval School, the
men who have gone into the Army or Navy as
officers, have, from the necessity of the case, been
men of more than ordinary ability. No one could
graduate at either the Military or Naval School
who did not exhibit more than an ordinary de-
gree of capacity. As a general thing, when a man
graduated at either of these institutions, he could
step into the walks of civil life and obtain a com-
pensation much above that paid him by the Gov-
ernmentas lieutenant of the Army or midshipman
in the Navy.
And such a state of things arose that many of
your northern men, including some of the best
officers now in the Army, were induced tp throw
up their commissions in the Army and enter upon
civil employments, the inducement being the high
compensation they could command, notwithstand-
ing their obligation in honor to serve the Gov-
ernment in the capacity of officers of the Army.
Some of our best officers thus left the service.
But I am happy to add that most of these men
i vfho thus left the service rallied to the support of
the old flag, and among them the man who now
stands first on the Army Register.
Simply as that was one applied to the volunteer
service, and the officers engaged in it, it afforded
oftentimesacompensation which I say they never
could have obtained, a great majority of them, in
civil life. It is a high compensation now; never-
theless it was an unavoidable condition of things
which the country, in its justice, saw fit to submit
to, and in its desire to rally around the old flag
the support of every loyal citizen. So far as this
bill is concerned, in my judgment, it makes a mu-
nificent provision, munificent for the common sol-
dier and for the officer, and certainly not more for
the officcr than for the soldier.
But little is to be made here or elsewhere, I trust,
Mr. Speaker, by attempting to denounce the meas-
ure simply on the ground that it makes a distinc-
tion between a private soldier and an officer of the
Army. That distinction is an obvious, just, and
proper one, and will, in my judgment, be approved
by the country.
Mr. ELY. I think that we have had discus-
sion enough on this bill, and that its passage ought
not longer to be delayed; and I therefore demand
the previous question on the pendingamendment
and on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can onlycall
the previous question on the pendingamendment
at this time.
Mr. ELY. Then I make that demand.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Ely were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers having
reported-—ayes 28, noes 70.
Mr. ELY demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider he laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AGAIN.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I was absent when
the vote was taken on the motion to lay on the
table the bill establishing a Department of Agri-r
culture, and 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
House to record my vote in the negative.
There was no objection.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make a per-
sonal explanation, it would seem from the re-
