1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
I know, Mr. Speaker, that the gentlemen who
think differently from moon this subject are as
sincerely disposed to do all they can for the ben-
efit of the soldier as 1 am. It is an honest differ-
enceof opinion between us. I call upon the House,
therefore, to act upon these amendments as if these
were to be no change of system, and sutlers were
to remain in the Army forever. When the amend-
ments of the committee have been disposed of,-
then the House can decide between the pending
proposition and the substitute of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Blake.]
if we leave out this amendment, and accept the
provisions of the Senate bill, I am satisfied that it
will not conduce to the benefit of the soldier. The
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs
will do justice to both parties. I am convinced
that to make the pay of the sutler certain is the
way to induce the board of officers to put down
the price of articles to the lowest possible rate.
To leave the sutler without a lien upon the sol-
diers5 pay is to leave him open to make constant
appeals to the council of administration. He will
say> " you see what hazards we have to undergo.
We carry our goods into the country of the en-
emy, and if the Army is destroyed, then we lose
everything. If the soldiers do not choose to pay
us, then they can go off without doing so. We
cannot undertake such a hazardous business with-
out a proportionate compensation." And such
appeals, in justice and equity, cannot be denied.
Even in our cities the hazards which naturally
attach to the business of any of our merchants
have to be taken into consideration in fixing the
price of their goods. So it is everywhere. In my
opinion, therefore, to pass the bill as it came from
tl^e Senate would be inevitably to increase the price
of all articles sold by the sutlers to the soldiers,
and offer to the dishonest soldier a bonus not to
pay at ail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a single word to
say upon this bill. It seems to me, sir, that upon
this question the opinion of military men upon
this floor ought to have great weight with us; and
when I hear those gentlemen say that sutlers arc
absolutely necessary for the Army, I am disposed
to defer to their opinion. I was prejudiced on this
question m this respect, and had about come to
the conclusion that sutlers were unnecessary. I
agreed, in part, with the. gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Blake} and with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] that it would be bet-
ter to do away with this office altogether in the
Army. Still, sir, having listened to the remarks
of the gentlemen who have had experience m this
matter-, and who are acquainted in the Army, who
are or have been officers of the Aimy, I believe
now it is absolutely necessary for the comfort of
the soldiers that this office should be continued.
Now, sir, there are those of us here who have
a special interest in this matter. We have sons
in our Army, and we feel that it is necessary for
us to do anything that we can do for their com-
fort; and I suggest to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether, if he objects to the articles
which he has named, it would not be better for
him to move an amendment to strike from the list
those unnecessary articles?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not think that the list
as presented to this House by the Senate con-
tains any unnecessary articles. My objection is
to giving the sutler a lien upon the wages of the
soldier. That was the only point I made. I am
in favor of the provision of the Senate and against
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs of this House.
[Here the hammer fell, Mr. Blair's hour hav-
ing expired.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I supposed that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania objected to the articles
that weie enumerated in the list. As to the mat-
ter of lien, I concur with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr.tho.mas,] that if this bill is safely
guarded in that respect, no difficulty will arise
from the objection urged to it by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and I think that it will be so
with the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
is not pending. It was not in order at the time
it was suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, if that amendment
shall be introduced and adopted, J think the bill
will be sufficiently guarded to meet the objection
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 should not have known
for the past fifteen minutes precisely what the
question was before the House if I had not given
some special attention to it. But, sir, I understand
now that the question arising upon the amendment
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs is
simply whether Congress will give to the sutler a
Jien to the amount of one sixth of the pay of the
soldier on the articles he may supply during the
month. That is the single question presented by
this amendment.
Now, sir, as has been remarked by the gentle-
man from Missouri, I think we should not pass
upon that question with any reference to the ul-
timate disposition of the main question whether
we will have sutlers or not. 1 know that the term
" sutler" has become odious; I know that there
have been great abuses; I know that there is a
feeling abroad very extensively in the country,
that this office ought to be abolished; but, sir, it
is always dangerous to legislate upon prejudice,
and it is necessary to investigate the facts before
we yield to prejudice.
Now, sir, I am satisfied, not only from the re-
marks of the gentleman from Missouri, but from
my own reflections, that sutlers are an important
attachment to the Army; but they ought to be
regulated with such strictness as to guard against
abuses. This bill undertakes to regulate them.
It changes the mode of their appointment, and
undertakes to guard against abuses, and secure
a proper person to discharge the duties of the
office. In the next place, it provides that there
shall be a tribunal who shall say what shall be
sold and what shall not be sold, and the prices at
which sales shall be made, by the person thus
appointed, call him sutler or what you will, to the
soldiers. Then, the only question that remains
is, whether, having thus selected the sutler, and
limited him in what he shall sell, you will pro-
vide that he shall have any lien on the wages of
the soldiers for anything which he supplies to
them. Now, it seems to me that it is for the ben-
efit of the soldiers, as well as of the sutler, that
there shall be a limited lien towards the indebt-
edness they may incur. It is for the benefit of
the soldier to have some limited supplies, and he
must necessarily look to the sutler for them, and
under these restrictions he will be safe in receiv-
ing them; and if the prices are fixed, it will be for
the benefit of both parties that this limited credit
should be i xtended.
Without going into any comparison between
the condition of the sutler and other classes of the
community who furnish supplies, it is enough
that the office of sutler is necessary to the service;
and having guarded it as we propose to do, that
we should allow a limited lien to the sutler to the
extent proposed by the Committee on Military
Affaiis, seems to me to be only reasonable. Nor
do I see any objection to the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,]
for it would seem to be just as reasonable that you
should limit the extent to which the sutler shall
give the soldier credit for the purpose of securing
the earnings of the soldier, as to limit the extent
to which the sutler shall have a lien for the sup-
plies furnished to the soldier. I shall, therefore,
ifl have an oppoitunity, vote both for the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and for theamendmentproposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. This question is
like all others where we have to deal with what
constitutes, at the same time, a great necessity and
agreatevil. It is very difficult to protect the young
and inexpeiiem ed soldici in our Army against the
improvidence natural to his condition and to his
age, and at the same time to furnish him those
comforts which we cannot furnish under the or-
ganism of the Army.
I am sorry that the schedule which the Senate
proposed, or some other suitable schedule, has not
been retained in the bill. I have no confidence in
the attention which will be given by the commis-
sioned officers of the Army to the making out of
this schedule. I know that the article of dried nuts,
which is not in this list in the Senate bill, will be
one of the fust to go into the camps, and they are
a great injury to the soldiers with their concen-
trated oil.
With regard to the particular amendment now
before the House, I am inclined to favor it, and I
do it mainly forthisreasoii: 1 know thatspmeregi-
ments have now been in the field for five months
without receiving any pay, and that many of those
comprising them are poor men, men who have no
money, and are notable to raise means to provide
themselves with necessaries which they must
have, and who must, therefore, necessarily antici-
pate their pay with the sutlers forthese necessaries.
Now, you propose here to restrict the sutlers to
one sixth of the pay, and you will not allow the
soldier to make a credit of more than one fouri-h
his pay. You give the sutler apositivelien upon
one sixth of the soldier's pay. 1 think that is
right, and for this reason, that the poor man can-
not get along without this credit. If he does not
get it from the sutler, the young men in the ser-
vice who have means will be compelled to loan
to those who have not; for they will have these
things whether you give the sutler alien on their
pay and allow him to give creditor not; and if they
cannot get credit from the sutler they will get it
from the more liberal and generous of their fellow
soldiers, who will remain in the end entirely un-
compensated. I think, therefore, that the provis-
ion which the Committee on Military Affairs pro-
pose to introduce into this section will protect the
more generous portion of our soldiers in camp
from their improvidentassociates, who would bor-
row from them if they could not get credit from
the sutler.
Now, I regard more than all other features of
this bill the very clause that we have rejected—1
mean the restrictive list. I hope that in some form
or other the Committee on Military Affairs will
be induced to reconsider that point, or that the
House will do so under its advice.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman from Indiana that I certainly have no
objection to the vote being retaken on that clause.
There seemed to be no interest taken in it by the
House at the time it was voted upon. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was not particularly
anxious that that clause should be either retained
or rejected. But it was supposed that if the com-
mission provided for in the first section of this bill
were appointed, the whole matter about making
or altering the schedule ought to be left to'that
commission. It would be competent for it to de-
cide what is proper to be sold by sutlers. Cer-
tainly, if it is the sense of the House, or if any
gentleman desires it, the vote can be taken on it
again. I shall certainly not only consent to it,
but shall be very glad of it.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then I will move
to reconsider the vote by which the clause recit-
ing the list of articles to be sold by the sutlers
was struck out. It will be observed, by looking
at the clause, that the list is subject to such re-
vision as, in the judgment of the board, the ne-
cessities of the service may require. This gives
the board a power over the list; but the very fact
of the insertion of such a list in the bill will be a
sufficient hint to the board that it is not to permit
the introduction of contraband articles.
The question was taken on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House strucl^out the
following clause of the bill:
To wit: apples, dried apples, oranges, figs, lemons, but-
ter,-cheese. milk, sirup, molasses, raisins, candles, crack-
ers, wallets, brooms, comforters, boots, pocket looking-
glasses, pins, cloves, leather, tin washbasins,shirt buttons,
hoin and bra^s huttons, neivspapeis, books, tobacco, cigars,
pipes, matches, blacking, blacking biushes. clothes brushes,
tooth'biushes, hair biu&hes, coarse and tine combs, emery,
crocus, pockct handkeichiefs, stationeiy, aimor oil,sweet
oil, lotten stone, razor stiops, razors, shaving soap, soap,
suspended, scissors, shoestrings, needles, thread, knives,
pencils, and Bustol brick.
The vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs, to
strike out the foregoing clause, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, * have pre-
sented several petitions, very numerously signed,
in favor of abolishing this system of Army sutlers.
The reason given on the face of these petitions
was the extortions practiced by the sutlers upon
the soldieis. That was the chief, and I presume
the only objection. It was not so much against
the existence of the office as it was to correct the
abuses that exist in it. Now, according to the
terms oft his bill, it is submitted to a military board
in the first place, to say what articles these sutlers
shall deal in; and in the next place a board of offi-
