1862.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
port in the Globe this morning, that I refrained
from pressing the resolutions which I submitted
yesterday, because there was objection to it. I
desire to state that I did not press it at that time
because it was offensive to members on the other
side of the House to act on it at that time; but I
did not mean to intimate that I would not call it
tap at the proper time, and ask for its adoption by
the House.
BOARD OF FORTIFICATIONS.
The SPEAKER. The next business 111 order
is the consideration of House bill No. 416, au-
thorizing the appointment of a board of fortifi-
cations to provide for the sea-coast and other de-
fenses of the United States,andforotherpurposes.
^ Mr. GOODWIN. I move that the furihercon-
sideration of that bill be postponed until Thurs-
day next.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope that the bill
will not be postponed, but that the sense of the
House will be taken on it at this time.
Mr. GOODWIN. I desire that the bill may
be postponed for two reasons. In the first place
1 want to have a call of committees for reports;
and in the second place I desire to be heard on
the subject, and am not now prepared to make
the remarks which I design for want of docu-
ments which I have not yet been able to get. I
hope, therefore, that the motion to postpone will
be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
TRANSFER OF TEII3 PENITENTIARY BUILDINGS.
Mr. TRAIN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to report
back House bill No. 221, to transfer the peniten-
tiary buildings of the District of Columbia to the
War Department, to be used as an arsenal, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interfere with
my colleague in passing this bill,butl would like
to ask him whether it can be done consistently
with the sentences which have been passed and
entered up touching the prisoners now confined
in that penitentiary? I see that the bill provides j
* that'the prisoners now under sentence in the '
penitentiary of the District of Columbia shall be :
transferred to the jails and prisons of the several
States wherever the Secretary of the Interior may
be able to make contracts with the State govern-
ments; and that they are to be kept or confined
in those jails or prisons in accordance with the
terms of those contracts. I think that those pt is-
oners have been convicted under a law which
established certain penalties, and that they should
serve out their time in the penitentiary of thcJDis-
trict of Columbia. I suppose they have been con-
victed under the provisions oTa statute made and
provided for such cases, and that, on conviction,
judgment has been entered up that they shall serve
out their imprisonment in the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia. I ask my friend whether
he is quite certain, when a man has been convicted
and sentenced by the court to spend five years in
the Distuct of Columbia, you can take him out of
the District of Columbia and make a contract to
confine him in the penitentiary of Massachusetts,
or in the penitentiary of any other State, accord-
ingto such rules and legulations as they prescribe ?
Now, if these prisoners are transfeired to the
warden of the State prison of Massachusetts, after
they have been convicted and sentenced to serve
out their time in the penitentiary of the District
of Columbia, 1 would like to know whether you
do not release them from punishment? Could
they not, in other words, be taken from the State
prison of Massachusetts under a writ of habeas
corpus becauseof thattransfer,and berelieved from
further punishment? This is a question which
demands the serious consideration of the House.
Mr. TRAIN. This matter has been discussed j
at length in theCommitteeonPubhc Buildings and !
Grounds, and the committee have made every in- j
vesication of what exactly would be the result in !
reference to holding these prisoners if the arrange- 1
ment suggested in the pending bill were carried
out. It is tiie opinion of distinguished lawyers in
the Distuct of Columbia, as well as the opinion
of the distinguished lawyer now at the head of the j
War Department, that tins bill would not at all i
affret these prisoners and thoirconfinementunder |
the different sentences, us my colleague seems to j
fear that it would. 1
In regard to the transfer of these prisoners to
the State prison of Massachusetts, my colleague
on my left suggests, in reply, that that transfer
would be simply in mitigation of the sentence, and
that the convict could not claim under it.
Mr. DAWES. There was a case in point de-
cided in England, to which I will call the atten-
tion of the House. A man who was sentenced to
be hung, under the statutes of England, had his
sentence mitigated to transportation to Botany
Bay; and on the case being brought before the
court, he was released upon the ground that the
change was not in accordance with the law. It
was undertaken in Massachusetts to do this very
thing while they were rebuilding a jail; and they
broke down in the attempt, for the reason that those
sentenced to confinement in a particular county
cannot be released from confinement when taken
out of that county. But this is a much stronger
case. Under the law a man maybe convicted by
the court in the District of Columbia to serve out
a certain term of imprisonment in the District of
Columbia. Now, sir, by what authority can you
pass an act and make him serve out his time in
any other place than the District of Columbia? I
have no opposition to make to the passage of this
bill, but I do suggest to my colleague in the House
whether it will not have the effect to cause a gen-
eral jail delivery of the prisoners now confined in
the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, and
permit them to be relieved from all further pun-
ishment? The House ought to have information
upon the subject at all events.
Mr. TRAIN. In reply to the argument of my
colleague, I will say that I was not aware of the
case which he puts from my own State, but I do
know that the supreme court of Massachusetts
has held that, where a subsequent statute has mit-
igated a sentence, it does not affect the condition
of the prisoner; and I am informed by my friend
from Pennsylvania that this has been twice done
in that State in the city of Philadelphia, and that
it was held there not to affect the term of confine-
ment of the prisoner.
Now, in regard to this bill I venture to say that
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of
War, who have been pressing us to make this
arrangement, would notallowitto be done in such
a way as would discharge the convicts in the pen-
itentiary. In the judgment of the committee—
and they were unanimous upon the subject—the
War Department require this penitentiary. It is
absolutely necessary for thorn.
But to come back for a single moment to the
question put: suppose the penitentiary were blown
up by the explosion of the powder, shells, and
other inflammable substances near there, would
that relieve these convicts from serving out their
term? Must they not be confined somewhere?
Mr. DAWES. My answer is ready. The law
does not lequire that the convicts shall be con-
fined in any particular brick building in the Dis-
trict, but that they shall be confined in the peni-
tentiary, and that is the penitentiary of the District
which the District authorities make a peniten-
tiary.
Now in reference to the other question. It is
true that you could move around in a particular
district; it is true you could in Massachusetts con-
fine a man in the State prison whether it be in
Charlestown or in any other town. My difficulty
is in reference to transferring a man from the Dis-
tuct of Columbia penitentiary, whore the law says
he shall serve a given number of years, within
the District, and lemove him to a State, and m
broad terms, as specified in this bill, subject him
to just such sort of punishment and to just such
hard labor as the Secretary of the Interior may be
able to contract for with any warden of any State
prison of any State.
Mr. TRAIN. He is now obliged to do any
work which the warden of the prison chooses to
put him to.
Mr. DAWES. But here you propose to take
him out of the hands of the warden of the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, and put him
into the hands of anotherperson. If my colleague
is satisfied with the legality of that, I will not raise
any objection. j
Air. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to call the
attention of the House to some of the laws upon
this subject. Thegentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has,i think, raised a fatal objection j
to this bill. The convicts confined in the peni- !
tentiary of this District are of two classes: those
convicted of offenses committed within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and, secondly, those convicted
of offenses against the laws of the United States,
committed in the several States of this Union, the'
Territories, and upon the high seas. .Now, Jefcus
sec what the law says upon this subject. The
statute of 1825 provides that where persons are
convicted of an offense for which the punishment
is imprisonment in the penitentiary atjhard Labor,
either committed in the States, Territories, or on
the high seas, he may be confined in any of the
penitentiaries of the several States of this Union,
where the authorities are willing to receive him.
But when you come to the criminal code of the
District of Columbia, I desire to call the attention
of the House to the act of 1831, which reads as
follows:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
from and after the passage of this act every person who
shall bn convicted in any court in the District of Colum-
bia, of any of the following offenses, to wit: manslaughter,
assault and battery with intent to kill, arson, rape, assault
and batteiy with intent to commit rape, burglary, robbery,
horse stealing, mayhem, bigamy, perjury, or subornation
of perjury, larceny, if the property stolen is of the value
of five dollars or upwaids, iorgeiy, obtaining by false pre-
tenses any goods or chattels, money, bank note, promts-
sosy note, or any other instalment in writing for the pay-
ment or delivery of money or other valuable thing, or of
keeping a faro bank or other common gambling-table, petty
larceny upon a second conviction, committed after the pas-
sage of this act, shall be sentenced to suffer punishment by
impi it-onment and labor, for the time and times hereinafter
prescribed, m the penitentiary fortheDistrictofColumbia."
Now, it is proposed by a committee of this
House, by a bill recommended and indorsed by
that committee, that you shall make a general jail
delivery of every convict in the penitentiary here,
who has been confined in that penitentiary by a
court of competent jurisdiction. I admit that, so
far as those arc concerned who are convicted for
offenses committed on the high seas, or within the
several States and Territories of this Union, by
the laws upon the statute-book we may transfer
them to the penitentiaries of the States and Ter-
ritories where the authorities are willing to receive
them; but so far as the convicts of this District
are concerned, this bill works a general jail deliv-
ery; and upon a writof habeas coi'pus they would be
discharged from custody if taken elsewhere.
Mr. TRAIN. I will offeranamendment which,
I think, will relieve this bill of any difficulty.
MrrWICKLIFFE. I do notbelieve this pen-
itentiary building is adapted for the purposes of
an armory or an arsenal. It will cost as much to
fit it up as an arsenal as it would be to build a
building at the public expense specially adapted
for that purpose. And by the way of trying the
sense of the House upon that subject, I move to
strike outthe enacting clause, that the House may
have an opportunity to say whether they will have
any bill at all.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill, in line eleven, by inserting after
the word " discharge," the wordsprovided that
the same can be done without affecting the legal-
ity of the commitment or sentence."
I now ask the Clerk to read a letter from Gen-
eral Ripley, which I send to him.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Ordnance Office, Washington,
January 6, J862.
Sir: The commanding otlicer of the Washington arse-
nal has on several occasions represented the insufficiency
of the btoiage loom at that place. The absolute necessity
of keeping on hand large supplies of ammunition and other
materialsof war, requiring careful storage and shelter, calls
urgently for the adoption of somomea&uic to secure at least
the t  mpoiarv u?.e of additional buildings adjacent to the
arsenal. 13y far the mo t if not the only convenient and
suitable building for the purpose is that now u.sed as a pen-
itentiary, and situated within the limits of th'e arsenal
grounds. It is suggested that othei arrangements for tak-
ing care of the convicts may be made of a rempoiary or,
probably to greater advantage, ol a permanent character,
whereby the penitentiary may be made available for ar-
senal purposes.
in view of the present importance of the matter, I re-
spectfully call attention to this sug^tion, with the recom-
mendation that measuies be taken for an examination of
the subject in the proper quarter, and the adoption of such
measutet, either legislative or executive, as maybe con-
sidered best to attain eaily action in the ca&e.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES W. RIPLEY,
Brigadier General.
Hon. Simon Cameron', Secretary of War.
