THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
cers'is to fix the prices of these articles. Now,
•what objection can there be to a bill of this kind,
guarded with so much caro, first in regard to the
articles to be sold, and second, in regard to the
prices to be charged? So far as my own obser-
vation goes—and I have made diligent inquiries
into the subject—I am satisfied in my own mind
that, as this bill is framed, it does away with all
the objections that have been made so far against
the sutler system. As the Army advances some-
body is needed to supply the soldiers with a va-
riety of necessary articles. There is no reason
why it should not b'e within the power of the sol-
diers to procure at reasonable charges such articles
as are necessary for the'm. This is so particularly
with reference to the regimental sutlers. If you
dispense with that post, you put it out of the power
of the men in the regiment to procure what they
need, for you will find no peddler that will assume
the risk of accompanying a single regiment with
supplies for it. He might follow a brigade, but
still there would be uncertainty in the matter.
Under this bill, the Inspector General is to furnish
the list of articles which the sutler may sell, and
the officers of the brigade or regiment arc to fix
the prices. This will put it out of the power of
the sutler to practice extortion on the soldiers. 1
think that the provisinnsof the bill are good, that
the bill is well guarded, and that it ought to meet
with the favorable consideration of the House.
There is, however, one thing in the bill which
1 should like to see changed. There is, in the
second section, a clause providing that the board
of officers shall consist of the acting colonel, lieu-
tenant colonel, major, and two senior captains of
the regiment. With the approbation of'the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I will
move to strike out the woids " two senior."
The question was taken on the fourth amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to strike out the following words in the
fourth section: " each be authorized to sell to the
officers and soldiers of the regiment only for which
lie has been chosen," and to insert iri-lieu thereof,
as follows:
allowed a lien only upon the pjiy of the officers
non-commissioned officeis,inid privates of the regiment lor
which h« lias buen clio^cn, or those stationed ut the post to
which he lias been appointed, and for no greater Mini than
one rfixih ot the monthly pay of each ofliei'i-, nim-eomims-
sionodofficer m private fm articles >-oJd during eaeli month ;
and the amount of one sixth or less than one sixth of the
payof'biieh otftcer, non-commissioned otlie'ei 01 private, so
soiil to him hy the ->ntiei, hh.nl be chained on the pay-rolls
of -ueh officer, uou commissioned oiiieer 01 ptivate, and
deducted how hi-, pay, and paui over hy the pa.\ master to
the Mttlei of the leuuiient 01 military post, a^ the case may
be; Pro bided, howevei, That r-utlera shuil be allowed to -sell
only.
So that the section will read:
Skc. 4. Jhul be it further enacted) That the "sutlers chos-
en in the manner provided in the preceding section shall
be allowed a Hen, &c.: Provided, however, That sutlers
shall be allowed to «.-cll only the article* designated in the
list or-schedule ptovidod in this net, and none other*, and
at prices nor exceeding iho^e affixed to said articles, as
herein piovided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next taken on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thomas,] to insert the following proviso:
Jind provided further., That the sutler shall have no legal
claim on any officer, non-coniiui-^ioned offiooi. or puvate,
to an amount oxeoedwg one fourth of hi> pay, tor aitieles
sold during any mouth.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next taken on the fifth amend-
ment, reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs:
Section Hx^ttike outCi <Ii*mi<sed from the service,''' and
insert in lieu theieof," pimi-hed at the di&cietion of a com t-
martials-o that Hie -ruion will lead .
Sec. 6. Jhid bcit fur fhet cnactrd, That mo pei--'0n shall
be permuted to act <e> Millet uulo* .ipptuEited aeeoidmg to
the provision? ot the- act; noi f-hail any pei.-on be Mitiei
foi muiR than one i eg,meat, nor >ha!l rniv taiin out
or imdcilet tlfr imsnn-^of mutlmyr 01 ihe pin'lie^e-manted
to him by ln.-> appointment; noi j-Iialf any oriieei or the Army
reeeivt; ('torn any t-utiet an\ money 01 othei pte^'aiu, and
any officer tccoivrnq Midi*prercnis, dneetiy or imlirectij,
shall be punished at the discretion of a couit-marnul.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
At the end of the sixth section;, strike out the following
words: °
Proi idetl, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to give sutleraahen upon any part of thesoldiei's
pay-
* The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next taken on the amend-
ment proposed byMr. Johnson; and itwasagreed
to.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out " at his pleasure, or upon conviction thereof
by a court-martial, be dismissed from the service, and be in-
eligible to a reappointment, and shall forfeit all goods, chat-
tels, and effects found within the lines of the Army at the
time of such violation, one half to the use of the United
States, and the other half to the use of the person or per-
sons who shall furnish such evidence db shall lend to a con-
viction for any such violation," and insert in lieu thereof,
" with consent ofthe council ot administration be dismissed
from the service;5' so that the section will lead:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further entitled, That any sutler who
shall violate any of the provisions of this act shall, by the
colonel, with consent of the council of administration, be
dismissed from the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. * move to amend, in the sec-
ond section, by striking oat the words 4' two sen-
ior," so that the board of officers shall consist of
the acting colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, and
captains.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 8. Jind be \tfurther enacted, That any regiment of
volunteers m the ^service of the United States «hall have
the power and the privilege of di^pen^ing with the service
ot a sutlei, whenever a majoiity of said legunent may so
desire, by petitioning the commanding offie'er thereof.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would suggest that
that amendment would conflict with the fiist sec-
tion of the btll which appoints these sutlers as
bi igade officeis, and only allows regiments that are
detached to have sutlers of their own. Whore regi-
ments ate brigaded, no single regiment can have
the right of denying to the others the benefit of a
sutler. 1 f the gentleman will make his amendment
apply only to the case of detached regiments I will
have no objection to it.
Mr. ALDRLCII. As I understand it there is no
brigade sutler provided for by this bill. It seems
to me it is no more than tight to give to any regi-
ment the privilege, if a majority desire it, of dis-
pensing with the regimental sutler.
Mr. RICHARDISON. I am opposed to the
amendment under consideration and I wi!) very
briefly state the reasons of my opposition. If
adopted, it will bo an invitation to insubordination
in every regiment in the service. The first duty
of every soldier is to learn how to obey, and to per-
mit the soldiers of a regiment to dispense with one
of the regulations ofthe service by a majority vote
could not but have a most pernicious influence 011
the discipline of a Jrgiment.
Mr. ALDRICII. It is not proposed that an
election shall be held; it is merely proposed that
by petition to the commanding officer the major-
ity ofthe regiment may, if they desire, dispense
with their sutler. *
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is holding an elec-
tion to all intents and purposes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Mrssouri. If the gentleman
from Illinois will allow me for a moment, I desire
to make a suggestion upon the subject of this
amendment. Nobody, as the law now is, or as
it is proposed to make it by this bill, is compelled
to purchase ofthe sutler if he desires to dispense
with his sei vices. If any soldier wishes to relieve
himself of the services of the sutler, he can accom-
plish his purposo by abstaining from making any
purchasesof him. ' I do not propose to permitany
one regiment of the A rmy, by a majority vote, to
dispense with one uf the regulations of the service.
If we consider the sutler necessary to the military
service, let us have him, and have him as apart of
the service, and not leave any regiment to vote
him out by a majority ofthe soldiers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was coming to the
very point the gentleman ha* mentioned. I de-
sire, however, to say, in addition to the point made
by the gentleman from Missouri, that the perni-
cious effects of this amendment, if agreed to, will
be felt upon every regiment m the service.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the bill as amended by the
Committee on Military Afraus, with the addi-
tional amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr.Tiiomas,] utid adopted
by the House, it does seem to me secures every
possible right to the soldier that ought to be se-
i cured in this connection. It is true, as the gen-
tleman from Missouri says, Mint no officer or sol-
dier is compelled to buy one dollar's worth of
goods from the sutler, unless he sees lit to do so.
It is for the benefit of our soldiers in the field that
these sutlers were appointed, and not for the benefit
of those lying around Washington, from whom, I
fear, is derived a large portion of the information
upon which gentlemen who oppose the appoint-
ment of sutlers are acting.
I speak wtiat I kpow when I say that every
western regiment in the field find the sutler abso-
lutely indispensable to the comfort and conveni-
ence of the soldiers while they are prosecuting
this war. I am willing, if gentlemen desire it,
that you should dispense with the services ofthe
sutler for this army as long as k continues to lie
round Washington; but my word for it, as soon
as they penetrate into the interior of Virginia, as
1 hope they will in a few days, they will find an
absolute necessity for the presence and services
of these much-abused sutlers. 1 am no more in
favor of them as a class than anybody else; but
we must have them in some shape, and I want
them where the military authorities of the Gov-
ernment can control them. If we are to have
them at all in the Army I want them to be under
Army regulations. When you throw open your
camps to everybody who chooses to come there
to peddle to the soldiers, you will find the most
disastrous consequences following—that the offi-
cers will be utterly powerless to control. It seems
to me that not without grave consideration should
you throw aside a system which the result of long
military experience shows to be, with proper reg-
ulations, the best that has been devised to meet
the wants of the men in the military service of the
country.
Mr. ALDRICH. My intercourse with the
Army in the field has not been vety extensive,
but so far as it has gone, I am convinced that a
majority of the non-comrmssioned officers and
privates would be glad to see the abolition of sut-
lerships altogether. They have written to me that
it would be better for them if Congress were to
impose a tax upon them to the extent of ten per
cent, on their pay until the end of the war, and
abolish the office of sutler, than it would to con-
tinue the sutler and levy no tax at all. I think
the amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. EDWARDS. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota is plausible on the face
of it, and at the first view would seem to be en-
titled to favor. It recognizes the right of each
regiment to decide the matter fm themsi Ives.
But, sir, where is the necessity for it? The gen-
tleman proposes that if a majority of the regiment
petition for it, if one more than half petition for
it, the sutler shall thereupon, under this law, be
dismissed. Where tken are the rights and priv-
ileges ofthe other forty-nine out ofthe one hun-
dred who desire to have a sutler, and do not there-
fore choose to join in the petition ? It is carrying
this matter of the elective franchise, tins will of
the people, into an arena where it cannot be safely
exercised.
Mr. ALDRICH. It is democratic.
Mr. EDWARDS. It is democratic, I will ad-
mit, and democratic principles are all riulit in their
place. But theie is another course which these
fifty-one can pursue which will answer then pur-
pose just as well and save the rights and privileges
of the forty-nine; that is, by having no bargains
with the sutler,by purchasingno goods?from lurn.
There is no inconvenience to them in it, and, there-
fore, it would be wrong upon any ground to per-
mit the fifty-one to deprive the forty-nine of their
privileges. Let them reject the scrvlcts of the
sutler by keeping away from him, and allow
those who wish his services to avail themselves
of them.
Mr. ALDRICH. With the consent of the
House, I will modify my amendment so as to
make it require the consent of two thirds of the
regiment, in the shape of a petition tn the com-
manding officer, to displace the suth r.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Blake to substitute for the whole bill the fol-
lowing:
That the office of sutler in the volunteri ^ \\iee of the
Aim> of the United State* be. and the .-'une 1- in u l<\. ali.d-
ished : Provided, T(mt tfii^'aet Mi.tli take elhxl and be ill
foicc fiojn and after the 1st day of May ixxt.
Mr. BLAKE called for the yea."-! and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tile substitute was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered- to a third
