2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
The foregoing was indorsed as follows:
War Department, January/ 6, 1862.
Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary o! the
Interior. Could not the prisoners be transferred for the
present to the Maryland penitentiary at Baltimore ?
SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We have now some
buildings used by ihe Ordnance Bureau, at the ex- :
treme point of land formed by the junction of the
Eastern Branch and the Potomac. Some few years
ago we purchased, if I mistake not, some seven or
eight acres of land adjoining the arsenal buildings
there, extending up to the penitentiary and east
of it, and according to my recollection, up to last
August, when 1 was there, no additional improve-
ments had been put upon that ground for the ben-
efit of that arsenal. Now, I submit, when we have
purchased an outside tract of land adjoining the
arsenal, whether it would not be better to erect
additional buildings upon ground which we al-
ready own, instead of buying this penitentiary and
turning that into the yses of the arsenal. Until
you change the penal code of this District, a peni-
tentiary must be maintained within the District,
because the criminal court of this District can
sentence convicts to no other place but the peni-
tentiary of the District. The only effect of the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Train] with a view of obviating
the objection taken by his colleague [Mr. Dawes]
and myself, will be to keep this property as a
penitentiaryuntilthccriminal code of the Distiict
can be changed. H may provide a place of con-
finement for convicts hereafter to bo sentenced,
but how will it be with those who have been sen-
tenced for twenty or thirty years or for life ? There
are, perhaps, some such, and you must therefore
still maintain a penitentiary building in this city
and retain all your officers. Persons hereafter con-
victed by the United States courts held in the sev-
eral States and Territories of the Union may be
confined in the penitentiaries of the several local-
ities, but those convicts who arc now hereanust
be kept here until either they are pardoned or their
term of service expires. I think, therefore, that
it would be unwise to puss this bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. It seems to me that this
is a very important bill, and that there are ques-
tions raised that ought to be considered. I there-
fore move that it bo recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, with leave
to that commitiee to report it at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK IlAILROADS.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, bill of the House (No. 426)
to facilitate the transportation of troops and mails
from Washington city to New York.
The bill was read. The first section declares the
several direct lines of railroad leading from New
York to Washington, and passing through the
cities of Philadelphia and Baltimore, together with
their connections in said cities, and such branches
or change of location as may be necessary to com-
plete said connections, to be military and postal
roads in the service of the United States.
The second section provides that for the pur-
pose of obtaining and securing the more safe,
speedy, and economical transportation of troops,
munitions of war, and the mails of the United
States over said roads, the several railroad com-
panies owning the same are authorized under the
supervision and direction of the Secretary of War,
and under such regulations and restrictions as he
may prescribe, to enjoy and exercise all the rights
and powers to make and construct such branches
and changes of location as may be necessary to
improve and complete their connections in said
cities of Philadelphia and Baltimore, and for the
establishment of feirics, the construction of
bridges, and the use of steam power on some,
any, or all portions of said roads and their con-
nections; provided that full compensation shall
be made to any person or corporation for any
damage caused by the taking of property forany
of the purposes aforesaid, which compensation
shall be made by the company taking such prop-
erty according to the laws of the State in which
such property may be located.
The third section provides that on the roads or
branches of roads herein piovided for in the cities
of Baltimore and Philadelphia, locomotives shall
not be run at a rate of speed exceeding eight miles
per hour, and that every precaution shall be used
against injury to person and property.
"Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, this bill ex-
plains its object; and I suppose it is unnecessary,
in order that the House shall arrive at a full un-
derstanding of its purpose, that I should say any-
thing in relation to it. It is, as it purports to be,
a bill to facilitate the transportation of the mails
and all military materials between the cities of
Washington and New York. It springs from the
complaint made by the Government during this
war of the difficulty it met with in the transporta-
tion of materials of war from New York to the
city of Washington, at a time when the rapid
transportation of materials of that sort was very
much needed. The committee came to the con-
clusion that the power on the part of the various
railroad companies on the route between this city
and the city of New York to construct their roads
through the cities of Baltimore and Philadelphia,
so as to run locomotives on the roads so con-
structed in those cities, would be conferred by
this bill beyond all doubt, and that the transpor-
tation of mails, materials of war, and passengers
would be greatly facilitated by the passage of this
bill.
I believe there is very little opposition, if any,
to the bill; and if no gentleman wishes to propose
amendments, I will call the previous question. I
will not do so, however, if anygentleman wishes
to make remarks upon the bill, or to propose
amendments.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I do not wish to oppose
the bill, nor do I wish to speak to it; but I desire
to offer one or two verbal amendments. I move
to insert in the sixth lineof the first scction, after
the word " branches," the word "extensions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to amend the sec-
ond scction by striking out in the sixth and sev-
enth lines the words, " and under such regulations
and restrictions as he may prescribe." The bill
authorizes these improvements to be made under
the supervision and direction of the Secretary of
War, and I do not see any necessity for the words
which I propose to strike out.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 do not know that there is
much objection to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Maryland. 1 do not see that
it will change the meaning of the bill at all. if
these changes arc to be made under the direction
and supervision of the Secretary of War, I do not
see how that supervision and direction can be ex-
ercised except by regulations to be made by the
Secretary of War. I ilo not regard the expression
as tautology, as the gentleman from Maryland
suggests. I think it is only an indication of the
mode intended by the framers of the bill in which
this supervision shall be exercised by the Secre-
tary of War, that it shall be done by regulations.
I hope theamendment will not prevail, because it
proposes to strike outwhat is perhaps important
to the bill in the way of explanation of the power
conferred on the Secretary of War by it.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I am a member of the
committee which has reported this bill, I desire
to say that while I myself held when the bill was
referred to us, and still hold, that Congress has
not the authority to confer these powers upon
these companies, I did not interpose any objection
to the reporting of the bill. If it meets with op-
position m the House, I shall vote against it, but
if other gentlemen do not think proper to make
objections to it, I shall not.
Mr. Crisfield's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I think the
attention of the House should be called to some
of the principal features of this hill. To my mind
it is one of the mostremarkabie bills that has pvpi*
been presented to this House. It authorizes these
railroad companies to construct their roads as
they may choose, through the cities of Washing-
ton , Baltimore, and Philadelphia, and to bridge
the navigably waters between this city and New
York, at any points they may choose, without
constructing draws, and so as not merely to in-
terfere with, but utterly to destroy the navigation.
Mr. MALLORY. J would say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that no such power is
conferred upon thesecompanies by this bill. They
are simply authorized to cross streams by ferries.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not so read the billjand
even if that were the case, 1 think the fact that they
are authorized to run as they may choose through
these cities would make them entirely destructive
to the great interests of these cities.
Mr. MALLORY. I would say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the bill does provide
for the construction of bridges, but I think it is
well settled by the decision made in the Wheeling
bridge case, that where a post road is authorized
to cross a navigable stream, draws have to be so
constructed as that the bridge will not interfere
with the navigation of the river. The power con-
ferred by the bill upon these companies would not,
in my estimation, authorize the companies in any
instance to build a bridge that would obstruct the
navigation of any navigable stream; but in order
to meet the objection of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I would be willing to insert a proviso
that where the roads authorized to be constructed
by this bill do cross navigable streams the compa-
nies shall be required to construct draws so that
the bridges shall not interfere with the navigation
of those streams. I will offer that proviso as an
amendment now, if the gentleman will allow me.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield for that purpose?
Mr. HICKMAN. Not at present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will please reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker •
Mr. CRISFIELD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CRISFIELD. While my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] is preparing the amend-
ment he intends to propose, I desire to have one
or two other verbal alterations made in the bill—
not changing any of its powers or any of its ob-
jects, My purpose is simply to perfect the bill,
not to embarrass it. I move to insert, after the
word "construct," in the second section, the
words " or lease;" so that it will read:
The several railroad companies ownins? the same are
heiehy autlionzcd, under the supervision and direction of
the Secretary of War, and under such regulations and re-
strictions as lie may prescribe, to enjoy and exercise all the
rights and powers to make; and construct or lease such
branches and changes of location as may be necessary.
Mr. HICKMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Maryland to desire a vote upon his
amendment now ? I prefer not having a vote taken
upon it at this time.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be re-
garded as pending.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I also desire to bring one
other amendment to the attention of the House.
It is to insert after the word " branches," in the
ninth line, the word " extensions;" so as to make
it read:
To'inake and construct or lease sucli branches, exten-
sions, and changcs of location.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
amendment will be icgarded as pending.
There was no objection.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker It will be
seen that the great object of the bill is to make a
pcrfect connection between the cities of Wash-
ington and New York, to shorten the time, and
to give increased facilities to travel. The com-
mittee, when it prepared this bill, had undoubt-
edly these great objects in view; they could have
had none other,and consequently you find in the
eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth lines of the sec-
ond section, this remarkable language:
To mipiovc and complete their connections in said cities
of Philadelphia and IJaltimote. and for the establishment of
ferries, the conjunction of bridges, and the use of steam
power on sonic, any, or all portions of said loads and their
connections.
; It is therefore, I should say, undeniable from
I the plain reading of the bill, that these companies
! could connect their lines by bridges,as well as by
! ferries on any and all parts of these different lines,
thus bndgmgthe Susquehanna at any point they
j may chose; thus bridging the Delaware at any
!! point they may chose; and also bridging the Hud-
son at New York.
Mr. CRISFIELD. The company have already
the privilege of bi idling the Susquehanna.
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir, they have the
privilege of bridging it at a particular point, if I
recollect aright; but not at any point where the
I combined companies may choose to select. But
j it is enough for me to know that there is no one
' or more companies that have yet received achar-
, tered right to bridge the Delaware at any point
:1 they might select, or to bridge the waters at New
