3070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
willing to give these gentlemen this rank if it is
thought best. This $718 is a small sum in itself,
but multiplied by nine it is a considerably larger
sum. Then, when you have put admirals at$5,718,
very soon will come your commodores and cap-
tains, and they will complain that the relative pro-
portion is not preserved; and then you will he
called upon to increase the pay of the lower offi-
cers, so as to correspond with the pay of the cap-
tains and commodores; and Chen when you have
done that, the admirals' wives will be on hand,
saying that they must be raised, that it is unfair
to raise the lower officers without raising the
higher ones. I think $5,000 is a liberal salary,
and I Itnow some of the highest and best officeis
in the Navy do not ask for this increase of pay;
they do not want it.
The Senator says that this is a way to kill the
bill. I will only say that such is not my inten-
tion. 1 am willing^to meet with the committee
early and late, and perform the duty that the Sen-
ate devolves upon us. It was simply and solely
because we have been unable thus far to agree in
committee on a pay bill, that it was not reported
with this bill; we tried hard to do it, but we could
not do it, and then the Senator from Iowa, in the
exercise of his light and duty, unquestionably,
prepared a pay bill which he has off','red as an
amendment to this bill. I thought that it was de-
ficient; that it was vicious; and the Senate, by a
vote, have agreed with me that §5,718 is too much.
Now, all 1 want is to make the other grades cor-
respond with that.
Mr. IIARLAiY. Ts it in order nov^to move an
amendment ?
The PHESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Kino.)
No, sir. A motion to commit takes piecrdenoe
of a motion to amend; there is a motion to amend
pending also,
Mr. POSTER. It is claimed that the vole we
passed in respect to the molion of the Senator
from New Hampshire is indicative of the sense
of the Senate that we are opposed to any increase
of pay lo any officers in the naval service. Now
I confess tlmt I think that is an unwarrantable in-
ference from any vote which has boon passed here.
In tlio first place, the Senate was very thin; very
few persons voted either way, and 1 think it would
tie altogether unwarrantable to assume from that
vote that we arc opposed to any increase of pay to
fliiyofliccrsafany rank. I, for one, must say tlmt (
am ready to vote for an increase of pay, as much
as is recommended by the honorable Senator
from Iowa, and I am prepared to vote for itnow,
notwithstanding what- the honorable Senator from
Ohio says in respect to the present condition of
the country, and the grave objections which he
says exist to increasing the pay of officers in the
service at the present time. It seems to me, not-
withstanding till that lie has said, that now is the
time to increase the pay, the very time. The rea-
son urged by the ,Senator from Ohio is a reason
not tlmt wc should not increase it, but that we
should. One of the reasons suggested by him
was that officers were now obtaining a considcra-
bleamountof priso money. That was answered by
the honorable Senator from Iowa, that nonesuch
had been received as yet, but if there be an amount
received, it gives the national .Treasury also an
increase, and enables us to pay the men who
have thus procured money from the enemies of
the country for the Ireasury of the country ;und
shall wc say to these men, because they are thus
enabled to procure money from the public ene-
mies, that we will be stingy 111 meting out to
them their monthly or yearly pay, and" that wc
will make their own gallantry, their own devo-
tion to duly, a reason for not increasing their pay,
and even perhaps for diminishing it? (t would go
really to this if we carried out the principle Unit
wo cull on our officers to earn their own liviii";
and if they succeed in earning it by capturing the
propelty of the enemies of the country, we\vill
diminish their pay m proportion to the amount of
service lendered and the success of that sei vice.
I think this is wrong in principle and wrong ni
policy, and unjust in e\ery way.
Another notion in respect to the bill is that if
may be well enough to increase the rank and cre-
ate the office of admiral, but that we should make
no addition to the pay. It seems to me that that
is but half justice, and justice in such a way as to
work injustice to the service and impose a burden
on officers which they will not have to bear if we
leave them as they are. Comptu ison is made be-
tween our officers and officers in the English ser-
vice. It should be lemembered that officers in the
English service having-command ofa fleet, whether
they arc commodores or admirals, always have an
allowance made to them for what is called table
money, which is unknown in our service, and the
foundation of the increase of expense to an officer
commandinga fleet is his expense m foreign ports
in entertaining lus brother officers and entertain-
ing public functionality on boaid his ship while
in port. This, I say, is what creates the heavy
expense of the commander of a fleet, and for that
a laige allowance is made in the English service.
The necessity fur an increase of rank in oni# ser-
vice by creating admirals is because,according to
the etiquette of the service abroad, our post cap-
tains, which is the Highest rank known to our ser-
vice, are not recognized by English admirals or the
officers of oilier countries where they have admir-
als, as of the highest rank, but however long they
may have been in the service, they are considered
juniors to those officers in foreign sei vices, who
may be youngei men, having less experience and
less fame as naval men. Now, sir, to create the
grade and at the same time make no increase of
pay, is imposing upon the officer a burden without
really any coiresponding benefit. If we are not
prepared to do justice, it is better to let the whole
matter pass. If we are prepared to do it, let us do
it fully; not do it by halves.
Mr. CHANDLER. May I inquire if it be in
order to move an amendment at this time to the
motion to lcfci5 { desire, if it bo in order, to
move that the committee be instructed to report a
bill allowing the same pay that is allowed on an
average in the services of England, Prance, and
Russia.
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaii
thinks a motion to instruct will be in order to go
Willi the motion to recommit; but the Senator from
Michigan will permit the Chair to state that the
Senator ftom Maryland submitted au amendment
to the original bill which the Chair will have read
for the humiliation of the Senate, and then the
motion to commit takes pieccdcnco of it. The
Chair will have the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland read, that the Senate may know what
it is.
The Secretary read the amendmentof Mr. Ken-
nedy, as follows:
Jlttil he il fin ther enactci. That the guide 01" fleet suifteon
lie liKUieperiniiniintui the Navv, .iml shall consist of twenty
senior siuycoiw nn ttie aetivu ii^t.who shall be commis-
Monetl liy ami wuli the advice and consent of the Senate
as fleet Minjemis, and they shall have tile rank of captain,
and dwii(ii;;e lln: itutic'H huhfito peitonncil liys-uigeoim of
tile fleet, and Mieli othoi sei vice as may he aligned I>y tile
Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is offered
as an additional section, but the motion of the
Senator from Ohio to commit the bill takes pre-
cedence, and a motion of instructions to go with
that commitment is in order, in the impression of
the present occupant of the chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to instruct the
committcc to report a proposition that m no case
shall the same rank bo paid a higher compensa-
tion than in paid in the English service,
Mr. HALE. I hope my friend from Michigan
will not insist on that; if he docs, I hope the Sun-
ate will vote it down. I should be very sorry to
see our naval officers reduced so low as that would
reduce them. The pay of a lieutenant in the
British service is <£200 15S., less than a thousand
dollars a year; less than half what we pay oms.
Perhaps it may not be known to the Senate gen-
erally, bat it is a fact, that the officers of our Navy
get higher pay than the officers of any navy in
the world. I urn not in favor of reducing it much,
but I want to say a word to the Senator from
Connecticut, who has stated that all the officers in
the Butish service have table money. That is a
very great mistake.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not say they all had.
Mr. HALE. When in command of fleets, and
there are very few of thorn, the admirals have
table money. I will read the direction: " Under
the head of admnal of the fleet, admiral, vice
admiral, rear admiral, and commodore of the
first class, table money to these"—that is, from
admirals down to commodores of the first class
—"in addition, when commanding m chief, and
while their flag is flying within the limits of their
station." That is the only time when they are
allowed table money. Captains of the fleet arc
not allowed it, or, at least, are not so reported in
the Register. But very few of their officers get
this table money. It will not do to make this
analogous to the British service, because in the
Biitish servicea man whom we have put down be-
low our lieutenants is an officer above a lieutenant.
In their service the master is above a lieutenant.
Their captains aie divided into classes, and wo
pay our captains higher than they do many of
their classes.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has the British
Naval Register before him, and is able to answer
the question which I shall put. He has insisted
on having these officers named full admirals, in-
stead of rear admirals as 1 proposed. Will he be
kind enough to state to the Senate what is the pay
of a full admiral in the British service?
Mr. HALE. Eighteen hundred and twenty-
five pounds.
Mi. GRIMES. That is about ton thousand
dollars, besides table money.
Mr. HALE. Not quite nine thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you want to give them
that?
Mr. GRIMES. No,but the Senatorfrom New
Hampshire has stated that the pay in the British
service is less than ours, and yet in this very grade
that we are talking about the British officer gets
nearly seventeen thousand dollars, table money
and all, as I understand.
Mr. HALE. Captains of the first class in the
British service only get <£701, a little over three
thousand dollars. We pay our captains on shore
or othor duty more than the first-class captains of
tiie British navy are paid in service. Captains of
second class, when employed, rcceive <£574, and
the third class of captains receive <£450, so that
we pay to our captains on shoie duty more than is
paid to first-class captains of the Biuish navy at
sea. I do not think, then, it can be said with any
justice or propriety that we pay niggardly or small
stuns. The country will not be subject to any le-
proach such as has been attempted to be thrown
on it for refusing to raise these salaries at this
time.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator ought to remem-
ber, as he is chairman of the Naval Committee, that
a captain in the naval service of Great Britain does
not correspond with a captain tn our service under
this bill, and hence there is no analogy between
the pay of the two grades.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan desire to-have his amendment
acted on? If so, ho will submit it in writing.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I withdraw it,
acting on the suggestion of the chairman of the
Naval Committcc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the bill, with the amendments, be recommitted to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with instructions
to report an amendment regulating the pay of offi-
ceis of the Navy.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate a minute, but I desire to say
that I concur entirely with the views that have
been expressed by the Senator from Connecticut.
I behove that this bill is right; 1 believe the pub-
lic interest will be promoted by its passage. I
fear very much, if it is recommitted, that the bill
will be lost. I agree, too, that the vote tlmt has
been passed is no indication of the sense of the
Senate. It is my conviction that not half a dozen
Senators voted upon that question. I do not be-
lieve theie were half a dozen who know the ques-
tion was being put at the tune, and I should be
glad tn .some way to have an expression of the
sense of the Senate on the proposition of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I should be very glad, indeed, to
have it, and it ^hc Senator will withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment, I will move to reconsider that,
and call for the yeas and nays, because I do not
want to have it said that the Senate voted not
knowing what they were doing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withd raw the motion to
recommit for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. That being withdrawn, I move
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate agreed
to amend the amendment of the Senator fromlowa
by reducing the pay of admirals to $5,000; and
on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
