2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Now this bill, as it is drawn, professedly au-
thorizes the construction of bridges which shall
not substantially obstruct navigation. JNfot ob-
struct navigation, you say. Who is to be the
judge of that ? Who is to determine whether the
mode proposed is a substantial obstruction to
navigation ? Permit me to say that 1 have spent
some little time in a professional way in examin-
ing the question of the effect of bridging naviga-
ble livers, and I assert that the instance cannot be
found where a bridge has been constructed across
a navigable stream m the whole history of the com-
mercial world that it has not been "<x subtantial ob-
struction to navigation, and there never can be,
unless the bridge is built so high that steamboats
and sailing vessels can pass under it. I repeat
that the whole history of the commercial world
cannot show an instance where a bridge has been
built over a navigable stream that has not been a
substantial obstruction to navigation. The judi-
cial records of the country arc full of testimony
upon this subject. Wherever these bridges have
been built, the commercial intercourse above has
virtually ceased. It cannot go into competition
with the more favored regions below.
I hope the House will have the good sense to
pjfcuse before it adopts inconsiderately a measure
of thisdescription—a measure which, in myjudg-
ment, ts fraught with the most serious conse-
quences to thecommercial interestsofthecountry,
and which would furnish a precedent mischievous
almost beyond calculation.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me for a single moment.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 cannot give way again.
If I do, I may be cut off from renewing the mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
I wish to call the attention of the House for a
moment to the power which wc confer by this bill
on these railroad companies. I locate a road, such
as X have no doubt can be located by virtue of this
measure. I start at the western limits of the city
of Washington, and I locate a road through Penn-
syvania avenue upon which steam power can be
used. I run through Baltimore street in the city
of Baltimore,and thence to the Susquehanna liver,
crossing it with a bridge below the point at which
the river is navigable. Thence to the city of Phil-
adelphia, over the Schuylkill river, near its junc-
tion with-the Delaware river, or to Philadelphia
through Chestnut street and across the Delaware
river, if 1 choose that line, at the foot of Chestnut
street, or below the navy-yard, or to New York
across the river there, and up Broadway to the
northern limits of the city of New York. Accord-
ing to the idea of the gentleman from Kentucky
we can do all this so as not materially to interfere
with the navigation of those streams. Now, sir,
I say that it is impossible to construct a bridge or
bridges over those streams so as not materially to
interfere with navigation,if they are so constructed
as to allow steam trains to pass over them, and
to give facilities for travel such as the gentleman
from Kentucky contemplates, and such as are
asked for under this bill. The very idea of such
a tiling is sufficient to shock the common sense of
every member on this floor. The provisions of
this bill, if carried out, would, it is evident, de-
stroy the internal navigation of this country; and
I move, therefore, that the whole subject be laid
upon the table.
Mr. NOELL. I hope that I will be permitted
to say a few words on this bill, before tne vote is
taken on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I cannot give way again,
because if 1 do 1 will lose the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. NOELL. I would Jike to know whether
the War Department of this Government has de-
manded the passage of this measure as a war
measure?
Several Mbmburs. It has not.
Mr, HICKMAN. I decline to withdraw my
motion to lay upon the fable.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Phe yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided :
in the affirmative—-yeas 76, nays 43; as follows: J
•o "'V1'*"'"' A'Kv', Ancona, Babbitt. Joseph :
Baily, Biddlc, t lanei.s p. BKin, Jacob B. Biair. Haniuel S :
Blair, (ieoige II. Biowne, William ii. Biown, Buinbam
Ca-ey, Clements, Cobb, Uo-.eoe Conklwc, Davi>. Dawee'
Diven, [)u--!l. Eliot, Fussendeii, Fisher, "Gooch, Grander'
Guriev, Hail, Hickman, iloUnau, Horton, Hutchms, John-
son, Kelley, William Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnight, McPhetson, May, Anson P.
Morrill, Justm Morrill, Noell, Odell, Olin, Perry, John
S. Phelps,TiinothvG. Phelps,Pike, Potter, Price, John H.
Bice, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Strat-
ton, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Verree, Vibbaid, Wall,
Wallace, Ward, Webster, Wicklift'e, Wilson, Windom,
Woodruff, and Worcester—7G.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Aphley, Baker, Bing-
ham, Blake, Calvert, Chambeilin,Claik, Colfax, Frcdeiiek
A. CoukUng, Cox, Ciisfieiri^CuUef, Delano, DunUp, Dunn,
Edgerton. F> ank, Gridei, Haight, Hai thon. Landing, Leary,
Lehman, Mallory, Mayn.n d, Menzies, Mitchell. Moot head,
Nugen, I'oiter, Alexander H. Rice, Riddle. Segar, Shelia-
barger. Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram, Wadsvvorth, Charles
W. Walton. 13. P. Walton, Wheeler, and Albert S. White
—43.
So the bill was laid upon the tabic.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote t>y
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. JNo. 269) to es-
tablish a Department of Agriculture, and an act
(H. R. No. 208) to regulate the time of holding the
courts of the United States for the District of Ken-
tucky, and for other purposes; when the Speaker
signed the same.
CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. i submit the following report from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses on the bill providing for
the construction of the Washington and George-
town passenger railway.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Homes on the bill (S. No. 178) " to incorporate
the Washington and Georgetown Railway Company," do
repoit as follows.:
That the Senate concur in the first section of the amend-
ment of the House,with the following amendments, namely:
1. Strike out from the words "Hoiace M. Dewey," in
the thud line,down to the words "Edward A.Abbott." in
the seventh lino, both inclusive, and m.cit the woids "Eliab
Kingman, Fi ank I in Tenne\, J. J. Coomb--, tfavlcs J. Bowen,
Chailes H. Upton, Henry Add-on, llallctt Ivilbourn."
2. Strike out from the word "northern," in the twenty-
third line, down to and including the word "company" in
the thn tieth hue, and insert the woids u southern boundary
of the Capitol grounds; and along their southern houudaiy
easterly to Pennsylvania avenue; along satd Pennsylvania
avenue: to Eighth sueet east, oi Garrison street; and along
said stieet south to the navy yaid gate, with a lateiaj load
running along the eastern front of tiie Capitol fiom the
southern to the northern gate, and thence by A street to the
depot of the Baltimore and Ohio tail road; and thence from
said depot thiough First street west to Pennsylvania avenue,
so as to inret - «-t with said main road."
3. Between the word kk tiack"and the word " railway,"
in the thirty-first line, insert the woid " bianch."
4. Strike out the words " Rhode l«land avenue," in the
thirty-fourth line, and insert the woids " Boundaiy stieet."
f>. After the w«>id " west." in the thirty-fifth line, inseit
the woids, "and NewYoik avenue "
G. Stnke out the woids "or to the Potomac," in the
thirty-fifth and thirty-MXih lines, and insert in heu theieof
the woids, " to a point o! midsection with said fiist men-
tioned railway "
7. Stiike out the word " roads," in the thirty-ninth line,
and insoit m h<-vi thereof the woids." mam railway, or
between the termini of either of «aid bianch railways, or
between either tenmniis of said mam railway and the ter-
minus of either of said branch railways."
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
several amendments.
That the Senate coneur in the second section of the
amendment oi the House of Representatives.
That the third section of the amendment of the IJouse
of Representatives be stricken out.
That the Senate concur in the fourth section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives, with the fol-
lowing amendments, namely:
1. Stnke outthe woids " the gaugeofthe tracks" in the
seventh line.
2 Strike out the word "them" in the eighth line, and
inseit the woids "the two tiacks" in lieu thereof. And
that the House of Repiesentatives agiee to the said amend-
ments.
That the Senate coneur in the fifth section of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives with the following
amendments, namely:
1. Strike outthe woids k' track and the pavements With-
in,5' in the second and third lines, and insert the woid
•' tiacks" in lieu theieof
2. Stnke out the won! " always" m the fourth line, and
insert the words kk thereof and also the space between the
tracks at ail times well paved, and" in heu thereof.
And mat the House ot Representatives agiee to the said
amendments.
That the "-ixtii section of the amendment of the House of
Representative5* be stiieken out.
That the Senate concur in the seventh section of the
amendment oi' the Hou*e of Representatives with the fol-
lowing amendments, namely:
1. Stuke out the word? " likewise of" in the sixth line,
and insert the words " from so altering or improving" m
lieu thereof.
2. Strike out the words " the level of" in the ninth line,
and insert the word " their" m lieu thereof.
3. After the word* "grade" in the ninth line, add the
words " and pavements."
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
amendments.
That the Senate concur in the eighth section of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
That the Senate concur in the ninth section of the amend-
ment of I he House of Representatives.
That the Senate concur in the tenth section of the amend
m«nt of the Hou>e of Representatives, with the following
amendments, namely:
1. After the word "lie," in the second line, insert the
words " not less than."
2. After the word " three," in the second line, insert the
words " nor more than five."
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
amendments.
That the Senate concur in the eleventh section of the
amendments of the House of Representatives with the fol-
lowing amendments, namely:
1. Strike out the word "railroad," in the second line,
and inseit the woid " railways" in lieu thereof.
2. After the word "minutes," in the fifth line, insert the
words " except as to Seventh and Fourteenth streets, and
on these once in fifteen minutes each way."
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
amendments.
That the Senate concur in the twelfth section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives with the fol-
lowing amendment, namely :
Stnke out all of said section after the word " mention-
ed," in the eleventh line.
And that the House oi Representatives agree to the said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the thirteenth section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
That the Senate concur in the fourteenth section of the
amendment of the House of Repiesentatives, with the fol-
lowing amendment, namely:
Strike out all ot said section after the word "enacted,"
in the first line, and insert as follows : "That said corpo-
ration shall, on demand of Uie Pjesident of the United
States, Secretaiy of War, or Secretary of the Navy, cause
to be tiansported over said laiiway any freight ears laden
with fieights for the use of the Government of the United
States; the olheeis causing such service to be dono shall
pay a reasonable compensation therefor."
And that the House of Representatives agree to said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the Sfteenffr section of the
amendment of the Hou e of Representatives, with tlie fol-
lowing amendment, namely:
Stnke out all of said section after the word " enacted,"
in the first line, and insert as- follows : " That within five
days after the passage of this act, the corp# ators named in
the first section, or a majority of theni, or if any refuse or
neglect to act, then a majority of the remainder, shall cause
bonk6: of subscription to the capital stock of said company
to be opened and kept open in some convenient and acces-
sible place m the city of Washington, from nine o'clock in
the toienoon till five o'clock in the afternoon, for a period
to be fixed by said corporator, not less than two days, and
said corporators shall give public notice, by advertisement
in the daily papers published in the city of Washington, of
the tune when and the place where said hooks shall be
opened, andsubseribers upon said books to the capital stock
ot the company shall be held to he stockholder: Prowled,
That every subscriber shall pay, at the time ot subscribing,
twenty-five per cent, of the amount by him subscribed,
to the tieasuier appointed bv the corporator*, or his sub-
scuption shall be null and void. If, at the end of two days,
a Lsrgci amount than the capital stocR of said company
shall have been subseuhert, the books shall be closed, and
the said corpoiators, named m the first section, shall forth-
with proceed to apportion said capital stock among the sub-
scribers pro rata, and make public proclamation oi' the
number of shares allotted to each, which slxall be done and
completed on the same day that the books are closed: 2¥o-
vided further, That nothing shali be received in payment ot
the twenty-five per cent, at the time of subscribing except
money, or checks, or certificates of deposit indorsed {good,'
by the president or cashier of some good solvent bank or
bank?. And when the books of subsciiption to the cap-
ital stock of said company shall be closed, the corporators
named in the fiist section, ©r a majority of them, and in
ease any of them lefuse or neglect to act, then a majority
of the remamdei, shall, within twenty days theicafter, call
the first meeting of the stockholders of said company to
meet within ten days thereafter, for the choice of directors,
of which public notice shall be given for five days in two
public newspapers published daily in the city of Washing-
ton, or by written personal notice to eoeh stockholder by
the clerk of the coiporation; and in nil meetings of the
stockholders each slime shall entitle the holder to one vote,
to be given m peison or by proxy."
And' that the House of Representatives agree to said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the sixteenth section of the
amendment of the House with the following amendments,
namely:
1. Stnke out the woids, " who shall be chosen fiom and
by the corporators heietn provided," in the fourth and fifth
lines, and insert in heu theieof the word-, "seven in num-
ber."
2. After the word "office," in the sixth line, insert the
woids, l- for one year and."
3. Stnke out in the eighth line, the word " nine." and
insert in heu theieof the words majority."
And that the House of Representatives agree to said
amendments.
That tiie Senate concur m the seventeenth section ol'tlie
amendment of the House, with the following amendment,
namely:
After the words " United States," in the sixth line, add
