128
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
I have not had time to do so; but I understand
from the beginning of it that the Senator from
Kansas desires a recommitment of this subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary. It appears to
me that that is.the first question we should pass
upon, as the matter js now up, because if we are
to discuss it, we can discuss it after we have the
full report of the committee regularly before us,
and not discuss the question now when he con-
siders but a part of the subject has been presented.
I desire, therefore, if there be anything in this re-
guest of the Senator, if it is ever to be had at all,
it should be had now, that the committee may
investigate what he now presents as new matter
on the question of law; and if they attach any im-
portance or find anything material in it, they will
embody it in their report, that it may be regularly
before us, and we can discuss the whole matter
at one time, and not part at one time and part at
another. I therefore move, or would do so if per-
mitted, that this subject be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I do it merely for
the purpose of trying the sense of the Senate on
that point now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, in sup-
port of that motion, I desire to have read to the
Senate the memorial that has been referred to. I
desire to have read to the Senate also an order
from the War Department, by telegram, for a wit-
ness. I ask the attention of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to the fact that the cause of all the delay
which has occurred, the reason why I asked it
before the Judiciary Committee, and the reason
why I now ask a recommitment of the subject to
that committee, was to obtain and lay before them
the original paper which is called an appointment.
I did not avail myself of the opportunity of going
before that committee at all until after the decision
was had. I never received the paper that is called
an appointment. It was handed to the witness,
Colonel Weer. I stated to the Senate last sum-
mer that my impression was that that paper dif-
fered materially from the paper which is published
by the committee. They had not before them a
true copy of the paper called an appointment. I
ask, then, that the memorial may be read,and also
the order of the War Department.
^ Mr. STJMNER. It does seem to me under the
circumstances, after what we have listened to now,
especially after what has fallen from the Senator
from Kansas himself, that there is but one course
which we can take in justice to the question and
in justice to till parties, and that is its reference
back to the committee. There are papers, it seems,
which have never been before that committee;
there is an original document, of which a copy, or
what purported to be a copy, was before the com-
mittee, which is now referred to; there is also a
memorial from the sitting Senator himself. It
seems to me that these should be before the com-
mittee; they enter essentially into the case; nor do
I see how we can arrive at a correct conclusion
without taking them into consideration; and if we
cannot arrive at that conclusion without taking
them into consideration, how can the committee?
The committee are the eyes and ears of the Sen-
ate; they ought to open those eyes and to open
those ears on this occasion to this new evidence.
I therefore, if it is in order, make the motion 
Mr. CLARK. There is a motion made by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SUMNER. That it be referred?
Mr. COLLAMER. I have made that motion,
because I understood that to be the request of the
Senator in his memorial.
Mr. SCJMINEIt. Thenlhavebecn anticipated.
Mr. COLLAMER. Pursuant to that request,
I did make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that motion will prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papeis sent
UP ky the Senator from Kansas will be read.
I he Secretary read, as follows:
Adjutant General's Office, Deccmhcr 12, 18g1.
1 o Major General D. Hunter. Commanding Department
ofKansas, FoitLeavenworth, Kansas:
The General-in-Chief de&iies you to grant a leave of ab-
sence to Colonel Williani YV eor, fourth Kansas volunteers
to enable lum to repair without delay to Washington citv as
u witness, bringing w.i'i lam the papeis lelatni" to the
appointment of J. II. Lank a, Unrulier geneial.
L THOMAS, Jldjutant U-cneral,
Adjutant Generates Office, December 16,1861.
Official copy lespcctfully furnished foi the information
Of Dngadiei General Lane. K. D. TUWNSEND,
%/}■*•  itfint iidjidant General.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make one
statement. The memorial being on the desks of
the Senators, it will not be necessary to read it.
While the committee was sitting last session, I
telegraphed to Colonel Weer twice. He was then
in command of a small force in charge of a train
endeavoring to reach the army of General Lyon.
The telegram did not reach him, and therefore he
could not be here. I have received a telegram
from him this morning from Leavenworth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does
not ask for the reading of the memorial. The
first question will be on postponing until to-mor-
row, that being first in order.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
having been ordered on that motion, it can only
be withdrawn by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. Is there any objection ? The Chair hears
none. The question now is on recommitting the
report and resolutions to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER. I understand the grounds of
the recommitment are on account of the memorial
introduced by the sitting member from Kansas
this morning. I have read that memorial. He
courteously sent it to me before the session of the
Senate, so that I had an opportunity of reading it.
I have also conferred with all the members of the
Judiciary Committee whoare present; I have seen
each member of that committee but one, whom I
do not see in his seat, and they unite with me in
saying that in that memorial there is no new fact
stated; no fact which was not before the com-
mittee on the hearing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
Connecticut give way for a moment?
Mr. POSTER. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to call the
attention of the Senator from Connecticut, and
other members of the Judiciary Committee, to a
fact which I did not state to the committee nor to
any living person, and the reason I did not state
it was that it would interfere with filling up the
brigade. I went to General Scott, I think, the
next day after I received the appointment, and did
not obtain access to him; but the second day I did
obtain an interview. Before I saw General Scott
I heard it intimated that the acceptance of a brig-
adier generalship might interfere with my seat m
the Senate. I went to him and suggested the ques-
tion to him. He told me that he could not recog-
nize me as a brigadier general until I had resigned
my seat in the Senate. I then told him that I
could not accept the appointment then. Now I
ask members of that committee, and the honorable
Senator from Connecticut himself, if that fact was
before the committee?
Again, Mr. President, one other fact. I ask the
Senator if the original paper called an appoint-
ment was before the committee, and if I did not
say to the committee that my impression was that
there was in that paper a condition that the brig-
adier generalship was not to take effect until the
brigade was full, as that was the tenor of our con-
versation with the Secretary.
Mr. FOSTER. In regard to the inquiries pro-
pounded by the honorable Senator from Kansas,
I can ieply for myself, that the opinion of Gen-
eral Scott—1 cannot say from what source it was
de rived—was repeated to me several times during
the course of the discussion in the committee on
this subject. It was said that he was of opinion
that the Senator must resign his seat before he
could be a brigadier general in the volunteer forces.
How it was derived, of course I know not. I
know that I conversed with several members of
the committee on thesubjoct,and although we had
great deference for the opinion of General Scott—
at least I had, and I presume the other members
had—still we did not think that opinion was a very
sound one, or one that ought to control our action.
It had no weight on my mind whatever, because
1 deemed the opinion erroneous. I believed that
if the honorable Senator from Kansas was ap-
pointed a brigadier general while he was a Sena-
tor of the United States, and acceptcd the appoint-
ment, it vacated his seat. The act of accepting
the appointment of brigadier general vacated his
seat in the Senate. That was my opinion; it might
be erroneous, but it was mine. He had no occa-
sion to resign lus seat in order to accept the ap-
pointment of brigadier general, but the acceptance
of that office was a resignation of his seat here.
He might go on and make a formal resignation to
the Governor, or to the Legislature of his State,
or to the President of this body, but that was a
matter of mere form.
In regard to the other inquiry that the Senator
makes whether the original appointment was be-
fore the committee or not, I will say that it was
not. The report so states. The Senator asks
whether he did not, before the committee, state
that that appointment contained matter of import-
ance which was not before the committee. The
honorable Senator did so state, and he stated, as
I understood, substantially what he believed the
difference was between the copy which was be-
fore the committee and the original, which he said
was in the hands of Colonel Weer. He, however,
in his memorial prints identically the same docu-
ment which was before the committee, and which
was reported by the committee, and he says that
the letter in question, " with the exception of di-
recting me to report to General Scott, is as folio ws;9 9
so that the letter embodied by him in his memorial,
and reported by the Judiciary Committee in their
report, differs from the original only in this: that
the original directed the person to whom the letter
was addressed to report to General Scott. I, for
one, cannot believe that that constitutes any very
controlling difference between the original paper
and the copy before the Senate. I must think it
would influence the vote of no Senator here on
this question. If the report is to be recommitted
to the committee in order that they may investi-
gate the facts contained in this memorial, and the
memorial in the view of every member of the com-
mittee, except one, contains no new fact, and in
the view of the honorable Senator from Kansas
contains only these two new facts, to wit, the
opinion of General Scott, and the difference be-
tween the original letter of appointment and the
letter before the Senate at the present time—that
difference being simply that the original letter con-
tains a direction to report to General Scott, and
the letter as copied here does not contain that, I
submit that the Senate are sending this report back
to the Judiciary Committee for very slight cause.
It will of course be the duty of the committee to
investigate the subject anew if the Senate so order;
but I submit that the Senate will not send it back
without some more tangible, real reasons than
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to partici-
pate in this debate any further than to recall to the
Senate a recollection of some of the facts of the
case. I think on the morning of the adjournment
of the last special session, this case went over, on
the application of the sitting Senator from Kansas,
if I recollect aright, upon two points. One was
his anxiety to produce the evidence contained in
the original letter of appointment, which I under-
| stood was in the possession of Colonel Weer, and
which he then anticipated that he could, in a short
j time, produce; and the other point was, that an
application had been made to the President for
some information which he could communicate to
the Senate, and that communication had not been
| made on account of the shortness of time allowed
the President to make it; and inasmuch as it had
not come in, the Senate, upon the application of
the Senator from Kansas, granted the postpone-
ment of the question. Now I beg leave to call
the attention of the Senate to the evidence fur-
nished by the letter o'f the President in this case; it
is found in the memorial submitted this morning:
To the Senate of the United States:
fn answer tr> the lusolution of your honoiable body, of
dite July 31, 1861. requeuing the President to infoun the
Senate whether Hon. James II. Lane, a member of that
body fiom Knnsa.-., had been appointed a brigadier general
m the Army of the United State-*, arid if whether lie
has accepted -ueh appointment, I have the honor to tians-
mit heiewith certain papeis, numbeied one, two, tlnee,
four, five, -ix, and sevon, winch, taken together, explain
lhem<eiveti, and which contain all the intonnation I pos-
sess upon the questions propounded. It was my intention,
a>5 shown by my letter of June 30, 1&G1—the day on which
the oath was taken—to appoint flon. James H. Lane, of
Kansas, a brigadier genesal ot the United States volunteers,
in anticipation ot tilo act of Conjrics^, since ioE'
raising such volunteers; and I have no t'mther knowledge
upon the subject, except as derived from the papers iieie-
witli inclosed. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Executive Mansiun, August 3, JSS],
The papers here referred to are not printed. I
may, perhaps, occupy a position of more techni-
cal strictness than I should do in this body; yet
it does seem to mc, most respectfully, according
to my understanding, that there is no additional
