1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
is no fault of mine that my colleague had not un-
derstood that I am opposed to this resolution. I
have told him so several times. If he has not un-
derstood distinctly that in no event will I consent
to the inauguration of an emancipation policy in
Kentucky by the Federal power, or give it my
support, it is his fault, not mine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that, on a motion to postpone, it is not
in order to discuss the merits of the question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Then X have to com-
plain of the Chair that it did not remind my col-
league of that fact when hespoke about me. I beg,
therefore, to be heard on that point for a moment.
There was no objection.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do not
understand that, by going into consultation on a
great measure, 1 bind myself to come to the same
conclusion with that which may be arrived at by
the niajoiity consulting. If the contemplated
consultation proposes to introduce a preliminary
resolution, declaring that all who participate in it
shall be bound by the conclusion arrived at, I shall
not go into it at all; nor do I understand any ad-
visory consultation to be based on that condi-
tion 
Mr. MALLORY. With the leave of my col-
league, I desire to interrupt him.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I will be a little more
gracious to my colleague than he was to me.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will say that I have always
understood my colleague as being opposed to the
inauguration of an emancipation party or policy
in the State of Kentucky; but perhaps there is
some question as to whether the passage of the res-
olution by Congress is to be the inauguration of
such a policy or of such a party in Kentucky. It
was in reference to a question of that sort that f
supposed my colleague's mind was open to con-
viction, and about which he was ready to delib-
erate with the rest of us.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Undoubtedlylam open
to conviction upon that point. I cannot consent
to yield to the counsels of others on such a ques-
tion, when my own judgmentdoes not lead me to
the same conclusion to which my colleague seems
now disposed to come.
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague has no right
to infer any conclusion that I seem disposed to
come to. I gave no indication as to what conclu-
sion I was disposed to come.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Well, sir, I do not desire
to discuss this question now on its merits, and 1
will abstain from discussing it. But, sir, this is
a question of vital interest to the people of my
State, and I appeal to the House, if they have any
consideration for me or for the people whom I rep-
resent, not to force a vote upon this resolution with-
out opportunity for discussion now or some other
time. I ask them to postpone it until Thursday,
or whatever day they choose to name, or if they
will not postpone it, not to force us to a vote until
there can be an opportunity for full discussion.
Mr. BINGHAM. For myself, I am desirous
of hearing the gentleman from Kentucky express
his opinions fully upon this subject, and I hope
he will have the opportunity of being heard. The
object of those who desire that this motion to
postpone shall not prevail, so far as I know it, is
not for the purpose of cutting off 'debate, but for
the purpose of giving the fullest opportunity foi^
debate within a reasonable time, but that no un-
necessary delay should be allowed to prevent the
prompt and final action of the House upon the
icsolution. I understand the object of those who
desire the postponement of the resolution is that
they may have the opportunity for private con-
sultation. Now,sir,if the House will permit me,
I piupose buefiy to assign more fully my reasons
why this resolution should not be postponed.
l'have called the attention of the House already
to certain emphatic words of the President m coni-
mumejti'i" this resolution to us; and now I de-
sire their attention still further to the language of
the President. He says:
" Tile Fedeial Government would find its highest inter-
in i-uch a ut< ;i-uie as one ot the most efficient means
of M'h-pie&civcrnon.'1
If that be so, the House should not delay it.
Thev owe it not only to the President but to the
cuuntrv to talc up the resolution and consider It
Lit once, if weighty considerations like these have
induced the Piesi.lent to communicate this reso-
lution to the House, there should be no unneces-
sary delay in our final'action upon it. I beg leave
to read still further from the words of the Presi-
dent touching this measure;
"The ieadftrs of the existing insurrection entertain the
hope that this Government will ultimately be forced to ac-
knowledge the independence of some pai t of the disaffected
region, mid that all the slave States noith of such partwiii
then say,'the Union for which we have struggled being
already ^one, we now choose to ^owitli the southern sec-
tion.' To deprive them of this hope substantially ends the
rebellion* and the initiation of emancipation completely
deprives them of it as to all the States initiating it."
The "initiation of emancipation" deprives the
rebels of their hope, and substantially ends the
rebellion. Memorable words, sir: the initiation of
emancipation ends the rebellion.
I submit to the House that, upon the showing
of the President, if we are going to offer induce-
ments to any States still loyal to the Union, and
known as slave States, to " initiate emancipa-
tion," it is high time that we should take up the
proposition and dispose of it, in order to give those
States an opportunity to accept the offer or to re-
ject it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me, there is an assent from an-
other tribunal besides this Congress to be given
to this proposition before it can be carried into
full operation. If you will not postpone this ques-
tion here for a day, because time and the public
necessities demand instant action, now, when the
people of the several States to whom the propo-
sition is rc&de shall come to also act upon it, as
they must, how many hours will you graciously
grant them to consider this remarkable propose
lion? How long will your haste and the public
exigencies allow them to consider it? I fancy
they will take as much time as they wish—too
much for your haste.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am free to say that they
might have as much time for the consideration of
this proposition as is compatible with the public
safety, and not a moment longer.
Mr. WADSWORTH. How long is that?
Mr. BINGHAM. That depends entirely upon
circumstances.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I think I know what
the opinion of the gentleman is. I think he is of
opinion that the time has already past.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do notknow how thegen-
tleman knows my opinion upon that subject.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 listened to the gen-
tleman's speech the other day, and I think he
expressed in substance lliat opinion.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me, but I desire to say I have expressed no such
opinion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not able to see
what this discussion has to do with the question
of postponement.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I am endeavoring to
show that the object of pressing this resolution to
a vote now is not because we have no time to
spare. The gentleman in his speech the other day,
if 1 remember correctly, expressed the opinion
that this Congress should promulgate a deciee of
universal emancipation, and at once.
Mr BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me. I said no such thing.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have not the gentle-
man's speech before mo, but that is my recollec-
tion of his idea.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will find no
such words in my speech. I did not therein ad-
vocate any pioposition for universal emancipa-
tion, or for any emancipation of the slaves of loyal
citizens with or without compensation.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not say the gen-
tleman did without compensation. He declared
it the duty of Congress to proclaim the emanci-
pation of four millions of slaves.
Mr. BINGHAM. I said the four millions of
i slaves held by rebels.
i Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman said of
I four millions of slaves, at least. " In ten days, by
| means of that human telegraph woven of the lacer-
j ated heart-strings of four millions of human be-
ings," these slaves were to be set free, rise, and
end the rebellion.
Mr. BINGHAM. My proposition only had
reference to slaves held by rebels; and 1 so ex-
pressly declared more than once in my speech to
which the gentleman refers.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Well, then, slaves held
by rebels. 1 suppose the gentleman includes
everybody in the South in the term " rebels," as
we only have some four millions of slaves in the
South.
Mr. BINGHAM, f beg pardon of the gentle-
man; I do no such thing.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This discussion is utterly irrele-
vant to the subject of postponing this resolution.
The.SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I trust the House will
not interrupt us in this little matter.
Mr BINGHAM. I certainly should like to
hear what the gentleman has to say.
Several Members objected.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to say that I shall
vote for this motion to postpone, and I now only
rise to say that in giving thflt vote no inference is
to be drawn as to the final vote 1 shall give on the
resolution.
The proposed measure is one to which under
ordinary circumstances my State would naturally
be opposed. It is due to the gravity of the pro-
posed measure, it is due to the President of the
United States, it is due to the two Houses of Con-
gress, it is due to the country, that we should bring
to it the calmest consideration and that we should
give it the most thorough investigation of which
we are capable.
It is to enable me to give to it that careful con-
sideration that I desire the subject postponed to
some future day. And I trust that the gentlemen
upon this floor who have much less feeling upon
the subject, vvlio have much less personal interest
in it, and whose constituencies are not so much in-
terested in it as those whom I have the honor to
represent, will concede to us that which we ask—
time for calm, deliberate consideration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to say but a word. It has occurred to mc
that it was unfortunate to present this resolution
just now and attempt to carry it through under
the operation of the previous question. 1 foresaw,
as I thought at the moment, the result which has
since manifested itself here. There has sprung
up an antagonism to a proposition which I be-
lieved then and 1 believe now would receive three
fourths of the vote of the House if fairly nnd
calmly considered,and our minds fixed upon some
scheme by which it might be practically carried
into effect. But the forcing of the question upon
the House in this summary manner produces an-
tagonisms which in a moment of excitement form
opposing parties that it will be difficult ever to get
together. I thought, sir, that it was the object of
the President to eschew party differences and par-
tisan excitement, and see whether we could not
agree upon some proposition, adopt some policy
upon which the country could harmonize with
a view that at some future day we might eradicate
the great evil*which is now stinging and burning
the very vitals of the Republic. It was not in-
tended that there should be inaugurated by the
Federal Government the policy which has been
indicated by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I rise to a point of or-
order. I have no objection to the subject being
debated, but I want both sides heard.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am in favor of
postponing the further consideration of the sub-
ject to another day, in order that the House may
have full opportunity to arrive at a just and fail-
conclusion as to the real scope and design of the
resolution. It is not, as has been charged, our
purpose, or the purpose of the Administration, to
inaugurate on the part of the Federal Government
in any of the States a scheme or measure of gen-
eral emancipation of slaves. It is important that
the subject should be postponed in order to show
that there is no such thing m the recent message
of the President of the, United States or the reso-
lution under consideration. We ought to have
| time, not only for consideration of this question
! ourselves, but in order that we may develop some
plan that will harmonize all sections, and most
certainly and safely accomplish the beneficial pur-
pose that we all have in view.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss
the merits of the resolution.
li Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, By carefully
j! looking at the message of the Piesident, it will be
seen that there is not an objectionable point in it.
'! It is liberal and patriotic.
