1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•3071
then, is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment proposed by him to the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider only because I want an
expression of the sense of the Senate.
The yeas and nays we*e ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas IS, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris; Hender-
son, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, and Nes-
mith—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Hale, Harlan, How-
ard, King, Lane of Kansas, romeroy, I'owelf, Saulsbuiy,
Sherman, Staik, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wiliey, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—19.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion
to recommit the bill, with the amendments, to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, with instructions to
report an amendment regulating the pay of the
officers of the Navy.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is in order to pre-
sent a motion to amend. If I understand the mo-
tion, it is that the bill and the proposed amend-
ments be referred. I propose to amend the bill
by adding a new section, to go with the bill, should
this motion of the Senator from Ohio prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move to amend the bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. There has been no vote taken
on the amendment I proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to amend the bill now; but the suggestion
that this amendment may go with the bill to the
committee, will be assented to, and it will be read
for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read Mr. Harlan's amendment,
as follows:
J?nil be it further cnacled, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be aulhonzed toappoint siv additional chaplains
for the United States Navy.
Mr. HARLAN. . I will state in explanation
that I understand the number now allowed by law
is twenty-four. That number was fixed when the
number of men employed m the Navy amounted
to about eight thousand. There are now about
thirty-five thousand men, as I understand, em-
ployed in the naval service, and there has been no
increase of chaplains. Those who are familiar
with the organization of the Navy say to me that
they think the number ought to be increased even
more than this, but this number has been sug-
£6$t6(l
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the proposition of the Senator from Iowa
may be considered as an amendment pending at
the time the motion to recommit was made, and
thus go with the bill on that motion; and it will
be so considered unless objection be made. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to recommit the bill with the instructions
stated.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL ISSUE 0E TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
take up the bill (H. R. No. 187) to authorize an
additional issue of United States notes, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It will authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue, in addition to the amounts
heretofore authorized, on the credit of the United
States, $130,000,000 of United States notes, not
bearing interest, payable to bearer at the Treasury
of the United States, and of such denominations
as he may deem expedient; but no note is to bo
issued for the fractional part of a dollar, and not
more than $50,000,000 be of lower denominations
than five dollars. Such notes are to be receivable
in payment of all loans made to the United Stales,
and of all taxes, 1 n tenia I duties, excises, debts, and
demands of every kind due to the United States,
except duties on imports and interest, and of all
claims and demands against the United States, ex-
cept for interest upon bonds, notes, and certificates
of debt or deposit; and they are also to be lawful
money and a legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States, ex-
cept duties on imports and interest, as aforesaid.
Any holder of these United States notes deposit-
ing any sum not less than fifty dollars, or some
multiple of fifty dollars, with the Treasurer of the
United States, or either of the Assistant Treasur-
ers, will receive in exchange therefor duplicate
certificates of deposit, one of which may be trans-
mitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, who will
thereupon issue to the holder an equal amount of
bonds of the United States, coupon or registered,
as may by the holder be desired, bearing interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum, payable
semi-annually, and redeemable at the pleasure of
the United States after five years, and payable
twenty years from the date thereof. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may exchange for such
notes, on such terms as he shall think most bene-
ficial to the public interest, any bonds of the Uni-
ted States bearing six per cent, interest, and re-
deemable after five and payable in twenty years,
which have been or may be lawfully issued under
the provisions of any existing act; he may reissue
the notes so received in exchange; may receive
and cancel any notes heretofore lawfully issued
under any act of Congress, and in lieu thereof
issue an equal amount in notes such as are author-
ized by this act; and may purchase, at rates not
exceeding that of the current market, and cost of
purchase not exceeding one eighth of one per cent.,
any bonds or certificates of debt of the United
States as he may deem advisable.
The Secretary of the Treasury is also to be au-
thorized, in case he shall think it expedient, to
cause the notes to be engraved and printed by con-
tract, or to be engraved, printed, and executed,
in such form as he shall prescribe, at the Treas-
ury Department, in Washington, and under his
direction; and he is to be empowered to purchase
and provide all the machinery and materials, and
to employ such persons and appoint such officers
as may be necessary for this purpose.
The limitation upon temporary deposits of Uni-
ted States notes with any Assistant Treasurer or
designated depositary authorized by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to receive such deposits to
$50,000,000, is to be repealed; and the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to receive such de-
posits, undersuch regulationsas he may prescribe,
to such amount as ho may deem expedient, not
exceeding §100,000,000, for not less than thirty
days, in sums not less than $100, at a rate of in-
terest not exceeding five per cent, per annum; and
any amount so deposited may be withdrawn frotn
deposit, at any time after ten days'notice, on the
return of the certificate of deposit. But United
States notes to an amount not less than one third
of the aggregate sum of the deposits is at all times
to be reserved in the Treasury of the United
States, or from issue under this act, for the pur-
pose of securing prompt payment of such depos-
its on demand. And certificates of deposit and
of indebtedness issued under this or former acts
may be received on the same terms as United
States notes in payment for bonds redeemable
after five and payable in twenty years.
The Secretary of the Treasury may, at any time
until otherwise ordered by Congress, and under
the restrictions imposed by the " Act to authorize
a national loan, and for other purposes," borrow,
on the credit of the United States, such part of
the sum of $250,000,000 mentioned in that act as
may not have been borrowed under its provisions
within twelve months from the passage thereof.
Any part of the appropriation of$10,000 for the
detection and bringing to trial of persons engaged
in counterfeiting the coin of the United Stales,
made by the act entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expensesof the Government for the yearend-
ing 30th June, 1861," approved June 23, 1860,
may be applied in detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting
Treasury notes, bonds, or other securities of the
United States, as well as the coin of the United
States. And to carry into effect these sections the
sum of $300,000 is to bo appropriated.
All the provisions of the act entitled "An act to
authorize the issue of United States notes, and for
the redemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the floating debt of the United States," approved
February 25, 1862, so far as the same can or may
be applied to the provisions of this act, and not
inconsistent therewith, are to apply to the notes
now to be issued.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with various amendments. The first amendment
was in section one,line ten, to strike out "fifty,"
and insert " twenty-five;" so- that the clause witi
read:
Provided, That no note shall be issued for the fractional
part of a dollar, and not more than $25,000,000 shall be of
lower denominations than five dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, after lino thirteen, to strike out the
following proviso;
Provided, however. That United States notes to an amount
not less than one thiicl of the aggregate sum of said depos-
its shall at all times he reserved m ttieTreasniyof the Uni-
ted States, or from is^ie under this act, for the purpose of
securing prompt payment of such deposits on demand.
And to inseil in lieu thereof:
And of the amounts ot the United States notes author-
ized hy this act not less than $75,000,000 shall be reserved
fortlle purpose of securing piompt payment of sneh de-
posits when demanded, and shall he issued and used on!y
when, in the judgment of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the same, or any pait thereof, may be needed for that pur-
pose..
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word " amounts"
in the matter proposed to be inserted should be
" amount." 1 desire that change to be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifica-
tion will be made,if there be no objection. The
question is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-four
and twenty-five, to strike out the words " pro-
vided further, that."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 7. Jlnd beit further cnactcd, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he Is hereby, authorized, under such
regulations as lie may prescribe, to make any officer or de-
positary designated to receive and keep any moneys col-
lected under and by virtue of an act entitled " An act to
piovide Internal revenue to suppoit the Government and
pay interest on the public debt" a disbursing agent of the
Treasury for the payment of all interest due to the citizens
of any Slate where such place of deposit may be established,
upon Government securities issued hy authority of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have diiected me to offer another amend-
ment, to insert m section one, line thirty-one,after
the word <4 thereof," the following:
Provide<7, however, That any notes iss-ued undei this act
may be paid m coin instead of being received in exchange
for ceitnicates of deposit as above specified, at the discre-
tion of the Seeietary of the Tieasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment on which I shall ask a vote of the Senate. 1
move to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing:
Antl be it further enacted, That there shall be paid an-
nually by each person, corpoiation, or association, which,
under the laws of any State, .shall i^sue notes and bills for
circulation as money, the duty of two per cent, of the largest
amount of such bills and notes of such person, corpoiation,
or association that shall be outstanding during the quaiter
part of the year preceding such payment. Snchduties shall
be p.iid quaiterly; the flibt payment to be on the 1st day of
October, 1862; and shall bo asceitaincd, assessed, and col-
lected m the mode provided hy law for the assessment and
collection oi taxes levied upon coiporations: Provided, That
the bills or notes of such person, corporation, or association
held by such pet soil, coipmation, or association, and not in
ciicuiation within the quaiter pieceding, shall not In* in-
cluded in said amount.
Mr. President, if I can obtain for a short time
the attention of the Senate on this important prop-
osition, I shall endeavor to present the reasons for
the adoption of this amendment. In the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, he sub-
mitted the proposition to Congress to tax the cir-
culation of bank paper, not only with a view to
revenue, but with a view of withdrawing- from
circulation local bank paper. In justice to him,
probably, I ought to have what he says upon the
subject read before! proceed to make my remarks.
I will ask the Secretary to read an extract from
his annual report of last December.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"The circulation of the banks of the United States, on the
1st day of January, 1861, was computed to be $202,000,767.
Of tins ciicuiation $150,000,000, in round numbers, was In
Static now loyal, including West Virginia, and ,<$50,000,000
in the rebellious States. The whole of this ciicuiation con-
stitutes a loan without interest from the people to the banks,
costing them nothing except the expense of issue and re-
demption and the inteiest on the specie kept on hand for
the latter puipo«o ; and it deserves consideration whether
sound policy does not requne that the advantages of this
loan be transferred, in part at least, from the banks, repie-
senting only the inteicsta of the stockholders, to the Gov-
ernment, representing the aggregate interests of the whole
people.
