3072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2.
" It has been well questioned by the most eminent states
men whether a currency of bank notes, issued by local in-
stitutions under State laws, is not, in fact, prohibited by the
national Constitution. Such emissions certainly fait within
the spirit, If not within the letter of the constitutional pro-
hibition of the emission of bills of credit by the States, and
of the making by them of anything except gold and silver
com a legal tender in payment of debts.
" However this may be, it is too clear to he reasonably
disputed that Congress, under its constitutional powers to
lay taxes, to regulate commerce, and to regulate llie value
of coin, possesses ample authority to control the credit cir-
culation which entets so largely into the transactions of
commerce and affects in bo many way* the value of coin.
il In the judgment of the Secretaiy the time has arrived
when Congress should exercise this authority. The value
of the existing bank note circulation depend* on the law*
of thirty-four States and the character of some sixteen hun-
dred private corporations. It is usually furnished in great-
est proportions by institutions of least netual capital Cir-
culation, commonly, is in the inverse ratio of solvency.
Well-founded institutions, of large and rolid capital, have,
in general, comparatively little cnculation; while weak
corporations almost invariably seek to Mi.stain themselves
hy obtaining from the people the largest possible eiodit in
this form. Under sueli a system, 01 lather lack ot system,
gre.nt fluctuations, and heavy loses in discounts and ex-
changes, are inevitable ; ami not unfrequently, through fail-
ures of the issuing institutions, considerable portions of the
circulation tn'come suddenly worthless in the hands of the
people. The reeenf experience of several States in the val-
ley of the Mississippi painfully illustrates the justice of these
observation^; and enforces by the most cogent piaetieal
a^uincnts the duty of protecting commerce and industry
against the recurrence of such disorders."
Mr. SHERMAN. The proposition to tax the
circulation of bank notes is new in the Senate, but
is not new among the financial men of the coun-
try. The proposition has been discussed in many
of the leading- commercial papers. It has been
discussed among bankers and persons whose busi-
ness it is to deal in money. Il is therefore not a
now question. It has been the frequent subject of
conversation in the Committee on Finance. My
own convictions are clear and decidcd. I believe
the timft has arrived when it is an imperative ne-
cessity for the Government of the United States
to gradually drive out of circulation the local bank
paper. The right to issue paper money is a fran-
chise or property, liable like other property to tax-
ation. It should bear its full share of the burden
of taxation; and yet it is the only spccies of prop-
erty that 1 know of in this country that now es-
capes taxation. The franchise, or the right to
issue paper money, is just as much an article of
property as a horse or cow, a farm, a distillery,
or a railroad; and yet this franchise, this exclusive
right, granted only to a few corporations in this
countiy, is the only property that I know of that
is free from all taxation,except the tax upon the
income derived from it. I do not know any ele-
ment of taxation that iy bolter able to pay. What
ia the condition of the banks of this country? They
issue $150,000,000 of notes which i« virtually
money. Every citizen in compelled to take it, not
by law, it is true, but by the necessity of business
operations. Upon this a profit is derived to the
hanks of at leas t six per cent., or$9,000,000. There
is no corresponding burden thrown upon the banks
for this circulation. If they redeemed this paper in
coin at their counters, then, as a matter of course,
there would be no propriety iy taxing them to this
extern, at least. But they have this exclusive
privilege, and they do not comply with the con-
dition upon which they have the right to issue,
and that is the condition of redeeming their notes
in coin. It is a valuable privilege to them; it is
worth to them at least $9,000,00!), and for which
th^y pay no consideration whatever, either to the
Stale or to the General Government. As they do
not now comply with the conditions of their char
tors to redeem their notes m gold and silver, they
substantially have a franchise from the people of
the, United States worth to them §9,000,000 with-
out taking upon themselvesany burden whatever
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will allow rue to
inquire whether he has well considered what he
is saymg.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question I do not
want to answer. It is rather a peculiar question.
Mr. CLARK. The banks of my State do pay
to the Legislature, out of which we make up a
titulary fund to support our schools in part. We
have not huge grants of land in New Hampshire;
but we do from this very source, of which the Sen-
ator speaks, get a fund of £60,000 a year for the
support of our schools.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will find that
he does not know as much about it as he thinks.
The tax to which he alludes is a tax on the cap-
ital employed in the banks, not upon the circula-
tion. There is not in the United States, so far as
my knowledge goes, a tax upon the circulationsof
bank paper. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. No; I am not mistaken.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a tax on circulation ?
Mr. COLLAMER. We do not call it by that
name.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a tax on the cap-
ital of the bank. That is property. The right to
issue bank paper is a franchise, a property, just
as distinct as the ownership of the capital, and
they are as distinct as any two species of property
can be. The owners of the bank own the capital,
and upon that they pay a tax.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. The Senator is mistaken,
for this reason: the banks pay to the State so much
for the privilege of banking. The stockholders
pay taxes like everybody else on the stock owned
in the banks, and the property pays besides. It
is a special tax for the privilege of circulating notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is, in
the part of the country in which I reside, a tax of
this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In all New England there
is.
Mr. SHERMAN. There may be in New Eng-
land. 1 do not question that. The Senator says
it is a tax on circulation. My impression is it is
a tax on the property invested in the corporations.
Mr. CLARK. Notatali. Let me inform the
Senator it is a distinct tax levied on all banking
institutions for the privilege of this circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much?
Mr. CLARK. One half of one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the Senator,byshow-
ing- that this franchise is taxed in New England,
shows clearly that among the New England peo-
ple, where the subject of taxation is well under-
stood, it is a proper element of taxation. If the
State can tax this franchise, why shall not the
General Government tax it now in its need ? We
are taxing many things we never taxed before;
and why'should not this important property be
taxed ? You must remember, sir, that this fran-
chise is worth to the banks of the United States
not less than $9,000,000; that it is a franchise that
brings with it no corresponding burdens; that not
one of them redeems—there may be a few cases,
but the groat body of them do not redeem—their
paper in gold and silver; they arc relieved by the
state of affairs from many of the burdens of a
bank issue; they own this important franchise,
and that franchise escapes taxation by the Gen-
eral Government, at least. Now, there are other
taxes imposed on other corporations. Take rail-
road coiporations. They pay the income tax;
they pay the tax on the interest of their bonds;
they pay all the taxes that are assessed on banks;
and in addition there is a tax imposed on railroads
of three per cent, on the receipts from passen-
gers, which is even a higher rate than is proposed
by this amendment. In like manner, insurance
and various other companies pay a tax of this
kind, besides the tax on their income, and on
their property. But the banking franchise escapes
taxation. I hope Senators will keep in mind that
the franchise, the right to issue notes, is a prop-
erty distinct from the capital employed in the
bank. They may lose their franchise, and yet
their capital is preserved. Each are different ele-
ments of taxation. If a lawyer practices his pro-
fession, you tax him on his employ merit, and yet
tax his income. Here is an exclusive employ-
ment from which large profits are derived directly
from the people. I submit if it does not present
u proper subject of taxation which we would not
act wisely in entiiely ignoring.
I have thus far discussed this proposition sim-
ply as a question of taxation of property to bo
taxed; but there is another view, much stronger,
in my judgment, why this tax should be imposed,
and imposed now. I frankly acknowledge that the
chief purpose in levying this tax is to induce the
withdiawal from circulation of local bank paper.
Suppose that all the bank paper of the United
States were now withdrawn from circulation.
That would not destroy a single item of property.
The capital of all these banks would be intact.
They could make their legitimate profit on their
capital. They could engage just as other banks
do in banking business. They cnuld carry on
their business of receiving deposits, of issuing
bills of exchange, and all the ordinary functions
of banking business, except only this peculiar
franchise which is regarded everywhere as a Gov-
ernment franchise—the right to make money.
This would not impair the value of their property.
Indeed, several gentlemen engaged in the business
of banking have said to me that if this privilege
was denied to all the banks so that they would be
put on the same footing with other banks, they
had no objection to it, because they could use their
capital in ordinary and legitimate banking busi-
ness without any loss. They could carry on their
operations with and upon the demand notes now
furnished by the United States. Why, sii, the
largest banking establishments in this country do
not issue notes to any considerable extent; and
many of the ablest men engaged in this business
do not desire to issue notes. Their credit can be
made available in a different form.
Suppose the purpose I avow is accomplished:
what then is the condition of our currency. We
have then but one kind of paper money—that is-
sued directly by the United States, and based upon
the public credit. It would be of uniform value
throughout the United States. Exchanges be-
tween different parts would never exceed the cost
of transferring the paper; a cost very trifling with
ourexcellent system of transportation by express
companies. The amount might be limited by the
national Legislature so as to prevent the danger
of expansion and contraction. Such a currency
would then be invaluable as a medium in war of
borrowing money on the bonds of the United
States, and in time of peace of paying the public
debts. All loss from counterfeiting could be care-
fully guarded against; broken and depreciated bank
paper, defaced and worthless rags, would no longer
inflict a severe loss upon those who are compelled
by the usages of trade to take it or get nothing.
A national currency based upon all the property
of the United States would give security and uni-
formity to the circulating medium of the country.
But if, on the other hand, you continue to issue
United States demand notes, without taking meas-
ures to retire the bank paper in circulation, you
will find that the banks, no longer restrained by
the necessity of paying gold and silver, will make
your issues the basis of the issue of at least as
much more bank paper. The rivalry for two sys-
tems not connected with each other will produce
inflation and derangement in all the business rela-
tions of the country. A system of finance like this
must in the end .produce disaster and ruin.
Experience has fully proven that some form of
paper money will be used in all commercial na-
tions. By adopting the sub-Treasury bill we did
not get rid of paper money. We only got rid of
the use of it by the Government. From the time
the sub-Treasury bill was passed until this hour,
the amount of paper money has been gradually
changingand increasing,although notalways uni-
formly. It has always existed, and has been the
basis of the operations of the business of the coun-
try. Although the United States received only
gold and silver coin, yet paper money was the ba-
sis of circulation in all the northern States, and I
believe in nearly all the States, with the exception
of California and perhaps Louisiana, where they
have but very little bank paper.
There are radical objections to thepresent bank-
ing system of the United States. There are one
thousand three hundred and ninety-six banks in
twenty-nine States and one Territory. Their sys-
tems of banking are as diverse as anything can
possibly be. In some States they are governed
by a general banking law; in others Uy corporate
charters, in some States they are based upon stock
securities; in some upon the capital stock paid ill
or secured. In some States they are regulated by a
State bank and blanches, and in others each bank
is separate and independent from the others. We
havea complex system of bank notes. It requires
an expert to judge of the validity or correctness
of a bank note. Your ordinary bank note report-
ers and detectors contain an infinite variety of
descriptions to tell the value of a bank note, and
whether it is counterfeit. It is a complex system.
The loss by counteifelting, and the loss by bad
notes of various kinds in this country, is estimated
by gentlemen who are engaged in the business as
nearly equal to the interest, on the whole circula-
tion; that is, $9,000,000 is lost the people of the
United States by counterfeiting, by bad notes, by
lost notes, by bank failures, and in various ways.
The people, therefore, are not only compelled to
