1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
March 10.
• _ I am in favor of the postponement of this ques-
tion, because of what has occurred here to-day.
* "The spirit and purpose of this movement have
been misunderstood. That ought to be put right.
Members upon both sides of the Chamber have
grown excited, and have not quite fairly, I think,
looked at the matter, because of the attempt made
to press the resolution through under the operation
of the previous question. Let us have time in
which to interchange our views. In eight or ten
days we will come to some conclusion by which
we will be enabled to establish a conservative con-
stitutional policy, suchas that which hasbeenindi-
cated by the President. We may, and I am sure
that we will adopt such a Measure as will meet with
the approval of the large majority of this House.
It is said by the gentleman from Indiana that he
is unwilling to tax his people for the purpose of
aiding the States, as indicated by the President.
Sir, we must be careful that the tax upon the
States shall not be burdensome. For while I would
in any reasonable way reijder the aid suggested by
the President, I never, would be in favor of op-
pressive and burdensome taxation for that pur-
pose; and this branch of the subject certainly re-
quires consideration and reflection. A matter of
this importance ought to be fully and thoroughly
canvassed. The accomplishment of an object so
grand and beneficial is worthy of the closest at-
tention, and ought to command the most profound
consideration of Congress.
For all of these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I do sin-
cerely hope that members will be allowed oppor-
tunity to examine and reflect on the President's
recommendation. When the, question shall be
pressed on the House for final action, then let that
which is right and just prevail. I think that, un-
der all the circumstances, it is due to ourselves to
pursue this course. I hope the motion to post-
pone will be adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a few wordsmore
to say why the further consideration of this res-
'olution should not be postponed. I have already
quoted to the House the President's remarkable
-words, urging immediate action by Congress. I
do not care to repeat again the words of the Pres-
ident. I have already read all that bore directly
on this subject. I desire to say, however, that I
view this matter in the same light with the Pres-
ident.
it is proposed that there shall be a movement
of gradual emancipation initiated by the different
loyal slave States; for it is only such Slates that
we can expect will entertain the proposition; and
1 am free to say that only such States are entitled
to any such consideration; the rebel States are
but organized mobs. If loyal slave States will
but "initiate emancipation," that measure will
itself tend to destroy this rebellion. I believe if
the Federal Government, in aspiritof generosity,
in the name of all tbe people of the free States,
were to state to Maryland, Kentucky, Delaware,
and Missouri that they were ready to go with
them hand in hand in this matter of emancipation,
and to bear their just and full proportion of the
burden for whatever pecuniary sacrifice the loyal
slave States may make for the general welfare of
the Republic, I believe that the loyal and patriotic
men of those States would be disposed to adopt
this great measure of freedom, that this gigantic
and wicked rebellion might speedily come to an
end.
The SPEAKER. The merits of the resolution
are not open for discussion.
Mr. BJNGHAM. It seems to me that the bor-
der slave States will not consider this question of
emancipation as they should, until the proposition
of pecuniary aid is presented to them by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Until that is done
we have no hope they will do so. They aie not
• ready, I fear, in these times of general desti action
of property and of individual credit to initiate so
important a measure without some aid from the
General Government.
Air. Speaker, if we are going to aid these loyal
slave States to initiate this beneficent measure of
sell-preservation, we should, in the words of the
President, so declare "atonce;" lest, as the length-
ening shadows around us seem to admonish," the
night cometh," when it will be too late.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I wantthis
matter pi,iced where there can be some delibera-
tion and discussion on it. My friend from Ohio I
[Mr. Bingham] seems alarmed for the country |
just now. He thinks that we are going to be
served at Manassas as we were served there last
July. May be he wants to get off.
I understood my friend from New York to state
that he had been instructed to call for the previous
question on this resolution. That would look as
if the thing had been considered and settled upon
the other side. If it is, then let it go. I say let
us go into the Committee of the Whole, where the
President's message now is, and there we can
consider it. We ought to have time to discuss it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Kentucky states that I declared I had been
instructed to call for the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I so understood the gen-
tleman. I may have misunderstood him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I said no such
thing—if the gentleman will allow me to say so.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Gentlemen around me
say that they also so understood you to declare.
Mr. ROSCOE "CONKLING. If any other
gentleman misunderstood me 1 hope that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will allow me to state what
I did say. I said that this subject had been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where every gentleman who did
vote would have abundant-opportunities to state
his reasons for the vote he gave. On consultation
with friends I had promised, on offering the reso-
lution, to call for the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is what I stated.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mjf colleague
states that the language I used was that I had
agreed to call for the previous question, and not
that I was instructed to demand it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not think that I did the
gentleman any great injustice in wliatl said. I did
not intend to do him any, at all events. I am dis-
posed to have this question discussed. I have my
own opinion on it. Thatopinion may be changed,
but not by such a commentator of the Constitution
as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I
want to see whether there is a disposition to meet
thisquestion calmly and dispassionately. I do not
know whether it is m order for me to make the mo-
tion, but I would like to have this question post-
poned until after we have gotthrough the tax bill,
which is now before us and made a special order.
I move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
discussion and action there.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order during
the pendency of the motion to postpone.
ANOTHER UNION VIOTOItY.
Mr. 0L1N. I ask the Clerk to read the follow-
ing dispatch,which has been received by the Navy
Department.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Baltimore, March 10.
To Uon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy:
I arrived tins morning, and will come on 111 the next
(four o'clock) train. The enemy has abandoned his heavy
lortuioations at St. Simons and Iliunswick, Georgia. Foit
Clinch and Fernandiiia and Maiy:s, Floiida, are ours.
(J. H. DAVIS,
Captain United States Navy.
EMANCIPATION AGAIN.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Speaker,! care not whether
this resolution be postponed until Thursday or
until Monday next. When the resolution came
here,accompanied by themessageofthePresident,
I hailed it with'great satisfaction; and I thought
the disposition made of it by the chairman of the
Committee ofWays and Means in referring it to
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union was the proper disposition to be made of it.
It seems to me that that is still the proper disposi-
tion to be made of it. It is clear to my mind that
it was never contemplated by the President that a
measure which he declares m his message to be
of great importance, should be passed under the
previous question. Sir, 1 hailed the introduction
of this resolution, conuug as it did fiom the Exec-
utive of the country, as a bow of hope and prom-
ise. I hope that tile postponement which gentle-
men whoase more interested in it than any other
part of the country desire will be granted; and I
hope that gentlemen from the border States will,
during the time that may be granted to them, de-
vote themselves carefully to its consideration.
They will find, if they do, that it proposes no in-
fringement uiioii tlieii constitutional rights.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is discussing the merits of the proposition.
Mr. DIVEN. All I desire is, that those gen-
tlemen shall have time to consider the resolution
in the light in which it is presented to them, as
a measure of conciliation, as a measure to inter-
fere with none of their rights, but as a measure
which the whole country, rising above all polit-
ical considerations, and avoiding all constitutional
quibbles and objections, may adopt. If they will
use the time between now and Monday, or be-
tween now and Thursday, in thus considering it,
with an honest desire to arrive at a proper con-
clusion, I am satisfied that the resolution will com-
mend itself to every one of them as it does to me.
In the hope that it will thus commend itself to
them, not as partisans but as patriots—in the
hope that consideration of this question may be
had upon principles above all party organizations,
but for the good and for the pacification of the
country, as designed by our distinguished Presi-
dent, I shall vote for the postponement.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say but a single word upon thisquestion. I shall
vote for the postponement of the consideration of
this resolution, not because I have any doubts
about it myself; I intend to vote for it; but I think
it is but justice to the gentlemen in this House who
are situated very differently from gentlemen who
represent northern States to give them the fullest
opportunity for careful deliberation. I do not as-
sent to the doctrine of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] that we should vote
and then deliberate, decide and then discuss. I un-
derstand that this is a deliberative body, and not
merely a voting body; and I believe that if this
firebrand, if I may so express myself, had not been
thrown into the House in the motion for the pre-
vious question, you would have had at least five
sixths of all the votes of this House in favor of the
resolution; and I believe now, that upon a full
consideration of this question, we shall have at
least as large a number as that.
Mr. BIDDLE. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have but
a word more to say, and that is in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I know
the President desires that we should consider this
question at an early day, and I have the highest
respect for the wishes and feelings of the Presi-
dent upon this subject, but I do not understand,
as gentlemen seem to intimate frequently on the
floor of this House, that the House is to follow
the beck of the President, or any member of the
Administration. It has its duties to discharge as
well as the President. This House is to initiate a
policy, and not the President of the United States;
it is to take the responsibility as well as the Pres-
ident, and therefore it is to discuss and deliberate
before it decides or votes. That is all I desired
to say.
Mr. BIDDLE. I will add a single word to what
has so well been said by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on the subject of postponement. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
to refer to the language of the President of the
United States, as if he had, so to speak, called the
previous question himself upon this resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me. I did not intend to communicate any such
idea.
m Mr. BIDDLE. I so understood him. There
was some paititular urgency which he derived
from a criticism of the phraseology used by the •
President. That is what I mean to impute to him,
and nothing more. I therefore beg, before he
replies to me, if he thinks it worth while to do so,
to call his attention to the final sentence of the
President's message, in which he says:
" In full view of my jrreat responsibility to my God and
to my country, I earnestly beg the attention of Congress
and the people to the subject."
Now, this solemn language, in which he calls
the attention of this Congress to the subject, cer-
tainly does not imply a desne that the resolution
should be hurried through without any attention
being given to it or any deliberation upon it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I merely wish to say that I
expressly declared that 1 did not object to giving
it attention, or to there being deb'ate upon it, if
gentlemen desired to discuss it. I objected to post-
ponement. That was all.
Mr. ELI OP. I move the previous question on
the motion to postpone.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
