2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
tion aside as out of order. Itis not in order. The
Senate has already acted upon the same proposi-
tion. It is the same old thing under a new alias.
The Senator, in bringing forward the second prop-
osition, simply changes postures on an uneasy
bed, and it seems to me that the Senate is not to
aid him. Under those circumstances 1 hope the
Senate will, without any debate, affirm the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator is very much
mistaken if he thinks that my posture is at ai!
uneasy. I think the posture of others is rather
uneasy; hence they want to withhold the inform-
ation. 3 can assure him that I am perfectly easy
in this matter. I do desire this information,
though I think it is legitimate; and I am aston-
ished that Senators should oppose it. In order
to show the Senate that I am not moving in this
matter with any petulant motive, or in any bad
temper, I wish to read an extract or two from
letters I have here, to show how my constituents
have been treated by this Secretary of State 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the decision of the Chair, and the debate
must be confined to that question.
JVlr. POWELL. I should like very much if
the Senate would indulge me in reading an ex-
tract from one or two letters, showing what the
action of the Secretary of State has been.
The PRESIDENTjno tempore. Senators will
confine their remaikstothe question before the
body.
Mr. POWELL. I will not infringe on the rule
without the consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate must
be confined to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will reverse
the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Thequestion
is,** Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate ?"
Mr. CLARK. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yens 34, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Me-Wsj. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Claik,
OoIIiuiht, Davu   Dixon, ftoolittle, Fe.^endew, Foster,
Giinn's Harlan, Ham*-, Howaid, flowc, Lane of Indiana,
JLaueoi Kansas, Latham, McDoiigall, Moirill, Nesnmh,
Pomcioy, Sherman, Simmons, Suinnei, Ten Hvck, Timn-
buil, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmof, Wilson oi Massa-
cluwn**, Wilson oi Missouj i, and Wnght—3-1.
NAY—Mr. Powell—1.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained;
and the question recurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. POWELL. I will take this occasion to
say what I was about to say a moment ago when
1 was held not to be in order. It is not my pur-
pose to enter again into a debate on this Subject;
but it has beet) intimated that the remarks 1 made
in legaid to the Secretary of State were rather
harsh. I admit that they were a little harsh, sir,
but f verily believe they were true. I hold in my
hand a let tor written to me by a very distinguished
gentleman of Kentucky, in which he recites on
interview that took place with the Secretary of
State concerning one of the prisoners from Ken-
tucky, ns given to him by Colonel Throop, a gen-
tleman of very high standing, and I beg to read
to the Senate an abstract fiom that letter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chains
obliged to call on the Senator from Kentucky to
suspend his remarks, as the morning hour having
expued tiio special order supersedes the further
consideiation of this resolution, and the special
order is the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. POWELL. I move that that bill be post-
poned for ten minutes. 1 do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate for more than ten minutes.
I wish to read an extract from this letter.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I trust that will be
allowed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent the Senator from Kentucky may proceed
with his remarks to their conclusion.
Mi. E^SENDEN. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky merely wants to read an extract from a let-
ter, I shall not object; but if he wants to do more
than that, 1 must insist upon going; on with the
Indian bill.
Mr. POWELL. All I want is to read this ex- i
tract and an extract from another letter. I shall '
not detain the Senate more than five minutes be- I
yond that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that may involve a
reply.
Mr.POWELL. Idonotknowhowthatmaybe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator can
hardly expect a vote now. Would it not be as
well to let it go over until to-morrow morning?
Mr. POWELL. I prefer to have the vote now.
I have been somewhat assaulted because it is said
1 spoke too hara&ly of the Secretary of State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being made, the Senator from Kentucky will pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. POWELL. I will read the extract from
the letter to which I have referred:
" While Colonel Stanton, of this city, was still a prisoner
at Fort La Fayette, his brother-in-law, Colonel Tlirooj>, em -
ployed (through my agency) Mr. Charles F. Mitchell, of
Flommg^burg, formerly a member of Congress from Now
York, and. as I knew, an intimate fnend and correspondent
of Seward's, to accompany him (Tinoop) to Washington,
to piomotc Colonel Stanton's jelease. Tliey were joined
at Washington by Frederick Stanton, a brother of Colonel
Stanton. The three called on Mr. Seward, TJnoop and
Stanton being introduced by Mitchell. Tltey opened their
mission by remaiking that they had called to see him in
reference to the Maysvihe prisoner. lie abttiptly leplied
that those pus-oners would not be released. Frederick
a*ked, 'what aic the chaises against inv brother?' Mr.
Seward replied,' theie are no chaises ncain-st him on file ;>
and added that the business of bis office ptessed him too
much to entertain inquiries or give explanations*. One in-
quired if it was hn purpose to keep citizens imprisoned
against whom no charges were made? lie answered, harsh-
ly, " I do not care a d—n whether they aie guilty or inno-
cent. 1 saved Maryland by similar anests, and so I mean
to hold Kentucky." To ibis it was lemarked, that theLe-
gislatuie and public sentiment of Kentucky were averse to
such arrests. 'I do not care a d—n for the opinion of Ken-
tucky,' he insultingly responded ; adding that what he re-
quired was to hold her in the Union and make her tight for
it; and then turning fietcely on Mitchell, demanded of him,
kwhy the hell are you not at home lighting traitors in-
stead of seeking their release heie?' This is the substance
of the interview as related to me by Colonel Tinoop "
I will say to the Senate that Mr. Frederick
Stanton told me a few days after it occurred this
very conversation, 1 will not say in these exact
words, but in substance, and I know Colonel
Throop to be as honorable a gentleman as lives
in Kentucky or any other State. I have also a
letter from a gentleman, whom I do not know,
written to me from Camp Chase. It is a long and
a very intelligent letter, wiitten by a man who
signs himself A. E. Eshelman, m which he says
that he was taken from the county of Bourbon
without charge; that he has been kept in prison
for seven months; that lie is a good Union man,
and that he has demanded all the time to know
what is the charge against him. I will not read
the letter to the Senate, as it is rather long; but
there is this indorsement on the letter:
Hon. L. W. Powell:
A. E Eshelman has been acting as ward master within
pt'tson hospital No. 0. lie is welt and welltieatcd. What
he states about himself is substantially true. I believe him
to be a true Union man.
Truly, L. C. BROWN,
Post Surgeon, Camp Chase, Ohio.
This is buta sample of the letters I receive from
my constituents, who say they are good Union
men, and arc innocent, and have been kept m
these prisons. This is but a sample to show the
way they have been treated by the Secretary of
State. All I ask is that we shall have this inform-
ation. I hope the vote will be taken, thatthe res-
olution will be adopted even in its present shape,
and that the President will give the information
which I seek.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
PACIFIC JIAILROAD.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I desire to inform the
Senate that, upon consultation, I hnve determined
that I will, in the morninghouron Tuesday next,
move^to take up the Pacific railroad bill, trusting
that Senators will examine the bill, so that we can
have action without discussion.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
260) making appropriations for the current and
contingentexpenses of the Indian depaitment and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1863, the
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wil-
son-, of Missouri, to insert the following:
To pay the Wyaudottes, who have petitioned Congress
at its prevent session, foi the same, $3J, 155 58, being the
amount due them for moneys discounted on bonds held in
trust for them by the United States, and interest, to be
paid to the heads of families in proportion to the number
of members of each family, respectively.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. This claim of
the Wyandotte Indians hasgrown out of a viola-
tion, on the part of the United States, of treaty
stipulations with that tribe. The United States
stipulated to pay them §100,000 in cash, and in-
stead thereof paid to them Tennessee bonds, and
these bonds were sold at a loss amounting to the
sum which is named in the amendment. As the
whole matter is very correctly set forth in the pe-
tition presented by the Wyandottes, I ask tnat
their petition be read for the information of the
Senate. Having examined the subject, I find that
the facts correspond with the representations
made in the petition.
The Secretary read the following petition:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled :
The Wyandotte tiibe ofindians, through their counsel, b}'
hvin P. Long, their attorney, represent:
That by the conditions of the first aiticle of the treaty
between said tribe and the United States, concluded at
Washington on the 1st day of ApiiJ, A. D. 1850, the United
States undertook and agreed, among other things, to invest
$100,000 in United States stocks for"said tribe, bearing five
per cent, interest per annum, and to pay to said tube the
said interest on said stocks so accruing, in the manner in
which the said United States paid to said tribe their then
pic^cnt aunuiucfi.
Your petitioner further represent that by the seventh ar-
ticle of the tieaty between said panics, made and con-
cluded at Washington on the 31st day of January, A D. 1855,
the said United Stares undertook and agieed to pay to said
tribe the said §100,000 so agreed to be invested as above
stated, together with any accumulation of said principal
sum, in like manner with the $380,000 mentioned in the
next preceding article of said la«t-mentioned treaty and in
two equal annual installments. Thatafternumerou^dclays,
the said ,•$380,000 were paid and distributed to the several
individuals composing said tribe. That at the time of the
execution of the last-mentioned treaty, the parties repre-
senting the tribe believed, and were made to understand,
that the said $100,000 were then invested in United States
five percent, stocks as stipulated in said fust-mentioned
treaty, and so believing, distnbuted all of the said $380,000,
lelymgon the piompt paymentot liie said $100,000 by winch
to liquidate the indebtedness of the nation. That the
money* received liom the sale of the public property under
the treaty provisions of 1850, were greatly insufficient to
meet the expenses of the nation. That the said nation tie-
quently called on the United States for the first installment
of the said $'100,000, and by letter of J. W. Denver, ofJan-
uaiy 10, A. D. 1859, weie for the first time informed that
said money had been reinvested in State stocks by the Um
ted States.
Your petitioner represent that said reinvestment was
made without the knowledge or consent of said nation.
That your petitioner then repiesemcd the facts of the ease
and necessities of the nation to several United States offi-
cers, and especially to the chairmen of the Committees on
Indian Afl.ura, and weie advised by them to leceive said
State <>toek* at their maiket value,"and if the said United
Slates would not pay the said sum in State stocks at their
maiket value, to leceive them at par under protest. And that
the said nation, by their attorney. II. M. Noitluup, on the
13th day of May, 1859, did leceive Tpimowco five per cents
$52,000,and Mis-ouusix pei cents$l,000,and United States
six per cent's $59-1 53, in p.ut payment lor said sum of
$100 000 as afoicgaid agreed to be paid. That at the tunc
of the leeeipt of the said State stocks thev were worth in
New Yoik and Washington no moic than $37,807 50, and
that said nation actually n*ceivcd uo more than $37,807 50
ior said State stocks, and foi the six percent United States
s{ocks$fi00, making matl$38,407 50, as willttppear by affi-
davit ot II. M. Northrup, lieictoannexed, maikedA. That
the said nation, by their attorneys, Irviu P. Long and Mat-
thew Mudcatei, siill acting undo the suggestions and ad\ toe
of said United States officers, on the 24th of March, 1850,
received, as above Mated, blocks of the State of Tennessee,
five per cents, $53,000, and that the highest market price
for said stocks m New York and Washington at that tune
was $41,870, and that they received no more for said stocks
than $-11,870 on sad second installment, as will appear by
affidavit of Matthew Mudcatei, hereto annexed, and maiked
B. That said stocks weie received by the said attorneys
by necessity at par value; but under piote&t duly filed m the
proper office at Washington, and with the full understand-
ing that any deficiency aiiMiigby depieciation of said stocks
would he restored to said tribe by act of Congress. That
the whole amount received on said $100,000 and accumu-
lations is $80,2/7 50, and that theic is due said nation
$25,722 50 of the principal sum, and interest on $14,593
horn May 13, 1659, and on $ii,130 from March 24, I860, at
five per cent., to the time of your final action on this peti-
tion.
They further represent that in consequence of the failure
on the part of the United States lo fulfill it^ said contract
with your petitioners, they have suffered great loss and
damage, and have actually paid for expenses of attorneys
and tor their tnne and services m getting said stocks, and
negotiating the same in maiket, $3,200.
And jour said petitioners in the; behalf chaige :
That the United State* violated the said treaty of 1850
m tins, namely : that after the investment of said $100,000
m United States five p,>r cent, stocky, the same was rein-
vested in State stocks by the United States without the
consent oi knowledge ot the said nation; and that at the
tune or the teaid wvtMmctit in tad State Mocks, the said
State stocks were greatly depreciated, and were on a long
time beioie matuiity, and that at the time of the execution
of the said treaty of 18,"55, the said United States, well
knowing that said investment was in depreciated State
stocks on long time, agreed to pay said sum and interest in
