1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
every member has given it the fullest consideration
and made up his mind as to the propriety of all
its details. If that be his idea, I wish to ask hirn
in his character as chairman of the'Military Com-
mittee of this House, how many of the important
bills which he reports, and after holding the floor
an hour or a fraction of an hour brings to thefinal
vote under the operation of the previous question,
bills involving the expenditure of enormous sums
of money, and affecting largely the interests of this,
and future generations—how many of these bills
would have passed this House or would pass be-
fore the end of the session, if they waited until
every member examined them in all their details,
and in all their bearings, and made up his mind
upon them ? These are all new measures, many
of them in the nature of amendments coming from
the Senate, not always even printed. Yet here
is a resolution so brief—the proposition so much
in a nutshell, that I submit with great respect that
no gentleman needs more time to make up his mind
definitely upon it than is sufficient to read it and
see how it squares with his preconceived views
and convictions of a matter which has been dis-
cussed until it is perfectly threadbare, which has
been held up to the light and kept under the mi-
croscope until every fiber has become as visible
as a sunbeam.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I say to the gentle-
man in the first place that I never called the pre-
vious question upon any measure in this House
without discussion.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that this discussion is not in order,
not being relevant to the issue before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can hardly see
how the question whether the gentleman from
Missouri called the previous question upon an
Army bill is pertinent to the postponement of this
bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My friend from
Missouri will be satisfied, from what is m order,
that I meant no criticism upon him. The point
I wished to present was, that no important hill
would ever be put upon its passage by lum or any
other gentleman if the rule of action hud been fol-
lowed, that no vote should take place until it had
been thoroughly examined in all its parts by every
member of the House, nor until every member
had made up his opinion upon it.
Now, sir, having said this much in vindication
of my own action, and of those whoso sentiments
I reflect in regard to this proposition, and having
agreed with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
as the condition on which f occupied the floor by
his politeness, to call the previous question, 1 trust
no offense will be taken if I insist upon that call,
which I do, on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for a moment, until I can move an amendment to
the motion to postpone.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Massachusetts I
will withdraw the demand for that purpose, and
yield the floor to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. STEVENS, f understand the motion pend-
in^to be to postpone until Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to postpone
until Monday next, and an amendment is {lend-
ing to change the time until Thuisday.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought the amendment
was accepted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Illinois to indicate his willingness
to permit the gentleman from Kentucky to""uffer
the amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That js what I said.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
modify his motion so as to make it to-moirow.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Make it Wednes-
day.
Mr. STEVENS. Wed nesday will suit me.
On Thursday the tax bill comes up, and unless it
is disposed ot before that time, it is impossible to
say when it will be considered, I merely-want to
say that Wednesday will give every man ample
time to consider it. I have read it over; and I
confess I have not been able to see what makes
one side so anxious to pass it or the other side wo
anxious to defeat it. I think it is about the most
diluted, milk and water gruel proposition that wixa
ever given to the American nation. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must again re-
mark that it is not in order to discuss the merits
of the resolution on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. The only reason
I can discover why any gentleman should wish
to postpone this measure is for the purpose of
having a chemical analysis to see whether there
is any poison in it. [Laughter.] I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Do I understand
the gentleman from Kentucky to accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. MALLORY. I did not.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not move it as an amend-
ment, because I supposed as many amendments
were already pending as the rules would permit.
The SPEAKER. An amendment is in oider.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, to postpone
until Wednesday.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to know what day the
tax bill has been assigned for?
The SPEAKER. Wednesday.
Mr. STEVENS. I was under the impression
it had been assigned until Thursday. I will change
my motion, then, until to-morrow, and now de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 326) to fulfill treaty stipulations with Han-
over; when the Speakei signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 11, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yestei day was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Henry
J. Gray, William Jenkins, and two hundred and
twenty-seven others, citizens of Andovcr, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for the total abolition of sla-
veiy throughout the country; which was ordered
to he on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Buf-
falo, New York, praying for the total abolition
of slavery tlnoughout the country; which was
ordered to lie on the fable.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented the petition of
William Holman and others, praying for mail
facilities between the Atlantic Statesand the States
of California and Oregon, by steam vessels, in ad-
dition to the overland mail; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a general
uniform bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COWAN presented resolutions of the City
Councils of the city of Philadelphia, praying for
an appropriation for the defenses of that city;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DIXON presented additional papers in re-
lation to the resolution foi the appointment of
Hon. Henry Barnard, of Connecticut, as regent of
the Smithsonian Institution; which were referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. POMEROY presented additional papers
in support of the claim of Lydia S. Hall; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
j Relations, to whom wete referred resolutions of
| the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of appro-
| pnate action for the relief of Ireland from the im-
| pending famine, and also similar resolutions from
I the Legislature of Kentucky, asked to be dis-
| charged from their further consideration; which
I was agreed to.
j He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a message of the President of the
United States, transmitting a copy of a dispatch
; to the Secretary of State from the minister resi-
i dent of the United States at Lisbon, concerning
recent measures which have been adopted by the
Government of Portugal intended to encourage
the growth and enlarge the area of the culture of
cotton in its African possessions, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting the correspondence of
the Department of State with the ministers of
Austria, and also of Prussia, relating to the cap-
ture and detention of certain citizens of the United
States, passengers on board the British steamer
Trent, by order of Captain Wilkes, of the United
States Navy, and also the correspondence of Mr.
Adams, our minister at London, with a letter
from Lord Russell to Lord Lyons, relating to the
same matter, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that the papers
of Mr. Adams, covering the letter of Lord Rus-
sell to Lord Lyons, be printed for the use of the
Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Hugh McKee,
Frederick Haun, and H. C. F. Hackbush, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered in survey-
ing the Delaware reserve lands in the State of
Kansas, ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Court
of Claims. It is peculiarly a case for the Court of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles Appl.'ton, piaying for arrears of pension,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be piinted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Smoot, one
of the heirs of Robert Speider, a soldier in the
war of 381^, praying for a pension and bounty
land, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the resolution (S.
1 No. 26) explanatory of a certain act therein men-
tioned, reported it with an amendment; and he no-
tified Senators that he would call it up at an early
day.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
1S9) for the survey of grants or claims of land,
reported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a joint
resolution (S. No. 65) to authorize the Secretary
of War to accept moneys appropriated by any
State for the payment of its volunteers, ana to ap-
ply the same as directed by such State; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LATHAM gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal all postal
laws or disabilities preventing a foreign steam-
ship company from carrying American freight and
mails fiom New York to Panama and from Pan-
ama to San Francisco.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, ti ansmittmg a report of the Superintend-
ent uf the Coast Survey, showing the progress in
that work for the year ending November 1,1861.
Air. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
! Printing:
I Resolved, Tliat then' be printed, in addition to the u«ual
• number, i-ix thousand two bundled copic< of tin; report of
1 the Supei intendent or the United States Ooa^t Suivey, of
winch twelve hundred shall be for the u^e of the Senate,
and five thousand copies for distnbution by the Superin-
tendent.
EUROPEAN RAILWAYS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Ptesident of the United States be re-
queued, if in hi* opinion u be not incompatible witli the
publie in leie=t«, to communicate to the Senate a copy of
any eoi respondence on the recoidsoi tiles of tiie Depart-
ment ot State, m regard to laihvay systems in Europe.
