3074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July 2,
ment together; and now it is proposed that the
Government shall make war on those banks, who
stood by it while they could, because they do not
pay specie. We are to say to them, " we will war
on you; you shall go under; we will put your head
under the war, and trample on it, because we have
the greateF'power; and you shall be the scapegoat
of this evil of not reedeeming in specie."
The gentleman seems to dwell a great deal on
the idea that the bank's right of issue is a fran-
chise and a property, and he says we get nothing
for it as a nation as a subject-matter of taxation.
I say wedo. In New England,New York, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania, the great body of the business
of the country is done upon the paper of the local
banks; it is on their circulation, and the body of
the country bank charters in that part of the Uni-
ted States are valuable only for their circulation.
I know it is not so with the large city banks. I
know in the western country, even as far as on the
Ohio, and in western Pennsylvania also, a great
deal is done by those banks by way of discount,
discounting paper,&c. Mr. President, outside of
the city of Boston, and two or three other cities,
there is not in the whole of New England—there
is not such a thing in the State of Vermont, there
is not such a tiling in the State of New Hamp-
shire—as a broker or banker doing-business on the
discounting of paper; notone. I doubt very much
■whether there are many to be found exceptin the
large cities. There may he some in Ohio. I am
not very well acquainted with the business there.
But, sir, the whole value of the banks in that por-
tion ofthe country,in which the people who know
the bonks perfectly have the utmost confidence and
reliance to-day and every day—the whole value
of their charters, of their franchise, consists in the
right of circulation. Now, how do we get any- '
thing irom that? We have just passed a tax bill,
by which we take, I believe! three per cent, on the
dividends of the profits of those banks. They are
to take that percentage out of all they make and
pay it to the United States Government, before
they make their dividends among tl>e stockhold-
ers. Every cent of that money that they malce,
they make by_the value of their circulation. Wo
tux it; we put it into our bill; and raise money 011
it. Now,! am told that the Government does not
get anything for the exercise of that franchise of
circulation. 1 say they do; and 1 think the gen-
tleman will find before ho gets through with iuit
will be one of the most successful incomes which
be hus in hia bill. Besides that, ovory rnuu who
is a stockholder in that bank is bound to pay a per-
centage on his income; and it is this very circula-
tion thatenables him to make an income; and thus
wo get a tax from it, twice.
But, Mr. President, there; is another more se-
rious matter at issue. 1 desire to know whether
any man considers we have already gone so far
down lull with this experiment as to say he does
not expect tins eountiy evet again to return to a
specie redemption; that-he (loos not expect this
Government ever again in its histoiy to pay any-
thing but paper; that there is never to lie a««m
such a thing in the country as a redeemable paper,
redeemable in gold nnd silver. Senators, are you
prepared for that? Are you ready for that' This
proposition says that, substantially. It is pro-
posed to annihilate the bank circulation; to have
the whole field to ourselves for the issue of this
paper which we will not redeem. If wc do that,
i should like to have some man tell me how we
are ever to redeem again? We are to have a cir-
culation peculiar to this nation, which can buy
nothing abroad, which cannot go in the commerce
of the world, which excludes us from connection
with the commerce ofthe world, and we are to be
an isolated people in relation to our pecuniary af-
fairs forever. If we come to that, we may, per-
imps, redeem this paper that we issue by lssuin0"
new paper; but as to ever redeeming it in anv other
way, it ismiot to be expectc-d.
Now, sir, I hope gentlemen will reflect on this
proposition to drive out the circulation of the
banks because they do not redeem in specie Let
us take a bank situated m central New York or
rfew England. Ihey have issued some paper.
They have lent it out to their people, and taken
security for it, notes, bills, &c. It circulates. By
and by this note or secuiuy, for which they o-ave
then- property, falls due. The owners of "that
paper take the United States notes, carry them
to the bank, and tender them in payment of that i
debt. The bank is bound to take them. They are
tenderable upon every dollar of debt that is due to
the bank. We have so provided in the law passed
at this session. Now, we propose to say to the
banks, " we are going to annihilate you; we are
going to close youup." " Whatfor? "Because
you do not redeem the notes that you have paid
out, in specie." They say, " have you nortviade a
law that compels us to receive your paper in pay-
ment?" " Yes; we have compelled you to take
this paper in lieu of gold, and now we bieak you
up because you do not pay in gold." There is
the plain Englishofit. Anybody can understand
that. I know that it is not every man in the com-
munity, however it may be with the honorable
Senator from Ohio, who can blink it and argue
it out of sight. All I can say is, that anything
that does it is sophistry. It may be very ingeni-
ous, but it cannot be sound. A man may believe
it to be; but if he does, he is the dupe of his own
sophistry. Clear it is that in our progress here,
we have made laws and are making laws to-day
to compel these banks to take this paper, and they
get nothing else; and bec&use they use our paper
to pay their notes with, we are to say to them,
" you shall go down,and shall not have yournotes
at all, because you do not pay specie that we will
not let you have." Thatisall there is about it.
Mr. President,! had hoped, after all the trouble
that has been on this subject, that I could see
through these banks, ultimately, a use by which we
may come at last at some time to be again a specie-
paying nation and people. These banks, so far as
1 know them as they exist in the country portion
ofthe United States, aie well founded, secure, re-
liable. The whole community view them to be so;
and they redeemed in specie till we compelled
them by our laws to take paper, so that they could
not get specie to redeem with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interrupt
my honorable friend, but I will ask him why they
suspended specie payments before the legal tender
clause went into effect.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman would
elaborate the suggestions I made half as ingeni-
ously as he does his own ideas, I have made sug-
gestions enough to answer that question. The
reason was this: the banks of the cities of Now
York, Philadelphia,and Boston united together in
the exercise of their patriotism 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me to
state that the majority of the banks, or the banks
having the hugest amount of capital, that made
those heavy loans, were those which issued very
little, if any, paper money. The banks that is-
sued the large amount of paper money, the country
batiks and western banks, furnished scarcely any-
thing at that time.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, those banks
o1 the cities and the banks ol the country work
together in the moneyed woild. They perfectly
understand each other. There is no such an-
tagonism as the gentleman seems to suppose.
1 hey understand each other. They anange all
thatmatterbetween themselves. I grant you when
those large city banks, with the largest invest-
ments, fail to redeem in specie, the country banks
(ail with them. They did so fail, but it was be-
cause the concern is a united one and constitutes
a unit and a whole. It does not matter where
these banks are situated, whether in villages in
New York or in New Hampshire, or Mame or
1 ennsylvama, or m the city of New York, or
i Juladelphia, or Boston, they all perfectly under-
stand the operations of each other, and woik to-
gether for their common purpose. Of course, the
country banks have not taken so many of these
is °n^"{>tcs- The banks of the cities took them
ail. i hey ail understood that, and arranged then*
business accordingly; and when they stopped pay-
ment of specie, they stopped payment because they
had taken this load on them, to be sure, through
tile active msti umentality of the largo institutions,
but it was opoMting on them all, all the while.
1 hey all went together. All went up together and
all went down together, and they will all redeem
together when they can, whenever things can be
so arranged that they may do so, unless, indeed,
they are throttled and strangled by this great in-
stitution here, and the very ingenious gentlemen i
wiio sustain it. J
Now, Mr. President, this undertaking to tax !
bank cii culation with the avowal of enmity and a '
determination to destroy them, seems to me to be
a very bad return for the patriotic exertions of
these institutions to help the country along; a very
hard return, a very unkind return. I do not
know but it is best for this Government to have
it distinctly understood that we will declare war
on all the moneyed institutions of the country;
but, sir, I do not see the soundness of its patriot-
ism, jfior do I see the soundness of its financial
principles.
I will not add more words on this subject now,
bccause all gentlemen who know anything about
my views, know that tcannot vote for the issuing
of tenderable paper, calling it gold and silver. I
think in so doing we have transcended our power.
I think we should have done just as well without
that clause. I think the country in the end would
have done infinitely better without it; but I was
out-voted, and 1 am not going to argue that over. '
That policy has been entered upon. It is a set-
tled system. I suppose it will go on. It can go
on without my feeble vote just as well as with it.
It is, therefore, a matter of no consequence how I
may vote about it. But, Mr. President, when I
predicted, and predicted it merely from the lessons
of history, that if you began the making of paper
money, and making it a tender, you would go on
in it rapidly until it must ultimately go down, I
did not think we should realize so much of history
m so short a time. I did not think we should so
soon have such a great increase. Do gentlemen
tell me we are encouraged to go on increasing,
because it goes well ? Does it go well ? We are
told by the honorable Senator from Ohio, to-day,
that gold is nine per cent, above par. What do
you mean > Above what? Above these tender
notes. Is it not about as good English to say that
the notes are nine per cent, below par? Taking
a common-sense view of it, should we not say
our paper is nine per cent, below par to-day, in-
stead of saying gold is nine per cent, above?
Gold and silver are the standard, the coin of the
commercial world; and anything that cannot go
current with them is below par; and you cannot
get rid of that by blinking it out of sight, and
saying gold and silver are above par. It is nothing
more nor less than an attempt to evade the true
character of the transaction. The paper is below
par.
I do not say it has got below par quite as rap-
idly as might be expected; but the more you push
out, the more it goes below; and as the history of
the world shows, by and by you will feel it in the
price of property for which you receive it. Every
time it depreciates it demands more money. It'
gentlemen are to guide themselves in their course
of duty as Senators by whatls called ascertaining
the ulterior bias of public opinion; if that is the
guide ol duty; if you are to ascertain what you
had better do by asceitaming what the people call
for, instead of asking yourself what they ought
to call for; if you arc to look about to see whether
the people demand such a thing, instead of seeing
what they ought to demand, 1 believe they will
always demand an increase of paper. We have
the experience of Prance and other Governments
in issuing paper in this way. They willgo on, and
demand more of it as they require more to buy
the same amount of property. They will, from
time to time, demand more of it as the necessity
arises, and the necessity grows out of the very
nature of the thing. I believe, in the case ofthe
Continental paper, it continued until it was sev-
enteen hundred toone,and itwasa little over three
thousand to one befoie they called it no motley at
all. When it requited four times as much of this
money to buy a barrel of flour as it ordinarily
would in gold, then they would require four times
its much to get along with. They always have
demanded it, and they always will demand it, and
in the very nature of things they must demand it.
1 did not think it would come quite so quick as it
has, that we should have a proposition to increase
it by doubling it in less than four months. Going
on at the same rate, in ten years we shall have 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend had made a
calculation about it and read this bill carefully, he
would see that he is mistaken in regard to the facts
as they exist. In the liist place, we intended to
authorise a if issue of $150,000,000 of Treasury
notes. That was the sum fixed. Sixty millions
of dollars of those notes were receivable in pay-
ment of customs; these are not. The result has
been that up to this time there are $50,000,000 of
thosenotes out. They have not come in.
