1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3075
Mr. COLLAMER. Not so much as that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that $10,000,000
have come in. The result has been, in fact, to give
the Secretary the use of only about $100,000,000
instead of $150,000,000 of these notes. They are
in the people's pockets. Many people have laid
them aside as sure at any time, as good as gold
and perhaps better. The result is, instead of giv-
ing the Secretary the use of $150,000,000 by the
first issue, we have given him but $100,000,000.
Now,itis necessary, orsupposed to be necessary,
that we should enable him to have $50,000,000 to
meet that difficulty. Healso desires—and on con-
sideration I see no reason why he should not have
it—the use of $95,000,000 of small notes for many
purposes, especially for the payment of soldiers
and things of that sort. The only question was
whether we should strike that out; but being en-
tirely satisfied that that amount would be absorbed
immediately and would not add materially to the
circulation, we were willing to add it. That is all
that is in fact to be used; for the Senator will ob-
serve that $75,000,000 of the amount proposed in
this bill are only to be used in a certain contin-
gency; and that is, in case these thirty days' de-
posits, which may be withdrawn at any time on
giving ten days'notice, should be called for unex-
pectedly and there are no funds to meet it, the Sec-
retary is to have power to issue as many of these
notes as may be necessary for that purpose. It is
really and truly an addition of $75,000,000.
Now, let me remark to the Senator that these
notes are absolutely out of use,and cannot be had.
Where they are gone, we cannot tell. Many of
them are on deposit in the sub-Treasury at four
and five per cent. Many of them are in circula-
rs tion abroad. Many of them are in the banks, and
are used for the purpose of forming a basis of issue
and circulation. Many of them are used in large
sums instead of checks in the cities. The result
is they cannot be had. When a man goes to a
bank to withdraw his money, he cannot get the
Treasury notes; he only gets bank notes. I do
not think, therefore, that this bill, guarded as it is,
will matei ialI y affect the circulation of those notps.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am much obliged to the
gentleman for his interruption; but if he had no-
ticed my former expression he would have found
that my objection was not so much to the bill as
he has amended it* as it was to the claim made
upon us by the Department. I said they claimed
of us to issue §150,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN". But it was predicated on
a letter from Mr. Chase, desiring it and explain-
ing the reasons for it, and now I only give the
reasons.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that. The
only reason given by the Department for desiring
the issue of more notes was the fact that the first
issue of between fifty and sixty millions being re-
ceivable in payment of customs, was kept to be
used for that purpose, and was now out of circula-
tion. That js the statement on which the sub-
stance of the letter is founded. That may furnish
a good reason for the Department to ask us to let
them fill up the gap caused by these other notes
being kept out ot circulation for that purpose, and
there it should have ended. But so far from lim-
iting his claim to make up that amount of be-
tween fifty and sixty millions, under the color of
the necessity for between fifty and sixty millions
more, we are asked for $150,000,000. That is the
situation of the letter; that is the situation of the
claim. He gave, to be sure, as a reason, that it
was necessary temporarily on accoltnt of those
notes which are receivable in payment of customs
being kept out of circulation. He wanted a sup-
ply to meet that; but that issue is good just for
that amount, and no more. It is used, however,
not merely to ask for that amount, but double that
amount, triple that amount. That does not ex-
plain it, does not meetit. it docs not show a case
covering the extent of the claim, nor a third of it.
In the next place, Mr. President, I do not pro-
fess to be skilled in the formula of financiering;
but there is to rne something very strange about
this deposit. When this subject of the issue of
Treasury notes was upbefore, it was provided that
they might take m on deposit Treasury notes of
people who chose to deposit them, and allow in-
terest on them not exceeding five per cent, when
they would deposit them, with the right to demand
them in ten days. It was said that that was bor-
rowing money cheap; that all of these notes de-
posited there the Treasury could take and use,
and as they used them and paid but five per cent.,
and afterwards reduced it to four, it was borrowing
money at a comparatively low rate. Those people
who had quantities of these Treasury notes, and
had not any occasion for their use in the embar-
rassed condition of commerce and the country, put
them on deposit and received this four per cent.,
subject to their claim that they might demand them
at any day, and very considerable sums came in in
tkat way. I remember when that subject was up
before, 1 asked the bono ruble chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, our chancel lor of the exchequer,
if the notes were deposited, and he was subject to
be called upon in ten days for them, what he was
going to pay them with when called on. The hon-
orable Senatorsaid he was not prepared to answer.
Afterwards I gotasortof answer in his remarks on
another day, that the Treasury, by experience,
would know how much would probably be de-
manded each dayand would keep so much ready.
That the said would be the way, just as banks issue
on deposit subject to draft. They know what the
average of deposits is and the drafts going out, and
issue on them,and he supposed this would be as-
similated to that. Now, suppose it were necessary
to keep one third of these notes on deposit for the
purpose of meeting the demand. One hundred
millions are deposited under this bill. He keeps
$33,000,000 of it in hand, and uses $06,000,000.
He pays four per cent, upon $100,000,000 and gets
the useof but$66,000,000. Is thatgettingitcheap?
Would it not be better to let them take the bonds
of the Government, a permanent loan of twenty
years, and not be subject to be called on every ten
clays, and keep money on hand to deal with ?
1 do not know but that is wise policy and fine
financiering and^making money, but the difficulty
is I cannot comprehend it. That may be infirmity,
and not the defect of the system; but it looks very
much like that to me. If a man undertakes to con-
vince mo that when he takes $100,000,000, keeps
$33,000,000 in Ins pocket to meet demands, and
uses two thuds, and pays interest on the wholes
amount, he is doing business at a cheap rate, 1
do not know but that, with my understanding of
things, I shall finally be befogged in it, just as the
old story relates that a man was in selling whisky
and crackers. A fellow came in his store and got
a glass of rum. He then called for half a dozen
crackers; but ho concluded, on the whole, he had
better take another glass of rum, instead of the
crackeis, which he returned. "Now," said the
man, "X want you to pay me for the rum."
"Why,*' said he, "I paid you in crackers."
"Then pay me for the crackers." "You have
got them in your drawer." " Wellsaid the
landlord, " 1 don't know but it is all light; but it
don't seem to me as if 1 was paid, after all."
[Laughter.] This proposition does not seem to
me to be right, after all, take it justas you please.
If you turn to this bill, it grants the right to
issue $150,000,000 of Treasury notes; then it pro-
vides that $75,000,000 of them shall be kept back,
and shall not be used until such a demand shall
come as 1 have mentioned on the deposits, which
are put there when the men have no means of
using the money. To my mind it makes no sort
of difference whether, when the $100,000,000 is
deposited, he keeps back $75,000,000 of it to re-
deem them with, and uses $25,000,000, or whether
he takes the $100,000,000 and uses them, and
keeps back $75,000,000 of the amount allowed m
this bill. It is just as broad as it is long, unless
it is the expense of making the paper. Money
cannot be made by any such contrivance of finan-
ciering as that; it is impossible.
1 have said this much, not so much in relation
to the bill itself, which I suppose will pass, of
course, but I was induced to make these remarks
upon it m answer to this acknowledged, open,
and declared war upon the banks of my country.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, we always
receive instruction fiom the Senator from Ver-
mont, and in much that he has said, I agree. As
to the deposit system on which he comments, I
agree with him perfectly. I believe it is a very
bad system, and I thought from the beginning
that it was a very absurd mode of financiering.
It was adopted after considerable debate in the
Senate. I believe now it is unwise, and ought to
be abandoned. But there is this about it: under
the previous law, various parties have deposited
in New York and other cities about fifty million
dollars at between four and five per cent. Now,
supposesomesudden event should occur by which
these depositors, like all other depositors in a
safety fund, should have a panic, and make sud-
den demands for this money, how shall they be
paid? There is no provision to pay them. The
Government must pay them in some way, and it
has stipulated that it will pay them. It is a de-
posit, payable on demand at the end of ten days,
and the Government must pay them. As a mat-
ter of course, it is the duty of the Government to
do the best it can. If it cannot pay in gold and
silver, it must provide Treasury notes. Seventy-
five millions of the $150,000,000 authorized by this
bill are not to be issued at all, except they are
called for to pay those deposits. That is the best
feature of the bill. In this way we provide a
mode of paying for those deposits; but if no bill
is passed on the subject, and the Secretary is sud-
denly called upon to refund this money, he can-
not do it.
^By the provisions of this bill, as it is now
amended, $75,000,000 of the $150,000,000 are not
to be issued except in a certain contingency. That
contingency, in my judgment, is not likely to hap-
pen, because the depositors themselves are inter-
ested against the issue of more Treasury notes;
and rather than recall their deposits, unless they
arc very much pressed, they will not call for the
issue of these additional Treasury notes. But in
case the deposits shall be called for, the Secretary
should have some means on hand to meet the calls.
That was the view which infienccd the commit-
tee in recommending this change, and reserving
$75,000,000, instead of one third of the whole de-
posit, or $30,000,000, as the House proposed.
As to what the Senator says about the danger of
increasing the amount of Treasury notes, I agree
with him. I see no immediate and pressing neces-
sity for the issue of these additional $150,000,000
of Treasui y notes, and therefore I have felt in-
clined to oppose the bill; but as I have stated,
$75,000,000 arc not to be issued unless to meet the
deposits, so that the increase provided for by this
bill is really only $75,000,000. Now, it was said
to us by the Secretary of the Treasury that
$50,000,000 of the old demand notes are hoarded,
and are, therefore, not in circulation; but 1 have
no doubt, and I can assure liirn that they will come
in very soon. They are receivable in payment of
duties. No specie is received for duties, and these
notes will be paid in from time to time as mer-
chants require them to pay duties, and they will
be bought up by banks and speculators and mer-
chants, and be held for the payment of duties.
It may take a year to exhaust them in that way;
but they will come in.
There is another important privilege attached
to the old demand notes: they are fundable at any
time in twenty years six per cent, bonds; and a
twenty years six per cent, bond is now worth par
in specie, or some ten per cent, premium above
the legal tender Treasury notes. I have no doubt
that the whole of the old issue of the demand
notes will be converted in a very short time, either
in the payment of duties or in the long twenty
years bonds. Having these important privileges,
and being for this reason better than the recent
issue of Treasury notes, they are withdrawn from
circulation, and are not now a part of the actual
currency of the country; so that what the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance says is true,
that, instead of $150,000,000 being now in circu-
lation, we have at most but $90,000,000 in cucu-
lation; and these notes are actually kept out of
circulation by the depreciated bank paper of the
country; and every issue you make increases that
tendency. Here comes the point where my fuend
from Vermont and I separate. He is in favor of
keeping up the local bank paper and not issuing
any more United States paper. Now, suppose
that course should be adopted: what would be the
lesult? If the course recommended by the Sen-
ator from Vermont should be'udopted, we should
soon be in the same difficulty that we were m three
or four months ago, when he opposed the issue
of all United States paper money; that is to say,
we should have no money whatever to pay the
current demands of the Government.
When the honorable Senator opposed the first
issue of legal tender notes, he did not provide any
other remedy, and ifhisadvice had been followed,
the Government, within ten days from that time,
would have been unable to pay its current ex-
