1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
semi-annual installtnents, thereby continuing ihe belief of
your petitioner that the said sum was invested In United
States five, per cent, s-torks, which your petitioners Fay
were worth a premium at that time, and (hereby over-
reached and deceived your petitioners ; and that the United
Stairs violated the seventh article of the treaty ot 1865, m
not paym? the said $100,000 as therein stipulated. That
in consequence of the aforesaid acts, and want of good
fuith, and violation of treaty stipulations by the said United
States, your petitioners have suffered great loss, damage,
and expend, amounting in all to $28,9<>2 50, and interest,
as aforesaid.
Whereupon your pytitioneis pray that your honorable
body will appropriate &uch a sum of money as is just and
right in the premises to cover the aforesaid losses and ex-
penses m presenting tiie same.
Your petitioner'? further represent that by the sixth ar-
ticle ot the treaty of the 31st January, 1855, the United
States agreed to pay to the Wyandottes $380,000 in three an-
nual installments payable in October of each year, com-
mencing iu October, 1855, and that m violation of this
agreement the United States paid but one half of the firat
Installment in October, 1855, and the other half six months
thereafter, and in October, 1856, only one half of the install-
ment then due was paid, and the balance six months there-
after, and your petitioners being the lowers thereby, deem
it but just and right that they should have interest on
the amounts thus illegally withheld, and therefore claim
$3,799 98 as such interest.
Implicitly relying on the justice and magnanimity of
Congress, I remain your most obedient servant,
1RVIN P. LONG.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the point on this
amendment, that it is evidently a private claim,
and cannot be offered on this appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Thatisa proper
question for the decision of the Senate. The Chair
avails'himself of the authority, under the rules of
the Senate, to submit the question of order to the
Senate; and the first question is, "Shall this amend-
ment be received as in order under the rules of the
body
Mr. POMEROY. I will simply remark that
this is not a claim for an individual. It is not an
individual private claim, unless the whole Wyan-
dotte nation may be considered as a private indi-
vidual.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that whether a thing is a private claim under
the rule does not depend on whether it is for a
private individual or not, but merely whether it is
a claim of a private nature.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice in the amendments
that have already been acted upon that there are
distinct appropriations for distinct tribes, and they
were all private claims, if this one can be so ruled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were not put upon
that ground, but upon the ground of expediency,
as matters of necessity.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand the amend-
ments acted upon yesterday, they were distinctive
for each tribe, and I supposed each tribe or each
nation might appropriately have an appropriation
for its benefit moved as an amendment to the gen-
eral appropriation bill. If the ruling is different
in this case, it may be bccause these men are cit-
izens; they are not Indians any more. I have no
doubt in regard to the facts stated in the memo-
rial. If it is not out of order, I should be glad to
make a statement giving the reasons why this
claim should be allowed; but if the whole claim
is out of order, I shall not do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feci inclined to
go into a discussion of the nature of the claim,
though I would remark to the Senate that it is
evidently a matter that ought to be very thor-
oughly investigated by a committee in the first
place. It involves questions of law as well as
questions of fact; and in my judgment it would
be very unsafe for the Senate to pass upon it in
the shape in which it comes before us. But a
private claim is expressly excluded by the rule
by name from the consideration of the Senate on
an appropriation bill. This is evidently nothing
more than a private claim. It relates, perhaps,
to a multitude of individuals instead of one indi-
vidual. That makes no difference, I apprehend,
and it has been so expressly ruled,over and over
again, in the Senate, since 1 have been here, that
that does not change the character of it at all.
Mr. FOSTER. Even where it is a claim for a
State ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Even a claim for a State
has been held to be a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have the 30th rule of the Senate, pertaining
to this point, read.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows;
"30. No amendment pioposing additional appropriations
fchall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
It be made to carry out tile provisjonsof some existing law
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate,
during that session,, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or m pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of &ome of the Departments; and no
amendments shall be received whose object is to provide
for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This deficiency grows
out of a treaty stipulation unquestionably, and
has been acted* upon by a standing committee of
the Senate, and has been recommended by the
Department of the Interior. The facts are, that
under the treaty made with those Indians we act-
ually invested $100,000 for them in United States
bonus. Afterwards, the officers of the Govern-
ment took those bonds from the place where they
weredeposited and exchanged them forTennessee
bonds, without the consent of the Indians. It is
to carry out a treaty stipulation; and unless we
ignore entirely the action of the Government dur-
ing the last Administration, we should adopt this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very likely that it
is a just claim, and that is the case with hundreds
of other claims. The distinction made in the Sen-
ate by the rules of this Senate is this: that these
claims, however just, however pressing, shall not
be put upon these general appropriation bills.
That rule was made for a very good reason, and
we have always suffered when it has not been
adhered to. Now, sir, this amendment is not to
carry out a treaty stipulation. The treaty stipu-
lation was performed. The investment was made
in bonds of the United States. That closed the
treaty stipulation.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Maine is mistaken in that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The petition says so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The money was to
be paid in a certain specified time, $,100,000, with
five per cent, interest. By the change of these
bonds the Government failed to do it; and this is
to carry out that treaty stipulation, to pay the
money that the Government failed to pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The treaty stipulation
was that $100,000 should be invested in the bonds
of the United States for the benefit of this tube.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will state that
by a subsequent treaty that provision was modi-
fied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as it was modified,
it was performed; but by the conduct of other
persons, or persons connectcd with the Govern-
ment, they were deprived of the benefit of it, as
they allege. That may all be, and it may be the
subject of a just claim upon the Government of
the'Umted States; but it does not bung it within
the rule. What I contend for is that these mat-
ters should be Ucptdistinct, and notcrowded upon
the appropriation bills. That is what 1 have been
contending for for a long time, and I make the point
always, unless it escapes me accidently, where I
see or believe it can be made with effect. If the
rule is adhered to, it will save time, and will save
the immature consideration of subjects.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. By the seventh
article of the treaty of 1855, between the Wyan-
dotte nation and the United States, it is provided
that—
•' The jum of §100,000, invested under the treaty of 1850,
together with any accumulation of said principal sum, shall
be paid over to the Wyandotte*, in like manner with the
$380,000 mentioned m the ne.\! pieceding article, but in
two equal annual installment':, commcnciug one year after
the payment of the la->t annual installment of s>aul above-
mentioned sum. In the mean time, the mtere^ton the said
invested fund, and on any accumulation theieof, togKher
with the amount which shall be leaiized hom the disposi-
tion of the ferrv and the land connected therewith, the sale
of which is provided ior m the second article of thuagiee-
ment, shall be paid over to the Wyandotte council, and
applied and expended, by regular appi epilation of the legis-
lative committee of the Wyandotte nation, for the support
ot schools, and for other purposes of a stuctly national or
public character."
Now, the view I took of this matter was, that
in fact this treaty had not been complied with;
that it had been violated by the United States; and
that these people had a right to the sum mentioned
in the amendment which I have proposed, for the
reason that the United States actually paid them
that much less than the treaty requited should be
paid to them at that time. Hence, I think the
treaty has not been complied with by the United
States; and therefore I do not consider this a pu-
vate claim, for it rests upon a treaty stipulation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think gentlemen erria
their construction of the rule, The object of this
provision of the rule th^t these claims shall be to
carry out an existing law or a treaty stipulation
is to meet cases, as the Senate are willing to meet
them, which are certain io their nature. For in-
stance: if a treaty stipulation'provides. that a cer-
tain amount of money shall be p$itl at a specific
time, and it has not been paid, and the provision
is plain in its terms, and the sum fixed and cer-
tain: or a law provides the same thing, then it
may come under the rule; for that is to comply
with a treaty stipulation, in terms. But the rule
does not apply to making good any damages aris-
ing from a failure to comply with a treaty stipu-
lation which is uncertain in its nature and requires
investigation. That is the distinction. Where
a treaty stipulation is plain and positive, and has
not been complied with, and you comply with it
by the appropriation of rqoney, that is one thing;
but where it has been partly performed or badly
performed, and a claim for damages arises, then
an appropriation to make good those damages is
not an appropriation to carry out a treaty or to
carry out a law. That is another question en-
tirely. I will not undertake to say, because I do
not know—I dare say it is true—that this treaty
stipulation has not been properly complied with;
but it has been partially complied with; things have
been done under it; questions arise in regard to it;
and this appropriation is in the nature of damages
for not complying with the treaty stipulation as
it ought to have been. That is the character of
it; and that is not what is meant to be included by
the rule. Under such a latitudinarian construction
as that, we might admit anything in the shape of
damages for not doing what we are bound bylaw
or treaty to do. That is not what is meant; but
it is an appropriation to perform it specifically
according to its provisions.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It seems to me that
this amendment does come within the rule fixed
by the Senator from Maine himself. Suppose
the Government, instead of paying $65,000 on a
treaty stipulation to pay $100,000, had not paid a
dollar. If they had not paid a dollar, it would
have been a good public claim; but because they
paid $65,000, it is said that brings the amendment
within the rule.
In reply to another suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from Maine, I will say there never has been a
claim more thoroughly examined by any commit-
tee of the Senate than this claim has been by the
Committee on Indian Affairs. It has been exam-
ined thoroughly, and the committee have come to
the conclusion that it is to supply a deficiency
under a treaty stipulation, the Government hav-
ing agreed to pay $100,000 and only having paid
$65,0(30. This subject was discussed before the
committee. Sixty-five thousand dollars having
been paid by the Government under the treaty
stipulation, and it appearing there were $35,000 yet
to be paid, we decided that it came within the rule,
and is not a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is," Shall this proposed amendment be received as
in order under the rules of the Senate
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to say a word upon
that question alone as to whether this amendment
comes within the 30th rule of the Senate. This
money is claimed to be due to a few private indi-
viduals. It is therefore due to private persons. It
is a claim past due. If due at all, it was due at the
time of making the second tieaty in 1855. It is,
therefore, a claim due to piivate individuals not
less than seven years old. It is not to carry into
execution an existing law- Itis to pay a pastdebt
that has been existing against the Government,
according to the statement of the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri, for seven years, and the same
demand could have been made upon Congress at
liny time within the last seven yrars to pay this
debt. ,
But, in addition to that, it appears from the
statement made here that the Government agents
claim that they have paid it. H is true the In-
dians claim that it was paid in depreciated bonds,
and therefore it was not a legal payment. But
they have a right to sue the parties for damages
for not paying in the kind of money prescribed
by law, or paying in depreciated paper. It is a
claim growing out of a fraudulent misuse and mis-
application of bonds belonging to these Indians.
