1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
to carry its provisions into effect; and the regis-
ters and receivers of the several land offices shall
be entitled to rcccive the same compensation for
any lands entered under the provisions of the act
that they are now entitled to receive when the
same quality of land is entered with money, one
half to be paid by the person making the appli-
cation at the time of so doing, and the other half
on the issue of the certificate by the person to
whom it may be issued; provided that nothing
contained in the act shall be so construed as to
impair or interfere in any manner whatever with
existing preemption rights; and provided further
that all persons who may have filed their appli-
cations for a preemption right prior to the passage
of the act shall be entitled to all privileges of the
act.
_ The seventh section provides that all commis-
sioned and non-commissioned officers, musicians,
or privates, who have performed or who shall
hereafter perform military service under the procla-
mation of the President of the 15th of April, 1861,
orany of the acts of the firstsession of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, or uuder any acts which may
hereafter be passedby Congress during the present
war with States in rebellion against the Federal
Government, -or war with any foreign nation
during the same; and all militia, volunteers, or
State troops of any description, of any State or
Territory, who have performed or who shall here-
after perform any military service in aid of the
Federal Government, or in defense of their own
State or Territory, against armed forces in rebel-
lion against the Federal Government; and also
every officer, commissioned and non-commis-
sioned, seaman, ordinary seaman, flotilla man,
marine, clerk, and landsman, who have performed
or who shall hereafter perform servicc in the Navy
of the United States, in the presentwar or in any
foreign war during the same, shall be entitled to
the right of homestead secured by the act, any
limitation hereinbefore contained to the contrary
notwithstanding; provided, however, that as to all
persons performing service in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, in the present war, or in any foreign war
during the same, the benefits of the act shall be
in lieu of prize money and all other extra allow-
ances; and provided farther, that all teamsters and
wagon masters who have been or shall hereafter
be employed underdirection of competentauthor-
ity in the present war, or any foreign war during
the same, shall be entitled also to the rightof home-
stead secured by the act.
The eighth section provides that in lieu of
bounty land grants, each of the three months'
volunteers, officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, called into military ser-
vice under the pioclamation of the President of the
15th of April, 1861, and who have performed ser-
vice during the period of three months, or been
honorably discharged within that period, and the
widow, if there be one, and if not, then the legal
heirs, of all such three months' volunteers as shall
have died or been killed in service during said
term, shall, in addition to the right of homestead
secured by this act, be entitled to receive from the
Treasury of the United States the sum of thirty
dollars. And all commissioned and non-commis-
sioned ojficers, musicians, and privates of volun-
teers entitled, in pursuance of the act of July 22,
1861, who shall have served for a period of not
less than six months, or have been honorably dis-
charged within that period, and the widow, if there
be one, and if not, then the legal heirs, of such as
die or may be killed in service, shall be entitled j
to receive the $100 provided for by said act of July i
22, 1861, in addition also to the right of home- I
stead secured by this act; provided, that in case >
of the death of any person entitled to the said j
bounties, after the accruing of his light thereto by j
his honorable discharge or by the expiration of!
Ins term of scivice, the widow, if there be one, j
and if not, then the legal heirs,shall have the right ;
to receive the same; and provided further, that in j
no case sh.ill the said bounties be liable to be taken :
for the debts of either the person originally entitled |
to the same, or his widow or legal heirs in case i
of his death; and also that the pay of the private j
soldier, seaman, or marine shall in no case be ,
liable to be taken lor his debts, or the debts of his |
widow or legal heirs in case of his death. |
The ninth section provides that the proof of1
sen ice to entitle any one to the right of homestead ]
secured by this act, by reason of having performed 1
service as hereinbefore limited and expressed,
shall be the same as now provided for by the sev-
eral existing laws granting bounty lands to sol-
diers.
The tenth section provides that the period dur-
ing which any one performing service within the
meaning of this act may have been held as a pris-
oner of war shall be reckoned a part of his actual
service in ascertaining whether such person is
entitled to the benefits of this act.
The eleventh section enacts that no claim for
these bounties shall be assignable or transferable
in any manner whatever until the same shall have
been ascertained and allowed by the proper De-
partment; and all sales, mortgages, contracts, or
agreements, of any nature whatever, made prior
thereto, for the purpose or with intent of alien-
ating, pledging, or mortgaging any such claim,
are declared and are to be held null and void.
Mr. HOLM AN. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be offered
in the presentstage of the bill. The question pend-
ing is on a motion to recommit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move then to recommit with
instructions to reoort the following amendment:
Stuko out the eighth section of the bill, and insert:
Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions of an act
entitled u An act in addition to certain acts granting bounty
lands lo certain ofTiceis ;uid soldier? who have been engaged
in the military service of the United State*," approved
March 3,1855, shall extend to and be eonstiued to embrace
the otlicci Sj soldiers, and seaman who have been engaged in
the militaiy or naval service of the United States since the
12th day of April, 1881, or who shall be engaged in such ser-
vice dunng the present war: Provided, kowerer, That no
officer, soldier, or seaman shall be entitled lo the benefit of
said act unless he shall have been engaged in the service
aforesaid for a period ot not less than sixty days, or been hon-
orably dischaiged on account of wounds leeeived, or sick-
ness ineutred while in the line of his duty in such service :
Provided fmther, Thatthe widow* and children of officers,
soldier*, and seamen who shall die from wounds received,
or sickness incurred, while m the service of the United
States as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the benefit of said act.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I now ask*thatthe first sec-
tion of the act of March 3, 1855, may be read.
PAPERS ORDERED TO BE PRINTED.
Mr. WASHBURNE. While the Clerk is look-
ing for the law, 1 ask that certain papers referred
to the Committee on Commerce, relating to a bill
pending before them, may be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. While the Clerk
is finding the law, I ask to have a clerical or typo-
graphical error in the eighth section of the bill cor-
rected. The fourteenth line now reads, " officers,
musicians, and privates entitled in pursuance of
the act of July '22.I move that the woid. " enti-
tled" be stricken out, and the word " enlisted"
inserted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I merely wish to say in rela-
tion to this bill, that it was the wish of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands that the bill should be put
on its passage unless there should be adisposition
manifested on the part of the House to discuss it, I
in which event they arc willing that a reasonable j
time should be allowed for discussion. ;
Mr. HOLMAN. I now ask that the first sec- ;
tion of the act of 1855, to which I have referred, i
be read. j
The Clerk read, as follows: |
'•'Thai eaeh of the surviving commissioned and non-com-
missioned officer-, musician-^. and private--, whether of reg-
ular.*, -volunteers nuiger-, or militia, who were loaulaily ,
mulcted into the sef\ ice of the United Slate-, and every :
ofiieei, consmi-Moned or non-commissioned, seaman, ordi-
nary seaman, flotilla man, marine, clerk, and landsman in ■
the Navy, in any of th^ wais in which tins country lias 1
been engaged since H9J. and eaeh of the smvivuis of the
militia or volunteer*, or Slate hoops of any State oi Teirt-
toiv, called into military service and regularly mu*teiod i
tlieiein, and whose services have been paid by the United 1
States, shall bo entitled to lcctne a ceititicate or wairant
fionithe Depaitmeni of the Interioi for one bundled and
sixt} acies of land; and wheie any of those who have* so i
been nm-teicd into s"ivice and paid, ^ball have iceeived j
a ceititicate or wanantJie shaU he entitled to a eeitificate |
or warrant foi such quantnv of land as will make in the i
whole, with what he may have heretofoie loceived, one j
hunched and sixty acre-* to each such peison having served i
a* aforesaid P/oiidcd, The person <o having been in ser- !
vice shall not leceive *aid land warrant if it shall appear !
by the inu*ter-iolls ot hi-1 eminent ot eorp* that hedeseired '
oi \\a- dishonoiablv di"Tcho>god liom seiviee. PiovU'ed
fin ther. That the benefits of t hi* section shall be held to ex-
tend to wagon-ina^ter* and teanisteis who ma\ have been
employed under ducction oi competent authority in time ot i
war, m the transportation of military stores and supplies." I
Mr. HOLMAN. The effect of the amend ment
which I have submitted to the House, is to adopt
the provisions of the entire first section of the act
of 1855 which has been read, which is, in fact, a
general bounty land act.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana if it is not a fact that we already,
under existing law, give $100 bounty to each sol-
dier at the close of the war, which bounty was
not given to the soldiers of the Mexican war;
and whether that §100 is not better for the soldiers
than the bounty land given to the soldiers of the
Mexican war?
Mr. HOLMAN. Itistrue,thatunderthelegis-
lation of the last session of Congress the soldier
who continues in service for two years in the pres-
ent war is entitled to $100 bounty, but this does
not apply to the three months'men, and it does not
apply to a very large class of others in the service
who will not be able to continue in service for the
full term of two years.
Mr. POTTER. If the gentleman will pardon
me, I will say that there is a provision reported in
this bill conferring thirty dollars bounty upon the
threemonths'mcn, which makes provision in this
respect for the class of soldiers not entitled to the
§100 provided by the act of July last.
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR..
Mr. SEDGr^VICK. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I desire to have corrected a clerical error
in one of the amendments adopted yesterday to
Senate bill No. 82, to promote the efficiency ofthe
Navy. The word " or" in the third line of the
last amendment should be transferred to the fourth
line immediately precedingthe word " employes."
There being no objection, the correction was
made.
HOMESTEAD BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the condition
of the legislation of the country upon this subject
to be, that the soldiers who are enlisted into the
service of the United States, and continue in ser-
vice for a term of two years, under the legislation
of the last session pf Congress, are entitled to re-
ceive §100 each bounty. It is true, as stated by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter,]
that the eighth section of this bill, which it is pro-
posed to strike out, gives a bounty of thirty dol-
lars each to the three months' men. I propose to
confer, in lieu of that provision, upon all the sol-
diers in the service the general provisions of the
bounty land act of 1855.
But, sir, 1 do not propose to discuss this ques-
tion at length at this time, for it is not one novel
to the members of this House or the country. I
know that in the portion of Indiana which I rep-
resent upon this floor, it was generally under-
stood by those who enlisted in the military service
that, in addition to the $100 bounty, they were to
be placed at the close of the war upon the same
footing as the soldiers of the Mexican war, in re-
spect to bounty. The opinion was universal. I
undertake to say, judging from what I have ob-
served in my own section, that a very large portion
of the soldiers now in service enlisted with the
distinct understanding on their part that they were
to be the recipients of this bounty land.
The question now comes up whether it is better
to adopt the homestead policy exclusively, which
applies mainly to persons not in the Army, be-
cause it will not generally be possible for soldiers
in service to avail themselves of a homestead bill
until after the war is over; or whether it is not
better to confer these lands upon those persons
who are engaged in the service of the country in
the field, especially when, as I have said, most of
these men have enlisted with the distinct under-
standing that they were to receive the land? And
the question also at ises whether it is not better, in
view of the financial condition of the country, to
confer a bounty in land rather than to appropriate
a still larger sum of money for that purpose?
But, as I have said, I do not desire to go into
a discussion of this question at this time. 1 am
satisfied that if the House is prepared to adopt
the homestead policy now, it will be better to
adopt the provision I have offered in place of the
eighth section of the lull as reported by the com-
mittee. 1 trust, therefore, in view of the expecta-
tions, the reasonableexpectations, of our soldiers,
and to prevent the impression going out that the
Congioss ofthe United States is indifferent to their
services, this amendment will be adopted.
