8076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
penses, even your salary, Mr. President, because
it had no sources ofincome; it was receiving noth-
ing from customs; theoutstandingTreasurynotes
wcte being paid in for custom-house duties; it
could not sell its bonds because there was noth-
ing in which it could receive pay but gold and sil-
ver, which were out of circulation; its bonds were
then ten percent, underpar. Under those circum-
stances, J say, that if the ad vice of the honorable
Senator from Vermont had been adopted a few
months ago, when we provided for the first issue
ollegal tender notes, I do not see how the Secre-
tary of the Treasury could have paid the current
expenses even of the civil list.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator will indulge
me in asking him a question. Does the Senator
think that, because the Government cannot get
along in any other way , they have a right, not-
withstanding the Constitution, to steal ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I am not in favor
of stealing. _ .
Mr. COLLAMER. Do the necessities of the
Government, however hard or pressing they may
he, alter our constitutional power? I opposed
making the notes a legal tender, because I tiiouglit
it unconstitutional.
Mr. SHERMAN. That still doesnot answer
the difficulty. I say that it"thcadvice ofthe hon-
orable Senator, however <y.stinguished, had been
followed, the Government would have been left
without the means of support. I do not, therefore,
say that the Secretary ought to have stolen money.
The advice of tho Sonatornnd of Congress, wisely,
in my judgment, was that the Secretary should
issue the credit of the Government in the form of
Treasury notes. That wasdone,and I think wisely
done, and I believe there are but few men in the
country who do not consider that the necessity
justified the experiment.
Now, the only question with us—and there is
where i differ from the Senator—is whether the
Government should go on issuing paper money
in competition with the bank paper of the coun-
try. The Senator seems to think I am hostile to
banks. The fact is that I have always been a
bank man, and am now. 1 have always been dis-
posed to tour them, and regard them as useful
institutions, and I believe, now that the banks will
be benefited rather than injured by this system.
Banks ought to represent capital, and capital is
injured by the inflation of prices and by the de-
rangement of the currency.- All the hanks ought
to be owned by men who have money to lend,
who have <t surplus of money on hand which
they desire to lend and put out on interest, and
these are tlie very men whose business is destroyed
and deranged by the derangement of the currency.
So far from injuriiur the banks, lth ink it will bene-
fit tho banks. 'I'alte any bank ni the State of Ver-
mont for instance, I am not familiar with their
local bank system, but i take it that if the banks
Of* Vermont are authorized to Wsue paper money,
they are authorized to issue it upon capital paid
in; money paid into tho bank. Now, suppose
they aie compelled to withdraw their circulation,
ami to use circulation furnished by tho United
States,is their capital impaired; is their property
destroyed; can they not use that money as other
banking operations are carried on; can they not
loan that capital; enn ihey not make it the basis
of the issue of certificates of deposit, of bills of
exchange, and of all the various forms of com-
mercial paper? Is it absolutely necessary that
tiiey should have the legislative franchise to issue
paper money upontheircapita) stock? Not at,all;
and I have it from some of the lending hanking
men of the United States, as 1 stated in the outset,
that they will not bo injuriously affected by this
proposition. For a time, they no doubt would
pay the tax of two per cent, but. they would grad-
ually withdraw their circulation; it would bo done
slowly as debts were paid in in paper of the. Uni-
ted States, in the mode pointed out by the Sena-
tor from Vermont; *tbey would withdraw their
circulation rather than pay the tax. Very many
of them perhaps would prefer to pay the tax,be-
cause on account of' tho suspension of specie pay-
ments, they are actually getting a profit of six per
cent, on theii circulation without a corresponding
burden being thrown upon them.
But the Senator says the banks were compelled
to suspend by the United States. "What of it? 1
do not question the loyalty or patriotism of the
banks; on the contrary, I believe the commercial
men of the. country, the financial men, the bank-
ers of New York and nil the leading cities, dis-
played the greatest amount of patriotism, i hey
did their duty well; I never found any fault with
them; but that does not answer the argument.
We are now compelled to legislate for the general
good ofthe whole people ofthe UnitcdStates. We
see their interests and their business about to be
affected by a paper currency inflated and beyond
our control, issued by fourteen hundred banks,
not governed by any general system, but governed
by a great variety of local laws. Now if, in the
opinion of Congress, it is right and expedient to
tax that franchise, they must submit to it. If
they think the tax is excessive and oppressive,
they will gradually withdraw their circulation;
and as they withdraw it, it will give place to a bet-
ter circulation.
So far, then, from being opposed to the local
banks, or desiring to injure them, or affect their
capital, I say the system I have proposed will be
a benefit to them, becausc it will check the exces-
sive issue of paper money. The banks will, to
avoid this tax, gradually withdraw their circula-
tion, I think it will work beneficially. 1 regard
it as simply a contest between two rival systems
of paper money which cannot exist together. You
cannot issue three hundred millions of United
States paper money, and upon that base the issue
of three hundred millions more by the banks. One
or the other must bedriven outof existence. The
paper of the banks being a depreciated, inferior
paper money, will drive out of circulation the Uni-
ted States notes. That has been done already,
and it will be done; and the more notes you issue,
the more ihey will issue, and the more the busi-
ness ofthe country will be deranged.
Mr. President, if we could accomplish the pur-
pose that I seek to accomplish, the gradual and
slow withdrawal of the paper money issued by
the local banks, we could then resort to a reason-
able amount of demand notes as the necessities of
the Government compel us to do. That amount
ought to be fixed by some law, to which the as-
sent of Congress should be given, in such a way
that it should not be subject to repeal or modifica-
tion. I admit that if the amount of United States
demand notes is to be fluctuating, sometimes
1100,000,000, sometimes §300,000,000, and to be
increased on any special occasion, there will be
no end to the whole system of inflation; but if you
would issue, say $300,000,000 of Treasury notes,
and let it be understood by all the commercial men
ofthe country that that is the ultimate point, be-
yond which you will not go, and make that a na-
tional cm rency, ] do not believe there is a coun-
try in the world that will have a bcttci currency.
The paper money ofevei y other commercial coun-
try i.N founded on the public credit; this country
alone is the exception, in England the issues of
the Bank of Etislund amount to about one hun-
dred million dollars, and the amount of Govern-
ment securities held by the Bank of England is
$150,000,000. So in France, and in every com-
mercial country tho bank circulation is based on
the national public credit, and it is the only sure
basis of bank circulation. 1 do not know any
better system of paper money in this country than
that which may be furnished by the United States
demand notes, if the amount is fixed by law be-
yond a reasonable danger of change or modifica-
tion.
That money will pass all over the United States.
The only difference between the value of money
ill California and New York will be the expense
of expressing it Irom California to New York,
The only difference between money in Ohio and
New York will be aboutone third of one percent.,
or pel haps less. There will be no large sums made
by exchanges covered up in the form of usury by
banks in their loans to the people. The currency
will bo uniform, certain, based upon the public
credit, a mortgage upon all the property of all the
people of the United States. If you had this form
of currency, the effect would be at once beneficial.
As this currency swelled upon the public and be-
came somewhat inflated, it would bo converted
into bonds, and thus assume the form of a perma-
nent investment for the Government and for the
people, and the amount of stocks could be regu-
lated by law.
I have no doubt that if all the paper money of
the banks was now driven outof existence and we
had only the basis of three hundred million of
United States paper money, the bonds of the Uni-
ted States would rise in value at once and be above
par; the difference between gold and paper would
disappear. So long as the people of this country
had confidence in the existence of the Govern-
ment, all the surplus capital of the country would
be gradually invested in United States securities,
because they are the best in the world; but so long
as the paper money of the United States is to come
into competition with the circulation ofthe banks,
or is made the basis of bank issues, tending to dis-
arrange and demoralize and disorganize the cur-
rency5 of the country and tlie exchanges of the
country, we cannot carry on any sound financial
system. Now, the difference between paper money
in one part of the country and another is two or
three per cent., making a loss at every exchange
between the different sections of the country. It
is impossible, I say, to co.vry on business on this
system.
Now, sir, this taxisnotgoing to be oppressive to
the banks. A bank with $100,000 of circulation
would pay §2,000; and why not! They draw from
the people, by a forced loan, which they do run.pay
on demand, $6,000, and if they pay $2,000 of that
into the Treasury of the United States, it will not
be oppressive; but if the tax should induce them
to withdraw their circulation from the ordinary
channels of business, so that the United States
paper money might take its place, nothing but
blessings to the people of this country would re-
sult. No damage would be done to the owner of
the bank, because he still has his capital, all that
ho is entitled to have; he simply loses for a time
the benefit of a franchise, the exercise of which
is now injurious to the public credit. The peo-
ple of the United States would in this way obtain
a sure and stable national currency, which, with-
out change or loss, would always give them a
medium of exchange between the East and the
West, the North and the South.. There would
be no longer any depreciated notes; no longer any
broken banks; no longer any counterfeit notes,
because the notes now issued by the Treasury of
the United States are substantially beyond the
power of counterfeiting, or, if they are counter-'
foiled, the imposture can be at oncedetected. The
eye of every business man will be at once im-
pressed with the form and shape and character of
all the United States demand notes, and any at-
tempt at counterfeiting would be at once detected
by eyes constantly on the watch. It seems to me
that nothing but good can result from this meas-
ure; and if it should accomplish my object, which
I boldly and openly declare to be to diive out all
the circulation of the local banks, it would be a
souiee of greater benefit and advantage to this
country thanany measure that has been proposed.
I think the Secretary of the Treasury has acted
judiciously and wisely in proposing this measure
to Congress. I have differed from him very often
in regard to his propositions, but this, at least,
meets my hearty approval.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not exactly understand
the drift of the argument ofthe Senator from Ohio,
or rather how he pats the two branches of his ar-
gument together. He thinks that the circulation
of Government notes will do away with all differ-
ence of exchange, and retire all the notes of the
local banks, and he bases this on the idea that the
banks now circulate their paper predicated on their
holding United States demand notes to redeem it.
That is the way I understand the Senator, if a
man has a §1,000 note of any bank in the West,
and there is h great discount on the paper of that
bank, or if exchange on New York is very high,
what is to prevent the man who has that note, and
wants to make a remittance,going to the bank and
demanding a United States note for it, and thus
have something upon which the Senator says there
will be no discount?
Mr. SHERMAN. Every person in business
receives a great variety of bank notes; he cannot
assort them all, and he employs a broker to do it
at a cost of one per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. As a general rule, it is not
likely there will be any difference between the
United States notes and the circulating notes of
the country. I should not think there would be
much difference if the United States notes could
always be got on demand for bank notes, for the
same reason that there is no great difference be-
tween bank notes and gold and silver, when you
can command gold and silver on demand.
