2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
It does not grow out of the treaty at all. The
treaty was complied with. The money was in-
vested in five per cent, bonds of the United States.
The proceeds of those bonds, instead of being paid
over to the Indians, according to the statement,
were invested in depreciated bonds, a fraudulent,
unlawful application of the money of the Indians;
and the claim is now made against the Govern-
ment of the United States on account of the fraud-
ulent and unlawful application by the agents of
the money of the Indians. It does not grow out
of a treaty at all. I say, therefore, it is a private
claim; it is for a past debt due to private individ-
uals,and growingoutof a fraudulent transaction.
If appropriations of this kind can be ingrafted on
the regular appropriation bills which ought to be
distinctly confined to appropriations for service to
be rendered in the future, as a matter of course
the 30th rule of the Senate falls to the ground.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio is
entirely mistaken in saying that this claim has
been due ever since the treaty was made, because
the treaty itself provided that this money should
be paid in 1858 and 1859 in two equal annual in-
stallments. The treaty was made in 1855. The
claim, therefore, could not have been urged from
the date of the treaty, because the money was not
due until 1858and 1859. The treatyprovidcd that
this investment should be made in United States
stocks. Those stocks were at a piemium; and
when we come to argue the justice and equity of
this claim, there is even more due than seems to
be setup by the petitioners, because they were
justly entitled to the premium on those bonds.
That this is duato private individuals is true only
in the sense that the whole Wyandotte nation are
private individuals. In that sense alone can it be
said to be a private claim. The treaty which stip-
ulated that this money should be paid in 1858 and
1859 has been complied with only in part; and it
occurs to me, though I do not desire to argue the
point, that it is within the rule to appropriate the
balance of the payment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question whether this
amendment would or would not come within the
rule of the Senate, or could be properly moved to
the appropriation bill, was not. a subject of dis-
cussion in the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
question there discussed was the validity of the
claim itself against the United States. Inasmuch
as the Indians, under protest and against their
will* in violation of the treaty, had been made to
take bonds which were depreciated instead of
taking bonds of the United States, the committee
were of opinion that it was a just and valid claim
against the United States; and they consented,
further, that it should be reported by the Senator
from Missouri and offered by him as an amend-
ment to this appropriation bill.
While consenting that the amendment should
be offered, I do not feel that by any action of the
committee I am bound upon the question that is
now raised; so that 1 discuss it and pass upon it
as 1 do in all cases of the kind. I have usually
sustained the objection when taken by the Finance
Committee to amendments in the nntureof private
claims; that is to say, unliquidated claims: claims
winch involve the discussion of the amountgrow-
mg out of the damages where the amount is not
determined. In tins'" case, the question as to the
value of these bonds, the question at how much
discount they had to be sold, and how much loss
was to be sustained, and whether the Indians re-
ceived them under protest, and various otheis, are
questions which might possibly lead to discussion
m the Senate. I believe that the claim is a just one
against the Government of the United States; but
after hearing the discussion on this point, I am
inclined to the opinion that it is a claim which
ought to be presented by itself, independent of an
appropriation bill. That is the course I have taken
myselt. I remember once, on an objection taken
by the Finance Committee to a claim of the State
of Maine, arising under the provisions of the Ash-
burton treaty, voting it out of order, for the pur-
pose of confining the appropriation bills as much
as possible to those appropriations under existing
law s which are certain ,or capable of being- reduced
to certainty, and not involving questions of unli-
quidated claims. 1 herefore, although this amend-
ment has been reported from the committee of
which I am a member, I shall feel constrained to
vote that, in my opinion, it is so far in the na-
ture of a private^ claim that it ought to stand by
itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will merely add that
under this second treaty, as I supposed, it is pro-
vided that this money shall be paid in two equal
annual installments. They received the first in-
stallment, nominally, of the amount of §50,000,
upon which they say there was a loss, under pro-
test. They next received the second installment
under like protest; and they claim a loss on each
one. It is therefore clearly no claim under the
treaty. Their claim is for an imperfect execution
of the treaty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
submits the cjuestion of order to the decision of
the Senate. The ground of objection is, that it is
in the nature of a private claim. The question
involves two inquiries: first, whether it be in the
nature of a private claim. If not, the objection
falls. If it be in the nature of a private claim, it
involves the further inquiry whether it be in pur-
suance of the provisions of some existing law or
some treaty stipulation. If not, it is excluded
under the rule; if it is, it is in order under the
rule. That is the question for the Senate to de-
cide; whether, in the first place, it be in the nature
of a private claim; and in the next place, if it be
in the nature of a private claim, whether it is in
pursuance of the provisions of an existing law or
treaty stipulation.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire merely to
state that there were other items claimed by this
tribe. They claimed $3,000 that they urged they
had paid to their attorney to procure these bonds.
That the committee struck out.
In answer to the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, I desire to state
that, by a solemn vote, we directed the Senator
from Missouri to move this amendment to the ap-
propriation bill on the ground that it was to sup-
ply a deficiency under the second treaty with the
Wyandotte Indians. I desire to say, also, in an-
swer to the Senator from Ohio, that this money
is to go to the tribe of Wyandotte Indians—not
to a few individuals, but to the tribe pro rata. It
belongs to thorn.
Mr; SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator how
many there are of them ? I think there are very
few of them, and they are very rich—the richest
community, probably, in the United States. At
least I have heard that allegation made.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Many of the Indians
of Kansas arc, on paper, rich, but by the abstiac-
tion of these bonds by the villainy of former Ad-
ministrations, they are reduced to poverty. You
decided yesterday that you would not pay the
interest on the bonds m which you, contrary to
treaty stipulations, invested their money. I un-
derstand from all the Indian tribes in Kansas that
unless you pay them, you will have to feed them.
That is the condition of the whole of them; you
must either pay them or feed them. I understand
there aie some two or three hundred of these
Wyandottes. They live near to me, and I should
judge, at a guess, that there were two or three
hundred of them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to hear the 30th
rule read again, so that 1 may understand this
question.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whctherthis claim as proposed here is not reduced
to the exact amount of the deficiency; whether
there is anything else but the difference between
the $100,000 that the United States agreed to pay
upon a specified day and the §65,000 that the
Indians obtained >
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. In response to the ques-
tion of my friend from Kansas, I will state that
the claim is precisely for what I understand to be
the difference between the par value of the stocks
and their value at the time they were compelled
to take them. They took them under protest.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not only do we con-
fine it to that, but we refuse to allow what the
United States bonds were worth at the time. They
were entitled to United States five per cents, which
were at a premium. The difference is between
what they received, $G5,000, and what they were
to receive, $100,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I have been sat-
isfied that this is a just claim, and haye presented
it for the consideration of the Senate, and it does
appear to me that it is connected with this treaty
stipulation. Without the aid of this treaty it will
be conceded that they could not recover ei ther here
or elsewhere, and consequently it must have some
connection, more or less, with the treaty which I
have recited; and upon that ground I think it is
admissible as an amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. Itoccurred to me, and does
still, that the amendment is in order. I think it
is incompliance with the stipulations of the treaty.
The treaty provides that the Government shall be
made the custodian of a certain amount of money
that shall be invested in funds for the benefit of the
Indians. Itseems that fraud was perpetrated by the
officersof theGovernmentwithoutany knowledge
or consent on the part of the Indians. The offi-
cers who were intrusted with the investment of
the money defrauded the Indians, and, perhaps,
the Government. Now it seems that the wrong
perpetrated by the Government itself is set up
here in bar of an honest claim of the Indians, and
of its consideration at this time in connection with
the appropriation bills. It strikes me that under
the treaty stipulations the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States were in good faith bound to pay the In-
dians the amount recited in the treaty. Tney were
not only bound to pay it, but were bound to in-
vest the amount provided for in the treaty in the
manner and form prescribed. Itseems that the
Government, through the agency of its own offi-
cers, failed to comply with that portion of the
treaty stipulation, and, as you may say, robbed
the Indians; invested the money in worthless
bonds. If that releases the United States, or places
the amount due to the Indians in such a condition
that it cannot be placed on an appropriation bill,
I cannot for my life see how it is to be explained.
I think the claim fairly arises under the provisions
of that treaty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, "Shall this amendment be received as in order
under the 30th rule of the Senate ?"
The question being put, the amendment was
not received.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer an amendment,
to insert as a new section, the following:
j-lnd be it further enacted < That the Secietary of the In-
teuorbe, and he is hereby, directed to cause settlements to
be made with all poisons appointed by Indian councils to
receive moneys due to incompetent or orphan Indians,and
to icquire ali moneys lound to be due to taid incompetent
or orphan Indians tobc leturued to the Treasury ofthe Uni-
ted States, and all moneys so returned shall hear an intei-
est at the late of six per cent, per annum until paid by order
of the Secietaiy or the Inteuor to those entitled to the
same ; and no moneys shall hereafter be paid to any per-
son or persons appointed by an Indian council to receive
moneys due to incompetent or orphan Indians, but the same
shall remain in the Ticas>ur> of the United States untiloi-
dered to be paid by the said Secretaty to those entitled to
receive the same, and shall bear six per cent, interest until
so paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have been informed that
an abuse has grown up in this way. Indian
councils sometimes appoint certain individuals to
be their agents to come on here and receive the
moneys that are to be paid over to what are de-
nominated incompetent Indians.
Mr. GRIMES. What does the term " incom-
petent Indians" mean ? What does it embrace ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is a term which ss used
in referring to those who are without guardians,
or under age, and some, perhaps, that are ab-
sentees, that are not found, so that the money can
be paid over to them. I am told that in some
instances the chiefs of some of these tribes have
got themselves appointed by the councils, and
come on here to get this money, and it is never
paid to anybody. It rests in their hands. The
object of the amendment is to prevent the pay-
ment over of this money to any such agents, and
that it be retained in the Treasury of the United
States; and, furthermore, that the Secretary of the
Interior cause, if possible, the money that has
been paid over to these agents to be paid to in-
competent Indians to be returned to the Treasury.
That is tiie object of the provision.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. NESMITH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer an amendment,
to insert at the end of the bill the following:
For the payment in full of outstanding liabilities con-
