1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3077
I do not understand, either, the Senator's rea-
soning about the ultimate security of the people
having a safe currency. He says that if the Gov-
ernment were permitted to issue $300,000,000 of
those notes for a currency, the people would al-
ways be accommodated with a sound circulating
medium; and yet in the same breath he tells us
that if such an issue was made, the stocks of the
United States would rise above par. Now, the
probability is that if men could change this cur-
rency into paper that was above par, they would
do so; and thus it would be taken out of circula-
tion,and be immediately converted into bonds and
twenty years bonds, those bonds being above par.
That kind of paper would be worth more in the
market than the notes themselves, according to
my understanding of the course of currency. If
people can buy an y thing worth $105 for #100, they
will do it; and if this paper which we are issuing
can be converted into a twenty years six per cent,
stock at par, there will soon be none of it in cir-
culation—it will be very readily converted into
stocks. The stocks into which these notes may
now be converted are called five-twenties; that is
to say, they are not payable under twenty years,
but the Government has the right to redeem them
in five years. That is one reason why people
deposit these notes temporarily; they cannot put
them into a permanent investment; and partly on
account of that there has been a distinction be-
tween the old Treasury notes and the new demand
notes. The old notes can be converted into a
twenty years stock; and that is one reason why
they are above the new notes. They are about
equal to gold and silver because they have two
uses which the new notes have not—they can he
paid for duties, and they can be converted into a
twenty years stock, winch is itself above par.
The Senator says that it will not injure the
banks to be deprived of the right to issue circu-
lation. If it had not been supposed to bean ad-
vantage to them, they would not have issued it,
that is certain. It is undoubtedly an advantage
and an accommodation to the people. I do not
say it is the best species of currency in the world.
I think a national bank currency, based upon de-
posits of Government stocks like the Bank of
England, would be very much better; but the peo-
ple can get the money of the local banks rather
more easily than they can get any other kind. If
a man from the East is going into one of the west-
ern States to buy stock, it is easier for him to
make a negotiation with a bank that he will cir-
culate the paper of that bank in making his pur-
chases, and a part of the inducement for making
him a loan at a low rate of interest, is that the
money may be kept out. In their relations to the
people, everybody must know that the banks are
the creditor class in a community, and that is one
reason why their circulating notes always keep
current. The mass of the people are in debt, and
ifthey can get anything to pay.thcir debts witli, it
answers their purposes. In that way the bank
circulation accommodates the people, but I see no
way that the people can be accommodated by
these notes. Nobody has got them to lend, un-
less it is capitalists.
The Senator from Ohio has stated that the banks
were the cause of the revulsion of business in
1857, or rather that the failure of one bank was
the cause of that revulsion. That was one argu-
ment which he used against allowing them to issue
circulation. According to my recollection the
Ohio Life and Trust Company was not a bank of
circulation, and I believe it was its failure that pro-
duced the first panic in the money market at that
time. The Senator's argument against the issues
of banks is not supported hy the fact which he
has adduced to sustain it, because the institution
which he says failed and crippled all others in
1857, was not a bank of circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. It had circulation, but it
also was a trust company.
*Mr. SIMMONS. I understood it was not a
bank of circulation. .
Mr. SHERMAN. It had circulation, but not
a very large amount according to its capital.*
Mr. SIMMONS. I never knew a trust com-
pany authorized to issue and circulate notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was called the Ohio Life
Insurance and Trust Company, but it had circu-
lation, and also had a large amount of money
loaned out.  
Mr. SIMMONS. It had a great many deposits.
It was the agent of many of the States to pay the
interest on their debt. It failed to pay at a cer-
tain time, and I know that produced a great panic
in the money market. Our banks, I believe, are
one of the most ingeniously devised systems for
credit which we have had in modern times. They
perform the office of enabling the labor of the coun-
try to anticipate its distant returns. That is their
effect, as far as my knowledge extends. I do not
see any necessity for us to tax their circulation so
as to drive it out of existence. The Government
comes in a fair competition with them. The only
question to my mind is, whether we are not au-
thorizing the issue of too much paper for the
business of the country. My recollection is, that
we have generally had about from two hundred
and twenty-five to two hundred and fifty million
dollars of bank biiis in circulation as currency.
To increase the Governmentissue to $300,000,000,
as the Senator from Ohio suggests, in my opinion
would produce an inflation in prices, if it was sud-
denly done. If this is a better circulation than that
of the banks, the people will soon find it out, and
it is unnecessary for us to adopt any untried meas-
ure to compel them to take this in lieu of their
paper money.
Besides, in many of the States, considerable
local revenue is derived from a tax on the banks
in one form or other, and they arc taxed to as
great an extent perhaps as many of them will bear.
The States need some sources of income as well
as the United States. They have local govern-
ments to support, and I think we might as well
leave them this resource.
I am not much interested in this sort of prop-
erty, and do not speak from any particular knowl-
edge about it, or any particular legard to the effect
it will have upon the men of wealth who are stated
to bo engaged in these banks. I am only looking
at the effect upon the business men of the country.
I think it will be injurious to have a largo amount
of these facilities withdrawn from the business
community at this time, especially in the western
country. I have never considered that it was any
fault of the banking institutions of the West that
their credit was impaired at the commencement
of this rebellion. It may have been the effect of
their laws not requiring the banks of each State
to base their circulation upon the credit of their
own State. If the banks of the western States
had had their own State stocks where the banks
were located as the basis of their circulation, as
the banks in the State of New York had, the peo-
ple would never have suffered much by it, be-
cause the whole property of the State would have
been held for the redemption of their notes, and
ther.e could not have been any great depreciation.
There might have been some temporary depre-
ciation, but where the banks have issued paper
on the strength of the stocks of their own State
I have never known them to depreciate much.
When the stocks of the States that seceded went
down one half in the market, I understand the
Illinois banks were requiied to place just as much
more in the hands of the State, so that the actual
market value of the stocks pledged for the redemp-
tion of their notes should be equivalent to what
it was when they were at par. That I suppose
the banks were unable to do, and they had to
withdraw their circulation or go into liquidation,
which produced great disaster in those States;
but from whatever cause the circulation has to
be withdrawn, it produces disasters in the com-
munity from which it is withdrawn. There is
one peculiarity about the circulation of the banks
that does not attach to the circulation of these
United States notes. I do not know of any State
yet, notwithstanding the suspension of specie
payments, that has passed any laws to prevent
the holders of the currency furnished by the banks
from collecting it in gold and silver if they see fit
to resort to their legal rights. I suppose that if
the holder of any bank note in the western coun-
try demanded its payment in gold or silver, and
it was refused, he could have a summary method
to compel payment. I know it is so with us, and
I dare say it is in all the States that have banks.
The people who hold the bank paper have a rem-
edy for Us collection that they do not have in re-
gard to this United States paper.
I concurred with the Senator from Vermont,
when the Treasury note bill was up before, in the
impropriety of making these notes a legal tender;
and I have not altered my opinion about it, al-
though I agree with the Senator from Ohio that it
hasjjiven great practical relief to the country; and
inasmuch as it has done so, I was induced to give
my consent to authorize a further issue. It is not
exactly an irredeemable paper in the form in which
it is now issued. I then preferred to give a place
to retire itata better rate of interest than was pro-
posed, in order that it might find a resting place,
if people got more of it than they could conve-
niently use m their business; but the Senate did
not choose to adopt that method. My opinion is,
that the better we can make it, the better the in-
terests of the Government will be subserved; and
therefore I should have no objection to having it
convertible into a twenty years six per cent, stock.
This bill provides that $75,000,000 shall not be
issued except in the single contingency of its being
necessary to meet the deposits which may be with-
drawn on ten days' notice; and with that modi-
fication, I thought there could be no very great
injury from giving him this source of supply in
case he met with a sudden call. Practically, there-
fore, this allows a circulation of about two hun-
dred and twenty-five million dollars at most. I do
not know that these two questions are mixed up
together—they have been argued as if they were—
or whether this proposition to tax the banks two
per cent, is an amendment to the bill. I do not
see what particular connection it has with the sub-
ject of authorizing the issue of notes, except to
make a place for them by dividing out the other
circulation. I hope the Senate will consider care-
fully before adopting any such proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would suggest to my
honorable friend from Ohio, my colleague on the
Finance Committee, whether on the whole it would
not be advisable to withdraw this amendment at
the present time. I am satisfied that the Senate is
not now exactly prepared to consider it, and it
comes with some surprise upon the country. It
is in reality a tax in addition to the tax bill wc
have passed. 1 acknmvledge that there is a great
deal of force in his views, and I do notsay thatat
somt future time, in connection with some other
proposition, 1 might not be able to give more con-
sideration to his measure than 1 can at the piesent
time; but the matter has not been considered by
a committee formally; it conies upon the Senate
on a sudden, and at the close of a session, and I
think it had better be considered in connection
with some proposed bank bill, which I undeistand
has been underconsideration in the other House,
than as a separate and distinct measure on this
Treasury note bill. If we were not so much
pressed for time, I should not ask it of him; but
we are drawing very near to the close of the ses-
sion, it is a very important matter, it involves very
great interests to important institutions of the
country, and I am not prepared at the present time,
whatever I may do in the future, to give my as-
sent to it standing in connection with this bill, and
I think a majority of the Senate are in the same
position. That is the disposition even among
gentlemen who are disposed to agree with him in
many of the views he has expressed in relation
to this matter. I do not feel disposed to go into a
discussion of the subject and make an argument,
if I was capable of making one at the presenttime.
I merely suggest on the whole the action which I
think advisable. I hope the Senatoi will not at-
tempt to press it on the bill now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have felt disposed to with-
draw this amendment, as I became satisfied a ma-
jority of the Senate was not now prepared to take
this step; but on conferring with two or three
others, they thought it better to have a vote. I
told the Senator a few moments ago, that I was
willing, so far as I was concerned, to withdraw
it, having satisfied myself that a majority were
unwilling to adopt it; but on conference with
others who will probably vote for the proposition,
I am told it is best to insist on a vote; therefore,
I shall not withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT;))'!) tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio is not with-
drawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now before the Senate is on that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, one of the ear-
liest lessons that I learned in relation to currency
was, that there was no proper basis for the cur-
