1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
Mr. FOOT. I will explain the matter, as I hap-
pened to be occupyingthechairatthetime. Amo-
tion was made to postpone the farther consideration
of the subject then under debate until to-morrow,
that isto-uay. OneSenatorindicated oneo'clock,
and another Senator indicated two o'clock. The
Chair put the question on the general proposition
to postpone until to-day, and it passed in the af-
firmative, without designating the hour. That is
the way it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Then it comes up
at the expiiation of the morning hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the special
order be postponed until this bill shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. CARLILE. I beg the Senator to defer the
further consideration of his bill until I conclude
the remarks which I design to make, and then he
can take up this bill for consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say to the Sen-
ator that it is very important to the public interest
that this bill shall pass the Senate and go to the
House of Representatives, so that our amend-
ments may be acted upon there to-day.
Mr. CARLTLE. I shall get through in ample
time for that I think. I am notvery well: 1 have
not been well for a week past, and I prefer to go
on at this hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is the bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property
and free the slaves of rebels, on which the Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not propose, Mr. Pres-
ident, to follow the example set us by my friend,
the honorable Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Browy-
i\tg,] who addressed the Senate yesterday, by
saying what 1 may do in the future upon the hap-
pening of a contingency which, in my judgment,
never can arise. I am content to deal with the
present. If I can meet wisely the questions of
the hour, I shall be satisfied; and in my opinion
it would be well if we would, in this the day of
our tnal, act upon the maxim, " Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." The bill under con-
sideration is entitled "A bill to confiscate the
property and free the slaves of rebels." The ob-
jects of the bill, as stated in the title, are, in my
opinion, beyond the power of accomplishment, if
we regard our constitutional obligations. The
Supreme Court would have to pronounce such
a law unconstitutional m any case arising under
it, if it could be biought before that tribunal for
its decision. The founders of the Government
intended to secuie to every citizen, and have so
provided in the Constitution, the right to test the |
constitutionality of any congressional enactment
before the Supreme Court; but here is a bill taking
from more than one fourth of the entire popula-
tion of this whole country all their property of
every kind and description, reducing them to beg-
gary and want, without judicial trial or legal in-
vestigation. The bill denies to the citizen the
constitutional right of testing the constitutionality
of the act before the tribunal created by the Con-
stitution. It would seem as if the authors of the
bill, conscious of the unconstitutionality ot the
pioposcd measure, purposely framed it so that its
constitutionality could not be pronounced upon
by the Supreme Court.
"The bill proposes to confiscate to the use of the
Government all the property, real and peisonal,
belonging to the citizens of the seceded States i
who arc or may be in the service of the so-called |
confederate States, or who m any way give aid .
and comfort to the rebellion. "V\ hen it isremem- !
btred that the authors of the rebellion were m
possession of the various State governments, and
used the powerand machinery of their respective
State governments to compel the people to ac-
quiesce m their unconstitutional acts, ana to rec- (
ognize their usurped authority, it willbe seen
that all the property of each and every citizen in j
the seceded States would be forfeited under this \
bill. Such a sweeping proposition, so unjustand j
cruel a measure, one better calculated to continue
the war forever and exhaust the whole country,
never has been in the history of the world, and 1 j
predict never will beagain, proposed to any legis-
lative assembly repiesenting a civilized commu-
nity- , • ,
By the bill all the property, except slaves, is to
be sold, and the proceeds put into the public
Treasury. The slaves are to "be emancipated in
violation of the Constitution and in disregard of
the acknowledged constitutional rights of their
owners and of the States wherein they reside.
The want of power in Congress to interfere with
slavery in the States where it exists has always
heretofore been admitted; the most ultra aboli-
tionists admit that Congress cannot interfere with
slavery in the States, and because this is so they
denounce the Constitution as a covenant with
death and a league with hell. The ablest speech
made this session in Congress in favor of con-
verting the struggle in which we are engaged into
an anti-slavery war, was made by the Represent-
ative in the House from Kansas, [Mr. Conway.]
It is a speech that must challenge the admiration
of those who differ with its author, for its bold-
ness, frankness, and candor. The member from
Kansas with directness meets the questions he
discusses; there is no mistaking his position. Not
a dollar or a man will he vote for the restoration
of the Union. Millions for an anti-slaveiy war,
not one cent to suppress insurrection and to restore
the supremacy of the Constitution and the laws.
Do I misrepresent him? Let him speak for him-
self:
£< For one, I shall not vote another dollar or man for the
wai until it assumes a different standing, and tends dnectly
to an anti-slavei v result. Millions lor freedom, but not one
cent for slavery!"
To accomplish his purpose—the abolition of
slavery—he would recognize the so-called con-
federate States as an independent Power, and he
would conquer the seceded States and hold them
as subject provinces. Hear him again:
i: To recognize the confederate States for their benefit is
rio patt of our duty; but to shape oui policy to aceoid with
events, and enable us to fulfill <i high puiposc, if what we
arc imperatively called upon to do. The fiction upon which
we aie now proceeding binds us to slaveiy; and hence the
national arm*, instead of bring directed again&t it, are held
wheie they may at any moment be icquired to be turned to
its defense.
4' The wish of the masses of out people id to conquer the
seceded Slates to the authority of the Union, and hold them
as subject piovince®."
The member from Kansas admits tliat his pur-
poses cannot be accomplished constitutionally,
and expressly refers to the bill now before the
Senate, and shows it to be unconstitutional. Hear
him again:
" Slavoiy cannot be abolished in a State by act of Con-
cress. Thctlnng isimpossible. Congiessisthelegislauve
blanch of theGovernment, peilbimii'g itsduties undercer-
tatu constitutional limitations Slaveiy in the States is
outride of thos-e limitations. It can be abolished only by
the skates lheni->elvi'>, m by Ihe Executive iv tunc of uar,
on principles of public- law, as ably expounded many years
ago by John Qtnncy Adam^. In the suppiession of insui-
rection,howevei,the Executive has not this powei, unless
the insniirenls have ceased to be panics to our constitu-
tional Union; in which case thev have, in fact, ceased to
be instilments. and beeome helhgeient*.
" The oveithtow or slaveiy by eouiKcalinsi the piopeit}
of lebel slaveholder seem-; to me to be utteilv impractica-
ble, eoiiMstentiy with the plain lcquhemeiits of the Con-
stitution. A bill haMceentlv been introduced info the Sen-
ate todrchue the property of ail persons engaged in the
lebeihon foileit, and dnect'iiir the Pie-ident to execute its
pi ovi-ions >um manly without the uUei position of civil pro-
cess foi tual or judgment. This bill is unconstitutional.
The fifth amendment to the Constitution piovides that,
4 No person thall be depnved of hie, libeity. or piopcity
without due process ol law.' And the sixth amendment is
as follows*:
" 1 In nit pinnmal pio-ecufions. the accused shall enjoy
the licht to a speed) and public tual, by an impaitial jut j-
of the State or disfnct wheiein the ci line shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously ai-cei-
tauicd bv law. and to be mloimed of the natuie and cau^e
ol the a'ecu>auon; to be confronted with the witno-^es
against him ; to have enmpuhon process lot obtaining wit-
ne?.sps in Iih tavor. and to have the a^s^ranee. of counsel
tor his defence.'
A bill hai-aNo been introduced into this body of similar
impoit, and obnoxious to the .-aim. objection. ami likewi-c
fo a stii! stionsrei one. This lattet lull proposes to aboli-h
a State, and d"2iade it to the position of a Tei uton . Such
an act a* Una is uueily at wai with the dieon of our Fed-
cial ev<tem. It could not be earned into cfleet without
destioymsi the nation.as it ha- hetetoloie existed. It* suc-
cess would establish a precedent which would make the
Fecleial Go\c linnent the son ice of all powei, and convcit
the States into meie coipoiations."'
To accomplish his purposes, he would recog-
nize the so-called confederate States as a separate
nation, anil wage war upon them because he be-
lieves that the laws regulating public war would
enable him to deprive the citizens of those States
of $2,000,01)0,000 worth of slave property. He
says:
"The conflict has now been processing nine months,
and has* changed its chaiactei from an attempt to destioy
an insurrection into a deliberate and settled \\ ar.''
I have read from the speech of the member from
Kansas, because, in my opinion, it is a represent-
ative speech, and because he has had the boldness
to avow what 1 believe are the real views of his
party, but what his party associates, less bold
than himself, for prudential reasons do not avow.
If a member from a slave State had uttered such
sentiments as those I have read from the speech
of the member from Kansas, the whole air would,
have been filled with the cry of disloyalty and his
expulsion demanded. The press that clamored
so loudly for the expulsion of the late Senator
from Indiana and the rejection of the Senator from
Oregon,is engaged in applauding the sentiments
of the member from Kansas. Those sentiments
are, as I have shown you, that unless the con-
federate States are recognized as an independent
Power and war is waged upon them for the abo-
lition of slavery, not another man or dollar of
money will the member from Kansas vote. Let
a member from a slave State of either House de-
clare that he would—unless the so-called confed-
erate States are recognized and war allowed, not
to conquer the northern States and hold them as
subject provinces, but only to secure constitu-
tional guarantees for slavery in the Union—not
vote another man or another dollar; how long,
think you, would he or ought he to retain his seat
in Congress? And yet what would be the differ-
ence ? Whose utterances would be most disloyal,
or, if you please, most treasonable?
For more than twenty-five years, Mr. Presi-
dent, the representatives of the abolitionists and
of the secessionists have pulled the same string at
different ends, heretofore sitting together in the
same Congress and acknowledging the same coun-
try. They are still pulling the same string at dif-
ferent ends of the string and each in his own end of
the country. Both want the so-called confederate
government recognized; both want the rebellion
dignified by the name of war; both want their
rights. The one wants you to acknowledge his
right to take his slave into the Territories, not that
he will ever take him there; the other wants you to
acknowledge his right to liberate the slave m the
slave States, not that he would do it, for he will
not let the free negroes live in his State, and he
knows that they will not be permitted to live in
the slave States. The secessionist is fighting for
his rights; the abolitionist would have you fight
for his. Both contend that the Union is dissolved.
Par nobile fratrum. People of America look at
them ! Behold a pair of noble brothers—abolition
and secession; twins they are; spawned at the
same tune in the same muddy stream.
The third section of this bill makes it the duty
I of the Piesident to colonize the negroes at the cost
1 of the Government, of course the Government to
1 get the money by taxing the people. It is not
i enough to tax them for war purposes, but they
must be taxed to pay overseers on Georgia and
South Carolina plantations; taxed to the tune of
ten doliais an acre, to buy implements of hus-
bandry for all the land tilled by these overseers
in Georgia and South Carolina; taxed to buy land
in tropical climates; taxed to send negroes to trop-
ical climates; in short, the people arc to be taxed
upon lying down and getting up, standing or walk-
ing, asleep or awake, all for the glorious privilege
of evincing to the world that enlarged philanthropy
that can view with complacency the sufferings and
the groans of the white race, but is horrified at the
sight of four millions of negroes comfortable, con-
tented, and happy, unconscious of suffering until
informed by some philanthropic Greeley; who was
willing to permit their masters to withdraw them
j and the States in which they reside from theGov-
j ernment to which the labor of the one and the pro-
! ductions of the other has contributed more than
i any other portion of our country to make it what
| it was a little more than one year ago—the proud-
est, richest, and most prosperous on the globe.
' Mr. President, I was about to call the attention
' of the Senate to the third section of the bill. This
i section makes it the duty of the President to pro-
I vide for the transportation, colonization, and set-
! tlement of such emancipated negroes as may be
1 willing to emigrate to some tropical climate, to be
: selected for them bv the Executive. The bill fails
! to make provision for the negroes who shall beun-
; willing to leave the land of their birth and the home ;
; of their nativity. That this latter class will com-
j prise at least ninety-nine hundreths of the slaves,
i is a fact known to all acquainted with the race, and
