1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
tracted in Oregon and Washington Territories on account
of the Indian department, prior to July 1, 1861, a sum not
exceeding $80,000: Provided, That, before any payment is
made fiom thisappropuauon,the superinteudentof Indian
aftVurs for Oregon and Washington Territories and the dis-
trict attorney of the United States for Oregon shall con-
vene a;3 a board of commissioners for the examination of
said outstanding liabilities at such place or places as a ma-
jority of said commissioners shall determine; and after
giving due and ample notice, by publications in the news-
papers of Oregon and Washington, to claimants, shall pro-
ceed to examine and pass upon said claims, and shall have
power to reduce or reject such claims as to them shall appear
to be unfounded, exorbitant, or unjust. Said commission
shall report to the Secretary of the Interior their action upon
the claim thus presented, with the evidence for each ; and
upon the approval of this report by the Secretary of the
Interior, the money found due shall be paid to the claim-
ants or their legally authorized agents ; and the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized to make a just and fair
compensation to the district attorney ofOiegon for such
services as shall be rendered by him in serving upon said
commission, not exceeding $500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the same objec-
tion to that. It is clearly a private claim on the
face of it. It admits that it is for a multitude of
"i-ivate claims. That is the only difference. I
Treasury, and which cannot be had; and in con-
sequence of our failure to obtain these funds which
have been appropriated) our officers there have
been compelled to contract the very liabilities re-
ferred to m this amendment.
Unexpended balances in the United States Treasury due to
the Indian service in Oregon and IVashingtow.) Jipiil 21,
1882.
WASHINGTON.
Nisqually,    nn
~6h' li'ios oo
WaiiVwiiiW,&c 
Yakima  17
N<*x Percf     db,01n 1/
Flathead,    21,7-41 00
Qumaiclt,     
S'Klallams....   12,930 75
$221,361 26
make the point of order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the stringent
vule applied to Kansas will not be extended to
Oregon. Let it be confined to Kansas altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know what the Senator
means. It is my duty, as the person having this
bill in charge, to make these objections and these
questions of order, and, whether it is for Kansas,
Oregon, Maine, or any other State, I shall make
them precisely in the same way. it is not ex-
tending a rule one way or the other . The simple
question is, is it in order? If it is in order, then
it will be acted upon by the Senate. If it is not
in order, it must be excluded. It is my duty to
make these objections.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is my duty also,
after having acted upon the committee in favor of
this claim, to ask that it be put upon this Indian
appropriation bill, and I supposed that perhaps,
by making the suggestion I did, it would excite
some sympathy for Oregon.-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that it is
a question of sympathy at all. It is a mere ques-
tion of the rules of the Senate. If they are to be
overborne on account of sympathy for this place
or that, this class of payments or that, that is
another question. The Senate can do as it pleases.
The question simply is whether the amendment
is in order.
Mr. NESMITH. I ask the Senator to have
read the particular rule to which he refers as ex-
cluding this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been read twice at
the desk. It may be read again if the Senator
wishes it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The proposi-
tion is excluded under the rule of the Senate, if it
be in the nature of a private claim, unless it be to
carry out the provisions of some existing law or
treaty stipulation.
Mr. NESMITH. In connection with that sub-
ject, I should bice to make a statement. Portions
of these claims arise under treaty stipulations,
and the other portions of them were expenditures
incurred in maintaining peace in that country.
Tiie Department estimated for $126,455 46 to
cover those outstanding liabilities contracted prior
to July 1, J8S1. The committee, upon an exam-
ination of the matter, cut down the amount to
£80,000, being §46,455 46 less than the estimate.
Now, sir, the condition of things there is substan-
tially this: money is appropriated here for the
Indian service m that distant State and in Wash-
ington Territory, and there is more difficulty in
pelting the money from the Treasury after it isap-
propnated than there is getting the appropriations |
through, and God knows that is a difficult matter '
while'the Senator from Maine so pertinaciously,
and doubtless very propeily, opposes all these
propositions. As chairman of the Committee on
Finance, it is doubtless his duty to do it, and 1 j
make no complaint of that. But is like calling-
spirits from the vasty deep: they do not come, i
have been laboring for the yeai that I have been
here to get the money out of the Treasury that
has been appropriated for the use of the Indian de-
nartuvnt in Oregon and Washington Territory,
.•I ii—"(.aLoc show the
OREGON.
CHasta, &c $24,886 Sj
RoguelUver    o,7U>
Umpqua (Cow Creek)  M97 43
Calapooias, &c 
Confederate tribes, &c  32,140 bb
Molelas   ,030 00
$82,699 35
Incidental expenses, Oregon and Washington.. ,$24,302 37
Removal and subsistence in Oiegun and Wash-
ington  24,462 00
RECAPITULATION.
For the Indian service m Washington $221,361 26
For the Indian service in Oregon  82,699 35
For the general service in Oregon and Wash-
ington  48,764 37
$352,824 98
and which is lying here useless.
specific amounts that are due to those distant le-
gions, I will read ,in abstract, showing the bal-
" ippromidtions now leinainuig in the
g'
ances of
Here is an aggregate of §352,824 98 of appro-
priated money now remaining in the Treasury.
It was appropriated for the last and the present
fiscal year, of which not one dollar can be had.
The condition of affairs in that country is such
that the officers, in order to maintain peace,are com-
pelled to make disbursements on credit and to con-
tract liabilities. One portion of this claim arose in
this way: there was a treaty made with a large tribe
of Indians in the northeastern portion of Wash-
ington Territory, the Flatheads. The goods were
purchased in New York in 18Glt at a most exor-
bitant price, by some favorite of the department.
They were sent from New York to St. Louis, and
from St. Louis shipped to Fort Benton, on the
Missouri, at a freight of §180 a ton. Then the
agent in Washington Territory was requested to
send to Fort Benton upon the Missouri river to
obtain those goods from the Indian agent tor that
district. At a very great expense, he employed i
a pack train to go and get the goods. The agent |
at Fort Benton refused to deliver them up because
the department had not instructed him to do so.
The tram had to go back without them, and the
agent in Washington Territory was compelled to
pay the whole expense of that expedition just as
if the goods had been brought. This all arose
under a treaty stipulation. The consequence was
that he was compelled again to employ a tram to
bring the goods to him, making the expenses ot
two trips which he was necessarily compelled to
pay, while the appropriation for the execution of
that article of the treaty had been all exhausted
befoie the goods were delivered at Fort Benton.
I-Ierc was a case where the liabilities were neces-
sarily compelled to be incurred or else the whole
object of the delivery of the goods would be de-
feated. , ,
It is true, I admit, that under the general sys-
tem which has prevailed here in sending goods
to California, Oregon, and Washington Territory
immense frauds were perpetrated. Goods were
purchased which were utterly worthless, and for
which the Indians had 110 use. For instance, they
purchased large quantities of hard bread and sent
it to the Flatheads. The Flatheads did not know
what it was. They had never seen anything of the
kind before, and could make no use of it. They
also purchased large quantities of damaged couee,
and sent it out there at an expense of about forty
or fifty cents a pound freight from New York to
the Flatheads, under the pretense of carrying out
the stipulation of the treaty. That was au im-
mense fraud and swindle. The same thing is being
practiced daily. Goods are being purchased on
tin* side and sent lo that coast at an expense for
freight alone two or three times the value of the
goods, and three or four times higher than freight
is carried for by private companies. ^ :
While I was superintendent of Indian affairs in
Oregon, under Mr. Buchanan's administration—
I did not remain during his entire administration,
because I was not sufficiently dishonest or too hon-
est-, at any rate, I was removed—$9,500 worth
of old, shelf-worn, worthless goods were pur-
chased at about three times their value and sept
by express to me at Portland, Oregon. The ex-
press charges amounted to more than forty cents
a pound; and the goods could be purchased there
for less than one half the original cost, as shown
by the invoice, in New York. At the same time,
I was directed by the department to pay to Ells-
worth & Co., $10,000 freight upon that worthless
batch of goods. That is the mode in which the
thing has been conducted here.
I am happy to say that the amendments we
adopted yesterday contain a provision calculated
to prevent a repetition of this sort of frauds. I
make no charge against the presentincumbentsin
office, for I know them not. So far as I know,
they have conducted the business honestly, fairly,
and faithfully. But I do know this: I know that
when left to private enterprise freights are trans-
ported to the Pacific at a much cheaper rate than
they can be by the Government. 1 know that all
manner of business is conducted cheaper by pri-
vate enterprise. I know that most of the goods
that are required for the use of the Indian depart-
ment on the Pacific coast can be bought from the
merchants there at a less price than they can be
sent there by the Government, being purchased,
on this side, even if their agents act honestly in
the matter, which they do not always do. For
instance: there is the article of blankets._ There
is manufactured both in Oregon and California a
very superior article, and they are sold at a less
price than they can be taken from this side for.
An illustration of that is, we are shipping large
quantities of wool from both those States con-
stantly to New York, and they are there worked
up and shipped to other portions of the country.
As 1 stated before, these liabilities accrued in the
efForts of the officers there to maintain the peace
of the country, and they were necessarily com-
pelled under treaty stipulations to deliver the
goods to the Indians. It is to be borne in mind,
that money is worth from two to three per cent,
a month on that coast, and the very interest on-
this money out of which we have been kept tor a
year amounts, at the rate of interest prevailing
there, to §88,206 24. When purchases are made
011 credit, 1 admit they must be made at higher
than the current cash rates of the country; but the
amendment provides that the claims shall be sub-
mitted to the board of commissioners provided in
it. I know that ill Washington Territory—and I
allude to it injustice to the Department—there has
been trouble in relation to the transmission of
funds owing to the many changes in superintend-
ents. They have had four superintendents within
.1. _ 1-.1 m/vniliB F r> 17*0 It mi a 1'ir 1 ftfil .a hill
the'last fourteen months. In February, 1861, a bill
was passed dividing Washington and Oregon into
two superintendcncies. Mr. Geary, who was su-
perintendent of the whole, relinquished the juris-
diction over Washington Territory , and a man by
the name of Miller was appointed just on the heel
of the Buchanan Administration as it was going
out of power. When the new Administration
came in, Miller was removed,and a gentleman by
the name of Kendall was appointed. Mr. Ken-
dall has recently been removed, and a Mr. -p-a'e
appointed. There have been four superintendents
within a short time, and not one ot them has been
permitted to remain long enough m his nest to be-
come warm m it before he was removed 1 do not
know the reason for it. 'As there is but a small
population m Washington Territory, and hat is
I good office, perhaps they are determined to give
every man a turn at it. [Laughter.] But I know
the result of the thing has been that we have been
deprived of the funds necessary to conduct the
business of the Indian department there. Nearly
three hundred thousand dollars of the funds ap-
propriated for this fiscal year are now left in the
Treasury, and not a dollar of that amount can be
sent there fur the next ninety days. That will be
a year and a half after the funds should have been
there and should have been expended for the cur-
rent fiscal year before they can receive a dollar oi it.
I admit that a portion of this amendment is per-
