136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
on 'the energies of the West. We are now called
upon, with the experience of past years before
us, to repeat the same error. I, for one, as a Rep-
resentative of the West, speaking on behalf of
the West, and also speaking in the interest of the
soldier—because I tell you that my heart is in this
contest, in the field rather than in the delibera-
tions of this body—am opposed to the amend-
ment.
' Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
when I came here at the first of the session, I
hardly supposed that it would be deemed prudent
or judicious to touch the public lands at all. Rut
I have been disappointed in that, and it is a ques-
tion now whether we shall give away the whole
of the public lands or not. I ask the House to
look for a single moment at the quantity of land
which we now have. I understand by the report
of the Secietary of the Interior that we have about
one hundred ixnd thirty-four million acrcs of land
already surveyed. If we were to give bounty
lands to the soldiers it would entirely exhaust ail
that we now have; and I undertake to say that
of those which are now surveyed, if you were to
offer to give them away for nothing you could not
induce settlement on half of them. The reason
why I supposed that these public lands would not
be touched was in consequence of the great change
in our position. I should deem it as inconsistent
for us now to refuse anything more than the ordi-
nary appropriations to carry on the Government
in ordinary times, as I should to throw away our
means and resources for defraying these extraor-
dinary expenses. It must be admitted that here at
home,among our own financiers, as well as among
those abroad, the public lands are a resource that
is relied upon as a security for the payment of our
public debt, and of the interest thereon. Now I
undertake to say that it will be very disastrous to
our public credit to part with any portion of our
means at the present time.
In another aspect of the case, let me ask what
will bounty lands be worth to the soldier if we
are to pass a general homestead law? Clearly
nothing. I think, therefore, that the best policy
for us is to postpone this measure, for the present
at least. Let us see whether we can come up to
this sound maxim in morals: to be just befoie we
are generous. Let us see whether we can pay all
ordinary and extraordinary demands before we
become lavish of gifts. I do believe that the pas-
sago of so sweeping a measure tit this time would
cripple our resources at this particular juncture,
and would have a very baneful effect on any nego-
tiations of the Secretary of the Treasury now or
hereafter.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Vermont yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not. I know
that it will be objected to me particularly that I
have introduced a measure of peilmps a kindled
character, to donate certain lands for the promo-
tion of agriculture and tile mechanic arts—for the
education of the great masses of our country.
Now, lam willing to say that if I cannot, when that
measure comes up, show to this House that instead
of diminishing the value of our public lands it
will increase it, I will not ask a vote in favor of it
in this House. I believe that its passage will not
only increase the value of our yet uncultivated
land, but that it will increase the value of our long-
cultivated lands in the old States more than fifty
times the amount of what will be appropriated. I
do not want, however, to bring that up as an an-
tagonistic measure to this. 1 am committed to
the general principles of the homestead law, and
would, in ordinary times, vote for it; but I should
consider it now a suicidal policy to pass so sweep-
ing a measure as this. As well might the sailor
refuse to take in his sails when the storm arises
as for ua to refuse to recognize the grcatdifference
in our position at this time and our position a year
ago. I therefore move that this measure be post-
poned till the first Monday m February next.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Vermont
bases his argument on the assumed fact that the
policy of this bill strikes at the resources of the
country on which this war is to be prosecuted. I
supposed, Mr. Speaker, that that argument had
been abandoned in all quartets. It is shown by
the report of the Secretary of the Inteiior that
these public lands have, within the past year, paid
but a few dollars more than the expenses of keep-
ing up the land system. And I believe it is true
that, during the last twelve or thirteen years, these
lands have ceased to be of any practical or sub-
stantial benefit to the country as a source of rev-
enue. Our purpose is, or ought to be, to have
them settled and improved, and thereby made the
subject of taxation and the sources of wealth to
the Government. That will necessarily benefit
the soldier and the people generally.
It is objected that'this bill will place the soldier
very nearly on a level with all other persons who
may settle on these lands under its provisions. I
think that that is not a valid objection. If these
lands under this policy are settled and made a
source of added wealth to the country; if they are
cut up into small farms, to be tilled by their oc-
cupants, who will build villages, school houses,
and churches, and establish free homes and or-
ganized civil communities in the wildeme?s,then,
instead of the soldiers receiving detriment from
the adoption of this policy, they will share in the
blessings and benefits it will yield to other settlers
and to the whole country. It seems to me that
we ought to recognize and accept as a wise policy
that which will promote the highest interest of the
soldier by conferring the greatest possible benefit
on the country, and that the objections urged by
the gentleman from Vermont are therefore not
well taken, and I hope the motion to postpone will
not prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Speaker, I must say
that I fail to see the force of the argument of the
gentleman who has just addressed the House on
this question. If the public lands have not been
heretofore a source of advantage and profit to the
country, the gentleman has failed to show that
they may not hereafter become a source of profit.
It seems to me that he has failed to show that,
after all, it is for the advantage of the soldiers
that this homestead bill shall pass in its present
shape. I concur with the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] that it is all-important, at
this time, that we retain the public lands just as
they arc, in order that they may be made a basis
for the public credit.
Now, sir, if it be true, as the gentleman from
Vermont alleges—and I have no doubt it is true—
that, by adopting the amendment proposed, and j
giving to the soldiers these bounty land warrants, '
we are to flood the whole country again, as it has
been flooded, with them, it cannot be for the ad-
vantage of the soldiers. We of the East know that
these warrants have been in the market and have
been sold, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
lamdigiiam] says, for a mere song. So far as I
am acquainted with the subject, the soldiers from
the East do notask for these land warrants. They
do not expect a bounty of that kind. If they are
to have a bounty, let it come in money, that they
may be able to go on these western lands, and
furnish them and settle on them. I believe that
the soldiers would be better satisfied to-day if
Congress would let this whole matter pass by, so
far as it relates to them. If we should postpone
this hill till February next, the country will bo
better satisfied with our course than if we force
it through at the present time and under present
circumstances. I am in favor of the proposition
that the matter be postponed till February next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, and 1 desire to make it upon my
friend fioin Maine, because I know it will not be
misunderstood by him, I ask whether this debate
is in order upon n motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
debatable to a limited extent. It is not, however,
in order to go into a discussion upon the general
merits of the bill upon tlnit motion.
Mr. POTTER. I do not propose at this time
to discuss at any considerable length the policy
of a homestead measure generally, nor as to the
propriety of adopting this measure at the present
time.
Mr. Speaker, I mast confess my surprise at the
apparent change which has taken place upon the
part of some gentlemen who have hitherto sup-
ported the homestead policy. If this measure is
a wise one to be adopted; it, as we have been led
to suppose by the arguments which we have heard
upon this floor for eight or ten years past, the
homestead policy is a wise policy to be adopted
at any time, it is most surely a wise one at the
present time. What is this policy in relation to
our public lands ? It is, that these lands in their
present unoccupied condition, being entirely un-
productive, yielding no revenue to the Govern-
ment at the present time, and furnishing the basis
of no credit so long as they remain unproductive,
it is our duty to procure, if possible, the settlement
upon, and occupation of, these lands, in order that
they may become productive, and thus constitute
a basis of wealth which may be made available to
the revenues of the Government. This, sir, is the
policy which we desire to carry out, and we ask
the friends of the homestead principle in this
House whether there can be a time when this pol-
icy could be more important than at the present
time, when we arc borrowing money in such im-
mense sums as at present to pay the expenses of
the present war ? Here are these millions of unoc-
cupied acres of the public lands; they are of no
benefit to the Government, nor are they of any
benefit to individuals. Ey this policy we propose
to invite the settlementofthese lands bypernutting
all who may desire to go there and locate upon
them, and invest their money there.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
proposes to postpone the consideration of this bill
until February next. Why, sir, if it ever be wise
to adopt it at all, I repeat, it is wise to adopt it now,
when all the revenues within the reach of the Gov-
ernment are required to meet the expenses of the
war. Pass this measure now, and before Febru-
ary next tens of thousands of these acres of lands
may be occupied and made to contribute thereby
to the aggregate wealth of the country from which
the revenues of the Government are derived. But
while the gentleman from Vermont proposes to
postpone this measure, he also gives as a reason
that in the present condition of the Treasury, in the
present condition of the country, the public credit
will suffer if our policy m relation to the public
lands is now put into operation. Why, sir, I have
already shown that,on the contrary, it will have
the effect ofenlarging the basis of our public credit.
It will enlarge and extend it, because it will make
available millions of acres ofland that arc not now
available for the purpose of meeting the liabilities
of the Government. These lands will then become
productive, and will enable thousands who are not
now tax-payers to become tax-payers, and thereby
contribute to the revenues of the Government.
But, sir, while the gentleman from Vermont
will not encourage the immediate occupation of
these lands by actual settlers, he is willing to ap-
propriate millions of acres of the public lands for
the benefit of agricultural colleges. Let me ask
that gentleman whether the donation of these lands
for the purposes of his bill docs not just as effect-
ually take out of the hands of the Government
this basis of public credit of which he speaks, as
to donate them to men who desire to go there and
make for themselves homes—persons who arc
witling to cultivate the lands, improve them, and
make valuable that which is now valueless both
to the Government and to individuals?
These remarks will also apply to the position
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ivel-
LEy.] If it is important that this measure should
be passed at all, I repeat it is important that it
should be passed now. We propose to adopt pre-
cisely that pohcy in relation to our public lands
that should have been adopted years ago, and
which, if it had been adopted, would have saved
our western country from the evils brought upon
it by speculators, it would have saved the cul-
tivator of the soil from the clog that has been
placed upon it by those who have had capital to
buy up land in Urge quantities. I hope those
gentlemen who have been friends of the home-
stead pohcy, who have m years gone by advo-
cated that policy, will not shrink from accepting
it now that it is within our reach. We know the
source of the opposition to this bill. We know
fj om whence has proceeded such opposition here-
tofore. It is from the very men who are now en-
gaged in a wicked rebellion against this Govern-
ment. They are the persons; and that is the class
of people who are opposed to the adoption of this
policy; and I am soiry that there should be any
person m this House opposed to this rebellion and
opposed to land monopolies who will stand up
here and ask that this beneficent measure shall be
postponed.
I hope the bill will pass, and that it will pass
now. The people have been asking for it for
