3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
rency of any nation except the precious metals,
and that if a mixed currency was indulged, and
paper was to be received as part of the circulation,
it should be, as a general rule, always a convert-
ible paper; that any bank, or other institution
issuing a paper as currency, should always be in
the immediate presence of responsibility, by being
required at all times to redeem its paper in gold
and silver. I hold that these are tne just and
proper, and the only safe principles of currency;
and if there is any exception to the existence and
operation of these principles allowable, the excep-
tion should be temporary, and should be produced
by an extraordinary necessity. I voted for the
first bill to issue the demand notes upon the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I shall vote against the present bill,and against
all efforts to continue that system of policy, and
I will state one or two reasons why I will give
this vote.
I had the greatest doubt in my mind whether
it was not unconstitutional lo make ihe demand
notes a legal tender; and it was with exceeding
difficulty timt I nt length came to the conclusion
that I would consider that objection as overruled
by the pressing and immediate demand for money,
and the inability to raise it 111 time for the great
exigence in any other mode, without enormous
discount. That state of things does not now ex-
ist, as the Government can raise money without
impressing on its paper the prestige of legal tender.
But, Mr. President, I also voted for that bill as
a single and isolated measure. I did not voiu for
it to inaugurate a permanent system of policy.
What is the remarkable announcement from the
Treasury Department in relation to such an issue
of Government paper as a permanent system of
policy on the present occasion? It is complained
that the Slate banks do not redeem their paper in
gold and silver, that they are in a slate of suspen-
sion. Is not the Government iu the same condi-
tion? Does it become the Government to make
that complaint in the nature of a chargc of griev-
ance and wrong perpetrated by the banks upoti the
Government and the country, when the Govern-
ment itself is in the some default,and when thccx-
avnplo of the Government and the necessary conse-
quences have been so potential in producing and
continuing this state o| suspension by the banks?
And what now ia the system of the Secretary of the
frensuiy which is about being developed in this
Chamber? It is this; that the circulation of the
Government itselfshall not bo convertible into gold
and silver at ihe pleasure of ilie holder, and that,
notwithstanding this want of convertibility, ihe
Government shall have ihe privilege of issuni"- a
circulation tlmt will be equal to all the commercial
demands of the country, ami that this inconverti-
ble circulation of the Government, issued lo.wcli
an enormous amount, shall take the place of and
expel tile whole circulation of ihe State banks. I
hold thnt a more bold and mischievous project was
never conceived than that the Government should
have, without limit, the power of issuing an irre-
deemable paper circulation with the avowed policy
and Object of excluding from circulation and anni-
hilating all the issues of the State banks. A more
gigantic scheme, fur the purpose of increasing the
power of the Government and enabling it to domi-
nate absolutely over the whole pecuniary concerns
of the country, never was suggested. Are gentle-
men prepared to give any countcnance to such a
grand andencroaehingscheme ? For myself,sir,at
the threshold, in its germ, and before it has com-
menced us development in fulfilling the financial
designs of the present Secretary of the Treasury,
I will protest against it, and will vote against it
Senate^ ^ 111 w'"cl1 'l may come up in the
What were we told when the first bill author-
izing these demand notes, and making them a
legal tender, was passed ? That it was not to in-
augurate apohcy. Gold was then at a premium
of four or five per cent. An honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] proclaimed from
his seat, a few days ago, in remonstrance against
this measure, that the effect of the proposition it-
self would be to greatly enhance the price of o-old
and such has been the result. When this second
legal tender bill from the Treasury Department
was first talked of m the Senate, gold I believe
was worth five per cunt. It is woith now eight
2!!iV^'!.por !imi whatis il 'hat has pro-
aucea ttusaepreciation of paper and this enhance-
ment of the price of gold ? It is simply the pros-
pect of greatly enlarging the issue of the paper
currency. The issue of this paper is just like
that of all other irredeemable paper. The effect
is to increase the price of gold, and increase the
price of property generally, and to diminish the
value of the paper; and it consequently takes a
larger and astill increasing amount of the paper to
answer the ordinary commercial transactions of
the country*, and they who have any property to
sell raise a cry for more paper, because of the en-
hanced price of their property, the paper being
the medium by which the value of the property is
to be measured. The more such paper is aug-
mented the effect is to increase the appetite which
it feeds. The more paper that is issued the more is
required to answer the business transactions of the
country, until the currencjr^ecomes utterly vi-
cious. The Secretary avows this to be his policy
for the establishment of a great absorbing national
currency; at least such I understand to be the dec-
laration of the Senator from Ohio: ho will go on
developing his system, gradually increasing the
i issue of this Government paper, irredeemable in
: gold and silver, until it reaches a point that will
annihilate and exclude from circulation all the is-
sues of State banks. Is that the character ofthe
war of hostility that the Secretary intends to make
upon the State banks ? Is it in this way that he in-
tends to create for the United States Government
a great controlling fiscal enginery that would en-
able it to crush all State banks, and give to itself
indefinite facilities and power?
I am glad that this schem'o has been revealed to I
the Senate so early. It will be notice to Senators I
and to the country of what is to be expected from
the financial scheme of this vaulting Secretary of
the Treasury,and whatextcnsive hostility hemed-
iiates upon the interests of the State banks, and
npon the owners of stock in them, by his future
financial policy. 1 think that the country and the
State banks will take the alarm; that the Senate
will take the alarm, and they will meet at the on-
set this announced hostile project on the part of
the Secretary of the Treasury against their inter-
ests. J think they ought to do so.
The PRESIDENTprotewwore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE, I do not feel content to let this
amendment go to a vote without saying a word
against it; and yet 1 am not prepared to debate it at
length. I am very sorry to have the proposition
pleased at Ihis time. It seems to me very clear
that the country at large is not prepaied for it. I
do not think it has been generally anticipated,
i am very well satisfied that many portions of the
country must be very ill prepared to meet this
tax.
Mr. SHERMAN, f will state to the Senator
and to others, because ho is aware of it, that this
proposition was first directly made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in his annual report; it was
talked of before; and it was discussed in the pub-
lic prints. The reason why I did not offer it as
an amendment to the tax bill was because the
same proposition was contained in a banking bill
pending1 iti the House of Representatives; but that
will not be passed this session, and I therefore
desire to press this as an independentproposition.
Mr. 1x0 Wk. Although the fact is as the Sen-
atorfrom Ohio states it, that does not controvert
the truth of the teniark £ just now made, that the
country is not prepared for a measure of this kind
it has not been expected, it lias not been looked
ehlt 1101 ')ccn discussed as one of the series
of Government measures by which the exigencies
of these times are to be met, 1 am a little at a loss
now to know precisely what the purpose of the
senator from Ohio is in pressing it. I did under-
stand from one portion of the argument he em-
ployed in suppoit ofthe amendment, that his de-
sign was to drive out of circulation the notes of
local banks, and that therefore he did not intend
this as a revenue measure; that his purpose was
not to get a revenue from this circulation, but to
dtive this paper out of circulation and substitute
for it the notes of the United States; and yet m
another portion of his argument I understood him
to insist that the effect would not be to drive the
notes of the local banks out of circulation; that
the tax itself as now proposed would not be op-
pressive upon them. I understood him to argue
that they could well afford to pay it, that really a
bank which circulates §100,000 of notes was levy-
ing upon the community $6,000, and could well
afford to pay to the Government $2,000 as a por-
tion of its revenue. If that proposition be true,
the effect of this tax, if levied, will not be to drive
them out of circulation—because if the banks can
make money in spite of the tax the notes will still
continue in circulation—you have not done any-
thing to prevent an inflation of the currency; you
have not done anything to improve or to change
the character of the currency; it will remain the
same. It then becomes a revenue measure, and
not a measure to affect the character or quantity
of the currency.
Mr. President, there are some reasons, I think
perhaps peculiar to the financial policy of the State
of Wisconsin, which induce me to hope that this
measure will not bo adopted at this time, whether
the purpose of it be to increase the revenues or to
change the currency of the country. If the pur-
pose be to increase the revenues by laying this
tax upon the banks, I have to say, on behalf of
the banks of the State of Wisconsin, that they
cannot afford it; it would be ruinous to them. It
is one third, thirty-three and one third per cent,
on the income of their business; and that is a tax
that you lay upon no other kind of business. It
is a tax that no business, whether bank business
or any other, can stand. If the purpose of the
amendment be to change the character of the cur-
rency, it would operate very disastrously not
merely on the banks of the State of Wisconsin,
but upon the people of that State, and upon the
State itself. The bank circulation of the State of
Wisconsin is all secured upon the stocks of the
Government of the United States, or of some State.
It is required by law to be so secured. For every
dollar of paper in circulation, there must be de-
posited with the comptroller of the State stocks
worth a dollar in the market. The disturbed con-
dition of the currency, and of the business ofthe
country during the last two years, has operated
most disastrously on the bankers of that State,
and very disastrously upon the people ofthe State
among whom their paper is circulated.
At the commencement of these difficulties, the
circulation of that State was secured upon the
stocks mostly of southern States, which were de-
clining rapidly in price. The State of Wisconsin
was not permitted, by her constitution, to issue
herown stocks exceeding §100,000, except in case
of war. She had a funded debt of $100,000, that
was held, I believe, by the banks, and to that ex-
tent was the basis of circulation; the deficiency
was made up bv the stocks of southern States;
they depreciated; depreciated rapidly; and the
banks had to make them good as fast as thevfell
in the market; had to increase their account'with
the comptroller's office. That proved beyond the
ability of a great many of the banks; those had
to be closed up, and to that extent the people suf-
fered in the circulation. To meet the exigencies
of war, the State was authorized by its constitu-
tion to increase its funded debt, and it did issue
stocks to theamountof §1,000,000. So far as those
stocks have been sold, they have been purchased
by the banks of that State, and are now held by
the comptroller as security for the circulation of
those banks. The effect, therefore, of a measure
of taxation which would drive that circulation out
of the market, as you see, would be to diminish
the value of those stocks; they would be thrown
upon the market at once, and the credit of the
State would suffer; the present holders of the
stocks would suffer, by having them forced upon
the market at once, and of course their business,
so far as it relates [o the issuing of notes for cir-
culation, would be at an end.
It is a disaster that I would extremely regret to
have imposed upon thatState at the present time;
it is a disaster that I would regret to have imposed
upon j tat any time; but to have it imposed suddenly
and on the heels of all that we have suffered here-
tofore, would be, not to say ungenerous, very
hard. Undoubtedly the people of that State have
losfwithin the. last eighteen months, in the de-
preciation of theircirculation,$500,000; the bank-
ers, in the depreciation of their stocks, have lost at
least $1,000,000, and in the depreciation of prop-
erty consequent u pon this, $20,000,000 at a modest
calculation, and I would sooner say $40,000,000.
Indeed, my judgment is, that Wisconsin could
have been bought sixty days ago for fifty percent,
