2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
haps open to the objection stated by the Senator
from Maine; but I understand it is not divisible.
I think as a matter of justice to tile people there,
to the claimants and the Indian, this appropriation
should be made. It is cut down $46,455 46 less
than the Department estimated for upon the esti-
mates submitted by the officers in that State and
Territory.
Mr. WILKINSON. Before the question is
taken on this amendment I wish to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is on the
point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question of
order is raised upon the amendment wnich must
be first decided.
Mr. WILKINSON. I did not favor the amend-
ment myself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
no hesitation on this question upon the statements
of the Senator from Oregon, admitting that a por-
tion of it is for the war debt in Oregon 
Mr. NESMITH. The Chair misapprehended
me. It has no connection with the war debt.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. For the de-
fense of Oregon; the Indian wars in Oregon.
Mr. NESMITH. No, sir; there is no war in
connection with it. It is to prevent wars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not
change the nature of the claim. It is admitted that
a part of it is not in pursuance of any existing
treaty stipulation. The Senator claims that a
portion of it is in pursuance of treaty stipulation.
If he would bring this amendment within the rule,
the amount proposed to be appropriated must be
limited to what is claimed to be in pursuance of
such stipulation. Theamendment therefore,under
the rule of the Senate, is not in order. The Sen-
ator enn avail himself of an appeal from that de-
cision if it is not satisfactory.
Mr. WILKINSON. Perhaps it will be in order
after the amendment I propose shall be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it stands now, it is
rejected and not before the Senate. If the Senator
desires to offer it in another shape, that would be
a diflerenf, tiling.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon is not
before the Senate. The Chair ruled it out of or-
'Jer, subject to ail uppenl.
Mr. WILKINSON. The amendment I wish
to move would leave it without any appropriation
at nil.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. What change
does the Senator from Minnesota desire in rela-
tion to that amendment?
Mr. WILKINSON. The same I advocated
in committee: that if there was a commission ap-
pointed, Congress should provide that that com-
mission should make a report, and that report
should be submitted to Congress for its action
hereafter. I would not consent to leave a roving
commission to settle claims in this way.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
consent of the Senate, if 1 can get it, to increase
the appropriation for Utah and New Mexico from
§5,000 to |l0,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
in order after the hill shall huve been reported to
the Senate, and when the Senate shall consider
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question upon concurring in all the
amendments in the aggregate except such as shall
be indicated by Senators for a separate and dis-
tinct vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would indicate all of
them for a separate and distinct vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
amendments will be taken up seriatim. The first
amendment adopted in Committee of the Whole
will be read, the question being on concurring
m it.
1 he first amendment was to strike out the word
"insurance" wherever it occurred in the bill.
I he amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was to add:
To carry into effect the treaty of Kebruarv, 1861 with
Arapahoes and Cheyenne Tiidians of the Upper Arkansas
For surveying the exterior of the reservation, and divid-
Ing the same between the two tribes, estimated to be three
hundred and fifty miles, at an expense of ten dollars per
mile for surveying, $3,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in committee was
to add:
For the first of fifteen installments of annuity of $30,000,
to be expended for their benefit; that is to say, $15,000 per
annum for each tribe, commencing with the year in which
they shall remove to and settle upon their reservations, for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, $30,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in committee was
to add:
Also for the same object for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1863, $3a,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in committee was
to add:
For transportation, and necessary expenses of delivering
of annuities, goods, and provisions to the Arapnhoes and
Cheyenne Indians of the Upper Arkansas riverfor the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862, $5,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in committee was
to add:
Also for the same object for the fiscal year ending June
30,1863, $5,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in committee was
to add:
For Indian service in Nevada Territory:
For pay of interpreter, $500.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to present by a single
vote the question upon all these various amend-
ments for additional interpreters, for additional
presents of goods and clothing to the Indians, and
for incidental expenses in addition to the annual
appropriations. We may as well have it upon the
first one; that is, for pay of interpreter in Nevada.
These are new interpreters not now provided for
by law or by treaty stipulation. I will therefore
call for the yeas and nays upon one of these amend-
ments, unci will consider that vote as indicating
the sense of the Senate upon the question whether
they will nowappropriute for interpreters and for
additional presents of goods and clothing to the
Indians, &c., beyond the amount authorized by
treaties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read all the amendments indicated by tho Sen-
ator from Ohio, for interpreters, together.
Mr. SHERMAN. All these amehdments are
for new items of expenditures, not estimated for
by the Indian Bureau, not estimated for in the
annual estimates, and not provided for by exist-
ing treaties. I desire a vote upon one of them—
I do not care which—as a test question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Senator
from Ohio will indicate the amendments on which
he desires a separate vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Prom line forty-six to line
seventy-five of the amendments submitted by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those amend-
ments witl be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
For Indian scrvico in Nevada Terntory:
For pay of interpreter, $500.
For presents of gooth and clothing to Indians, to be ex-
pended by the superintendent of Indian affairs, $5,000.
For incidental expenses in Nevada Territory, including
oflice and traveling expenses, $2,000.
For Indian service in Colorado Territory:
For pay of mterpietcr, $500.
For presents of goods and clothing to Indian'!, to be ex-
pended by the superintendent of Indian aifaus, $5,000.
For incidental expenses in Coloiado Termor)', including
office and traveling expenses, $2,000.
For the Indian service in Utah Teiritory for fiscal year
ending June 30, 1863:
For interpreter lor Shoshone*, $1,000.
For interpreter for Tuhb, $1,000.
For inteipreter lor Ruby Valley agency, $500.
For interpreter for Fort BridgeV agency, $500.
For interpreter for Spanish Fork agencv, $500.
For presents of goods and clothing to Indians, to be ex-
pended by the supeiintendent of Indian affairs, $15,000.
For incidental expenses in Utah Territory, including
office and traveling expenses, $2,000.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Upon the ques-
tion of concurring in these amendments, theSen-
tttor from Ohio demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, I explained
to the Senate yesterday, and I read—and I think
the Senator from Ohio must have heard me read-
ing—from the letter of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs for Utah, showing the absolute neces-
sity of these interpreters for the Shoshones and
Utahs, and also the interpreters at the Ruby Val-
ley and Fort Bridger agencies. As yon have cut
down the amount to be expended there for the
purpose of making presents to the Indians to the
sum of $5,000 for that immense Territory, con-
taining a large amount of Indians with whom no
treaty exists, and considering that the Department
is urging us to make an appropriation to author-
ize the making of treaties with those Indians to
keep them at pcace, it seems to me it would be
cutting this appropriation down too much not to
allow even the use of these interpreters to be
employed to help to keep the peace among the
Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to be weari-
some in this matter, but in order to explain it to
Senators who probably do not care much about
it, I will state that these interpreters are in addi-
tion to those authorized by law and provided for
by treaty. They are new officers, now for the
first time provided for. There is no special ne-
cessity stated why they should now be appointed.
These appropriations have not been submitted to
the regular channels by which we can check ex-
penditures. They do not come to us in the form
of estimates from the Secretary of the Treasury
or from the Interior Department. They have
never been submitted to the scrutiny of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or if so, they have
been rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will correct the Senator
in the last statement he has made. These esti-
mates or much larger ones were submitted from
the Interior Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then they have not gone
through the regular channels—the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the House of Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. When they were submitted,
did they come in in the regular annual estimates?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; they are addi-
tional estimates.
Mr. GRIMES. Why did they not come in with
the regular annual estimates?
Mr. SHERMAN. Last November, when the
regular estimates were made out, the necessities
of the Indian service were just as well known as
they arc now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, the letter of the superintendent of
Indian affairs for Utah pointing out the necessity
for these in terprctei s, bears date January 24,1862.
That wyts after the session of Congress had com-
menced, and after the regular estimates were made
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. This Indian service, as has
been shown by the statements made by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, the Senator from Minne-
sota, and the Senator from Oregon, has been most
shamefully managed m the past. There have been
most scandalous frauds, as those Senators have
stated. In one case stated by the Senator from
Minnesota, a certain person took a large amount
of money, and what has become of it we do not
know. The statement made by the Senator from
Oregon shows that there have been the grossest
frauds. We know that when these Indian agents
and superintendents scattered all over the country
are permitted to have interpreters, they will tx\\ask
lor them, and will appoint every white man who
goes into the Indian neighborhood. I do not choose,
therefore, to vote for these additional appropria-
tions, unless the estimates come to us through the
ordinary official channels. I do notdesire to make
any new offices at this time of difficulty, until the
necessity of it is made apparent in each particu-
lar case. No injustice can be done by rejecting
these appropriations, because I think the bill it-
self provides some $24,000 for interpreters, a sum
which has been amply sufficient in the past, and
I have no doubt will be in the future; and unless
we check these new offices here and now, as a
matter of course we never can in the future. It
you now provide for an interpreter to all these
different Indian agcncies, you will provide for it
in all time to come, because the interpreter being
established as an officer at that agency will be
estimated for the next year, and so on from now
until the last Indian disappears from the vast west-
ern plains. I hope, therefore, the Senate will con-
fine itself, and so far as I am concerned I shall
vote to confine appropriations for the Indian de-
