1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
I presume is known to the advocates of this meas-
ure in the Senate. 1 see from a sppech reported
iu the Globe, made by a member of the House,
concurring in opinion with the advocates of this
measure, that the mgro's attachment to his na-
tive land is well undersioocfby the member, [Mr.
Davis, 'of Pennsylvania.] 1 will read the extract
to which I refer:
"Yet of the 53,000 free blacks in Pennsylvania, only
15,000 are not native born. Why have this people, with so
many reasons to impel them, not migrated to the Noith?
Why do they adheio with such persistence to theit native
soil? Tins love of homo is strikingly illustrated by the fol-
lowing figures from the census of 1850 : Of the 54,303 fiee
blacks in the State of Virginia, only 533 were boin out of
the State; of the 18,073 m Dulavvaie, only 1,141; of the
74,723 in Man land, only 1.367; and ot the*27,463 in Noith
Carolina, but 645 weie boui out of the Stnlo ; or of a tola!
frtje population in these four States of 174,000, only 3,6S6
are foreign born, or a tnfie over two percent. This shows
plainly that tiie black is not migratoty, and that our people
have little to apprehend fiom a i.ice thusd<jep-rooted in the
soil of the South, fs it not doing violence to nsht mason
and the facts- to assume that the negro would abandon the
home that he has clung to under such advetae circum-
stance". with the first step towards rendeung hiscxi-teiiee
tolerable? I am satisfied that gentlemen have allowed their
prejudice to cloud their judgment; and when they come to
review the facts, they will agree with mo that, with eman-
cin&Upn, the exodus of the negro will be southward, and
that soon, of ail the free blacks i evident in the cold North,
one half or moie would take up the line of inarch to the
sunny land of Dixie.
" i Whore the yam will grow, the cotton blow,
They'll raise the tice and com;
And never they"11 feai if never they hear
The diivei blow 1ns horn.' "
Assuming that the attachment of the negro to
his " native soil" is as Mr. Davis represents,and
that all the free negroes in the non-slaveholding
States are, as he intimates, to be colonized for
settlement in the now slaveholdingStates, and that
the advocates of this bill so undeistand their pro-
posed schemes of emancipation, colonization, and
settlement, the conclusion that \l is their purpose
to Africanize American society in the southern
States is irresistible. If this be their purpose, I
assure them they are mistaken. Self-preservation
would compel the States within which slavery
now exists, if the slaves were emancipated, either
to expel them from the State or recnslave them. If
expelled, where would they go? The non-slave-
holding States, many of them, exclude them by ex-
press constitutional provision; others would do so,
for we are told by tne advocates of emancipation
that the negro is not to be permitted, when liber-
ated, to come into their States. What follows?
Extermination or reenslavement. Can it be pos-
sible thai the Christian sentiment of the North,
which it is said demands the abolition of slavery,
desires the extermination of the negro racer Such,
I trust, is not the sentiment of any consideiahle
number of persons anywhere. The result would
be that the States would do what, they have the
acknowledged constitutional rigbUodo,reenslave
them. The wehbeing, if not, the existence, of the
white race would demand their reenslavement,
and it would be done. I ask, then, what good to
either race would be accomplished by the passage
of this section of the bill?
The Senator from Illinois,[Mr. Trumbull,] the
patron of this bill, as I undeistood him, admitted
the want of power in Congress to forfeit real es-
tate for a longer period than the life of the owner.
If I am in error, I desire to be corrected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator certainly mis-
understood me. 1 said that I was inclined to think
Congress could not forfeit the real estate of a con-
victed traitor longer than for life; but the bill which
is pending proposes not to forfeit the real estate
of convicted traitors, but to forfeit the property of
persons who cannot be convicted, who are beyond
the reach of judicial process. It is not a bill against
persons who can be reached by judicial process.
Mr. CARLILE. I thank the Senator, because
I desire to understand his position. I now under-
stand him to say that, while it is not in the power
of Congress, aided by the judicial department of
the Government, upon trial and conviction for
treason, to confiscate the real estate of the traitor
beyond his life, Congress can yet of itself, with-
out the intervention of the judicial department of
the Government, infliet that punishment, not upon
a convicted traitor, but upon one who in the eye
of the law is presumed to be innocent until he is
proven to be guilty. That is to say, you may
without conviction impose a heavier penalty than
can be imposed upon guilt being ascertained and
judgment being pronounced. It is worse than 1
supposed. Such a proposition I shall not detain
the Senate by discussing.
The Senator referred us, in his argument, to
several decisionsoftheSupremeCourt. Ihaveex-
amined those cases. JNotone^f them bears upon
his proposition. In Brown's case the court seem
to say that Congress can by legislation provide for
the confiscation of enemy property. This is not
authority for the confiscation of the private prop-
erty of our own citizens, although they may be reb-
els. The Constitution provides against the con-
fiscation or forfeiture of the estate of the latter m as
plain language as it forbids the enactment of bills
of attainder. That this bill is a hill of attainder, as
such bills have been defined by our own judges,
is beyond tjae shadow of a doubt. The Supreme
Court has said that " a bill of attainder may effect
the life of an individual, or may confiscate his prop-
erty, or both." Judge Tucker says a bill of pains
and penalties is a bill of attainder. The true defini-
tion of a bill of attainder, is any bill providing for
the infliction of punishment by Congress for po-
litical offenses, without the intervention of the
judicial department of the Government—without
legal trial. Such bilN the Constitution prohibits
and forbids, and takes care to secure to the citizen
a jury trial, and to secure him from being deprived
of his property without due process of law. Con-
gress can as welt pass a bill making it the duty of
the President to order the seizure by such officers,
military or civil, as he may designate, of all per-
sons in the seceded States, and direct the officers
so seizing them to hang them without the inter-
vention of judge or jury, as they can pass this bill
which makes it the duly of the Piesident to order
such officers as ho may designate, military or civil,
to seize the property of the citizens of the seceded
States, and confiscate it.
But, say the advocates of confiscation, there
ought to be such a power, and therefore we will
enact such a law. How dilferentsuch sentiments
from those given us by the Father of his Country.
Washington says:
" If, in the opinion of the people, the distribution or mod-
ification of constitutional powets be wiong in any paitie-
ular, let it be corrected by an amendment in the way which
the Constitution designates. Bui let there be no change by
usurpation; lot though this in one instance may he tlx: in-
strument of good, it j*< the Cu-Houifuy weapon by which
free governments are deployed. The precedent mint al-
wajs greatly ovci balance in peunancnt evil any paitial oi
transient benefit which the um* can at any nine yield."
Mr. President, the advocates of this hill would
have us believe that although in time of peace the
Constitution is the paramount law of the land, in
time of war it ceases to be of binding obligation, and
therefore feeling the want of constitutional power
they seek to show, by citations fiom Grotius and
others, that such a measure is authouzed by the
law of nations, forgetting that the laws nf war fix
the rules by which separate and independent na-
tions are to be governed when engaged in war with
each other. Senators who contend for the power
to enact this hill ignore the great fact which lies at
the foundation of all our institutions, that this is
a Government of limited powers, eleaily defined m
a wiitten Constitution forbidding the exercise of
any power not authouzed by it, and denying to
the legislative branch of the Government the au-
thority to enact any law which is not authorized
by a giant of power.
It is unnecessary to detain the Senate by a ref-
erence to authorities to show that this is a Gov-
ernment of limited poweis, such as 1 have stated
it to be. It is an admitted truth that no man, I take
it, at this day will dispute. But, Mr. President,
I deny that the laws of war authorize any such
measure as this bill proposes; and i go fuither,and
deny that even if sanctioned by the laws of war
Congress could enact any such law, unless the
power were given m the Constitution. I deny, as
Senators seem to suppose, that in tune of rebel-
lion the Constitution is a dead letter. I deny
what the rebels assert, and whatSenators seem to
admit, that the act of rebellion has destroyed con-
stitutional government, and left us at the mercy
of the umestramed will of Congress. Let us see
what Vattel says of these confiscation proposi-
tions. In speaking of the ancient rules of wai,
he says:
" But at present war i-a less dreadful in in consequences
to the subject; mutters are conducted with more Immunity ;
one Mivueigti makes wai against anothei -oveieijrn and
not ,i<juiust the nnanned citizens. The conquetoi ^cv/a'-
oh the po^-r^sions of the Slate, the public ptopem, while
private individual* are peimitted to retjin then- They
suffer but indirectly by the war; and the conquest only sub-
jects them to a new master.
" But if the entire State be conquered, if the nation be
subdued, in uhat manner can the victor treat it} without
tran-gieasing the bounds of justice? What are his rights
ovei the conquered country ? Some have dared to advance
this monstrous pi mciple, that the conqueror is absolute mas-
ter of his conquest; that he may dispose of it as his prop-
erty; that he may treat it as he pleases, according to the
common expression of treating a State as a conquered, coun-
try; and hence they deuve one of the souices of despotic
government."—VatteVs Law of Nations, book 3, cliap. 13,
bees. 200.201.
In pursuing the same subject, he says:
"But if the conqueror thinks proper to retain the sover-
eignty of the conquered State, and lias a right to letain it,
the same principle must also determine the mannei in which
he is to treat that State. If it is against the sovereign alone
that he has just cause of complaint, reason plainly evinces
that he acquires no other lights by his conquest than such
as helonged to the soveieign whom he has dispossessed, and,
on the submission of the people, he is bound to govern them
accoiding to the laus of the State."— Vattel's Law of Na-
tions, book 3, chap. J3, sec. 20J.
Without detaining the Senate, I will read the
concluding sentence of another paragraph on the
same subject, wherein the writer says:
u Surely it h enough that an innocent people suffer the
calamities of war: must even peace itself become fatal to
them r"—Ihul> book 3, clnip. 13, sec. 390.
And again he says:
" For the same jeasoii, he who declares war does not con-
fiscate the immovable piopd'ty*'—
this bill proposes to do that—
"possessed in his country by his enemy's subjects. By
peimitting them to purchase and possess such pioperty,he
lias in that re-peet admitted them into the number of his
subjects.''—Ibu?} book 3, chap. 5, sec. 323.
Justice Story, in treating of the clause in the
Constitution giving to Congiess power to punish
treason, but forbidding the forfeiture of the estate
for a longer peiiod than life, says:
"Two motives probably eoncuirod m introducing it as
an expiess powei. One was. not to leave it open to impli-
cation whethei it was to be exclusively punishable with
death, aecoiding to the known itile of the common law, and
with the baibatous accompaniments pointed out by it, but
to eon fid c the punishment to the discretion of Congress.
The other was, to impose some limitation upon the nature
and extent of the punishment, so that it should not woik
eotiuption of blood or forfeituie beyond the hie of the
oflendei—Story on the Constitution, book 3, see. 1297.
Again, he says:
kJBills of attamdei,as they are technically called, are
such special acts of the legislature as inflict capital punish-
ments upon pei.sonti supposed to he guilty ot high offenses,
such as treason and felony, without any conviction in the
ordinary coui se of judicial p^cccdings.''—Ifo<Z,book3, sec.
1341.
I will not detain the Senate by reading the
whole paragraph, but I will call the attention of
the Senate to this:
" The punishment has often been inflicted without call-
iu!,' upon the partv accused to answet, or without even the
loun.tiity of piool ; and sometimes, because the law, in its
ordmai)' coutse ot pioecedmiis, would acquit the offender.
The injustice and iniquity of such acts, m general, con-
stitute an iriesi?tible argument against the existence of the
powei. In a free Government it would be mtolciable ; and
in the hands of a reigning taction it might be, and piobably
would be. abused to tiie nun and death of the most vitlu-
ous citizens.'*—Ibid, book 3, sec. 1344.
Mr. President, this bill does not forfeit the pri-
vate property of alien enemies, inhabitants of the
enemy's country, but'it proposes to take all the
property belonging to our own citizens who have
been compelled to submit to a power they could
not resist, which claims to be both a de facto and a
dt jure government, and which docs possess the
physical force to compel obedience to it from those
within its limits. Tins Government—the Federal
Government—which claims the allegiance ofthese
citizens has been unable to relieve them or to pro-
tect them in their assertion of that allegiance. Are
not allegiance and protection mutual obligations,
and when you fail to afford the one will you pun-
ish for the want of the other, when it was not in
the power of the citizen to give it, and when, if
proclaimed, it would have cost him his life?
It should never be forgotten, but always borne
in mind, that the struggle in which we are en-
gaged is not on our part, constitutionally speak-
ing, a "war. We are not engaged in war. Con-
gress makes war, declares war. Congress has
made no such declaration; nor has Congress de-
clared, as in the case of the war with Mexico, that
war exists. When we speak of wargenerally we
mean public war. If we do not, we use some ex-
pression to define the kind of war of which we
speak, as cn il war, sei vile war, and the like. The
war spoken of by the writers on the lows of war
quoted in this.debate is public war, that which
takes place between nation-? or sovereigns, where
