1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
so gross and notorious an act of despotism as must at once
convey the alarm of tyranny throughout the whole nation;
bat confinement of the person by secretly hurrying hiin to
jail, where his sufferings are unknown 01 forgotten, is a less
public, a Jess striking, and therefore a more dangerous en-
gine of arbitrary Government."
And as a remedy for this fatal evil, lie is every-
where peculiarly emphatical in his encomiums on
the habeas corpus act, which in one place he calls
" the bulwark of the British constitution." (Fed-
eralist, p. 533.)
This paragraph from Justice Blackstone cited,
as I have shown, by Mr. Hamilton, in the num-
ber of the Federalist to which I have referred,
shows conclusively that such a proposition as this
would not be authorized by the Constitution, and
would be exercised only by the veriest despotism.
The friends of this measure contend that it is
necessary to the suppression of the rebellion.
How can this be? It can only be enforced where
rebellion has never existed, or where it has been
suppressed. How can you execute this law in
those States and districts where allyour laws are
successfully resisted? Before you confiscate the
property of rebels you must first be able to pos-
sess yourselves of it. You can only do this where
your armies have preceded you, and where the
rebels have been dispersed. This bill can only be
enforced in the districts occupied by your Army
or by loyal citizens who recognize their obliga-
tion to the Constitution and laws, and who will
aid you in their enforcement. If the mere pas-
sage of an act would put down the rebellion, all
you have to do is to pass an act confiscating all
the powder in the scceded States, and the rebellion
is ended at once. The absurdity of such an cffcct
to be produced by the mere passage of a bill to
operate in States where you are unable to enforce
any law must be apparent to all. This bill, if it
become a law, like all of your laws, will remain
upon your statute-book, a dead letter in the sc-
ceded States until you shall have crushed out the
rebellion and suppressed the insurrection. When
that is done, this bill cannot aid in suppressing
what is not in existence.
Mr. President, is it expedient to beggar six
millions of your people? Will the avowal of such
a purpose have the effect to strengthen the loyal
sentiment of the seceded States? Will it confiim
and bring to your aid the hesitating and doubtful,
or will it not rather, if that be possible, make
more desperate those now anayod against you,
increase their power, and bring to them an active
strength that has up to this time kept aloof from
the struggle5 What will be its effect upon the
thousands that have been impressed into the rebel
army who are now anxiously looking for an op-
portunity to rush to your standard? There is
scarcely a family of any size in all the loyal por-
tion of my State that has not one or more mem-
bers of it, or some one connected with it in the
rebel service, or who have not in some way aided
the rebellion. It has divided parents'fiom their
children, brother from brother, and separated hus-
band and wife. I will, with the permission of the
Senate, read an extract from a letter I received
yesterday from a highly respectable lady, a resi-
dent of northwestern Virginia, a daughter of a late
judge of the United States, and a grand-daughter
of a former Governor of the State of Ohio, and a
member of the Cabinets of Mr. Madison and Mr.
Monroe.
" I have never had a line from my husband since last
August, and am not in communication with him at all. It
is only thiough Mi*. , who retained aloitnight ago,that
I know his whereabouts. I do not and never have thought
secession a practical or desirable move. I have been here
with my children making every offoit to send or to goto
Dixie to induce him to return. You know that i was pos-
sessed of sufficient means to at least live comfoitabiy betore
our marriage, hut as it consulted of notes, bonds, and money,
it has been almost all reconverted into other piopei ty, and
can be all taken. I cannot believe it is the intention and
desire of the wise and humane rulers of this countiy to
throw upon the woild without mean? of subsistence unof-
fending women and innocent children."
Mr. President, is it expedient to deprive de-
crepid age and helpless infancy of the means of
support? If we do this thing, the cry of the widow
and the wail of the orphan will go up to heaven,
and the God of the widow and the Father of the
fatherless will say in the storm-cloud: " Venge-
ance is mine, and I will repay, saith the Lord?"
The incendiary press of this country seize upon
the hour that exhibits to the gaze of the world the
heart-iending spectacle of the only Government on
earth where man enjoys as much liberty as is con-
sistent with his nature, struggling for existence,
and would add to our difficulties by reviving sec-
tional feuds by which we have been torn and dis-
tracted in order to secure the accomplishment of
the wishes of those who have for years denounced
the Constitution of Washington and his compa-
triots as a covenant with death and a league with
hell. This, too, at a moment when the efforts of
all should be directed to the single object of ex-
tinguishing the flames lighted by the fires of rebel-
lion. The temple of liberty is on fire, and instead
of an honest effort on the part of all to save the
noble structure, the anti-slavery element is en-
gaged in an unholy effort to destroy the southern
wing, not seeming to know or care that the de-
struction of part involves the loss of the whole.
The rebels have applied the torch, and the anti-
slavery element say, let it go, unless the entire
southern portion is shorn of its fair proportions,
its dimensions narrowed and contracted, and its
occupants made dependent upon our will and sub-
servient to our views. These are they who at-
tribute this wicked rebellion to the existence ot
slavery, and who, by misrepresentations, would
lead the people they ought to honestly instruct to
war upon the Constitution. From such teachings
we are warned by the Father of his Country in
his Farewell Address—
" One of the expedients of party to acquire influence
within particular districts is to misrepresent the opinions
and aims of other districts."
These are they who say if there had been no
slavery there would have been no rebellion. As
well might they attribute the rebellion to the
Union, for if there had been no Union there would
have been no rebellion against it. Has the coun-
Uy forgotten that thirty years ago a similar at-
tempt at rebellion was initiated, and would have
grown to as great proportions, perhaps, as the
present, if a Buchanan instead of a Jackson had
been the Chief Magistrate ? And do we not know
that the tariff was then the pretext? Who, at that
day, insisted that commerce should be destroyed,
or said if there had been no commerce there would
have been noattemptatrebelhon? No,Mr. Pres-
ident, Mr. Yancey and his associates spoke the
truth when they wrote to the British minister " that
it was from no fear that the slaves would be lib-
crated that secession took place." The true cause,
the real motive, is the same, that influences the
men who now clamor that this shall be made an
anti-slavery war. They would convert the holy
struggle in which we arc engaged for a restoration
of the Union into a wicked crusade againstslavery,
bringing down upon us the just vengeance of a
righteous God ana the denunciations of the whole
civilized world. So long as our efforts are con-
fined to a vindication of the Constitution and a
restoration of the Union, wc have the sympathies
of the good throughout the eat th, and, I sincerely
believe, the approval of Heaven; for are we not
engaged in a struggle to maintain religious as well
as civil liberty ? The cause of the rebellion was a
determination on the part of its authors to rule
or ruin. The opposition to a restoration of the
Union is to be attributed to the same cause. The
restoration of the Union buries in the same grave
abolitionists and secessionists. In life their labors
have tended to the same end •, it is fitting that they
should be consigned to the same giave. May
Ilcavcn speed their demise.
Mr. President, it is for us to preserve the best
Government on earth, and to keep inviolate our
plighted faith. The passage of this bill would be
a violation of the nation's faith as pledged through
the Executive and Congress, and a fraud upon
our people. What was the call of the President
to which your citizen soldiers so promptly re-
sponded? Was it not to aid him m the enforce-
ment of the laws, protect the nation's property,
and to enable him to keep his oath of office, by
which he swore to preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution, and to see that the laws were
faithfully executed ? Did not the President in his
inaugural address declare:
u f have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery m the States where it exists.
I believe I have no lawiul light to do so,and ( have no in-
clination to do to."
And did he not, in his annual message to Con-
gress, in July last, say:
li Lest there he some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is the course of the Government towards
the southern States, after the rebellion shall have been sup-
pies&ed, the Executive deems it pioper to say it will be hi&
puipose then, as ever, to be guided by the Constitution and
the laws; and that he will probably have no d liferent under-
standing of the powers and duties of the Federal Govern-
ment relating to the lights of the States and the people
under the Constitution, than that expressed in the inaugural
addiess."
Did not your present General-in-Chief, in May
last, when he entered my State at the head of
our brave friends from Ohio and Indiana who re-
sponded to the President's call, assure us that he
came not to make war upon us or our institutions,
but that he came to crush out treason and deliver
us from the power of traitors. Hear him:
"Notwithstanding all that has been said by the traitors
to induce you to believe that our advent among you will be
signalized by interfeience with your slaves, understand one
thing clearly, not only will we abstain from all such inter-
ference, but we will, on the contrniy, with an iron hand,
crush any attempt at insurrection on their pan."
What was the mission of the brave Burnside,
and the equally brave Goldsborough, as declared
by them to the people of North Carolina? They
shall speak for themselves:
Roanoke Island, North Carolina,
February 18,18G2.
To the People of North Carolina:
The mission of our joint expedition is not to invade anv
of your rights, but to assert the authority of the United
States, and to close with you the desolating war brought
upon jour State by comparatively a few bad men in your
midst.
Influenced infinitely more by the worst passions of hu-
man nature than by any show of elevated reason, they are
still urging you astray to giatify theirunholy purposes.
They impose uponyoui credulity by tolling youof wicked
and even diabolical intentions on out pan ; of our desire to
destroy yom fieedom, demolish your property, libeiateyour
slavey injure jour women, and such like enoimities—all
of which, we assure you, is not only lidiculous, but utterly
and willfully false.
We aie Christians as well as yourselves,and we profess
to know full well, and to feel profoundly, the sacred obliga-
tions ot the chaiactei.
No apprehensions need be entertained that the demands
ofhumauity or justice will be disiegarded. We shall in-
flict no injury, unless foiced to do so by your own acts,
and upon this >ou maj confidently lely.
Tho< e men ate yout worst enemies They, in ti nth, have
drawn you into your present condition, and are the leal
distui bers of your peace and the happiness of your firesides.
We invite you, in the name of the Constitution, and in
that of virtuous loyalty and civilization, to separate your-
selves at once from these malign influences, to return to
your allegiance, and not compel us to resort fuither to the
force under our control.
The Government asks only that its authoiity may be rec-
ognized ; and we repeat, in no manner or way does it dc-
siie to intei tere w ith yom laws, constitutionally established,
your institutions of any kind whatever, yout propeity of
any soit, oi j our usages in any respect.
L. M. CJOLDSBOKOUGH, Fla  Offtccr,
Commanding North Carolina Blockading Squadron.
A. E. IHJRNSIDE, Brigadier General,
Commanding Department oj North Caiolina.
What was the order of the accomplished officer,
gallant soldier,and I mayadd, enlightenedstates-
man, General Halleck, as his troops were about
to advance into Tennessee ?
Proclamation of General Halleck.
Headquarters Depaktmi nt ok Missouri,
St. Louis, fchrwrnj&s.
The major general commanding the depaitment desires
to impress upon all officers the importance ot preserving
good older and discipline among then troops as the armies of
the West advance into Tennessee and the southern States.
Let us show to our fellow-citizcns in those States that
we come merely to crush out rebellion, and restore to ilicm
peace and the benefit1* of the Constitution and the Union,
of which they have been deprived by selfish and unprinci-
pled leaders. They have been told that we come to oppress
and plunder. .By oui acts we will undeceive them. We
will prove to them that we come to tes-tore, not to violate,
the Constitution and the hu\^. In restoring to them the glo-
rions flag ot the Union, we will assure them that they shall
enjoy uudei its folds the same piotection of life and prop-
em as in former days.
Soldier--! let no excess on jour part tarnish the glory of
oui arms !
The order heietofore. issued in this department, in regard
i to pillaging and marauding, the destruction of private piop-
! city, and the stealing or concealment of slaves, must be
j strictly enforced. It does not belong to the military to de-
! cide upon the relation of rnastei and?lavc. Such questions
! inu^t be >ettled by the civil courts. No fugitive slave will
i theieiorc be admitted within our lines or camp>, except
j when specially cndeied by the general commanding,
j Women and chitdien, merchants, fanners, mechanics,
• and all persons not in arms, are regarded as ncm-coinbat-
1 ants, and arc not to be molested cither in their persons or
! pioperty. If, however. they aid and assist the enemy, they
become" belligerents, and will be treated a« such. As they
violate the laws of war, they will be made to suffer the
penalties of such violation.
Military stoics and the public pioperty of the enemy must
he surrendered, and any attempt to conceal such pioperty,
by fraudulent transfer or otherwise, will be punished, but
no pi ivate propeity will he touched unless by order of the
general commanding. Wherever it becomes necessary to
obtain forced contributions for the supply and subsistence
of our troop-*, such levies will be made a^ light as possible,
and be so dtstiibuted as to produce no distress among the
people. All pioperty so taken mu^t be receipted and fully
accounted for, as heretofore dncctcd.
