2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
and a furnishing of beef and those things, that it
can possibly cost the amount of money that is
proposed to be appropriated. It has grown into
a sort of custom to appropriate §20,000, and I sup-
pose it will be followed; but I desire to enter my
protest against it in every possible way. After
all we have heard in every direction of the frauds
that have been perpetrated and the misspending
of money in relation to Indian affairs, I think it
becomes the Senate tolook a little sharp after them,
and that economy should be practiced in reference
to them.
1 will say in answer to the Senator, that I offer
the amendment upon my own conviction and be-
cause I fail to see any reason why $25,000 should
be needed in this case when $15,000 would answer
in the other.
Mr. NESMITH. I think the Senator from
Maine is under a misapprehension about the In-
dians with whom this treaty is to be made. They
reside in Washington Territory and in Oregon,
in the eastern portion,from the base of theKocky
mountains down to within four or five hundred
miles of the Pacific coast. As I stated yesterday,
there are very great expenses in getting into that
country and taking supplies there. The proba-
bility is that the party who go to make the treaty
will have to go with an escort to protect them.
It strikes me that cutting down the appropriation
defeats the whole object, and no treaty can be
holden. I stated yesterday that these people oc-
cupied the emigrant routes, and that military ex-
peditions sent against them had been failures.
They now desire to hold treaties with us, and it
is thought proper that presents should be made to
them, in order to secure their friendship, and this
is the object of the appropriation.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs considered this,among other amendments that
were presented, very carefully, as they thought,
and I believe the committee were unanimous in
recommending this appropriation. They recom-
mended it not for the purpose of squandering the
money of the Government, but because they
thought it necessary to secure the peace of the
country. It was represented to the committee,
I think truthfully, that these Indians, although
they have been at peace with the people of the
United States, are beginning to argue that if they
were bad Indians and were to rob the whites of
their property, they would be treated with and
would receive presents from the Government. A
few of them have been acting on the principle that
if they rob our emigrants passing from the States
in the Mississippi valley to the States and Terri-
tories on the Pacific coast, they will hereafter se-
cure treaty arrangements with the people of the
United States and secure annuities. It is believed
by those who have the best knowledge on the
subject, that the peace with this tribe of Indians
cannot be maintained longer without entering into
treaty negotiations with them.
Then as to the amount of money necessary, that
as I understand depends on the number of the In-
dians and their distance from the settlements. My
colleague explained that to some extent yesterday.
Ho said that the greatest need of money was to
purchase beef and other provisions with which to
feed the Indians, A treaty cannot be negotiated,
as the committee has been informed, without col-
lecting the body of the tribe together. The men
and squaws and children are all collected together
in one encampment, and they have to be fed by
somebody. After understanding how many In-
dians there were of this tribe and the relative cost
of provisions for the length of time that was sup-
posed to be necessary to keep them in order to
secure treaty arrangements, the committee be-
lieved that $20,000 was the lowest amount of
money that would enable the Commissioner to ne-
gotiate the treaty. I do not like to see the Senate
cut down these estimates from mere arbitrary con-
ditions. If the Finance Committee know any
reason for reducing the sum, if we have over-esti-
mated the number of Indians, or over-estimated
the probable cost of transporting food to the In-
dians, I should be as willing as any other mem-
ber ot the Senate to reduce the amount; but this
thing of cutting down the sum arbitrarily without
assigning or knowing any reason for it, only be-
cause $15,000 or |10,000is less than $20,000, seems
to me not to be in accordance with the motives
that ought to control the Senate. If it is not ne-
cessary to negotiate a treaty with these Indians,
strike it all out; but if the treaty is to be made, it
seems to me the Senate ought to be willing to ap-
propriate the necessary sum of money to enable
the Commissioner to secure the treaty arrange-
ments contemplated.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs what the
purpose of this treaty is, whether it is to acquire
title to land, or merely to enter into stipulations
for the purpose of perpetuating peace,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 suppose the principal
object is for the purpose of preserving peace with
this tribe. They occupy the country from the
northern part of Utah up through Oregon and to
Washington Territory, and are upon the line that
the overland emigrants travel on the central route
to Oregon, and are making depredations as the
Senator from Oregon stated yesterday, I believe, in
his speech.
Mr. NESMITH. I stated yesterday that it
was not contemplated to acquire land, but the ob-
ject was to make a treaty for the purpose of secur-
ing peace.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I wish to know whether
this tribe is not divided, as the Indian tribes gen-
erally are, into a number of bands.
Mr. NESMITH. A great many.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it necessary to hold a treaty
with all the bands, or only with those who occupy
the trail on the line of emigrant travel ?
Mr. NESMITII. I do not think it is neces-
sary to hold treaties with those who are in the
northern portion of California and on the south-
ern boundary of Oregon.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I want to know whether,
when the Committee on Indian Affairs made their
calculations and estimates on this subject, they
based the amount of this appropriation on the total
number of the Shoshones or only on the number
of the bands that occupy the country along which
the emigrants travel.
Mr. NESMITII. That is a question that the
committee took no very definite action upon.
There is no census of that tribe showing their
number. That rule ofarithmetic was applied more
particularly to the Nez Perres, with whom we con-
template holding a treaty. The country of the Sho-
shones extends some four or five hundred miles
square. A great deal of it is desert, arid country.
Many of the bands are perfectly wild, and have
no communication with the whites. Those to-
wards the St. Mary's river have never had. Wo
propose to treat with those who occupy the main
pass leading to Oregon and Washington in the
northern portion of their country near Fort Hall
on the Snake river. The object, as Istated before,
is not to piuchase any title to the land. Wc do
not desire that. AH we desire is some moans by
which we can make them some presents, and have
a treaty to maintain peace, so that they will desist
from plundering the emigrants who arc passing
through that country.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether,
if wc make a treaty with one or two bands, it will
not inevitably lead to making treaties with all the
others? When they find that some bands have
treaties, will they not want presents and money
to keep them still'
Mr. NESMITH. I do not think it will be ne-
cessary. The Shoshones are a very extensive
tribe; they inhabit a very large district of coun-
try,and thoseupon the southern bordemever get
up to this portion of the country where the trail
runs through, and where it is most important that
peace should be maintained. It is only the tribes
who occupy the country along the Snake river
that we desire to hold a treaty with. If we can
maintain peace with them they will look out for
the others and prevent depredations.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert:
For this amount in the Jmuds of late agent, W. W. Dpu-
nison, unaccounted lor, belonging to tlie Ottoes and Mis-
sourias, {JIBjOTO TO.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next was to insert as a new section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That after the end of
the piesent fiscal voar the salary of the siipenntendent of
Indian affairs for the northern and for the southern distncts
of California .'hall be §3,500.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am informed that
we have two superintendents in California, and
that they both live in the same town. If that ia
so, I should like to limit the number of superin-
tendents to one. I understand that both of them
live in San Francisco.
Mr. HARLAN. If the amendment proposed
by the Senator from California [Mr. Latham]
should be adopted, these superintendents will be
required to live on the Indian reservations.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Kansas is
mistaken in his statement that both of them re-
side in San Francisco. One of them does. The
superintendent of the northern district is gener-
ally,! believe, employed on the reservations, and
does not make his home in San Francisco. The
superintendent of the southern district does,
though, as I have been informed. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Kansas is
entirely unnecessary, provided the amendment
which I offered yesterday shall be adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I was informed yes-
terday, by one who knew, that both the superin-
tendents lived in San Francisco.
Mr. LATHAM. I think it is a mistake.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to insert as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum 01
§50,000 be, and the same is heieby, appropriated to enable
the President to negotiate a treaty with the Nez Perce In-
dians of Oregon und Washington Territory, for the relin-
quishment of a portion or all of their present reservation,
or its exchange i'or other lands.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I move to strike that down
to $20,000; an& upon that amendment 1 ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that my honora-
ble friend cannot have made himself familiar with
this Nez Perce nation of Indians. It is a very-
large tribe of Indians, occupying a very large sec-
tion of country; and it will cost certainly very
much more than $20,000, if we arc to take the
history of this Government in its negotiations of
treaties with the Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator how
much was appropriated for the previous treaty
with this same tribe ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not prepared to say.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not recollect the amount
now; but I will state that the circumstances under
which the previous treaty was holden were very
different from the circumstances existing at pres-
ent. At the time that treaty was holden men could
be employed for twenty or twenty-five dollars a
month to" drive cattle there and attend to them,
and beef cattle could be bought for two or three
cents a pound, and beef could be bought on the
treaty ground for six or eight cents and flour for
eight or ten cents, and other supplies in the same
proportion. Now prices have very much risen,
and you cannot buy any supplies there for less
than a dollar a pound. My impression is, thatit
cost some $25,000 to hold the first treaty. In re-
lation to this matter, I have no new arguments to
add to what I said yesterday. I trust the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine will not prevail.
It is ail-important that this treaty should be made,
forthc peace of the country,and 1 hope the amount
will not be cut down.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am very ignorant, of
course, of all matters of this description, but it
strikes me that this is a very large appropriation.
It is a little on the scale of the Pacific coast. It
may be all required, but with the want of general
information that I have on the subject it has always
struck me that these appropriations for Indian
treaties were upon a very liberal scale. They
always have been from the time of Washington's
administration, when the practices even of that
early day were set off so beautifully, so effectu-
ally, by Judge Breckinridge in his Modern Chiv-
alry? down to the present hour. Now, I do not
know much about it, but I have never heard that
there was any balance left us of the appropriations
made for the purpose of effecting Indian treaties.
Generally the money goes into the hands of men
who say it is necessary to make an entertainment
and to gratify the Indians, make them happy and
easy to be entreated with; and these appropria-
tions are carried out a good deal according to the
idea of the commissioners; and my woid for it,
thr commissioners spend the money generally;
and if it is not spent for the benefit of the Indians
it will be for the benefit of the commissioners.
