1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3081
purposes, but they are very good for building
purposes.
Mr. MALLORY. It is understood, then, that
the lands are nearly valueless, and yet it is pro-
posed to give $500 an acre for land intrinsically
worth nothing. Now, why we cannot get it
cheaper is a matter which I do not understand.
Mr. STEVENS. We had this matter before
us at the extra session, and Commodore Smith
visited this place last summer, and he informed us
that it was very important for naval purposes that
we should have the whole island. It was not rec-
ommended on account of the quality of the soil—
for New England is not fit for farming purposes—
but if it were fit for farming purposes, 1 do not sup-
pose it would be worth twenty dollars an acre. It
is recommended for purposes of a navy-yard, and
for such purposes it is veiy valuable.
Mr. MALLORY. I simply intended to inti-
mate how very fortunate these men are who hold
land in the vicinity of Portsmouth, which, though
worth but little for farming purposes, for the con-
venience of the Government is worth $500 an acre.
Mr. STEVENS. The man who owns corner
lots in San Francisco is a very happy man, and
yet his land is not*worth fifty dollars an acre for
farming purposes. [Laughter.] I move the pre-
vious question on the remaining amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MALLORY demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 87; as follows:
YE A3—Messrs. Aklueh, Ashley, liaker, Baxter, Biddle,
Blake, Corning, Delano, Ddaplaino, EchvauU, Fessonden,
Goodwin, [Inight) Hale, Hooper, Kellcy, Lovejoy, Low,
McPlierson, Mooihcad, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Patton,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Pnttei, Alexander H. Iticc,
John 21. Rice, Edvvaid II. Kollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Sheffield, Sp.iuldmg, Stevens, Stiaiton, and Verree—36.
NAYS—M'jsms. William Allen, William J Allen, Alley,
Arnold, Bahbitt, Baily, Bingham, Jacob H Blau, Samuel
S. Blair, William G. Biown, Bullhiton, Calvert, Campbell,
Ca^ey, Chamberhn, Ciaik, Clements, Cobb, Collax, Fied-
eriek A. Coukliug, Roscoe Conkhng, Co\, Cusfield, Cut-
tenden, Davis, Dawes, ihven, Duull," Dtinlap, Dunn, Eliof,
Ely, Fenton, Fisher, Fouke, Frank, Granger, Hall, Hard-
ing, Ilohnan, Hutching, Johnson, Julian, WiJJiam Kellogg,
Kilhnger, Knapp, Law, Lcary, Loomis, Malloiy, Mitchell,
Morris, Norton, Nugen, Odeli, Pendleton, John S. Phelps,
Porter, Richardson^ Riddle, James S. Rollms, Segar,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Shiel, Sloan, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiain, Tumble,
Tiovvlmdge, Van Horn, Van Yalkenburgh, Vihbard, Voor-
liees, Wallnee, Waul, Wa^hbarne, Webster, Wheeler,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—b7.
So the twenty-second amendmentof the Senate
was not concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
In the clause in relation to the hospital at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, on page 9, line one hundred and ten, strike
out lite words," building coal vvhail" and coal shed, and for
fencing the grounds, #5,500 "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
On page 10, in the same clause, strike out the following
proviso:
Provided, That no building shall be erected or extended
until complete plans, and specifications, and estimates of
cost in detail shall be fuimsliedto and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and contracts therelor bhall be letupon
due and public advertisement.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
On the same page, In the clause appropriating $7] ,500 for
extension of hospital and repairs of buildings at Boston,
strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That no building shall be erected or extended
until complete plans, and specifications, and estimates of
con in detail shall be furnished to and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and contracts therelor shall be let upon
due and public adveitisement.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
On the same page, in the clause providing for repairs and
improvements at the hospitals at New York, strike out
" #7,500," and insert in lieu thereof, " and house for sur-
geon and director of the laboratory, $21,500."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
On page 31, under the heading " magazines," after line
two hundred and forty-six, insert the following:
Philadelphia: *
For repairsof wlrnrf and magazine at Fort Mifflin, $1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 2G0) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1863.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
On page 12, in line two hundred and sixty-six, strike out
"forty," and insert in lieu thereof "sixty;" so that the
clause will read :
For the purchase of nautical instruments, repairs of the
same, and of astronomical instruments, and for the pur-
chase of nautical books, maps, and chaits, and for backing
and binding the same, $60,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strike out " for rent of quarters for the Naval Academy,
at Newport, wages, fmnituie, and contingent expenses
thcrefoi, #48,047," and insert in lieu thereof, " for wag« s
of watchmen and contingent expenses of the Nav.il Acad-
emy, #22,797."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Insert the following as an additional clause :
Foi repaning and lelittmg the buildings and grounds of
the Naval Academy at Ann;ipoJi<=, $93,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Inseit the following as an additional elau&e :
For the pay of mileage of the visitors to the academy,
Si,ooo.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is no law for that item.
I ask for a division on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a matter
that ought to be provided for.
Mr. ELIOT. It is always paid.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment, and no quotum voted.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBUIINE. I hope the Chair will
exercise his authority and order tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot uxercise
that authority. The rule does not give him that
right.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE. Where the Chair is in
doubt he has a light to order tellers.
The SPEAKER. When the Chair is in doubt
the rules give him that authority. When there is
no doubt, as in this case, he has no such authority.
Mr. DUNN. I suppose it is not too late to call
for the yeas and nays, and I demand them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that the
call for the yeas and nays may be withdrawn, and
that a recount may be had.
Mr. DUNN. I will gladly withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays if there is any way of get-
ting out of this difficulty.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
Chair will again put the question to the House.
The Chair hears no objection.
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Jn line two,section two,strike out "commissioned offi-
cers," and mseit "captain" in lieu thereof,so that it will
read:
That the pay of any captain of the Navy who shall, in
puisuance of law, perform duly as chief or assistant of a
bureau in the Navy Department", shall be the pay of a cap-
tain of the Navy "on other duty," &c.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
In lines three and four of the same section strike out the
words "or assistant."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred ill.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
In the same section strike out the words not, however,
• exceeding the sum of #3,500 per annum," and insert in lieu
thereof, " to take effect from the date of the act regulating
the pay of the Navy, approved June 1, I860;" so that the
section will road:
Sec. 2. JlnA be. if. further eiicrcZet^That the pay of any cap-
tain of the Navy who shall, in pursuance of law, peifotnt
duty as chict of a bureau in the Navy Department, shall be
the pay of a captain in the Navy "on other duly," to take
effect from the date of the Act regulating the pav of the
Navy, approved June 1, 1860.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HoLMANand
Babbitt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Page 13, line four, stiiko out " $1,000," and insert in lieu
thereof "§2,000," so as to make the pay of one clerk to
Navy agent $2,000 per annum.
• The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thiity-seventh amendment:
Page 13, line five, strikeout "§1,200," and insert in lieu
thereof " $1,500," so as to make the pay of another clerk
to Navy agent $1,500 pei annum.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rollins, of
New Hampshire,and Thomas,of Massachusetts,
were appointed
The House divided; and the telleis reported—
ayes 55, noes 44.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Page 13, line si\, strike out " twelve," and insert in lieu
thereof" fifteen ;" t>o a-, to make the pay of cleik to the com-
mandant $1,500 pei annum.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
Page 13, line seven, sttike out " nine," and insert in lieu
theieof" filteen;" so as to make the pay of clerk of the yard
$1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. FENTONand
Ckisfjkld were appointed.
The House divided; and the telleis leported—
ayes 57, noes 38.
So the amendment was concuired in.
Fortieth amendment:
Page 13, line nine, stnkc out " nine," and insert in lieu
theieof " fifteen;" so as to make the pay of cleik to the pay-
masiei and inspectoi ot piovisions, &e., $1,500 pei annum.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLM AN called for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays weie not ordered.
M r. MORRILL, of VermoiTt, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ely and
Duell were appointed.
The House divided; and the telleis reported—
ayes 62, noes 31.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] has not voted on any of these divisions.
Mr. MALLORY. That is a fact. I have not
voted on these amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's point seems
to be more a point of fact than a point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I acknowledge the point of
fact.
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to
decide about it.
Forty-first amendment:
Strike out "$750," and insert in lieu thereof "$1,000;"
