140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
worth, Wall, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Ward, Webster,
Wheeler,Wickliffe, Woodruff, Worcester, and Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. AJdiicb,Allen, Arnold, Bingham, Sam-
tiel B. Blair, Blake, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Conway, Cox, Cravens, Cutler, Davis, Edgerton, Eliot,
Fenton, Frank. Gurley, Hanchett, Harrison, Ilolman, Ju-
lian, William Keilogg, Law, La/.ear, Lovejoy, Mitchell,
Morris, Noble, Nugpn, Patton, Pendleton, Pomeroy,Potter,
Kobinson, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheilabaiger, Sherman,
Sloan, TriinWeT Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Yandever,
Van Horn, Washbuine,Whaiey,Wilson, and Windom—50.
So the bill was postponed until the first Mon-
day.in February.
During the call of the roll,
Mi*. MORRILL, of Maine, stated that Mr.
Walton, of Maine, was detained at his room by
sickness.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of "Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending the 30th
of June, 186*2; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR GUNBOATS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making an appropriation for gun-
boats on western rivers; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I will ask the consent of the
House to put that bill on its passage. The money
is required, I understand, for immediate use. The
flotilla upon our western waters, I understand, is
nearly ready to move.
The bill was read. It appropriates §1,000,000
for gunboats on the western rivers.
There being no objection, the question was
stated on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I stated last year, and we sup-
posed, that we had appropriated $0,000,000 and
over for this purpose; but it turned out that the
Senate did not pass one of the bills which we sent
them. The Department, however, went on and
contracted for the whole number of these boats.
They are nowall but finished and ready to go into
service. But it is necessary, in order to facilitate
their dispatch to the service for which they are
destined—I suppose they are intended for some
service—that this appropriation should be made.
1 hope, therefore, that the bill will be passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itsclfinto
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up one of the
appropriation bills.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion
for a moment, to enable me to submit a motion
iiLwhich we are all interested, and in regard to
which I desire to make a single statement to the
House. It will take but a minute.
Mr. STEVENS. It will not take ten minutes
to dispose of the appropriation bill I propose to
take up. 1 think the gentleman from Ohio may
as well postpone his business until that is dis-
posed of.
Mr. Steven's's motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasiiburne in
the chair.)
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take up the pen-
sion appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the first reading
of the bill was dispensed with; and the bill was
read by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend,
by adding at the close of the bill, as follows:
Provided, however, That no pension shall be paid under
this act to any peison who lias been engaged m the present
icbclhon against the Government ot the United States, m
who has in any way given aid or comfoit to those engaged
in the rebellion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman ftom Missouri to so modify his amend-
ment us to provide that hereafter no pension shall ,
be paid to any one of the class of persons which
he names. iThis bill only provides for the pen-
sions to be paid in the year ending June 30,1863.
I move to amend the gentleman's amendment as
I have stated.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. My object was to
provide against paying these pensions to any per-
sons engaged in this rebellion. As the law stands
now, there is nothing to prevent any such person
who shall apply from receiving his pension.
Mr. STEVENS. I think this House has al-
ready passed a bill applying to all cases of rebels
claiming pensions from our Government. I think
it is better that there should be a general law cov-
ering all cases.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If such an act has
passed this House, it has not passed the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. It will, I presume, before
this bill gets there.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It can do no harm
to have it upon this bill. The act to which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania refers, although it
has passed this House has not yet passed the
Senate, and has not, yet become a law; and T sub-
mit, if this act passes now, any rebel entitled to a
pension under previous laws could now receive it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My object is to prevent
any pension being paid to rebels after this.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri accept the amendment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not. I think
the one X have submitted will answer all purposes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that we ought to
strike out the words " under this act" and insert
the word " hereafter,"so that it will read, " pro-
vided, however, that hereafter no pension shall be
paid to any person," &c.
The question was taken, and Mr. Maynard's
amendment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Blair, of Missouri,
was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne reported
that thu Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 149, making appropriation for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
and had directed him to report the same back to
the House, with an amendment.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was concurred in, and
the bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECOND MILEAGE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do
not desire to press my matter improperly; but I
should like to offer the resolution at this time.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for informa-
tion.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to pay
mombeis of Hie House the second mileage due to them by
law. J
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Every Senator has
received the same mileage, and v/c are entitled to
equal privileges.
Mr. BLAIR, of Mi ssouri. 1 call for the regu-
lar order of business.
PAY OF MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is Iiouse bill No. 148, to secure to the officers and 1
men actually employed in the western depart-
ment, or the department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It seemed to be the
sense of the House yesterday that this bill should
lie over until it was printed, and m order that it J
might receive proper consideration at the hands j
of members. I was well satisfied at the time that j
it required only that members should give their !
attention to the matter to understand it properly,
and to pass the bill. In looking over the bill I
find there is an amendment that I would like to
have made. 1 ask leave to amend the bill by strik-
ing out of the fourth line of the first section the
word " men,"and inserting the word " soldiers,"
and to makealike substitution in thesecond line of
the second section, so that there shall be no doubt
as to the parties who shall receive the benefit of
this act. It was suggested to me that there might
be some uncertainty m regard to it as it stands. It
isinfended only to remunerate officers and soldiers
who were engaged in actual service in Missouri.
I hope that the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will offer an
amendment, a little fuller than that of the gen-
tleman from Missouri. It is as follows:
Line four, after the word "officers," inseit "non-com-
missioned officers, musicians.-''
In same line stuke out the word " men" and insert
" puvates."
In line five strike out the word "or."
In section two, at the end of hue one. insert " non-com-
missioned officers, niUHciaiif,'5
In line two strike out the woid " men" and in>ert pri-
vates ho that it will read :
That the Secretary of War be. ami he is hereby, author-
ized and required to allow and pay to the others, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and puvates who were act-
ually employed in the service, whethei musteicd into actual
service or not, wheie their soi vices were accepted and act-
ually employed by Major General John C. Fremont, or by
the general commanding in either the western department
or the department of Missouri, the pay and bounty a* in
cases of regulai enlistment.
Sec. 2. And be itJurther cnacted, That the officer^, non-
commissioned officers, musicians,and piivates so employed,
who may have been wounded or incapacitated for service,
shall be entitled to and receive the pension allowed for such
disability.
Sec. y. J3tul be it further enacted, That the hen? of tho^e
killed in battle, or of thoce who may have died Iroin wounds
received while so employed, shall he allowed the bounty
and pay under existing laws.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw rny
amendment and accept that of the gentleman from
California, as his is fuller and more accurately
carries out the object I have in view.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the amendment offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] to insert
after the word " Fremont," " and Brigadier Gen-
eral Nathaniel Lyon," unless that amendment
was accepted yesterday.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I said yesterday
that I would accept it if I had the power; but that
I could not, as the bill was the report of a com-
mittee. I will vote forit, however, very willingly.
The SPEAKER. The question will be taken
on that amendment, then.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana. It is as follows:
Strike out all after the word " by,*" in the seventh line,
and insert " all generals who have been in command of the
department of the West, or the department of th*4 Missouri,
pay and bounty as in cases of regular enlistment.*'
Mr. Speaker, this amendment, in myjudgment,
covers the whole case, and provides for all the
persons intended by this section of the bill, while
at the same time it leaves out the name of one
general, and makes it applicable without specify-
ing him and all who have been in command of
that department. Since the organization of the
department of the West there have been five gen-
erals in command of it, and one general in com-
mand of the new department, known as the de-
partment of the Missouri, who still remains in
command of that department. I propose, so as
to prevent this bill lnving any invidious bearing
upon a single general, to put them all ituinuer this
general designation of all g-merals commanding
thaUlepurtment. I trust that there will be no ob-
jection to this substitute on the part of those who
proposed to insert the name of General Lyon.
Mr. SHANKS. I accept the amendment in
lieu of my own.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
House, Mr. Speaker, that the name of Ma jor Gen-
eral John C. Fremont was not embraced in tliis
bill with any view of making any invidious dis-
tinction between him and others, but simply from
a knowledge of the fact possessed by myself that
he was the only general who had employed, to any
great extent, the officers and men for whom this
bill is designed to provide. That was the only ob-
ject of putting his name in there; it was the only
reason for it which I hud. However, as I per-
ceive that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
