1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
The Senate will pardon me for a moment while
I allude to myself. I am not in the habit of speak-
ing of myself. I do not think it in good taste,
and look upon it as a custom more honored in the
breach than-the observance; but there are occa-
sions when it becomes necessary to do so. Inti-
mations questioning my loyalty have been made
by those who would impress upon the country
that to be loyal it is necessary to be an abolition-
ist. The Senate will, therefore pardon me for say-
ing that I have periled all, life itself, in defense of
the Constitution and Union of my country. 1
have been engaged in tins fight actively since De-
cember, 1859. I saw the storm coming, and sought
to prepare the people of my own mountain home
for it, so that when it did come we would be able
to resist it. I stood in the capitol of my own State
fighting the battles of the Constitution and the
"Union amid the jeers and taunts, hisses and threats
of the mob From the 7th day of March to the
18th day of April, in the city of Richmond, the
assassins sought my life. On Saturday the 13th
day of April last, a crowd of not less than one
hundred men, devils I will call them, came to my
lodgings about midnight with drum and fife and
rope to hang me. My colleague in the House
[Mr. Brown] witnessed the scene. For weeks
after my return to my own home in my own town
my life was threatened. "When I would leave to
go to a neighboring county to address the peo-
ple, my friends would follow to guaul me on the
road without informing me of it. 1 led the move-
ment, and drew the resolution adopted by the peo-
ple of my own county of Harrison, to whom be-
longs the honor of inaugurating the movement
which resulted in organizing and making effect-
ive tne Union sentiment of north westei n Vn gmia.
I stand here to-day in the nation's Capitol, as I
stood in the capitol of my State, to defend from
assault the Constitution and Union of my coun-
try, come from what quarter it may. In then-
defense [ am prepared to sacrifice all—-life itself.
1 stand upon the platform of the President as an-
nounced by himself in his inaugural, reiterated in
his message to Congress in July last, and again
in his message to Congress at the commencement
of this session. 1 stand upon the solemn decla-
rations of the last Congress and of this. I main-
tain, as the Union was formed so it should con-
tinue and endure forever an everlasting monument
of the wisdom and patriotism of its founders.
Let us Mr. President, in the language of a dis-
tinguished statesman and former Senator upon
this floor, "cling to the Constitution as the mar-
iner clings to the last plank when night and the
tempest close aiound him."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, f will move
to postpone the further consideration of tins bill
until two o'clock to-morrow; but before doing so,
I wish to offer an amendment to the first section,
and desire to have it printed.
The motion to print the proposed amendment
was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fur-
then- moves to postpone this subject until two
o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF COIN.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the bill under
consideration when the special order was called
up will now be proceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It now comes up
as the unfinished business.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (IX. R. No.
341) to authonzethe purchase of coin, and for
other purposes, tin1 pending question being on the
amendment offered by Mi. Fr.sbKNDr.x, to add as
an additional section:
J3ndbe it furthci cnatlal, That the limitation upon tem-
porary dqioMf- oflTn'te(l Htafe* note*-. Willi any A^it-iant
TieaMireifordeM^nated depr>Mtaue>.authoi v/.rd by ihe Sec-
maiv of UieTtea-nu to leei'ive -ueh depo-n-- at live pel
cunt, intercut, to shall be t-o l.u modified a*, to
aiHiion/c tlii> deeteiaiy of the Tie.i^iny t<> lecuive Mich
dep<wt^ to au amount not exceeding $.)0,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the Sen-
ate, I will suspend action on that amendment, m
order to mo\c a reconsideration of the first amend-
ment 1 offered this morning. I think I can ac-
complish my object btMer m anoihei way.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate agreed to the amendment to strike out in
I lines one, two, and three of the bill the words
] " may dispose of any bonds or notes bearing in-
j terest authorized by law for," and to inseitin lieu
; thereof the words, u is hereby authorized to pur-
chase. "
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to withdraw
that amendment, with a view of another in its
place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the amendment will be considered as with-
drawn. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to strike out
the words " bearing interest," in the sccond line,
and to insert in lieu of them the words " of the
United States;" so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasuiy may dispose of any
bonds or notes, ot the United States, authorized by law, for
coin, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine, to add an additional section to the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, at the time the
special order came up, I was stating, with refer-
ence to a question put by the honoiabie Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Cot i,amkr,] that it must be
taken for granted that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, having the power and knowing what the re-
| sponsibilities of the Government would be, would
manage this matter of receiving these notes upon
deposit and paying interest on the certificates on
deposit issued for them in such a way as would
enable him to meet them. Of couise, if he chose to
spend for the pui poses of the Government all the
notes that would be received on deposit,and also
exhaust alt the notes which he is authorized by
law to issue, without replacing them; and if the
deposits should then be called in,the result would
be that lie would lutve nothing on hand with
which to replace them, and the Governmentmust
be discredited or make other provision for them,
i That is a matter, however, that can hardly be
j supposed. It can hardly be supposed that the Scc-
I retary would do thai, ami I presume nothing of
! that soit need he apprehended. That is the only
, answer I can make. It is a possibility, and the
i possibility exists in all cases that the person liav-
i mg the power to use funds may so dispose of
1 them as not to be able to meet his obligations.
; Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose, sir, there are
J $150,000,000 of these notes out to-day, and that
! §50,000,000 are put upon deposit; suppose the
; depositors give notice that ten days hence they
will want their notes: now, jf he has the right
to reissue those notes put on deposit, he may find
himself called upon to pay the notes and nothave
' anything on hand with which to pay them,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very true; but 1
j suppose the Secretary does not anticipate any-
j thing of the sort. He has the power to reissue
; them, and to reissue' them as they come m, sub-
i ject only to the limitation that the whole amount
out shall not exceed $150,000,000.
Mr. COLLAMKR. Tiiat is the very point to
which I wish to call the attention of the gentle-
man: whethei it is tiue, because he has the light
to reissue notes winch are received in paymentof
taxes, &c., that ho therefoie has the ri^ht to rc-
; issue these notes that are merely placed on deposit,
subject to be called for at any day the depositor
■ pleases.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. These notes thus placed
j on deposit are loaned to the Government; they are
: in the hands of the Secretary; he icceives them;
| and he may reissue them, of course, having bor-
: rowed them, if you please, for tiny other purpose,
j just exactly the same as any of the othei notes.
Mr. COLLAMER. As they are subject to be
called for at any time, how can he meet that call
if he reissues thern ;
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is for him to look
out for, undoubtedly. If the honorable Senator
supposes that the Secretary would so manage the
matter as not to be able to meet the obligations
of the Government, and deprive himself of ail
means to do so, th'-ro is that danger, of course.
Bui I suppose it is left to him to ascertain that
, fact; and 'it is not to be piusumed that he would
I leave hims< If without means. The difficulty, it
i strikes me, is rather imaginary. The necessities
of the Government may compel him to do it, and
i in that case, we must meet the obligations of the
Government by legislation hereafter. There is
no mode that I am aware of to look out for it now.
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of argu-
ing the matter at length, but simply to state the
circumstances under which I was authorized by
the committee to offer the amendment to the Sen-
ate, for the Senate to pass upon according to their
views. The Secretary of the Treasury think it
very desirable; and, as I have more than once
said in the Senate, in matters of detail, and in the
management of the funds we intrust to him, I
think it safer to trust to his discretion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not regard the ques-
tion I put to the Senator as being at all qualified
by the fact whether the amount was $25,000,000
or $.50,000,000. It applies just as well to one as
the other. I do not therefore object to the amend-
ment on that ground; but I put the question merely
toshowthe practical impossibility ofgetting along
in this way without, in all probability, producing
the necessity for more issues of notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was very much opposed
to this section of the Treasury note bill when it
was under consideration. I ventured then to make
a prophecy that within two weeks from that time
the Secretaiy would call upon us to remove the
limit. My prophecy has turned out to be true.
Within two weeks (for I believe the law has not
been on our statute-book for quite ten days yet)
this limit is asked to be removed. In my judg-
ment, the whole section was wrong, and therefore
J certainly will not vote to extend it. Now what
is the practical effect of it? The Secretary of the
Treasmy is authorized to receive on deposit these
demand notes for which he issues certificates of
deposit payable with five percent, interest. This
operation is necessarily confined to the cities where
these notes accumulate m banks, and may at any
time be deposited. The deposit certificates are
liable to be paid on demand in ten days. The
Government gets no benefit from the arrangement
at all. The Secretary of the Treasury thinks he
does. My friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, has not ventured to express an opin-
ion upon that point; but he seems to think the
Treasury in some way gets a benefit from this
arrangement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I depend on the Secretary
on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it is the most futile idea
that can enter the mind of any man. The deposit
is made by a person holding these notes. The
notes are not drawing interest. At the pleasure
of the depositor these notes are made to bear five
percent, interest. We mustkecpthose notes there
m the hands of the sub-Treasurer, to pay these cer-
tificates of deposit; otherwise, we arc liable,at any
moment, to have our Government dishonored.
The practical effect of it will be to compel Con-
gress hereafter to issue an amount of Treasury
notes equal to the amount of this deposit I ven-
ture to make that prediction, as I have the other,
although the operation will not be so soon.
There is no practical use in this measure, and
I think the Secrelary of the Treasury ought to
abandon it. It is of no benefit to the Government.
It is of no benefit to anybody except the bankers
i m New York. Now, since the bankers aic com-
| polled to take these notes, since they now desire
| to take the notes, since thev have had new light
! and find that it is convenient to take the notes
! and make other people take them, I do not think
j there is any occasion to give them an additional
i benefit.
I This is not a small matter. The present inter-
est on the $25,000,000 authorized is $1,250,000 a
year. That is a small item in these times. But
now you piopose to double the amount so that
you will pay $2,500,000 to the bankers and brokers
of Now York for interest on notes which in the
hands of the people bear no interest. That is the
preeise operation of this scheme. As a matter of
course, all the bankers of New York are very de-
sirous to carry it on. They have made these cer-
tificates of deposit the medium of their exchanges
m which they pay balances in the clearing house
m New York. They were so anxious in New
Yoik to seize upon this mode of obtaining inter-
est that they at once appiopnated §20*000,000 out
of the $*25,000,000 by a resolution, which 1 believe
j1 they adopted on Saturday last. They claimed
|l that as New York was the great center of finance,
