2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their homes in the South with food and clothing, and aid-
ing them to return to their homes, and for the relief of suf-
fering' Indians eisewhert', to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretai.v of the Interior, or so much thereof as
may be needed, $200,000."
And reference is made to the statements which
are contained at pages 30, 31, and 32 of the doc-
ument which I hold in my hands, showing the
condition of these Indians, the numbers that have
been driven out of the various tribes of Creeks,
Seminoles, Gtuaprvws, Delawares, Chickasaws,
Kickapoos, and Keechics, and others, and their
present condition in Kansas. This account was
written in February, during the winter months,
when their suffering was most severe.
The committee, in looking this thing over,
and desiring to save the expenditure of every
dollar possible, determined not to recommend the
$200,000 appropriation asked by the Secretary,
nor to offer it as an amendment to the appropria-
tion bill; but they determined that if the Senate
should decide to pay the interest upon the ab-
stracted bonds, held for the benefit of the Indians,
they would recommend that the amount of that
interest which was becoming due to those tribes
that are now disloyal, instead of being paid over
to the tribes, might be used by the Department in
taking care of the suffering loyal Indians who had
been driven out of the Indian Territory. That
question came up yesterday, and it was discussed,
and the Senate did not agree to the amendments
for the payment of interest on the abstracted and
non-interest paying bonds, and that whole matter
goes over until the next session. There are im-
portant questions involved in that proposition as
to the responsibility of the Government. Our
agents having lost the bonds, or suffered them to
be stolen from them, they being our custodians
of them, and the bonds belonging to the Indians,
it is a question whether the Government is not
responsible.
That proposition not having bepn agreed to by
the Senate, I offered this proviso in place of the
proviso contained in the House bill, which is that
the President may suspend the payment of any
sums going to disloyal Indians. Instead of that,
I offered this proviso, which would in effect se-
quester or confiscate (hat money, if you please,
for the benefitof the loyal Indians; ihat we should
make a kind of confiscation upon the moneys
which were going to the disloyal Indians, and use
them for the benefit of the loyal Indians who have
been driven out of their country and who are suf-
fering. That was my purpose. I certainly do
not desire to put any power in the Department
which can be abused or by which the Treasury
can suffer; but here arc our friends driven out from
their own tribes, with their wives and children,
because they are loyal to us, suffering everything
ni the hands of the Disloyal Indians; and it would
seem just and proper that some provision should
be made for thfir benefit. That was the object
of changing the proviso and providing that the
amount'which is appropriated by this bill, and
which mav be suspended by the President from
being paid over to the disloyal tribes, may be
used for the benefit and support of the ioval In-
dians.
On tins subject, to give the Senate a little pic-
ture of the suffering endured by these poor crea-
tures, I will read an extract from the repoil of
Mr. William Kile, special agent for the southern
refugee Indians, made to the Department in Feb-
ruary last:
" Leroy, Coffee County, Kansas,
February 21, J862.
"DearSih: According to in^nuctionsi, I loft Leaven-
Worth on Fridav, the lltii, for Foit Hoc, on the Vcidigiis.
I arrived at Lawience same day. f lound the Ivavv river
filled with ice. i succeeded in getting my horse over the
river on Saturday at eleven. I made the Sac and Fo\
agency, adi-stance of forty mile- that nijrht. I rhcte found
myselt ice-bound again. The Osage oi Meredozine river
wag impassable on account of ice. I exchanged my hoise
I°r <)Iie on tiie south side of the uvei. I got to this place
on Monday evening. Here I found the Neosho unpayable
on account of ice. I had to change hoives again/ and got
one on the south sid«  of tho river. I got to the Indian en-
campment on the Verdigris on Tuesday evening aftei dai k,
where I found VV. Coffin and agents Snow and Cutler
with the Indian*. I would heic reimulv that there i<; but ;
little poeliy in the duties ot an Indian a<jont anions? the re- '
iugees. I "pent the entire day in the cnea nnm"iit. I was. '
prepmedto s>eo a *et ot poor, needy, and dep-nd.'nt crea- |
tures but, sir, history will never eoiroetly cluontelc the 1
extieme suflenng of the*e Indians. Thev have been di'iven i
from their ho<ne-> without bemg able to bring any tlmi avvav '
of either clothing, stock, oi piovi.<ion<-: and hure I will re-
ni.uk, so cold a winter has nevci been known m this lati-
tude. I saw among the Creeks more than thirty that have
May 14,
been frozen in their flight. The toes of some were drop-
ping off; some had their hands frozen; some their ears;
others their noses.
"One easel wiil here relate: a boy, half-blood, (negro
and Indian,) fourteen years old—one of his feet had just
sloughed off about the middle or at the instep; the oilier
will eome off at the ancle; he is nearlv naked; his cloth-
ing consists of a piece of a check shiit. The mother and
two children, one of them as naked as it was born, aie un-
der an old sheet for a tent. The father was killed. The
weather is extremely coid, with snow one inch thick. The
river frozen so that it can be crossed on the ice. Mo*tof the
women are without shoes; a great many of-the children
entiiely naked ; many of the mothers with only a rag to
cover their loins. I saw one lodge in which there were
four women. They said the men were all killed in battle.
I named a lodge; not more than one in ten have tents.
They put hides, bark, grass, and everything that is possible
to shield them from the wind and storm. There is a very
considei able amount of sickness in camp; more among the
Creeks than the Seminoles. Theie is a greater proportion
of the Creeks frosted than of any of the otner tribes. Their
ponies are dying; they have lost half; about 2,000 have
died, and from appearances one half of the remainder
will not live, or more than half of them, until grass comes.
Superintendent Coffin had made an enrollment a few days
before I came ofthe numbers of each tribe. Hi« list shows
of the Creeks, 4,305; Seminoles, 1,095; Quapavvs, 176 •
Eushes, 544 ; Delawares and iron Eyes, 106; Chickasaws,
69; Kickapoos, 636 ; Keechics, 75.
"There have arrived, since the enrollment, about 300.
Theie are at Walnut, sixty miles south of Fort Roe, 368,
which are being brought down ; at a camp sixteen miles
above, on the Verdigris, 360 ; and at a camp on tho Cotton-
wood, foity miles above this place, on the Neosho river,
about 500; fragments of ail the tribes, making-a total of
8,570. And if any reliance is to be placed in what the
Indians say, there will be in a short time over 3,000 more,
or as soon as they can come."
We know that for keeping a single regiment of
white soldiers it costs many hundred thousand
dollars, and here over eight thousand of these In-
dians have been driven outin utter starvation and
destitution, and some kind of provision, the De-
partmentthinks, should be made for them. They
are our friends, and are suffering for us and for
their loyalty to us. It was with that view that
the amendment was offered. If there is anything
about the amendment that needs any guard, I
suggest to my honorable friend from Maine that
he propose anything he deems necessary to guard
it. If there is any danger of any abuse of power
in it, let that be provided against. But, sir, let
us take the moneys that belong to the scoundrels
who have driven them out, moneys that are go-
ing out of our Treasury, and pay them for the
benefit of those loyal Indians who have been
driven out of their country. It seems to me that
it is just.
Mr. GRIMES. How much money will this
place at the contiol of the Commissioner to be
used ior this purpose ? What amount of money
is due to these Indians?
Mr. DOOHTTLE. On a piece of paper yes-
-terday I ran ovei the appropriations in the bill,
and I believe the total is about one hundred and
nineteen thousand dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. For these Indians?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For these Indians in this
present appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES. How much money under this
amendment could be used for the purpose to which
the Senator desires that it shall be applied ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. About one hundred and
nineteen thousand dollais.
Mr. GRIMES. In addition to the amount we
appropriated since the session began?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the whole amount would
be $300,000 and upwards.
Mr. DOOLI rTLE. Not quite. Last year's
annuities of those tribes which were anticipated
under our resolution, amounted to about sixty
thousand dollars, and this, I think, will cover
about one hundred and nineteen thousand dollars.
A portion of it would of course have to be paid
over to those who remain loyal, at any rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate arc disposed
to undertake this business, and to carry out the
idea of the Senator from Wisconsin in his pro-
viso, it takes $60,000 and $119,000, according to
his figures; I have not figured it out. The total
is about one hundred and eighty thousand dollars,
and instead of its being in the hands of the Presi-
dent, to be applied according to law and treaty
stipulations, it is to be put into the hands of the
Secretary of the Inteiiorund sucli agents as he
chooses tif appoint, to be paid out day by day, ac-
cording to Jus discretion. That is just the amount
of it. If is a most unprecedented, a most unheard-
of appropriation of money. L
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection, if
that be preferable, to saying that the President
himself shall direct the application of the money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the proviso stands in
the bill, the President may suspend payments in
whole or in part; he can take a pai t of the money
and make an arrangement by which it shall be
regularly paid to those whom he chooses to rec-
ognize as the tribe, and pay it to them under the
treaty stipulation, and then there will be a proper
accountability in relation to tho matter. Under
this amendment, however, there would be no ac-
countability. This $180,000 would go into the
hands of agents; the Secretary could not use it
himself, nor could the Commissioner, but it would
go into the hands of an agent here and an agent
there and an agent elsewhere, to be applied to
individuals, according to their discretion. There
is no getting rid of that effect. If the Senate are
disposed to grant, such an amount of money for
that purpose, they can do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read carefully the
provision in the original bill and also the provis-
ion reported from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and I am satisfied the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin himself, when he reflects on the
effect of the proviso, will not press the amendment.
In case the tribal organization have become trai-
tors, the treaties with that tribe cease and determ-
ine, by an act of hostility or war. I suppose we
must apply the same rule to an Indian tribe as to
a foreign nation in that respect. If the tribe has
organized against the Government of the United
States, it is the duty of the President to proclaim
that fact, or at least we should require him to do
it, and thereupon all treaties with that tribe cease
and determine. In that case, and in that case only,
have we a right to divert the money required to be
paid under these treaties fora different purpose. If
the treaties are still in existence, and still the law
of the land, it is the duty of the PresidenMo carry
them into effect. If the Delawares and other tribes
inthe Arkansas region are still loyal, it is theduty
of the President to apply these appropriations for
their benefit and pay them over in the ordinary
way; but if the tribal organization has become dis-
loyal, it is his duty, or we can make it his duty,
to proclaim that the treaties with such tribe have
ceased and determined by their own act, and in
that case, if there are any loyal Indians among
them, they ought to be protected from the conse-
quences of such a proceeding.
Mr. HARLAN. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that the difficulty is, that a part of ihe
Indians of each tribe are loyal, and have been
driven out of their country, and the annuities that
would be due to them have been anticipated, and
already paid out to them; and still an additional
sum of money is necessary in order to sustain
them until their ciops can be cultivated and sup-
plies secured. The proposition of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs is to enable
tlx1 President to take the annuities that otherwise
would be paid to the Indians that are now disloyal
and pay them to those portions of the tribes which
are loyal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am coming to that. The
provision reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs applies the money we appropriated Ust
year, and that which we appropriate this year, m
one indiscriminate sum—all heretofore and all
hereafter appropriated is put in the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior, to be disbursed by him
without limitation, restraint, or qualification. That
is the effect of it. I have diawn up hurriedly a
proposition which, I believe, will avoid these dif-
ficulties, and be satisfactory to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance:
That in case the tribal organization of any Indian tribe
shall be in hostility against the Government of the United
.States, the President is authorized and roquiied to deUciie
by proclamation all treaties with such tribe as terminated
by such tt ibe; and in such case the President is authorized
to expend so much of ttie appropriations for such tube as
is necessary to relieve all loyal Indians belonging to such
tribe.
I presume we can do that, and it is all we can
do. If it is in order, I move this proposition as an
amendment to the amendment reported from tho
Committee on Indian Affairs. I think it will
probably accomplish the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.
in the chair.) The Chair thinks ihe amendment
of the Senator fiom Ohio is not in order. The
amendment before the Senate is a motion tostuke
out and insert. That, being an integral question,
