2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ought to be cut off from the clerks. It is a trifling
expense to the Government, and it would be a
great inducement in the employment of competent
persons. They eat upon the farm, and the addi-
tional cost to the Government is nothing; where-
as, if you want to employ a good clerk, when you
give a man to understand that he has got to live
outside of the reservation, to rent a house, or prob-
ably build one in order to keep himself or family,
as the case may be, you will have great difficulty
in getting competent persons. If they live on the
farm their board costs nothing to the Government;
they eat what the rest of the employes eat.
Mr. GRIMES. Are we to pay for the expense
of their keeping?
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. In the Senator's own town of
San Francisco, the salary^)aid to clerks in the
navy-yard is only $1,200.
Mr. LATHAM. There is a difference be-
tween living in San Francisco and three or four
hundred miles in the interior, near the mount-
ains.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not insist on this
branch of my amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how it is in
California, but in the States in the Mississippi
valley the expense of living on the frontiers is
much less than in the towns. You can board for
a dollar a week on the frontier of Iowa.
Mr. LATHAM. The rule is changcd in Cal-
ifornia. You can board cheaper in the cities in
California, where they have ready markets, than
in the interior. The reservations are far away
from the settlers, in order that the whites may not
come in contact with the Indians. If you give a
clerk to understand that when he goes there he
has probably to build himself a house, and to live
outside of the reservations, to take his own groce-
ries there, to raise his own vegetables and cereals,
"you will find great difficulty in getting a compe-
tent man to go. The commonest laborer you can
got there receives from forty to fifty dollars a month
and board. Clerk hire ranges from $1,200 up to
$3,000 per annum, according to capacity, and lliey
board themselves, but that is in the cities, where
they can board comparatively cheap. As I said,
the cost to the Government will be very ti tiling,
because they live on the farm with the rest of the
employes, and I apprehend that the additional
amount of food which will be cooked for their
support will be a mere trifle to the Government.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine had
better propose to fix this salary at ยง1,500, rather
than leave it at $1,200 and board. That is indefi-
nite, and wo do not know what may be allowed
under it by the superintendent. Theie is no defi-
nitcnessin the term " board." We may becharged
ten dollars a week, or we may be charged a dollar
a week, or a dollar and a hall', which may perhaps
be the actual cost. We hail better pay a fixed
sum, ami have nothing^ do with paying bouid
bills. The truth is, that these clerks will proba-
bly be sons 01- brothers, or some connection of
the family of the superintendents, and will live
with the superintendents. Twelve hundred dol-
lars is a very liberal salary for a clerk, saying
nothing about boaid. Let us not go into the board
business. It is a very indefinite mode of doing
things.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chan-
understand the Senator from Maine as modifying
his amendment so as not to strike out the words,
" and board?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it better to strike
them out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine to the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the amendment to the
amendment will not be adopted. I am perfectly
satisfied that the salary of the superintending
agents, as I inserted it in the amendment, is as
low as it ought to be, and I think that this spirit
of economy will only result in unnecessary ex-
travagance in the use of the public funds upon the
part of the employes. It is the poorest economy
in the wurld upon the part of a Government to
stint its employes in compensation. I much pre-
fer tohave a liberal salary given,and good worthy
men fill iheir places, than to reduce the salai ics so
low that the officers can baioly keep body and i
soul together. Good men will not continue in the !
places if you make the salaries too low; and if I
you get improper men there, they will commit
some kind of peculation that, whether you can
trace it or not, will make their compensation far
more than if, in the first instance, you gave good
men good salaries. That, I think, is the univer-
sal experience of the Government, and certainly
has been the experience of the Government on
our coast.
This question of board for the clerks is a mat-
ter that I care very little about. I do not care
much whether that stays in or goes out, because
I believe the Senator from Iowa is correct in say-
ing that these men will board at the reservation
whether you put it in or not. My only object in
putting it in was that I thought the superintend-
ents could secure a higher order of talent if it was
understood that the clerks were to board at the
reservations. I did not presume that the super-
intendents would make them an allowance for
their board, but that they would live on the res-
ervations with the other employes, and be sup-
ported in the same manner.
Mr. GRIMES. It would be so under your
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had better strike out
"and board."
Mr. LATHAM. I do not care anything about
the board, but I hope the Senate will not reduce
the salaries of the superintendents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment to the amendment,and declared
that it appeared to be agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no."| We cannot get a quorum
otherwise.
Mr. LATHAM. I am not a political friend of
these superintendents, but I have taken some in-
terest in having justice done to them. I think the
Senate is rather hard on them in reducing their
salaries from $3,600 to $2,500; but I give way to
the wishes of the majority of the Senate. I shall
not insist on calling i'or a division and breaking
up a quorum, if their own political friends wish
to reduce their salaries.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is agreed to, the call for
a division being withdrawn.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how the Senator from California made up the
sum of $51,720 for these salaries.
Mr. LATHAM. I computed the salaries of
the superintendents and clerks and the wages of
the laborers, and put down the gross amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then $7,200 should bo
deducted from the $51,720, being the salaries of
two superintendents at $3,600 each.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment was agreed to, and then
the Chair put the question on the amendment as
amended, and that was agreed to. There is now
no question immediately before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A mistake in the sum
can be corrected, by general consent, to conform
to an amendment already adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
objection the correction will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The $51,720 should be
$44,520.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A change in the bill is
necessary in order to conform to the amendment
just adopted in regard to California. In the twen-
tieth and twenty-fust lines of the 2d page of the
bill the gross sum of $93,450 should be amended
by deducting $2,200. We have struck off $1,100
from the salary of each superintendent m Califor-
nia, and therefore $2,200 should be deducted from
the aggregate, making it $91,250.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That deduction
will be made if there be no objection, in order to
make the bill consistent with itself. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole have
all been acted upon. The bill is still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the amendment
which I indicated a while ago in the form of a sep-
arate section, to come in after the original House
bill, so us to follow the proviso immediately:
Jlnd be it fuilher enacted. That in ea-es wiicie the tribal
organization of any Indian tube t-lutll be in actual hostility
to the Umtod States, the I'l evident is heieby authorized and
required by proclamation to declare all treaties with such
tribe as annulled, abrogated, and set aside by such tribe, and
the President is authorized to expend so much of the money
appropriated for such tribe as may be necessary for the re-
lief and supply of all loyal Indians belonging to such tribe;
and all disbuisements under this section fchall be reported
in detail to Congress on the first day of the session follow-
ing the fiscal year during which such money is expended;
and all supplies furnished under this act shall be purchased
in the mode prescribed by law for other supplies.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the first part
of this amendment, which not only authorizes but
directs the President to declare that all treaties
with these tribes are absolutely annulled, there
are some serious objections, I think, to its being
passed in that form. If the authority were given
to the President for him in his discretion, or if he
deems that the public interests require it, to de-
clare that the treaties are entirely abrogated, it
might be well; but there are peculiar circumstances
to which I will call the attention of my friend from
Ohio in relation to some of these Indian tribes.
The truth is, that by our treaty relations with them
we were bound to keep certain forces of the Uni-
ted States within the Indian territory; bound to
keep agents among them; bound to pay over an-
nuities for the benefit of schools, &c. Strange as
it may seem, some agents were appointed for these
Indians under the influence of a certain Senator
from Arkansas. Mr. Mitchel is the gentleman to
whom I refer, who was believed at the beginning
of this Administration to be a loyal citizen, who
claimed to be a Union Senator, but who has sub-
sequently become a secessionist. He induced the
Administration here to believe that he was in fa-
vor of the Union and of sustaining the Govern-
ment, and through his influence certain agents
were appointed for these Indian tribes by the pres-
ent Administration, which very agents have not
only turned secessionists themselves, but have
exerted their influence with these tribes to lead
them to join in this war against the Government,
so that, to a certain extent, our own Administra-
tion, by being imposed upon in this way in the
appointment of these agents, if they have not
been instrumental in leading them into this war
against the Government, at all events are not
without fault.
Wo ourselves have been imposed upon. The
Indians were told by these agents that the Gov-
ernment of the United States was broken up; that
we were all going to pieces, and that as a matter
of course, they ought to go with the southern
States, with which they would naturally affiliate.
They thus have induced the Indians to go into
this war. It is next to impossible for an Indian
tribe to keep out of a war, if there is one going on
about them. Now, to take the extreme measure of
directing the Piesident to annul all the treaties with
these tribes, it seems to me, is going further than
we ought. If the amendment should simply au-
thorise the President to do so if he, in his judg-
ment, should deem it best to annul these treaties,
very well, and allow the money that would go to
these disloyal Indians to be appropriated for the
benefit of the loyal Indians. That is all right
enough. I suggest to my friend from Ohio to mod-
ify his amendment so as to"authorize the President
to declare them abrogated, if in hisjudgment the
public interests require it. I think we ought not
to go to the extent of directing the President to
annul all these treaties.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether Congress, the law-making
power, has any authority over the treaty-making
power; whether it, by a simple law, can direct
that a treaty shall be annulled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that Congress can
declare war; and when an Indian tribe prosecutes
a war against the United States, the Presidentcan
issue a proclamation declaring that fact, and that
is an end to the treaty. War itself is an end of
the treaty and abrogates it. I simply desire that
the proclamation of the President shall be issued,
so that the Indians themselves and all the people
of the United States may know that a state of war
exists between us and an Indian tribe, just as we
proclaim war against a foreign nation.
The objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Wisconsin is this: if, while these treaties
are in existence, we go on to appropriate large
sums of money for the relief of the loyal Indians,
we shall be called upon hereafter to pay all the
annuities piescnbed in the treaties. The only way
in which we can justify the payment of large sums
