3084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Itseems to me the principle is right, and the ques-
tion I ask is, whether it is one of general appli-
cation, or whether in fact it is not being applied
exclusively to the Navy, and not to the Army ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. This bill is in favor of
marines, and the only difference between it and
the bills which have heretofore passed this House
is, that it includes tire personal effects of the offi-
cers, as well as of the petty officers and marines.
The bill just passed in regard to the crew of the
Varana, and one or two other bills lately passed,
include only the seamen and petty officers.
The ground on which this bill was put is, that
the steamer Governor, upon which these officers
and marines were embarked, was entirely unsea-
wovthy; that after it had been condemned by the
Navy Department, and refused to be chartered by
them, it was chartered in the hurry and confusion
of affairs by the War Department. It was con-
demned by officers competent to survey the vessel,
and it was lost, as everybody ought to have known
that it would be.
Mr. HOLM AN. What officer of the War Dc-
paitment chartered this vessel?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am not prepared to give
the names of either. I merely know the fact that
the vessel had been examined and rejected by sur-
veyors upon the j art of the Navy Department,
and that it was afterwards chartered by the War
Department. The question of seaworthiness is
one over which the officers and crew had no con-
trol. It is upon that ground that the Senate passed
the bill, and upon which the House committee,
aflerconsiderable discussion, agreed to report back
the bill for relief, mid for paying for the personal
effects both of officers and men.
Mr. HOLMAN, That would embrace money.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The bill is not intended
to embrace money.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of making
this bill correspond with the general legislation
upon this subject, 1 move to amend so as to con-
fine the provisions of the bill to the classes of per-
sons who have heretofore been the recipients of
this kind of legislation.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 would inquire if the gen-
tleman from New York is not upon the floor? If
ho is, the gentleman from Indiana has no right to
occupy the floor.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from New
York yielded to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DAWES. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from New York, I wish to say that I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
will not prevail, for I think the Crovernmentought
to indemnify every man they put on board the
Nteamer Governor and Kent upon that mission to
Port Itoyal. A vessel that had been condemned
by the !N:ivy Department as utterly unseaworthy,
was chartered by an agent of the War Depart-
ment, unci men put on board of it, and their lives
and all they had with them peiiled. The ship
went down, and they were taken prisoners, and
are now held as such, because of a dereliction of
duty of an agent of the Government. I hold that
the Government ought to indemnify every man
they put on board of such a vessel.
Mr. HOLMAN. Who was that agent of the
Government?
Mr. DAWES. I understand, further, that the
men and officers put on board of that vessel pro-
tested Etg.iinst, their lives and effects being periled
by being put on board of a steamship wlueh lmd
been pronounced by the Navy Department unsea-
worthy; and the man who would jeopardize the
lives of the officers and men of the Army orNavy
in that way, ought to be impeached at the bar of
the Senate, I care not who he is.
Mr. HOLMAN. My question is, who was the
agent who chartered that vessel ?
Mr, DAWES. I am notable to say positively.
I believe it was John Tuekt-r,employed as agent
of the War Department for that business. It was
either he orsomcsub-agontof his. I think it one
of the strangest operations of any Department of
this Government.
There were three vessels chartered at the same
.time, the Governor, the Union, and the Winfield
Scott. The Union went down, too, and hundreds
of thousands of dollars of property were lost in
consequence. The Winfield Scott was totally dis-
abled, and was pronounced unseawoi thy when it
reached Port Royal. All three of these vessels
had been condemned by a board of survey of the
Navy Department, and that fact was known to
the agent of the War Department before they
were chartered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, this case well
illustrates the absence of wisdom on the part of
the Government in Employing irresponsible per-
sons to enter into contracts of this character, not
only involving vast expense to the Government
but also the loss of valuable lives. It was for the
purpose of elucidating and bringing forward th ese
facts that I made the motion, which I now with-
draw.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move the previous ques-
tion on the third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;'and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHEWS OP THE CUMBERLAND AND CONGRESS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, an act (S. No. 256) for the
relief of the widows and orphans of the officers,
seamen, and marines of the United States ships
Cumberland and Congress.
The bill provides that the widows, children,
parents, brothers, or sisters of the officers, seamen,
and marines, and others in service who were lost
in the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress, including captains'clerks, shall be entitled
to and shall receive a sum equal to twelve months'
pay of their respective* deceased relatives, in ad-
dition to the pay due at the time of the loss of said
vessels.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
SECOND LIEUTENANTS OF MARINES.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 306) regulating the appoint-
ment of second lieutenants in the marine corps.
The hill directs that hereafter second lieutenants
in the United States marine corps shall be taken,
by selection of the President, from the graduates
of the United States Naval Academy.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentlemanfromNew
York allow me to inquire of him in what manner
these appointments arc now made?
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are scrambled for
now by members of Congress.
Mr. IIOLMAN.** Does not the Secretary of the.
Navy make the appointments now?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes; they are made from
the community at large, just as he chooses.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then 1 understand that at
the present time these second lieutenants are not
chosen from graduates of the Naval Academy.
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are not. They are
made from civil life.
Mr. HOLMAN. And the question now is
whether these appointments shall be limited to the
graduates of the Naval School?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes; this limits it to them.
Mr. HOLMAN. And in the event of the pas-
sage of this bill, can any appointments at all in the
Navy be made from civil life?
Mr. SEDGWICK. We have provided by a
bill of this session that acting masters from civil
life may, upon certain conditions, be put into the
line of the Navy. Hitherto there has been no such
authority.
Mr. IIOLMAN. What are those conditions?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The conditions are that
they distinguish themselves by good conduct.
1 he bill was read the third time.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fessenden
and Woodruff were appointed.
Mr. CALVERT. I should like to know whether
it is obligatory on young gentlemen who are grad-
uatesoftheNaval Academy to serve in the marine
corps. I doubt whether they can be got to serve;
and unless it is obligatory on them, I am opposed
to the bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is not obligatory. Itis
hardly necessary in this country to pass a law
compelling persons to take offices, civil or mili-
tary.
Mr. CALVERT. The marine corps is not a
desirable place for graduates of the Naval Acad-
emy. If they can get into the Navy, they will not
go into the marine corps.
The House divided; but before any report was
made by the tellers,
Mr. SEDGWICK withdrew his demand for
tellers.
The question was taken; and the bill was re-
jected. «
RESOLUTIONS OF TIIANKS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it do
pass,a joint resolution (S. No. 83) of thanks to
Captain David G. Farragut, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men under his cora-
mand. .
The resolution, which was read, tenders the
thanks of the people and of the Congress of the
United States, to Captain David G. Farragut, of
the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command composing his squadron
in the Gulf of Mexico, for their successful oper-
ations on the lower Mississippi river, and for their
gallantry displayed in the capture of Forts Jack-
son and St. Philip and the city of New Orleans,
and in the destruction of the enemy's gunboats
and armed flotilla. It further directs the Secre-
tary of the Navy to communicate this resolution
to Captain Farragut, and through him to the offi-
cers and men under his command.
The jointresolution wasordered to a third read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it do
pass, joint resolution S. No. 66, expressive of
the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Wor-
den, of theUnited States Navy, and to the officers
and men under his command on the Monitor.
The resolution tenders the thanks of Congress
and of the American people to Lieutenant Wor-
den,and the officers and men under his command,
in the iron-clad gunboat Monitor, for the skill and
galltfhtry exhibited by them in the late remarkable
battle between the Monitorand the rebel iron-clad
steamer Merrimac, and requests the President to
cause this resolution to be communicated to Lieu-
tenant Worden,and, through him, to the officers
and men under his command.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
amend that resolution so as to include the name of
Lieutenant Pendergrast, who fought the Congress
so gallantly upon that occasion, and only surren-
dered his ship when all hope of defense was gone.
Mr. SEDGWICK. This is a Senate resolu-
tion. If the gentleman will draw up a resolution
for that purpose, it will unquestionably pass. I
hope he will not embarrass this resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well, sir; I will pur-
sue that course.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, joint resolution S. No. 61, tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Louis M. Golds-
borough, and the officers, petty officers, seamen,
and marines under his command, for the victory
at Roanoke Island.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution tendering the thanks
ofCongress to Captain Samuel F. DuPontfor his
services and gallantry in action; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. In pursuance
of the recommendation of the President of the
United States, it tenders the thanks of Congress
to Captain Samuel F. DuPontfor his services and
gallantry in action against the enemy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York that, although these res-
olutions are from the Senate, and there is a par-
ticular object in enacting them, there is certainly
something calculated to excite a little annoyance
upon the part of an American citizen, in such a
striking discrimination being made between the
officer who happens to command and the body of
seamen or of other citizens, whoever they may
be, who may be under his authority in actions in
which they, as well as himself, have periled their
