1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
those on hand to realize $50,000,000 at any time
you are called upon to pay it, in addition to your
receipts from day to day from the same source ?
It is simply doing what the banks have been in
the habit of doing for five hundred years, to wit:
receiving money on deposit—borrowing money,
if you please—paying an interest upon it, and re-
turning it at its own option; that is, its option is
within ten days.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make an inquiry ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I simply propose to inquire upon
what fund the bank relies to redeem these certifi-
cates? When they issue a certificate of deposit
bearing interest, upon what fund do they rely to
redeem it, in case it is returned ?
Mr.CHANDLER. Theyrelyupon their daily
business receipts; and in addition to that they
usually have securities which they can turn into
money on an emergency.
Mr. HOWE. But would they issue them if
they were not receiving deposits every day?
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; is not the Gov-
ernment receiving money every day from differ-
ent sources ? Does not the Government propose
to do it? If one million is called for to-day, can
it not issue that same million to-morrow ? If ten
millions are called for to-day, can it not issue the
same ten millions to-morrow? It is identically (he
same course that has been pursued by bankers for
five hundred years, and I cannot illustrate it or
make it plainer than common sense will do it to
any man.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not wish to discuss
this matter to any greater length; it is understood
by the Senate; but I cannot see the point of op-
position so very strongly as some gentlemen seem
to look at it. We go upon tins system—it is a very
simple one: we authorize the issue of §150,000,000
of Treasuiy notes. We do not suppose that that
will meet all our calls. What aie we to do ? We
provide that they may be turned into bonds at six
per cent, at any moment, and we hope that they
will be turned into bonds fast enough to enable us
to keep up the circulation of §150,000,000, and
thus meet our responsibilities. Now, instead of
that, it is proposed that they may be allowed to
be turned into certificates; that is, put upon de-
posit, and certificates issued, that are subject to
be called for at any moment, if you please, buton
ten days'notice, is it the time that gentlemen
object to? That is ail the di (Terence; we gut money
at five per cent, instead of six, only we may be
called upon in ten days, instead of being called
upon in five, or ten, or twenty years, as the case
may be.
Then the only argument there is against the
proposition—because, so far as percentage is con-
cerned, it is all in our favor; we save one per cent.
—is, that you may be called upon very suddenly
and the Government may not be able to meet it.
My answer to that is a very simple one. I take
it, in the first place, that the Secretary would pied-
icate his action with regard to this money upon
what he believed he should be able to do by way
of meeting all demands that were made upon him.
As the Senator from Michigan says, he has the
daily receipts of the Government, such as they
are, and he has the power to sell bonds, to put
them out, and the notes themselves; and he can
go into the market and buy notes even if he has
to buy them at a discount; or he can call upon
Congress to get him out of the difficulty if he gets
into one unexpectedly. The only question is,
shall we refuse to do this thing which he seems
to think beneficial, because wo are afraid the mat-
ter may be so managed that the Government paper
may be discredited? It has never been discredited
to any extent as yet, anil I trust it never will be.
I trust we shall have power to meet all our obli-
gations as they arise. I do not see any great diffi-
culty about the subject, and I propose to give the
Secretary the power he wants, so far as restricting
it to §50,000,000 is concerned.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have another amend-
ment to offer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire now, or at some j
other tiiuo, to have a vote of the Senate on the last
proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done in j
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert as a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, Tliat in all ca^es where the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy isauthonzed by law to reissue notes,
he may replace such as arc so mutilated or otherwise injured
as to be unfit for use, with others of the same character and
amount, and such mutilated notes and all others which hy
law aie required t® be taken up and not leissued, shall,
when so replaced or taken up, be destroyed m such manner
and undersuch regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole. The question will
be taken on all the amendments together, unless
there shall be certain excepted ones. Does the
Senator from Ohio desire a separate vote upon the
section alluded to by him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT Then the question
will be takenon concurring in all the other amend-
ments.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concuning in the amendment referred to by
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Mc=ms. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Davi<, Dixon. Fehsenden, Foot, Fo^tei, Gumi's, Hale, Hai-
Jan, Hani;*, Lane of Kansas, Mori ill. Rice, Siunuei, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—*20
NAYS—Messis. Collamer, Doohttl<\ Henderson, Ilowe,
Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Latham, MeDou^all,
Pomeroy, Shemian, Ten Fa ck, Tiumbull, Willey, Wilbon
of Missouri, and Wright—10.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered" to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee of con-
ference, who have had under consideration the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 208) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th June, 1862, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from so much of ttieir thud
amendment as pi opuses to strike out woui-> in lieu of the
woids uwoitcd, and that the House agice to the said amend-
ment as so modified.
That the House lecede from their disagreement to the
Senate's eleventh, thuteenth, fouiteenth, fifteenth, eigh-
teenth, twenty-fifth, thnty-sixlh, and thirty-ninth amend-
ments, and airree to the same.
That the Senate recede fiom their eighth, ninth, tenth,
twenty-seventh, and thirty-eighth amendments.
That the Senate agiee "to the amendment of the House
to the thirty-fitili amendment of the Senate, and recom-
mend that>aul amendment of the House he inseited after
the thuty-fouith amendment ot the Senate.
I can state what these amendments are. The
third amendment of the Senate was to strike out
an appropriation of $15,000 to pay Mr. John C.
Rives for publishing a digest of the diplomatic
correspondence. The publication was made un-
der the advice of the Department of State, and the
books partly furnished to them, but a part have
remained with Mr. Rives because they were safer
in his keeping, for some reason or other. He has
been asking for payment for seveial years, having
actually executed the work. The money has not
heretofore been appropriated; but the House of
Representatives made the appropriation this year
and the Senate struck it out. The Senate inserted
at that part ofthe bill an amendment to pay for the
printing and binding of the Congressional Globe,
to which there was no objection on the part of the
House of Representatives except that it was put
in place of the other. That, however, was an error
of our engrossing clerk or of some clerk, which
I hope will he avoided in the future. They were
ically distinct things: one provision was struck
out and the other was inserted. The amendment
was not offered as a motion to strike out and in-
sert; but inasmuch as one came in where the other
was struck out, the clerk (as he has done in sev-
eral instances before) put these two propositions
as one amendment, to strike out the one clause
and insert the other. That has led to confusion
before, and has done so in this instance. They
were distinct amendments; one was to strike out,
and the other was to insert, but the one did not
take the place of the other, and was not so in-
tended. The Senate recedes from its amendment
striking out the $15,000; and the House of Rep-
resentatives allows the §18,000 for the printingand
binding of the Globe to remain, which is really a
reduction; thus leaving in both provisions.
The eighth, ninth, and tenth amendments of the
Senate abolished the office of recorder of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and made certain changes in the
appropriations consequent upon that. The House
of Representatives insist upon the bill as it was
in that respect, and the Senate recede.
The eleventh amendment of the Senate was a
proviso to the appropnatjon for books for libra-
ries, making a very considerable saving in ex-
pense. The House recede from their disagree-
ment to this amendment.
The thirteenth amendment was to strike out the
appropriation for the surveyor general of Utah.
The House recede from their disagreement to that.
The fourteenth and fifteenth amendments struck
out the appropriations for the surveyor general of
Nevada and his clerks, and for office rent of his
office. The House recede from their disagreement
to these amendments, and also from their disa-
greement to the eighteenth amendment, which in-
creased the appropriation for the Mint at Phila-
delphia. The twenty-fifth amendment was an
appropriation for a deficiency in the contingent
expenses of the Senate. The House recede from
their disagreement to this. The House disagreed
to the twenty-seventh amendment, which struck
out the appropriation for the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri for the present year. They
recede from that disagreement, and agree to the
amendment striking out the appropriation for next
year. In this way the office may be closed.
The House amended the thirty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate by inserting a couple of addi-
tional items, but they were put in at the wrong
place, and it is proposed to transfer them to their
proper place. These amendments appropriate
$15,000 for keeping the Patent Office building in
repair, and $9,000 to pay certain expenses in con-
nection with contested seats in the House of Rep-
resentatives. The thirty-eighth amendment,from
which the Senate recetle, appropriates $100,000
for ajail in Washington. The thirty-ninth amend-
ment provided for an Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, and the House recede from their disa-
greement to that. j
Mr. HALE. We necessarily must have great
confidence m these reports, because we have not
time to examine them. I desire, however, to in-
quire of the chairman of this committee—and I
shall be satisfied with his simple word on the sub-
ject—whether there is any legislation introduced
here, whether anything is contained in the report
except in relation to the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses ? I am answered that there is no legis-
lation in the bill; and of course I make no objec-
tion to the report.
The report was concurred in.
ARMY DIVISION STAFFS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
122) providing for the organization of the staff
attached to divisions of the Army of the United
States, regular and volunteer, has been returned
from the House of Representatives with amend-
ments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
that bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CAVALRY ORGANIZATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
153) for the better organization of the cavalry
forces has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
that bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SUTLERS IN THE VOLUNTEER FORCES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
136) to provide for the appointment of sutlers in
the volunteer service, and to define their duties,
has been returned from the House of Represent-
atives with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That bill
