1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. j
A message from the House of Representatives, I
by Mr. Robert Morris, chief clerk, announced i
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested:
A bill (No. 148) to secure to the officers and
men actually employed in the western department I
or the department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, '
and pension;
A bill (No. 149) making appropriations for the
paymentof invalidandotherpensionsof the Uni-
ted States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863;and
A bill (No. 155) making an appropriation for
gunboats on the western rivers.
OBJECT OF THE WAR.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following resolution:
Resohed, That the existing war, forced upon tlie country
by the States in lebellion without justifiable cause or piov-
oeation, vvaa., and is, designed by them to destroy the Onion
and the Constitution ; and their purpose, motcover, was at
first, and is now, to disavow and repudiate the fundamental
prineiplesof republican government on which oui lather!;
established the Union and the Consuiution.
Mr. President, I wish to submit a word of
explanation 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
for the consideration of tins resolution at the pres-
ent time. Is there any objection?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to hear the
resolution read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. WILLEY. It is not my purpose to dis-
cuss the resolution at the present time, unless it
be the pleasure of the Senate that I shall do so.
I am prepared to do it, but do not wish to inter-
pose any delay or liiteriupt the more pressing
business of the Senate. I desire, however, to say
now, that in the State which I have the honor in
part to represent we have not only a war of the
sword, but we have as yet a conflict of opinion.
I design this resolution as a supplement, and I
think an appropriate one, to the resolution offered
the other day by the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Ten Eyck.] I am prepared to discuss it now
if that be the pleasure of the Senate, but I am per-
fectly willing to let it lie over under the rules if
there be more pressing business calling upon the
attention of the body.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator will proceed.
There is no more pressing business now.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator will be per-
mitted to go on.
Mr. FOOT. No doubt it is the unanimous sense
of the Senate that the Senator from Virginia shall
proceed at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no ob-
jection to tiie considciation of the resolution, it is
now before the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY addressed the Senate for an hour
and a half, when, without having concluded his
remarks, he gave way. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Virginia, who kindly
yiel4s the floor, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business. Of course
when we come out of executive session, whether
it be to-day or to-morrow, it will leave the Sena-
tor on the floor to continue his remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that motion is put,
if my friend will excuse me, I would suggest that
there is a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives upon the table with reference to the adjourn-
ment over, and it proposes, as I understand, an
adjournment of both Houses from this day for
some two or three weeks. 1 do not know but that
courtesy to the House requires that we should
take it up and act upon it; and that being the case,
if he will give way, I will move to take up that
resolution, with a view either to have it rejected
or postponed.
Mr. RICE. I suggestto my friend from Maine,
that that had better be postponed until after the
executive session.
Mr. HALE and Mr. COLLAMER. We shall ;
not have a quorum then. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose there will be ;
no objection to postponing the consideration of it
until some early day.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there will be j
no objection to taking it up then. ["None.'*] [
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con- ■
sent the subject before the Senate will be regarded
as suspended, and will be treated as unfinished
business, to come up at the expiration of the ex-
ecutive session. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusettsallow the Chair to present some bills from
the House of Representatives for reference?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twicc by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No, 148) to secure to the officers,and
men actually employed in the western depart-
ment, or the department of Missouri, their pay,
bounty, and pension—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 149) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1803—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 155) making an appropriation for
the gunboats on the western rivers—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order, unless the Senator from Massachusetts
withdraws his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator if that can-
not go over until to-morrow. I had rather persist
m my motion for an executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw my motion,
then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time .spent therein the doors were
reopened.
ItECESS FOR CHRISTMAS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been suggested
that we should take up the House resolution pro-
viding for an adjournment for the Christmas holi-
days. The time for action on it, 1 am told, ex-
pires to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. From what hour to-day
is it proposed to adjourn ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. To-day is named with-
out any hour being fixed. It is very clear to me
that we cannot a^roc to it. I only suggested it
for the consideration of the Senate to sec whether
there was any necessity ,m courtesy to the House,
to act upon it. I learn there is not. Very well,
then; I shall not make the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to indi-
cate in some way what we mean to do with this
resolution. I know many gentlemen who arc
very anxious to learn whether we are going to
adjourn for the holidays or not. It does not alfect
me personally; I am too far from home, and I
shall not leave the city at any rate. Hence, I am
indifferent in that respect; but 1 know others who
are desirous that there shall be some action on it;
and if we mean to adjourn to-day, it would be
better now to determine it. We can do so between
this time and four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to my friend
that it is impossible, in my judgment, for us, with
any sort of safety, either to pass the resolution or
to fix a day upon which we shall adjourn for the
holidays. Therefore, in my opinion, the ques-
tion comcs to this: whether we shall simply take
it up and reject it, or just let it pass over. I am
informed by my friend from Vermont that there
is no discourtesy in letting it die as it is, without
taking it up. That was all the motive I had in
calling attention to the subject; and therefore it
may as well lie.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think every object is
accomplished, if it is understood, as the Senator
from Maine suggests, that we cannot concur m
the resolution or fix any time for an adjournment.
If that is the general understanding, of course
everybody will so regard it.
Mr. CARLILE. Would it be in order to sug-
gest an amendment fixing another day for the
adjournment ?
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not before the Senate. There is no motion pend-
ing. The resolution is upon the table.
Mr. CARLILE. I should like very much to
test the sense of the Senate whether we are to be
kept here during the holidays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
accomplish his object by moving to proceed to its
consideration.
Mr. CARLILE. I submit that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves to procecd to the consideration of
the resolution of the House of Representatives for
an adjournment.
Mr. CARLILE. I think it is due to the other
House that we should take it up.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 19, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and it cannot be taken up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that when the
Senate adjourn to-day, they adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can-
not be put unless there be a quorum present.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that we shall meet to-
morrow.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest that the vote be
taken again. Several Senators have come in since
the last vote was taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
count the Senate. Senators in favor of proceed-
ing to the consideration 
Mr. McDOUGALL I desire to have the mat-
ter considered. I think that there is hardly a
Senator who has had any opportunity to examine
carefully the reports that belong to the business
of legislation, and I do desire the opportunity of
examining the questions presented by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that no motion
can be entertained at present, without a quorum,
unless it be to adjourn. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. An adjournment
is called for.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There may be a
quorum present at this time. There was not on
the division.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Have I the floor ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was about to say that
I am not in favor of adjournments as a general
rule, and I try to be in my place as regularly as
any Senator; but I think that since the reports
have come in from the heads of the Departments,
we might as well have an adjournment to investi-
gate them, arid prepare our business. For what
length of time the adjournment shall be, I am not
prepared to say; but I think it should be dis-
cussed. The resolution comes to us from the
House of Representatives. We can modify their
resolution; but I do think we want time to investi-
gate the subjects presented by the Departments
of the Government for our consideration.
Mr. DIXON. Is it in order now to ask for the
yeas and nays on the question of taking up the
llouse resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bright, Carlile,
Cowan, Dixon. Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Johnson ot
Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham, McDougall, Nesnuth,
Peaice, Pomeroy, Rice, Sbciman, Thomson, Trumbull,
Wiikm^on, Willey, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Collamer, Fcss>e -
den, flailan, Harris, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
rill, Saulsbury, Sumner, and Wade—13.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion, so as to provide for an adjournment from
Monday next until the 3d day of' January.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia moves to amend the resolution by strik-
ing out <£ Thursday," and inserting " Monday."
That is his first amendment, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire only to remark that
I have not experience in this body, hut in other
legislative bodies of which I have been a mem-
ber I have always found it utterly impossible to
obtain a quorum during the holidays. There is
another reason that influences me. It is a habit
