1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comes back from the House of Representatives
with several amendments. I move that the Sen-
ate disagree to those amendments, and ask a con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Wil-
son of Massachusetts, Howard, and Wright
were appointed the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate.
PAYMENT OF VOLUNTEER FIELD OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up, for the purpose of getting off the Calen-
dar and out of the way, House bill No. 241, for
the payment of field officers of volunteer regiments
for services rendered prior to the full organization
of the regiments. We have been troubled some-
what with claims of this kind; and I think the bill
involves a very important principle. I should
like to have it disposed of. The Committee on
Military Affairs report adversely to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. As the bill alluded to by
the Senator from Massachusetts is likely to pro-
voke some discussion, I should like very much,
with his consent, to have it passed over for a mo-
ment, and allow us to proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 148, relative to the pay of sol-
diers employed m the department of the West,
which was before the Senate yesterday morning
and discussed for a few minutes. 1 was not in at
the time. Some of our citizens are deeply inter-
ested in it, and it has been pending here for over
two months. I have been unable to reach it here-
tofore; it has been before the Military Committee.
With the consent of the Senator, I should like
very much to have it taken up and passed. It will
take but a few minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In reference to that bill,
I wish to look at it a little further and get some
information in regard to it before it is taken up.
I made the objection yesterday morning when it
was laid over.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can satisfy the Senator
from Maine in a few minutes in regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator would
not be able to satisfy me in a few minutes about
it, with mv present infoimation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I shall not press
it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better lie
over.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
Senator from Missouri had better let that bill lie
over for a day or two, and I think, on examina-
tion, the Senator fiom Maine will be satisfied it
ought to be passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to con-
sume time about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now re-
new the motion I made to take up the bill I re-
ferred to.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator from
Missouri to say that he wished to be heard on
this biil of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 yielded upon request.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator from
Missouri to say that he desired to be heard upon
the bill which theSenatorfrom Massachusetts pro-
poses to call up.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all; but I said it
would probably lead to discussion.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts,
was agreed to; and the bill (H. R. No. 241) lor
the payment of the field officers of volunteer regi-
ments for service rendered priortothe full organ-
ization of the regiments, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it is neccssary to lead the bill unless some-
body desires it. The committee report adversely
to it, and the question will be on rejecting it.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
in all eases where a volunteer regiment has been
or shall be raised to the minimum standard, the
colonel and other field officers who have been com-
missioned shall be entitled to receive the pay and
allowances established by law for their respective
grades from the time they were severally author-
ized m writing by the President, the Secretary of
War, or the Governor of their State, to raise the
regiment; but in no ease is the pay to relate back
more than three months prior to the regiment
being raised to the minimum standard. It also
provides that captains of companies, under like
circumstances, may be paid not more than two
months' pay.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill be postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES Oi1 TIIE LAND SYSTEM.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 167)
to reduce the expenses of the survey and. sale of
the public lands in the United States. This is a
bill that was reported by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands. It was considered
some time ago, and laid over at my instance. I
wish now to have the bill acted upon. It will give
rise to no discussion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill. It provides
that contracts for the survey of the public lands
shall not become binding upon the United States
until approved by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Offire, except in such cases as the Com-
missionershall otherwise specially order; and that
the printed manual of instructions relating to the
public surveys, prepared at the General Land
Office, and hearing date February 22, 1855, the
instructions of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and the special instructions of the
surveyor general, when not in conflict with the
printed manual ur the instructions of the Com-
missioner, shall be taken and deemed to be a part
of every contract for surveying the public lands
of the United States. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office is to have power, and it is to
be his duty, to fix the prices per mile for public
surveys, which shall in no case exceed the max-
imum established bylaw; and under instructions
to be prepared by him, an accurate account is to
be kept by each surveyor general of the cost of
surveying and platting private land claims, to be
leported to the General Land Office, with the map
of such claim, and patents are not to issue for any
such private claim until the cost of survey and
platting shall have been paid into the Treasury
of the United States by the claimant. From
and after the 1st day of July next, and until other-
wise ordered by the President, the Territories of
Utah and Colorado are to constitute one survey-
ing district, and the duties of surveyor general m
that district are to be performed by the surveyor
general of Colorado; the surveying districtof Ne-
vada is to be united to that of California, the duties
of the surveyor general of the former to be trans-
ferred to the surveyor general of California, and
the transfer of the effects and archives of the offices
to be made under the instiuctions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Upon the recommendation of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the President may order the
discontinuance of any land office, and the transfer
of its business and archives to any other land office
within the same State or Territory. And from and
after the 1st day of July next, the compensation
of registers and receivers in all the land office-? in
the United States is to be an annual salary nf ยง500
to each, with the fees and commissions now pre-
scribed by law, and to be paid by claimants, an
additional fee in donation cases of five dollars for
each final certificate for one hundred and sixty
acres, ten dollars for three hundred and twenty
acres, and fifteen dollars for six hundred and forty
acres, to be accounted for in the same manner as
fees and commissions in warrant and preemption
locations, with limitations as to maximum of sal-
ary prescribed by existing laws, and in accord-
ance with such instructions as shall he given by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office. In
regard to settlements which by existing laws are
authorized in certain States and Territories upon
unsurveyed lands, which pmiiege is to be extended
to California, the preemption claimant is to be m
all cases required, from and after the 1st day of
September, ISC'2, to liie his declaratory statement
within three months from the date of the leceipt
at the distiiet laud uffice of the approved plat of
the township embracing such preemption settle-
ment. And fiom and after the 1st day of July
next, and until otherwise ordered by the Pres-
ident, the duties of the register and receiver of
New Mexico are to be transferred to and devolved
upon the surveyor general of that Territory; ami
it may be lawful for the President, in like manner,
to transfer the duties of register and receiver in.
any district to the surveyor general where the
public interest may require such transfer. And
from and after the 1st day of July next, the salary
of the surveyor general of California is not to ex-
ceed $3,0U0 per annum, and the salaries of the sur-
veyor general of Oregon and Washington are not
to cxceed $2,500 each per annum, and stiould the
survey ingdistricts of Utah and Nevadabe hereafter
established by order of the President, each as an
independent district, the salaries of the surveyors
general are not to exceed $3,000 each for those
districts.
Mr. LATHAM. I have an amendment to of-
fer as an additional section. I will merely state
that this section has received the approbation of
the Committee on Public Lands, and also of the
General Land Office and the Department of the
Interior:
And. be it further enacted, That where the settleis In any
township or townships not mineial or reserved by Gov-
ernment shall desire a survey made of the same, under the
authority of the surveyor general of the United States, and
shall file an apphcutlon therefor in writing, and deposit in
a proper United States depository to the ciedit of the Uni-
ted States a sum sufficient to pay for such suivey, together
with all expenses incident theieto, without cost or claim
for indemnity on the United States, it shall,  nd may be,
lawful for said surveyor general, under such instructions
as may be given liirn by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and in accoidance with existing laws and in-
structions, to survey such township ortownsliips, and make
return thereof to the general and proper local land office:
Provided, the townships so proposed to be surveyed are
within lange of the regular progress of the public suiveys
embiaced by existing standard lines or bases for the town-
ship and subdivisional surveys.
I will make a short explanation of this section.
I had it drawn up by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, more with a view to reach
my own State than any other portion of the coun-
try, and for this reason: it is well known to the
Senate that large sums of money have been ap-
propriated by Congress to carry on the surveys
in that State, and they have been improperly ap-
plied; that is to say, they have been expended,
and the Government has not been the beneficiary;
the surveys were carried on in portions of the
State that never could be brought into market;
lines were run through deserts. The result has
been that some $700,000 have been consumed for
which the Government have had no return.
Now, it is quite evident that Congress is un-
willing to appropriate any more money to carry on
these surveys, and especially while our finances
are in their present condition. The object of this
section is merely to allow the settlers to get a title
to the land, where they are willing, at their own
expense, to have the survey made. There are
large communities there who are perfectly willing
to defray all the expenses of the survey made by
the United States officer, if they can only have a
title secured to their lands, and the metes and
bounds run by the proper officer; and this section
is with a view to allow that to be done where they
arc willing to do it without costing the Govern-
ment anything. I ask the Secretary to read a let-
ter from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, showing the propriety of this provision.
The Secretary read, as follows:
General Land Office, February 25, 18C2.
Sir : Referring to Senate bill No. 187, to reduce the
expenses of survey rtiid sale of the public lands in the Uni-
ted States," Senator Latham has desired a section to em-
brace FUtveys, under particular cncumstances, at cost of
claimants, and a section has been drawn accordingly, copy
lieiewith, to which this officc sees no objection.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
J. M. EDMUNDS, Commissioner.
Hon. James Harlan, United States Senate.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WADE. I move that the President of the
Senate be authorized to fill the vacancy in the
committee on the conduct of the war, occasioned
by the withdrawal of the Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson.]
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Wright
was appointed to fill the vacancy.
CALIFORNIA COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. LATHAM. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill reported
by the Committee on Commerce relative to the
