1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3085
lives in the defense of the country. It seems to
me that all resolutions which ignore the existence
of the men who have fought bravely and well,
and point alone to the officers in command, are
contrary to the genius of a Government like ours.
If any class of men deserve the praise of the Gov-
ernment and special consideration, it is those who,
for trivial compensation, without much chance of
fame or reputatioft, with no other motive for great
exertions except that of patriotism and to deserve"
well of their country, imperil their lives in its
defense.
I do not know if it is inconsistent with the pol-
icy, in passing resolutions which are to be made
the basisofpromotion,toextend these resolutions
,so as to embrace the brave men who have fought
upon the slippery decks, as well as the men who
accidentally had command; and if it is, I do not
desire to remain in my seat when a resolution is
being passed complimentary to this commander,
or any other commander in the Navy, while the
humble sailor who has sacrificed all in the con-
test is entirely ignored and forgotten.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, in Decem-
ber last an act was passed by Congress to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy, and among other
provisions contained in that act, was this, that
the President of the United States should have
authority to detail from the list of retired officers,
retired by a previous law, any officer he chose to
command a ship or squadron, and that if after
such selection the retired officers thus called into
service should distinguish themselves by gal-
lantry in action, the President of the United States
might recommend them by name for votes of
thanks by Congress, and that the result of such
votes should be to restore them, for the time be-
ing, to the active list.
Now, the President has sent in a message rec-
ommending a vote of thanks to the officer who is
named in this resolution, and I hope that that will
be a satisfactory reason to the members of the
House for not including the officers and men un-
der his command in this resolution. If the gen-
tleman, as a compliment to the other officers and
men who have served in any action,and served cred-
itably, desires to bring in a resolution of thanks,
I have no doubt it will meet with the hearty con-
currence of the House, and will be passed unani-
mously. It is not for the purpose of making any
distinction—certainly not any invidious distinc-
tion—between the officers and men, that this res-
olution is offered. It is for a specific purpose, and
because, in this particular case, it accoids with
the act of Congress to which I have referred, and
will restore this very useful and gallant officer to
the active list of the Navy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire simply to say, that
whatever may be the intention of Congress, there
is in the estimation of the country an invidious
discrimination in all of these resolutions. It is im-
possible that every citizen should be as familiar
with the reasons for a resolution like this as is the
gentleman who is at the head of the committee
which reports it; indeed I have heard the inquiry
made by members upon this floor, how it hap-
pened that such resolutions were confined to a sin-
gle officer and did not include those who happened
to be subject to his orders.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is suggested by a gen-
tleman on my right, and I believe that such is the
fact, that a general resolution of thanks to Com-
modore Duront and all the officers and men under
his command, has already passed this House.
That certainly must remove the objection in the
mind of the gentleman from Indiana. This reso-
lution is for a specific purpose, and is well de-
served by this distinguished officer.
Mr. IiOLMAN. It would certainly be infi-
nitely better, if instead of making this discrimin-
ation, the President had simply been directed to
promote for these gallant services. The Presi-
dent will never have occasion to send in such mes-
sages as this to Congress, unless it lias happened
that the men under the command of the officer
whom it is proposed to thank have laid the foun-
dation upon which the resolution is to be based.
It is their gallantry, as much as his own skill and
courage, which gives him a claim to this promo-
tion. *
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to the several captains
and commandersof the naval forcesof theUnited
States in the squadron commanded by Flag-Offi-
cer Farragut; which was read a first and second
time.
The resolution was read. In pursuance of the
recommendation of the President of the United
States, it tenders the thanks of Congress to the
below-mentioned officers for their distinguished
services and gallantry in their several positions in
the squadron commanded by Flag-Officer Farra-
gut, which resulted in the capture of Forts Jack-
son and St. Phillip and the city of New Orleans,
and the destruction of the rebel gunboats, rams,
&c., in April, A. D. 1862, namely: Captains The-
odorus Bailey, Henry W. Morris, and Thomas
T.Craven; and Commanders Henry H.Bell, Sam-
uel Phillips .Lee, Samuel Swartwout, Melancton
Smith, Charles Stewart Boggs, John DeCamp,
James Alden, David D. Porter, Richard Wain-
wright, and William B. Renslmw. The resolu-
tion further directs the Clerk of the House to
forward a copy of the resolution to each of said
officers'.
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. McPHERSON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York one question. If I
heard the resolution aright, it only contains the
names of a certain number of the officers com-
manding, and does not contain the names of any
lieutenants commanding gunboats.
Mr. SEDGWICIC. It contains the whole list
of captains and commanders, but not of the lieu-
tenants or lower officers.
Mi?. McPHERSON. If there be any reason
why commanders should be publicly thanked in
this way, the same reason must certainly apply
to the lieutenants who were in command of gun-
boats, and who rendered service quite as distin-
guished and important as any other person in the
ileet. I think that the resolution, as originally
introduced, contained the names of these lieuten-
ants.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Not the Senate resolution.
Mr. McPHERSON. The President, in his
message, I believe, recommended a vote of thanks
to every officer commanding gunboats in that
action.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania propose any amendment?
Mr. McPHERSON. I have not an amendment
drawn up, but if the gentleman from New Yoik
will allow the resolution to stand over for the pres-
ent, I will draw up one. It is but just to these
lieutenants that their names should be included in
this vote of thanks.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I should like to accommo-
date the gentleman, but I wish to have this busi-
ness closed.
Mr. McPHERSON. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York as an act of justice to these men.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have offered the gentle-
man frotfl Pennsylvania that if he will draw up a
resolution of this kind, 1 will have it put upon its
passage to-morrow, if possible; but I cannot have
this resolution embarrassed.
The question was taken on the passage of the
joint resolution; and it was passed.
laws ret.ia.ting to the navy.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of levismg mid cod-
ifying the laws of the United States relating to the Navy
and maune corps, and iepott theieon to the IIous.e at jN
next session.
iron for siiip-building.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affair be, and
it is hereby, authorized to inquiie into the expediency of
procuung a suitable site and machinery for the manufac-
ture of iron to be used tn ship-building, and report thereon
to this House at its next session.
SITE FOR NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to Inquire as to a proper and permanent location
for the Naval Academy, and report thereon to this House
at its next session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe there has been au
appropriation made by the Senate for repairing the
Naval Academy buildings at Annapolis, and un-
less it be the determination of Congress to seek
another location, it seems to me that there is no
reason for this resolution. It is therefore well
enough to postpone this resolution till it is ascer-
tained whether Congress will make the appropria-
tion for repairing the buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. WASHBURNE, This resolution implies
that the Naval School is not to be located at An-
napolis, and I am therefore opposed to it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It does not imply any such
thing. It is to institute an inquiry as to a proper
permanent location for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It certainly implies a change
of location.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It seems to me to be a very
proRfr resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay iton the table.
The question being on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, the House divided, and
there were—ayes 34, noes 62.
Mr. CALVERT called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Low and
Crisfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty in the affirmative; a further count not
being demanded.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Baily, Beaman,
Biddlc, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clem-
ents, Corning, Cox, Crisfield, Crittenden. Delano, J)iven,
Dunlap, Dunn, Feuton, Hall, Harding, llolman, ttutehin->,
Kilimger. MePher&on, JMallory, Majnard, Justin S. Mor-
rill, Morns, Norton, Pendleton, Perry, Poiter, Richardson,
Riddle, James S. Rollins, John B. Steele, Sules, Benjamin
F. Thorns, Tiain, Tumble, Vibbaid, Wallaeo, Ward,
Wa^hbmne, Webster, and Wilson—46.
NAYS—Me-sis. Aldnch, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxter, Bingham. Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Gcoige II.
Browne, Bufiinton, Campbell, Chambeihn, Colfax, Fred-
enck A. Couklirnr, Robcoe Conklmg, Covode, Davis,
Dawes, Duell, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fo^senden, Frank,
Goorh, Gondwm, Gi.ingei, Gurley, llaight, Julian, Fianci*
W. Kellogg. Knapp, Looinis, Lovejoy, Low, AlcKnight,
Mitchell, Mooihead, Nixon, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pomerov, Potlei, John U  Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sedg-
wick, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Shcunan, Stratton, Trow-
bndge, Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgh, Veiiee, Walton, and
Windom—'>7.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking but " the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and insertingl( three officers of the Navy
to be appointed by the Piesident of the United
States."
I think they would be much more capable of
deciding the question properly than the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
require a joint resolution to detail officers under
the control of the executive department.
Mr. CALVERT. Then I will make it a joint
resolution and move it as a substitute for the res-
olution under consideration.
The SPEAKER. That would not be in order.
Mr. CALVERT. I move, then, to strike out
"the Committee on Naval Affairs," and insert
instead thereof, " a special committee of five." I
have no idea of instructing a committee to inquire
who have already made up their minds on the sub-
ject.
Mr. CRISFIELD called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were appointed; and Messrs. Calvf.rt
and Sedgwick were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 39.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. ITUTCHINS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mks. s. t. e. williamson.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back House bill No. 347,
