2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
money. If this amendment ia adopted, it renders
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, that we
have just adopted, of no use whatever.
Mr. IIARLAN. I have no objection to modify
this amendment so as to cover the point that the
Senator from Maine suggests; but I wish to say
to him and to the Senate that if thebill should be
passed as it nowstands there will be no provision
whatever for these destitute Indians. I cannot
believe that it is the intention of the Senate, or of
Congress to passan Indian appropriation bill with-
out making some provision for the loyal Indians
who have been driven from their homes. There
are between seven and eight thousand of these
Indians who are entirely destitute, who are pen-
sioners on our bounty. They have been driven
away from their homes by the rebel members of
their tribes. I do not believe this nation will per-
mit us to allow them to lie there perishing for
want of something to eat, for the want of the as-
sistance contemplated by this amendment. The
question with me was, whether we should take
their own money and their own funds to do this,
or should make a draft on the Treasury of the
United States. These Indians are rich in bonds
and annuities which are coming to them under the
treaty stipulations which have been made with
them by the United States. I took the position in
the committee, and I think it the correct one, that,
as they are loyal Indians, the proper policy for this
Government to pursue is to draw on their own
funds, and support them in their destitution out of
their own means. If that is not done, we shall
have to draw on the Treasury of the United States.
If it is not done in this bill, it will have to be done
in some other bill. I know the moral sense of this
nation would be shocked if Congress should'ad-
journ without providing some means for the relief
of these Indians, many of whom have already
starved and perished.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think this is evidently
so confused a matter that it is very difficult to ad-
just it properly and reconcile the conflicting views
of gentlemen who are all aiming at the same thing
ill this hour of the day and at this stage; andif it
can be understood that this is the only thing to
be adjusted, I should be willing for the bill to go
over until to-morrow, so that we may adopt a
measure that will be satisfactory to both Senators
willi regard to this matter, and have it properly
guarded.
Mr. SHERMAN. We understand each other
perfectly, but have different views on the sub-
ject.
Mr. PESSENDEN. You may agree upon it
and the matter may be reduced to a certainty by
to-morrow. I wish it to be understood, however,
that if I consent to have the bill go over till to-
morrow, for the sake of affording* my friend from
Ohio the opportunity of having an executive ses-
sion, which he is very desirous of having, that
this is the only matter that remains to be ad-
justed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is the only one that I
am aware of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will not interpose
any objection to an executive session.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BROWNING. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to give way for a moment until I ofl'ei* a
resolution which he understands, and then I will
renew the molion.
Mr. WADE. I give way for that purpose.
EXLARGK5IENT OF CANALS.
Mr. BROWNING. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War tie requested to re-
port to the Senate witii as inueh dispatch as pontile tlie
time which would be needed and the expenditure required
to enlarge the locks of tile eauaJs of the States of Xe'.v York
and Illinois to adapt them to the parage of iron-ciitd steam-
ers.
I do not ask the present consideration of the
resolution.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. It will he over.
EXECUTIVE SKSSION.
Mr. BROWNING. I now renew the motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned!
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 14, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of committees for re-
ports. The gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr.
Train, was on the floor at the close of the last
call of committees.
USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to give way a moment to enable me to
report a bill from the Committee on Patents. I
was absent when that committee was last called.
Mr. TRAIN. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. I ask unanimous consent to re-
port back from the Committee on Patents a bill
(H. R. No. 365) to amend an act entitled "An act
to promote the progress of the useful arts."
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 object. I do it without dis-
respect, but I am anxious to reach the confisca-
tion bill. I call, therefore, for the regular order
of business.
! The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of
committees for reports.
INDEX TO CENSUS.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to report back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 62) requiring the Super-
intendent of the Census to keep records of the
names of adult males, heads of families and free-
holders.
The resolution, which was read, provides that
the Superintendent of the Census be required to
record or have recorded, in books to be prepared
for that purpose, the names of adult males, or
heads of families, of the free population of the
United States and Territories, designating such
as are freeholders, in alphabetical order, and in
such manner as to admit of easy reference to their
place in the original census returns.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I will.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If I understand this bill,
a book is to be made out by the Census Bureau,
in which is to be recorded the names of every
man, woman 
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Adult males, or
heads of families.
Mr.WICKLIFFE. Women maybe heads of
families; a great many of them will be before the
war is over, I am afraid. The expense of making
this book, and the expense of printing it 
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. It is not to be
printed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why make out such an
expensive book, if it is not to go before the coun-
try ? What interest has Mr. Kennedy with know-
ing my name, and whether I am a freeholder or
not; or my neighbor's name, and whether he is
a freeholder? If a man wants to know whether
I or my neighbor is a freeholder, he can go to the
census now and ascertain that fact. Why go to
the expense of putting the names in alphabetical
order? i suppose the object is to give employ-
ment permanently to a large number of clerks
whom the Supeiintendent has now in his employ-
ment. I cannot account for it in any other way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow the report of the committee to be
read ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I heard only the resolu-
tion read, and I was called upon to vote, and I
wanted to see if I understood the matter.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. If the gentleman will give
jj way, the chairman of the committee will furnish
'• a copy of the report that it may be read.
jt Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The gentleman
!i from Kentucky entirely misapprehends the pur-
\[ pose of the resolution. If he will give way for
jj that purpose, I will call for the reading of the re-
\'\ port of the committee, which explains the whole
I matter,
'| Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield for that purpose,
jt The Clerk read the report, as follows:
j The Committee on Printing, to whom was referred joint
!i re?olution No. G2, have considered the same, and report:
'I That the purpose of the jesolufton is to furnish an index
to the census returns, and particularly of schedule No. 1.
Tins index is not to be printed, as it will contain no fact
from the statistics necessary for the people to know, and,
indeed, none except a designation of freeholders; and it is
to be used only in the Census Bureau for the convenience
of those who wish to get access to tacts contained in the
returns.
Areference to the law regulating the taking of the census
will show the feasibility, the necessity, and the importance
of the pioposed index.
The Jaw provides that the statistics shall be taken by fam-
ilies. It is plain, therefore, that an alphabetical list of
adult males, or heads of families," with refeierice to vol-
ume and page, will serve as a guide to all the details con-
tained in the census, of every family in the land. The
number of names will be about tour and a half millions, and
serve as guides to twenty-six millions. It, m the alphabet-
ical list, persons of the same names shall be classified by
States and Territories, as the committee think they should
be and easily can be,tms index to nearly two hundred pon-
derous volumes will be as readily available for any fact
within it4? scope, as is the index of any one volume of the
Statutes at Large, or perhaps of a volume of the Reports of
Decisions by the Supreme Court, or a list of its cases, which
it would most nearly resemble. The committee think the
plan is unquestionably feasible.
The law also provides that the families shall be "num-
bered in the order of visitation and, of course, the returns
are recoided in the same order. The particularnumbcr of
any family will be rarely known, if ever, by those who wish
to find it in the returns; and even if known, that fact will
be of no service unless the census district of that family is
also known, since every district will repeat the same num-
bers of another to its own limit. It is not those who know
the number of a family, or of its district or town, city or
county, who will often resort to the census returns, because
such ordinarily can procure all desired information more
easily in other modes. The mere number of a family, in
numerical ordei, in a given district, is therefore an insuffi-
cient guide; and the same is true as to the subdivisions by
towns, cities, and counties, and the divisions by States.
Unless all these lacts are known, the task of finding any
one name will always be extremely difficult; and if the
searcher is refened to twenty-six millions of names, with-
out a single clue to the right one, his task may well be said
to be impossible. The published returns of the census em-
brace only results, the aggregates by towns, cities, counties,
and States, and the national sums total. Ail the volumes
of details, from which these results are deiived, are now
practically sealed books, even to the guardians who have
thein in charge. The proposed index is the only key that
can open the seals. It the infonmuion locked up in the
records of the census is useful or desirable, this key to it is
indispensable ; it is nccessaiy.
We piocecd, then, to the importance of this proposi-
tion. The law requues that schedule No. 1 shall contain
a statement of all the dwelling-houses of free persons in the
nation, and of the name, age, sex. color, and birthplace of
every person, specifying the profession, occupation, or
tiade ot eveiy male over "fifteen years of age—the value of
real estate owned—themairied within the 3 ear—the attend-
ants at school—tho^e over twenty yeaisofngo who cannot
read and write,and the deaf and dumb, blind, insane, idiotic,
pauper, and convict. In short, the name, buthplaee,pres-
ent residence, and condition of every free inhabitant is
given. Often these facts will be of considerable value, and
sometimes of inestimable interest and importance. They
will not be without luture use to the hi-torian and biogia-
pher; they will be of present and valuable u«e to the cted-
itor in search of hn debtor, to the litigant in search of
witnesses, to the officer of justice in search of criminals,
and to the Government in verliying claims or detecting
fiauds ; but offnest, perhaps, they will be used to bring
within knowledge, and sometimes within the reach of
needed aid, the members of scattered families who have
been utterly lost to each other, or at least whose condition
has been unknown. Notwithstanding the great difficulty
of search without a guide, a search has been rewaided,
occasionally, with valuable results. The Government has
detected frauds which had been attempted; peihaps by
finding that persons claimed as minors were ot adult age,
or that otlieis claiming as widows were married, or that
claims were asserted in the name and behalf of the dead.
A daughter sought for a lost fathei, and filial affection was
at last rewarded, thiough a laborious search, in finding that
father in Pennsylvania, made a pauper and a maniac by
loss of pioperty. He was rescued fioin a poor-house, and
ultimately restored to reason. The value of such a result
is inestimable.
In another instance, the leprescntative of a foreign Gov-
ernment to this country adveitised extensively and in vain
to find the owner of a considerable fortune, and at last,
through the census, the foitunate'man was found in Mis-
souii. These instances show the possible value of the vast
store of facts contained in the reeoids of the census ; and
we think it cannot be doubted that an index, which will
affoid ready access to these facts, and open them for prac-
tical use in every possible mode 111 which they may be mado
valuable, is of sufficient importance to command the favor
of Congress.
The estimated cost of preparing the index will be found
in a letter from the Supeiintendent oftlio Census, uppended
to this report. lie estimates the cost of books at $400, and
of filling thein, if done by clerks appointed specially ior the
purpose, at from seven to nine thousand dolhus; but if done
by the clerical force retained in charge of the eon .us after
its completion, he thmksthe work maybe done for half the
latter sum. We are of opinion that the work should lie done
at the earliest time practicable, since the sooner it k- done
the more valuable it will be. The census of I860 will cost
at least §2,000,DUG in gathering and pieservmg its details,
and the highest sum estimated for the pioposed index, we
think is a small sum to pay foi the only key that will unlock
its wealtii of knowledge, and give u freely* for all useful
and piopei purposes, to whomsoever in the country and
the world may be benefited by it.
The committee unanimously recommend the adoption of
the resolution.
