THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1861.
New Series.,...No. 10.
here, there is a like necessity that we should econ-
omize our time, and I trust a disposition will be
made of this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
honorable Senator from Virginia that I have been
here long enough to know the reasons of my own
action, and therefore I shall insist upon my mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
seems to evince a good deal of feeling in regard
to this matter. It seems to me it is a question
that could be safely left to the judgment of the
majority of the Senate. I have voted, and shall
continue to vote, for this adjournment, because
from my experience as a member of the other
House T have never known any good to result
from an attempt to hold sessions during the Christ-
mas holidays. The proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia is to adjourn from Monday next
until Thursday week, which is over the holidays,
and I think there is one example at least of that
kind of adjournment. Two years ago, if I am
not very much mistaken, a joint resolution was
passed adjourning over for ten days. I am sure
there was one example of that kind, though I do
not remember theexaef rime. Now if there is any
pressing business; if Senators can say there is
anything that requires our attendance here, I shall
remain here faithfully. If they say there is not,
or they cannot say there is any business, I think
we might as well spend the holidays where we
choose, either at home or here. If the Senator
fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] will say that
there is anything that will require our attention,
as a matter of course we shall remain. At any
rate the question is one that ought to be decided
by the majority of the Sonnte without further de-
bate, and it seems to me without further delay.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio has
made an appeal to me, and 1 answer it. Person-
ally, I should be glad to have an adjournment
over. I would like a relief or a respite from the
duties here; but, with my knowledge of the public
business, 1 do not think that the Senate ought to
take it. I do not undertake to speak for the other
House; but we all know that there is business in
our executive session which may require the at-
tendance of the Senate when the House of Repre-
sentatives may be away. I do not undertake to
say that it will be so, but it is among the possi-
bilities that it may.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the resolution until to-
morrow.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 16, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DIXON. Is it in order to move now that
when the Senate adjourn to-day it be to meet on
Monday next?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. An ad-
journment is called for, and the question is on that
motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 20, noes 14; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 19, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterda y was i ead and approved.
APPOINTMENT OX'1 A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BAKER asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker bo auth'w i/-«l to appoint the
committee on the pait ot'the IIou*<; umU'i the joint isola-
tion of the Senate and Hou^eot Kepiesontative-ito investi-
gate Hit* conduct of the pie&ent war.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any necessity for the
adoption of such a resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks theie is
not. The rule provides for the appointment of
committees.
10
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHERMAN asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution*.
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be,
and are heieby, authouzed to employ a cleik at the usual
iatc of compensation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has there been
heretofore a clerk employed by that committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand so.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Was there at the
last Congress ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is so informed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make no objec-
tion where the usage has been to employ clerks.
Othei wise I do.
There being no objection, the resolution was
offered and agreed to.
TKANSrOItTATlON OF WAR MUNITIONS.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaty of War he requested to
furnish to thi-= lion.e the cost of transportation of Army ord-
nance and munition* of war to that poition of thccountiy
wfft ot the AliegUame* Mnee the lit of Mav last; that lie
be requested to ^ivc,a-« lai as piacucablc, a detailed state-
ment showing the place* fiom which ordnancc, arms and
munition* have been tianspoited, and the cost, by rail and
by watei, ot *ueh tianspoitation.
MILEAGE Of MEMBERS.
Mr. NOELL asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, Tlint the Speaker of tile House of Rcprcscnta-
ti v<"> I"'. .ui(3 is heieby, dneeted to certify the mileage of
memlici . and delegates (ra the present session of Congress
lbi payment aceouling to law.
Mr. ALLEN called for the regular order of
business.
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER announced as the business in
order the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 135)
to amend the act of July 20, 1861, granting a
bounty of $100 to certain soldiers who have en-
listed In the armies of (he United States; the ques-
tion being on the motion to recommit with the
following instructions:
Til include m iN piuvisions the soldieis who weie en-
listed nndei the 111 st eal! of the president of the United
States, and were honoutbiy di'-elnngcd by reason of wounds
oi dwiinlity.
On winch the main question was ordered.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is the question divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Jlr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers wi re ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Allen were appointed.
Mr HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. McKNlCrllT. I ask the permission of
the House to ask a question.
There was no objection.
Mi. McKNIGH'T. I desire to ask the gentle-
man who is moving in this matter, whether a sol-
dier who has been in the three months' service,
and has been disabled by wounds or otherwise,
is not now entitled to a pension ?
Mi. l-IOLMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to answer the question.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 answer the question in the
affirmative. A soldier who has served under the
three months' call and who has been wounded,
is entitled, as 1 understand, by the construction
placed on the old laws, to a pension. So is he
under the act which it is proposed here to amend.
The only effect of the proposed amendment is to
place the soldiers first enlisted on the same footing
as others.
Mr. JVIcKNlGHT. As to bounty ?
Mr. LIOLMAN. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I desire to ask
a question of the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only pro-
I ceed by unanimous consent.
| No objection was made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman how much money it will take out
of the Treasury to pay the bounty which he pro-
poses in his amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. If I am permitted to answer
I will say that I have no information as to how
many soldiers have been disabled in service since
the 12th of April last, or who have been honor-
ably discharged in consequence of wounds re-
ceived or sickness incurred in the service, and can-
not, therefore, answer how much will be taken
from the Treasury if the bill and amendment pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
that I am informed that about eighty-three or
eighty-four thousand men were drawn out under
the proclamation of the President calling for three
months'enlistments. It will therefore take from
eight to nine million dollars to comply with the
requirements of the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will permit
me to say that my friend from Vermont is labor-
ing under a very groat mistake as to the nature of
my amendment. The bill itself only proposes to
give bounty to those who are disabled in service,
and who are, under the construction given to the
existing law, entitled to a pension. It applies
really to the class of persons contemplated by the
act of the last session, giving $100 bounty to those
who have been in service for as long as two years,
for the men so disabled were enlisted for two years
or more. The effect of the amendment is simply
to confer the same bounty upon those who were
enlisted for three months who were wounded or
disabled in service under precisely similar circum-
stances. In other words, I think a soldier in the
three months' service, who is honorably dis-
charged in consequence of wounds or disability
incurred, is entitled to the same rights, and should
receive the same bounty, as the soldier enlisted for
the war who is discharged for wounds or disabil-
ities similarly incurred in service. I propose to
place these two classes of persons on precisely the
same footing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
of the gentleman from Indiana, if the House will
indulge me, whether his proposition includes the
giving of $100 bounty to the three months' volun-
teers, or whether it extends only to giving the
bounty to those who have been disabled in tile
service ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust I will be allowed to
answer that question, as I can do in very few
words. As I have already stated, the bill which
is now pending gives a bounty of $100 to such of
the soldiers who enlisted for two years or more,
as before the expiration of two years have been
disabled in battle, or discharged from service in
consequence of sickness incurred while in the ser-
vice. The bill passed at the last session of Con-
gress applied only to those who shall have been
in service for the full term of two years; it does
not include those who have been disabled in ser-
vice, and discharged before the expiiation of the
full term of two years. The bill now under con-
sideration confers the same right to bounty upon
those enlisted for two years or more who shall
have become disabled in service and discharged
before the term of two years. My amendment
provides that those who shall have enlisted for
three months, but have become sick or disabled
in the service, and are honorably discharged in
consequence thereof, shall also receive the same
bounty—that the two classes shall be placed upon
the same footing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We liave already
postponed until the first Monday in January a
bill providing bounty to all who have been hon-
orably discharged from scrvice. This bill seems
to provide for the same thing, and, I think, should
take the same course.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is an entirely different
measure.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire also to ask the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana one question, if the House
will permit inc. I ask him whether the law of
the last session gives $100 bounty to any except
those who serve two years; or does it apply also
