2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14.
sorting to this little business which should be done
by individuals. Therefore, as this is an innova-
tion, as it involves a large expense, and as it is, I
think, a stretch of the proper functions of the cen-
sus, I am opposed to the resolution.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. We pay two
millions to obtain these facts. This provides sim-
ply a key to the statistics. I move the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading of
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time*, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Ashley, Babbitt, Joseph Bally,
Baker, Baxter. Beaman, Diddle, Bingham, Francis P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Diakc, Buffinton, Campbell, Cbambeilm,
Clark, Colfax, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn,
Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton, Fe.-senden, Fianchot, Frank,
Good), Granger, Grider, Gin ley, Hale, Hanchett, Harrison,
Hickman, Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Lehman, Loo-
mis, Lovejoy, MeKnigfot, McPherson, Mallorv, Maynard,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Noell, Olin, Perry,
Porter, Potter, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Smith, Stevens, Stiattou,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowhmlge, Verree,
Wall, Wallace, Charles W.Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward.
Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Jacob B. Blair, George II.
Browne, William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey, Clements,
Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Itoscoe Conkling, Cox,
Crittenden, Haight, Hall, Harding, Uolman, llutchins,
Johnson, Kerrigan, Knapp, Lcury, May, Morns, Nugen,
Odell, John S. Phelps, Pike, Robinson, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Fiancis Thomas, Vibbard, Vooihees,
Webster, and WickliilV—35.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CHAMBERLIN stated that Mr. Van
Horn was detained at his room by illness.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, moved to amend
the title so as to make it read, "joint resolution
requiring an index of the names of the adnlt males
and heads of families embraced in the census."
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WALTON, ofVe rmont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. ELIOT, from the committee on the confis-
cation of rebel property, reported a bill to confis-
cate the property of rebels for the payment of the
expenses of the present rebellion, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELIOT. The committee have also directed
me to report in the same connection a bill to free
from servitude the slaves of the rebels engaged in
or abetting the existing rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. COX. I suppose, of course, it is not pro-
posed to consider these bills until they have been
printed.
Mr. ELIOT. I am not disposed to press this
bill for consideration at this moment, provided the
House shall be willing to make them a special or-
der at an early day. I suppose it is desirable to
have them printed, and that members may have an
opportunity to examine them; but at the same time
the postponement ought not to be extended beyond
a reasonable time, [propose, therefore, if it be
satisfactory to the House, that the bills which
have been reported may be made the special order
for Monday next after the morning hour, arid
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I desiie to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts to change his
motion so as to make it for Tuesday instead of
Monday.
Mr. ELIOT. If that will be satisfactory to the
House, I will so modify my proposition.
Air. COX. I do not propose to object to any
arrangement which maybe made; but I would
like the gentleman from Massachusetts to say
whether he will allow full discussion upon the bills.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not know exactly what the
gentleman from Ohio means by full discussion.
Certainly it is not the intention of the committee
to press the bills improperly to a vote, nor is it
the wish that the debate upon them shall be pro-
tracted unreasonably. E think such discussion as
will be satisfactory ought to be had.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
Several Members. Then put the bill on its
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the first bill may be
read.
The bill was read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will yield the floor for
a moment. I desire to appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his objection and allow
this bill to be made a special order for Tuesday
next, commencing with the expiration of the morn-
ing hour. We desire some time for discussion
upon this bill. I have, as it is known, been ab-
sent for some time from the sessions of the House,
and I have not had an opportunity of examining
these bills upon the subject of confiscation; butl
desire to express my opinions upon the subject,
and there are many members on this side of the
House who desire to be heard. I therefore sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
bill be postponed until Tuesday next, at the expi-
ration of the morning hour, and be made a special
order, and that the residue of the week be devoted
to the discussion of the bill if so long a time shall
be desired. It being made a special order, the
debate will of course be pertinent to the subject
under consideration, and I think there will be no
unprofitable discussion.
This bill involves questions of constitutionality,
as well as questions of expediency, and I hope
we shall agree to enter upon the discussion in a
spirit of moderation, and that we shall discuss
the bill as becomes statesmen, not as partisans;
such is the spirit in which, so far as I am con-
cerned, I shall enter upon this discussion.
I trust, therefore, this proposition will receive
the consent of the gentleman from Massachusetts
and the acquiescence of the House. I will ask
the gentleman from Illinois to withdraw his ob-
jection to it. I take it for granted that the mem-
bers of the committee will desire to discuss the
bill, and I presume as many of the other members
will desire to be heard as will occupy the remain-
der of the week.
Mr. ELIOT. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Missouri that two bills have been reported
from the committee, although only one has been
read a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
gentleman could only report one bill at a time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I was not aware
that the committee had reported but one bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, Mr. Speaker, there are
certainly some things in the proposition of the
gentleman from Missouri which aie very reason-
able, and I think they should have a proper con-
sideration. 1 am willing; to consent to it, so far
as I am concerned, m this form: that the second
bill shall now be received, and read a first and
second time; that the two bills shall then be made
a special order for Tuesday next, after the morning
hour, and from day to day, until the two bills have
been disposed of; that they shall be considered
during the week, if it shall be deemed desirable at
the time to continue the discussion for that time;
and that separate votes shall be taken on the bills
on the Monday following, when the subjects shall
be brought to a final conclusion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. One word, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts will listen to me.
Under the rules of the House, and of course this
discussion is to take place in the House, all re-
marks must be confined to the subject immedi-
ately under consideration. Now, if there are two
bills on the subject of confiscation, 1 might not
desire to address the House twice, but I might
desire to refer to both bills in the same speech. I
would suggest, therefore, that both bills be con-
sidered as under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then put the
question in this form: the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to report two bills, to be
postponed until Tuesday next after the morn-
ing hour, and made a special order—both bills to
be considered before the House for the purposes
of discussion, but they shall stand on the Calen-
dar separately, to be acted upon separately.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to have
a little further understanding in relation to this
matter. I have no objection to the arrangement
made, only in this: I want to know whether it is
expected, or is the understanding, that the final
vote shall be taken upon the bills at the time
named, or merely that the debate shall cease at
that time, and the voting commence upon such
propositions as may be pending.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understood that
to be the proposition as stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is what I
supposed was the intention; but it was not quite
expressed by his language.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition. Thegentleman from Massachu-
setts proposes that the two bills shall be printed,
and postponed until Tuesday next after the morn-
ing hour, and made a special order; that on the
Monday following the voting on the propositions
shall commence; that all debate shall be consid-
ered as closed, as if the main question had been
ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. In that shape I withdraw
my objection to the proposition.
There being no objection, the proposition was
agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to know whether this
will take precedence of the special order for next
week.
The SPEAKER. To whatdoes the gentleman
refer ?
Mr. DELANO. To the fortification bill.
The SPEAKER. That bill was not made a
special order. It was merely postponed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have certain propositions
that have occurred to me as of some importance
that I may wish to submit at the proper time as
amendments, either in addition to or as a substi-
tute for that which has been presented by the
committee. I ask the consent of the House to
have them printed.
There being no objection, the order to print was
made.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the consent of the
House to submit an amendment and have it
printed, so that it may be considered with the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The bills have
already been postponed. I have no objection to
the proposition of thegentleman from New York
being printed, but I think it should be offered
when the bills come up.
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be re-
ceived at this time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask, then, that it may
be printed, so that it maybe considered when the
bills come up as a special order.
The motion to print was, by unanimous con-
sent, agreed to.
REDUCTION OF EXPENSES.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to repoitto this House, as soon as practicable, what reforms,
if any, may be made m the expendituies of tlievanous de-
partments and brandies of the public seivice under the
supervision and control of the Interior Department, as to
whether there is any unnecessary clerical or other force em-
ployed in any branch of the public seivice under the con-
trol or supervision of said Depaitment, and what legislation,
if any, is required to carry out such icforms.
Mr.WICKLTFFE. I offer the following amend-
ment to the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be diieeted to in-
fo tm tins House if he has issued an Older for the transmis-
sion of ai ins and clothing, &e., for the puipo&e of enrolling
slaves, otherwise called <• loyal blacks,"in the Army of the
United States. Is it the purpose of the Department to
receive into the military service of the United States the
slavus which may escape from their owners, or those that
may be captured by the Army ? How many slaves aie now
fed by the Government, where situated, how kept, and the
expenses of the same, and by what law' the money of the
Government is thus applied ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of that resolution.
Mr. BLAKE. I make the point of order on
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
that it is not germane to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, which relates to a different
subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
