3090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
I should take the House bill; but I want neither.
When the six Senators from Ohio, Indiana, and
Michigan agree to be tog-ether, do not wish to be
separated, why separate their people who have
always been together? The judge of that circuit
is willing to take a population of four million and
a half, or bis representatives here are. Why not
allow us, then, to be together m one circuit? We
have a judge there that we are satisfied with. I
presented the other day the petition of members
of the bar from every county in my State, desir-
ing Judge Swayne to be their judge. As an indi-
vidual Senator, I am wilting that you should fix
your circuits in any way, if you will just lot Michi-
gan, Ohio,and Indiana bo together. That is what
we desire. These are the sentiments of my people.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the first amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS. I am against that amendment.
Kentucky is very friendly and very sociable; bhe
is witling logo with Virginia; she jh willing to go
with Tennessee; she is willing to go with Indiana,
Illinois, or Ohio; and she is willing to agree to
any of the projets of circuits except that offered
by the House bill. That would throw Louisiana,
Texas, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Ivcntucky to-
gether. I wish 1 had a map of that circuit that 1
might hold it up to the Senate for their inspection.
It gives a territory a hule larger than the Russian
empire if possible, without the least regard for
the convenience and feelings of our judge. Wc
do not expect in any reasonable time to have one
from Kentucky, and we are willing to receive any
of the judges that are around us; but we do not
want the judge of our district to be required" to go
to the source of the St. Francis and the Arkansas
rivers and the Rio Grande and to come up to the
mouth of the Big Sandy, and up that river to the
top of the Cumberland mountains. 1 think it is
asking too much of us to consent to take that dis-
trict.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire that the amendment
may be ago in reported.
^ The Secretary again read it. In section one,
lino seven, after the word Arkansas," to insert
i* Kentucky;7' so that it will read:
Tho districts of Louisiana, Texas Arkansas, Kentucky,
and Tcum^scr shall constitute this aixth oiu-nit
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the House was in sec-
tion one, lines nine to thiiteen, to stnko out the
following words:
The dHriet* of Olmumd Kentucky aim!) constitute the
seventh circuit; the <lntnets ol Indiana, Michigan, Wis-
consin, :uni Muihc^ota ^hall con-Unite the eisjhth en cult;
the liutneN of riluims, Mirtr«oiiii, Kansas, and Iowa *hall
coast/tute flic ninth circuit.
And to in.sert in lieu theieof:
The (liquids of Ohio awl Michigan shall constitute the
seventh eireuu ; thedistricts* of Indiana, Illinois,ami Wis-
consin shall constitute the eighth circuit; the dismct* of
Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Ksuj&a* •.-hail constitute the
ninth circuit.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend that amend-
ment of the House of Representatives by striking
out all after the word " tne" in the first line,and
inserting the following:
District" of Otiio, Michigan, and Indiana shall constitute
the seventh circuit; the di-tin-wof lv«'iuuckv, Illinois, ami
Wisconsin shall coiHiimte the eighth enaut; the rihtucti
of Missouri, Iowa, lCuns-as, ami Minnesota ^hall constants
the ninth circuit.
Mr._COLLA.MER. I understand that is merely
changing Indiana from one circuit to another,
Mr, WRIGHT. Yea, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not alter anything
else.
Mr. GRIMES. It changes Kentucky, but is
satisfactoi y to Kentucky.
Mr. WRIGHT. It changes Kentucky, but
there is no objection to it, I understand,from my
friend from Kentucky.
Mr, DAVIS. I will answer in a word, if the
Senator pleases. Wo arc very well satisfied with
that circu it. We do not want to obtrude ourselves
upon any company, and the State that is most
willing to take us, and is contiguous to us, we
prefer to co to.
Mr. WRfGITT. There is no State south or
north of us that we would sooner have with us
than Kentucky. I need not tell the Senate of the ;
difficulty about Judge Catron holding courts. I
hope affairs are in such a condition now in Ten-
nessee that Judge Catron has a place at home to
hold court. By my proposition,Kentucky, Illi-
nois, and Wisconsin, three adjoining States, are
put in one circuit. To be sure the circuit is not
as compact as we would desire to make it, but I
wish the Senate to bear in mind this fact: Indiana
lias been a State over forty years, and during all
that time we have been connected with Ohio. Our
bar and our people want to remain so. So far as
I amconcerncd,I am willing that gentlemen should
make the other circuits as they please, if they will
only consent to allow Ohio, Indiana, and Michi-
gan to remain together as one circuit. Although
our population is over the average number, yet
the judge and people are willing to be thus situated,
the people desire it; and I understand the repre-
sentatives from those States are anxious to have
it. I am aware that some objections are made to
this, looking at the population, looking at the num-
ber of square miles and the increase of the popu-
lation. I need not tell the Senate that the northern
part of my own State is very different from the
southern, and still more so the people of my State
from the people of W isconsm and Minnesota. My
friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] well knows
his people never go south. They take a bee line
west and very seldom come as far south as the
southern part of Indiana. They go west, but
never go south of that district.
Tho people of the three States mentioned in the
amendment I propose, are one in legislation and
in judicial proceedings; niuj there is another ad-
vantage that would be attained by it that ought
not (o be overlooked. You have in that cucuit
Chicago, Cleveland, Cincinnati, Indianapolis; and
if my amendmantshould beadopted,you will have
a judge within three or four hours' distance of
every one of those great cities. Questions fre-
quently arise there growing out of this war; and
how important it is to have a gentleman of the
character of Judge Swayne, who can be called for
at any time to grant an injunction or anything of
that sort. The Senate certainly would not throw
us in a circuit twelve hundred miles long, with
people with whom we have never been associated
m our judicial system. 1 am aware that our pop-
ulation in this proposed cucuit is very large; but
at the Name time i think 1 have shown that it
would be far hotter to have these three States to-
gether than otherwise. To be sure, one of these
circuits n t present has only about half our popu-
lation; but in a short time Nebraska will be knock-
ing at our door, and Colorado nlso, I cannot see
how my friend from Iowa can be much opposed
to this thing. 1 ie will have a cucuit composed of
the States west of tho Mississippi.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not said a word against
it. I intend to vote for it when you give me an
oppo rtunity.
Mr. WRIGHT. I shall be very glad to do so.
I trust the Senate will adopt this amendment to
the amendment of the House. I shall say no
more about it, unless I hear some objection to it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. That it maybe understood,
I will state that the Senate bill has two of these
States together. By the Senate bill, Indiana and
Michigan are together, exactly as the Senator
wants them. The only trouble is, he wants Ohio
instead of Wisconsin and Minnesota. He thinks
that is a very bad circuit. Why, sir, it would be
one of the most delightful circuits in the Union.
As to the idea that yon cannot from one State
into another, Michigan lies along the whole width j
of Indiana, right on it. You can go from Indian- '
apolis to Michigan, and from Michigan across to I
Wisconsin and Minnesota, just as easily as you j
can go from Columbus, m the State of Ohio, to !
Indianapolis. Theie is no trouble about that. But
as I said, 1 have no feeling about it; and if the
Senate think it best to put four and a half million
people into one district, and two millions into an-
other, when the principle of the bill is to equalize
the circuits, I shall acquiesce, of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana to the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will not take up any
time ot the Senate; but I rise simply for the pur-
pose of expressing tho desire that theamendment
oflered by the Senator from Indiana may be
adopted; and especially if this amendment is at ,!
all satisfactory to the Senators from Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Kentucky. If I understand theamend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, it is simply
this: in the House amendment, the seventh cir-
cuit proposed is Ohio, Kentucky, and Michigan,
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; Ohio and Michigan
are together by the House bill. Kentucky is sent
the other way by the House amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. The House amendment
is Ohio, Kentucky, and Michigan, is it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; Kentucky is not
in that circuit.
Mr. HENDERSON. Ohio and Kentucky
alone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; Ohio and Michi-
gan alone.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 understand the propo-
sition made by the Senator from Indiana is to take
Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan, and make them the
seventh circuit.
Mr. LA.NE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. The proposition, how-
ever, is to take Kentucky, Illinois, and Wiscon-
sin and make that the eighth circuit, leaving Iowa,
Minnesota, Missouri, and Kansas, the four States
west of the Mississippi river, to constitute the
ninth ciicuit. I sincerely hope that that propo-
sition may be adopted, especially if it be at all
acceptable to the Senators representing the States
to be affected by it. It most assuredly will suit
our section of country, I think, especially the
States of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kan-
sas; and if it suits Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan,
as I understand tho Senator from Indiana to state,
1 sincerely hope it may be adopted.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. I desire to snythat J
think it will meet the wishes of my constituents
to have a circuit made west of the Mississippi,
with Iowa, Missouri, and Minnesota.
Mr, GRIMES. I concur m that opinion so far
as the sentiments of the State of Iowa are con-
cerned. It will suit us admirably and is what we
desire.
Mr. POWELL. I prefer the Senate bill to any
bill that has been presented. I think geograph-
ically, and taking into consideiation the amount
of population and everything of that soit, it is
decidedly the best bill. Consequently, I shall
vote to maintain the Senate bill as far as I can.
Tho PRESlDENT;uv> tempore. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
to the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. WRIGHT. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nnys were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, T ro\*'nuiii. Cailih', Chandler,
Cliuk, Col lamer, D.ivi^, Duon, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Ilailan,
llendeison, Uovvdul, [Iowe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Moirill, Nesmuh, i'omeroy, Shcimau,
ritaik, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, WiKonoi Mas-
sachfNt'tts, nrnl —29.
NAYS—Me^rs. Cowan, Foster, Harris, Powell. Sauls-
buiv, Ten Eyck, and Tiumbull—7.
So the amendment to the amendment of the
House was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment of the House asamended
on motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Theamendment, asamended, was concurred in.
The next amendment of the House was, after
the following clause in the first section of the bill:
And the circuit courts in the di'tiicts heretofore included
within any ciicuit of the United Statos wlucli by tins act
are attached to a different ciicuit shall he held at the same
times and places a*, are now pre^ei jhed bv law, and the cir-
cuit couits m district-, which by this net arc for tho fm-ttime
attached to eucuits s-hali be held at the same tunes and
places as? are now prescribed by lawioi holding the district
courts m said di>fricts,
To insert the following:
Except in the distwct oflowa, in which the ciicuit court
pfiali be holdcn -it the capital of the State on the second
Tuesday in May and November of each year, at which time?
and places teim^ of the distnet court shall be boJdeu ; Pro~
ruled, This aet shall not mteilerc with the terms of said dis-
tnct court now ptovided by law for said district.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the House was in sec-
tion two, line four, after the word " Kansas," to
insert " Kentucky."
Mr. WRIGHT. It is necessary to disagree to
that amendment to make the bill conform to the
amendment which has been adopted on my motion.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
