2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
every measure having reference to this rebellion
which may be proposed, whether on this or that
side of the Potomac, and as they shall teach, 1
shall praise or censure.
In the spirit of these propositions I approach
the consideration of the question of confiscation.
In that spirit J inquire for the power of Congress
to confiscate the property of the citizen; where is
the grant ? When a power is proposed to be ex-
ercised, the grant, either express or necessarily
implied, mast be shown. If it cannot be, the ex-
ercise is a breach of the instrument. A class of
gentlemen find the power in the necessity to sup-
press the rebellion and punish the rebels. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has an easy
method of finding constitutional power for any-
thing he desires to do. He declares that—
"The Government of the United State* may, by Jaw,
authorize and by forcelio against these traitors whatever,
in consonance with natural justice, may he necessary to
the speedy and complete suppression of this rebellion."
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] following with bolder tread the path
marked out by his friend from Ohio, declares:
"If no other means were left to save the Republic from
destruction, i believe we have the power, under the Con-
stitution, and according to its express provision, to declare
a dictator, without confining the choice to any officer of
the Government."
Necessity is not one of the constitutional grants;
it finds no place in that instrument; nor is it a
rule of construction countenanced by any recog-
nized commentator. What is necessity? Who
shall define it? Who shall determine when it is
to be invoked to alter, or change, or add to the
written word of the Constitution ? Shall the gen-
tleman from Ohio, or his friend from Pennsyl-
vania? What if they differ? Shall the legisla-
tive department? The Constitution lias set iimits
to its power which cannot rightly be exceeded.
Shall the executive department? Its sole duty is
to execute the laws, not to make or break them.
There is and can be no national necessity outside
of the Constitution. It has provided for every
emergency, it ministers to every want, and mas-
ters every danger. What it lias not declared to
be necessary is not necessary in the constitu-
tional sense. We have no power to alter it; and
none exists anywhere for that purpose but in the
power that made it. Necessity is a ready and
convenient source of power; it is always at hand,
and gives us no trouble to look it up. It cover-
eth a tender conscience as with a great garment.
It jumps to its conclusions, and scorns both fact
ana logic. It has no law: hence it is always
pointed to as the warrant for assumed authority.
More blunders have been made, more rights have
been invaded, and more crimes committed in its
name, than of any other word in the language.
I protest against it as a rule of construction or a
grant of power under our system by any depart-
ment, or any person, for any purpose, or in any
emergency.
Nor does this existence of a state of civil war,
as some have supposed, authorize Congress to
pass laws to confiscate the property of the insur-
gents. In such an emergency, says the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens:]
" The Constitution itself giants to the President and Con-
gress a supplemental power, which it was impossible to
define, became it must go on inmeasing and varying, ac-
coiding to the increasing and varying necessities of the
nation."
Mr. Chairman, this is a terrible doctrine; it
prostrates all the limitations of the Constitution,
consolidates all power in the hands of the central
Government, and practically repeals the Consti-
tution itself. Congress, I had supposed, was the
creature of the Constitution, and had only just
such power as the Constitution gave it, and no
more. I supposed its powers were fixed and un-
varying unaer all circumstances. Where is the
clause establishing this sliding scale of congress-
ional authority? The gentleman has not indicated
where it may be found. There is none; there can
be none; it is mere assumption, quite as gratui-
tous, and even more mischievous than its counter-
part on the other side of the river, which is now
taxing the power and wealth of this country to
suppress.
The Constitution has made but one grant of
power to Congress, and that is for all seasons and
all circumstances. It is the same to-day as it was
the day the Government was organized, and has
been every day since, in relation to war, Con-
gress has power to declare war; to raise and sup-
port armies; to provide and maintain a navy; to
make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval forces; to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws, suppress in-
surrections and invasions; and to provide for or-
ganizing, arming, and disciplining the militia, and
for governing such parts of them as may be em-
ployed in the service of the United States. No
other power is given to Congress on the subject
of war, or relating to it. In which of these is found
the power to confiscate the property of the citi-
zen ? Sir, it cannot be shown; it does not exist.
The sole power of Congress is to provide the
means of carrying on the war, to place them in
the hands of the President, and to say when the
war shall begin. When it has done this, it has
exhausted its power. It cannot direct the con-
duct of the war, or control military operations;
that is reserved for the President. The Consti-
tution makes him Commander-in-Chief. Con-
gress cannot deal with the enemy, or exercise any
power in virtue of the laws of war. These belong
to the office of the Commander-in-Chief. Nor
can it modify, enlarge, or alter the laws of war;
they are above or beyond the power of Congress.
The laws of war are a part of the laws of nations,
of those rules which define the rights and enforce
the duties of nations with respect to each other.
They repose upon natural justice and humanity,
and are established by the common consent of the
nations of the earth to regulate their intercourse.
They cannot be changed or repealed at the pleas-
ure of any one nation.
Mr. Chairman, this claim of power for Congress
springs out of the vague and erroneous ideas which
prevail as to the relations of this Government to
that portion of its citizens in revolt against its au-
thority. An explanation of these relations will
show the utter absurdity of this pretension.
The people of eleven States of this Union, num-
bering eight or ten millions, have, with apparent
unanimity, separated themselves, as far as they
are capable of effecting a separation, from the rest
of the nation; they have set up a government for
themselves, organized armies, and are now wag-
ing war against the Government to maintain their
independence, and this Government is waging
war against them to reduce them to obedience.
This is civil war. Vattel thus defines civil war,
and points out the relations of the parties to each
other, and the consequences and duties which suc-
ceed its commencement:
" When a party i3 formed in a State, who no longer obey
the sovereign, and are possessed of sufficient stiength to
oppose him—or when, in a republic, the nation is divided
into two opposite factions, and both sides take up aim*—
this is callcd civil war.
u A civil war breaks the bonds of society and govern-
ment, or at least suspends their force and effect; it pio-
duces in the nation two independent parties, who consider
each other as enemies, and acknowledge no common judge.
These two paities., theielore, must necessarily be consid-
ered as thenceforward constituting, at least lor a time, two
separate bodies, two distinct societies. Though one of the
parties may have been to bianie in bicaking'the unity of
the State and residing lawful authority, they arc not less
divided in fact. Besides, who shall judge them? Who
shall pronounce on which side the light or the wiong I[os ?
On earth they have no common superior. They stand pre-
cisely in the same piedicainentas two nation*, who engage
in a contest, and being unable to come to an agieeinent,
have recourse to arms. This being the ease, it is very evi-
dent that the common laws of war—those maxims ot hu-
manity, moderation, and honor, which we have already
detailed in the course of tins woik—ought to be observed
by both paitiesto a civil war. For the same reasons which
render the observance of these maxim? a matter ot obliga-
tion between State and State, it becomes equally and even
more necessary in the unhappy circumstances of two in-
censed paities lacerating their common country."—Pages
424,425.
They stand, then, to each other as belligerents,
and the rules which attend and control public war
between separate nations are to be applied to the
case as long as the war lasts. What are those
rules? While this condition lasts, each may do
to the other what is permuted by the laws of
war. The same authority tells us that a State
taking up arms against her enemy has a right to
weaken her enemy and deprive him of the means
of resistance, she may seize his property and con-
vert it to his own use, and deprive him of every
thing which may augment his strength and enable
him to make war, (p. 364;) but all damage done un-
necessarily, and every act of hostility which does
not tend to procure victory and bring the war to a
conclusion, is a licentiousness, condemned by the
law of nations, (p. 369.) The property, in mova-
ble effects, is vested in the belligerent seizing them,
from the moment they come into his power; but
they must be actually and truly in his power and car"
r'xed to a place of safety, othenvise there is no con ver-
sion of the title, (p. 385.) And in respect to lands,
there is no conversion at all. Formerly it was
otherwise. In conquests in ancient times even
individuals lost their lands; but at present, war is
less dreadful in its consequences to the subject;
matters are conducted with more humanity; one
sovereign makes war against another sovereign,
and not against unarmed citizens. The conqueror
seizes on the possessions of the State, the public
property, while private individuals are permitted
to retain theirs. They suffer but indirectly by the
war, and the conquest only subjects them to a new
master, (p. 388.)
Applying these rules to the matter in hand, and
waiving the objection which might with great
force be urged, that the Constitution restrains the
power of this Government in prosecuting a war
against its own citizens within narrower limits,
what do they authorize this Government to seize
and confiscate? Not the lands of the insurgents;
they cannot be touched, as we see. And their
movable effects can be confiscated only sub modo.
They must come actually into the power of the
Government; they must be seized and carried to
a place of safety, or there can be no confiscation.
These rules give no power to the Commander-in-
Chief to declare the status of the property of the
insurgents not under his actual control. Seizure,
and dominion over it, actual seizure by him and
the taking it out of the possession of the owner,
and the secure possession of it, are the indispens-
able elements of his title and power to confiscate.
His mere decree of confiscation, when there has
been no seizure, no expulsion of the owner, is
mere brutem fulmenia.nd in nowise changes or ef-
fects the right of property. Hence his proclama-
tion of emancipation could impart freedom only
to slaves in his actual possession; it would leave
all others just where they were before.
Still less do these rules of international inter-
course empower Congress to pass these obnox-
ious measures. They grant nothing to Congress,
and Congress has no jurisdiction to execute them.
With the concurrence of the President, Congress
may renounce their authority, and withdraw the
Republic from the socicty of nations, but it can-
not add a line to or subtract one from their pro-
visions.
The laws of war arc for the season of war.
They disappear when hostilities end. When the
rebellion is suppressed, and there are no longer
two parties in the State, they cease to operate,
and the rebel subsides into the citizen. He is then
to be dealt with according to the Constitution and
the laws made in pursuance of it, and can beheld
to answer only as they prescribe.
Turning, then, Mr/Chairman, to the Consti-
tution itself for thepowcrof the Government over
the property of the citizen, we see it is extremely
limited and strongly guarded. The word confis-
cation is not found in the instrument, nor in the
idea signified by it. The word forfeiture is used
but once, and that only in connection with the
punishment of treason, to restrain its natural im-
port. The Constitution permits but few modes
by which the citizen may be divested of his prop-
erty. It may be done by forfeiture for violation
of revenue laws, passed under the powers to lay
and collect taxes, and to legulate commerce; but
this forfeiture is confined to the guilty instrument
by or with which tho violation was perpetrated;
by taxation, which is the contribution, determined
by law, each is obliged to make to the expenses
of Government in consideration of its protection,
and results from the power to lay and collect
taxes; by seizure for the public use, which means
the public service, and then only upon just com-
pensation being made, and is according to the ex-
press letter of the Constitution: and as punish-
ment of crime, as fines, and the like, whereof the
pai ty is adjudged guilty, after due process of law.
Tho Constitution provides no other cause, it is
believed, for which the citizen's right of property
can he divested arid vested in the Government. The
confiscations proposed do not fall within either of
these classes; and here I might stop and success-
fully contend that quite enough has been shown
utterly to condemn them.
But the objects to be accomplished by the vari-
ous propositions for the confiscation of the prop-
