1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3091
The next amendment of the House was in sec-
tion three, line nine, to strike out "April," and
insert "October."
Mr. HOWE. Is it in orderto move an amend-
ment to that amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in or-
der. This being an amendment from the House
of Representatives, it is competent for the Senate
to amend the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure whether the prop-
osition 1 wish to move is leally an amendment to
the amendment. J want to amend that clause so
as to continue process. I wish to amend at the
end of the seventh line of the third section, by
striking out the word " on,"and inserting " shall
be continued in said courts untii;" so that it will
read:
That all notion*, &c., shall be continued in said courts
untii the 1st d.iy of October next, and shall be, and aio here-
by, declared to be respectively tiansferred, &c.
The PRESIDENT;)ro tempore. The Chair de-
sires to understand the Senator from Wisconsin,
and understand his proposition distinctly, Is the
Senator from Wisconsin moving an amendment
to the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives, or an amendment to the text of the bill
independent of the amendment of the House of
Representatives?
Mr. HOWE. It will amend the text.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not com-
petent for the Senate to interfere with the text.
There is nothing now before the Senate but the
amendments sent to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is competent for the Senate to amend
the amendment of the House, but not to amend
its own text.
Mr. HOWE. I had grave doubts whether the
proposition would come within the line of an
amendment to the amendment. Could this amend-
ment, however, be adopted by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The text has
been concurred in by the House of Representa-
tives except so far as it is affected by the amend-
ments they have sent us. Therefore it becomes
incompetent for the Senate to modify the text of
its own bill. There is nothing before us but the
amendments sent to the Senate by the House of
Representatives. The question is on concurring
or non-concuriing in those amendments, or con-
curring in those amendments with amendments.
Mr. HOWE. I believe it would be in orderto
move to commit the bill for the purpose of insert-
ing that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That does not
change the power of the Senate over the text of
the bill. Nothing can be amended by the Senate
now except the amendments sent to us by the
House.
Mr. HOWE. I wa<3 under the impression we
had an express iule to that effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
cannot amend us own text after it has been con-
curred in by the House.
Mr. HOWE. If there is no possible way in
which this can be reformed, it is useless forme to
state the necessity for the reform. My attention
has been called to it by one of the judges, an^Lit
seemed to be important to have it made; but if it
cannot be made, that is the end of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives, striking out "April," and in-
serting 44 October."
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That disposes
of the biii. It came back to the Senate with
amendments. The Senate disagree to one of the
amendments, and concur in another amendment
with an amendment, and concrur in the others.
PETITION.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of disabled
soldiers from the State of Massachusetts, honor-
ably discharged from the Army of the United
States, praying a bounty of ^100; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN* AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the memoual of dealers in and publishers
of book-> in New York, on the flips of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
GRADES OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr, HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was recommitted last evening the bill
(H. R. No. 280) to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy,
with several amendments, have had the subject
under consideration, and have, in obedience to a
vote of the Senate, prepared a pay roll, and have
instructed me to report the same b«ck, rejecting
the amendments and reporting a new section. I
move that the new section be printed, so that it
may be before the Senate to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. GRIMES subsequently said: There was
an order made to print the amendment reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs to the Navy
grade bill. I have an amendment which I intend
to propose, which I desire may be printed also,
giving a rank to the civil branch of the service cor-
responding with the elevation of rank in the mili-
tary branch.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be con-
sidered as a part of the other order.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring? in a bill (S. No.378) for
the relief of Tilton, Wheelwright & Co.; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS,
Mr. HARRIS. I move that all prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate pi oeeed to the con-
sileration of the bill (S, No. 200) to establish
provisional governments in certain cases.
Mr. SUMNER. I think theSenatorhad better
make that a special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Let us go on
with it now.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 365.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
similar motion pending. The Senator from New
York moves to postpone all prior orders, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. WILLEY. I suggest to the Senator from
New York whether the passage of my bill might
not disembarrass his bill of some difficulties that
perhaps now surround it.
Mr. HARRIS. What bill is that?
Mr. WILLEY. A bill for the admission of
West Vnginia into the Union. It might more
propei 1 y define and limit the operations of his bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I should be happy to oblige^
the Senator; but \ cannot yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. POWELL. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary pioceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The vote falls
far short of a quorum, and the business of the
Senate is arrested for the want of a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS, f move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No quorum
being present, the Senator from Kentucky moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I was not in the Chamber
when mv name was called. I vote " nay."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is still
no quorum, and no motion can be entertained
except to adjourn or send for absent members.
Mr. PO WELL. During the pause of business,
I take this occasion to notify the Senate that five
or six months ago I introduced a bill for the pur-
pose of abolishing the bounties on the tonnage of
vessels engaged in the Bank and other cod fish-
eries, and hail it referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, where it has slept ever since. I have on
three or four occasions respectfully called the at-
tention of the chairman of the committee to it, and
requested a report either fuvoiably or adversely;
but it seems the committee will take no action upon
it. I merely desire now to notify those interested
that when the tariff bill comes up I shall offer it
as an amendment to that bill. I wish further to
notify the Senate that unless the bill to abolish
the franking privilege is taken up andacted upon,
I shall also move that as an amendment to the same
bill.
Mr. COWAN. I believe there is a vote pend-
ing to take up a bill* I vote " nay."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum yet present.
Mr. TEN EYCK. May I not make a report
from a committee?
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore* It cannot be
received. No business can b<? done in the absence
of a quorum.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is no quorum pres-
ent, I move that the Senate do now adjourn. [" Oh
no!'sl Well, I will not press it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will it be in order to take
an appeal fiom the decision of the Chair as to the
fact of a quorum not being present? 1 think we
may as well decide that question now. We can
decide that question as well by an appeal; and I
think I shall take an appeal, with perfect respect
to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
of what constitutes a quorum is a constitutional
question, and is not an appropriate one for the
Chair to decide as a mere question of order. The
Chair decides, however, in accordance with prac-
tice and with the assent of the Senate regularly
and uniformly, that a majority of a full Senate is
requisite for a quorum to do business.
Mr. HALE. Is there a quorum present on this
vote ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not appeal from the
decision of the Chair, because I do not like to have
a decision against the Chair on a question of that
kind when the Chair follows precedent, although
it is wrong; at least I think that is not the consti-
tutional construction. I think, therefore, as soon
as we have a quorum we had better settle that
question. I have deferred it heretofore at the re-
quest of Senators who are older and more familiar
with th^ practice of the Senate than I am.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to have my vote
recorded. I vote " nay."
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays II;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Clmk, Coilnmcr, Dixon, Fcs-
spiiilen, Four, Fosto , Guinea, Ili!:t, II.irian, Iloxvej
ICuiu, L;uie or' Indiana, Lane of K.insn-s, Mnmll, Pomero.v,
her man, Sunnnm^, Simmer, Tiuinbnll, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wiisiiit—04.
NAY."?—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Henderson, Howard,
Kennedy, Ne^mitli, Powell, Suubbury, Stark, Ten Eyck,
and Willej—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 200) to establish provisional
governments in certain cases.
The bill was read.
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary was, in line three, after the
word "of," to insert "any of;*'so as to read,
4i that wherever within the territorial limits of any
of the United States,},&c.
The question being put; it was declared that the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS called for a division; and a divis-
ion being h.td, the ayes were 5, and the noes 3.
Mi. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yona mid nays were ordered.
Air. SHERMAN. Is it in order pending that
question to move to postpone this bill with a view
to settle the question of a quorum ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is. The call
of the yeas and nays has not commenced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone this bill
with a view to settle the question of a quorum.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up the
resolution in regaid to a quorum.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not press the motion to take that matter up
now. It would, of course, produce discussion, and
probably lengthened discussion, and the result
would be that there would be no quorum of the
body when we came to a vote, if wc came to one
to-day. I suggest that it is better, certainly for
to-day, to go on with any business which we can
take up and pass without very much division of
opinion in the Seriate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is important to
have this question settled now. I have deferred
it at the request of Senators from time to time, and
now, I think, at this period of the session we must
decide it. Even when we are acting on so import-
ant a bill as this, we cannot maintain a quorum
here, we have so few members in the city. I will
not detain the Senate long in discussing the reso-
lution.
