1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
blackcnedmass of ruins, and a solitude, rather
than permit this Government to be overthrown.
What is the principle involved in this struggle, I
I did not pretend to say that, nor
pray you ? Wo have here a framework of Gov-
ernment created by the unanimous consent of the
people, and providing peaceably, and by the forms
of law, for every alteration, every amendment,
even for a separation of the States, for any modi-
fication of the Government which the people may
choose to make. If we permit a Government of
this description to be subverted by violence, there
is an end of all the forms of Government origina-
ting in the consent of the people. Before I would
see that accomplished, as God is my judge, I would
be prepared to see this country a solitude and a
desert.
Rut, air, I look for better things. I hope for
better things. I think I see evidences of better
things at Roanoke, Kentucky,Tennessee, Arkan-
sas, and wherever our troops march. Is there not
evidence that the individuals who have been en-
gaged in this rebellion are anxious to escape from
it? The delusion under which these people have
been laboring is about to be dispelled. If that be
accomplished, I tell yuu there is not the least ne-
cessity for disturbing ourselves about this negro
question just now. God is vindicating his ways.
^Mr. VViCKLlFFE. Does the gentleman from
New York pretend to say that Kentucky has ever
been in rebellion ?
Mr. OLIN.
did I say it.
I was about to remark that, in my judgment,
there never was a time m the whole history of the
Government since its formation, when so little
uneasiness need be felt by my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] on the subject of negro slavery.
If we can prosecute this war successfully, and
bring into obedience the people of those States that
have set up this defiant authority against the Gen-
eral Government, I tell you that this element of
slavery wili never again be a disturbing cause in
the a (ministration of tins Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is a question of the
gravest importance which this Plouse and the
country have to consider. That question will be
forced upon us. Our Army, as it goes through
the slave States, will liberate, of necessity, whether
they desire to accomplish that purpose or not, a
vast number of those persons who have been held
in bondage; and it will well bccome the patient carc
and paternal duty of the Genera! Government to
devise the proper means by which to tnlep care of
that class of people, so illy calculated to take care
of themselves.
From my observation within this District, and
from my intercourse with men from the South, I
have been induced to take a somewhat diffeient
view of this question of slavery from that which
is expressed by some gentlemen of this House.
Take for instance the district of Beaufort, South
Caiolina, where there is so large a preponderance
of the slave population over the white population.
The best informed men from the North who hove
come in contact with that class of population—I
do not mean men who had any prejudice against
the immediate emancipation of slaves, but men
who have spent their lives in efforts to emancipate
them—say that the idea of emancipating such a
class as that is idle. The Government must take
core of them. They are as impotent to take care
of themselves as four-year-old childien. "When
they ran away from their mas lets and came within
the lines of our army, the agents of the Govern-
ment offered to give them wages and employ them
atgatln ring cotton m that district. Many of them,
as I am informed, went to work a day or so, and
then ran back to their masters. Work was not the
feast to which they thuught themselves invited.
Mi. LOVEJOY. 1 want to ask the gentleman
what authoilty he has for that statement. I have
seen such statements, but do not believe a word
of them. So far as 1 have seen m Missouri, and
so fcir as I can read, the contrary is true.
Mr. CR1SFIELD. The statement agrees with
the very chaiartei of the negro.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Train*] what was the name of that
a^ent st-nt by the Government to Port Royal?
"Mr. TRAIN. His name is Pierce.
Mr. OLIN. That is my authority.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That authority, however, hap-
pens to be the other way. His report is entirely
in the other direction.
im
Mr. OLIN. Perhaps that gentleman has the
habit of making; somewhat conflicting reports
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; but the gentleman
has the habit of misunderstanding the one report.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman had listened to
me a moment I think ho could have corrected one
delusion that he labors under in reference to my
remarks. Take the colored population of Vir-
ginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia,
who come into daily contact with white men, and
are more or less educated and cultivated, anil you
will find that in some way or other these persons
acquire a degree of intelligence and self-control
and cultivation, which, in a great measure, fits
them foi freedom. But take a population of ne°ro
slaves which exceeds the white population as five
or ten to one, where the negro slave does notsce
a white man except his driver from one week's
end to the other, and you will find that of all per-
sons in the world he is the least qualified to take
care of himself, and the most helpless of human
beings, so far as providing for his own support
and maintenance is concerned.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to intenupt him
Mr. OLIN. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not expect to take part
in this debate, and I do not care to do so now,
only I think it rather hard in this House, among
the professed friends of freedom, to have the slaves
slandered, and denied the few things that really
belong to them. I suppose that the gentleman is
not ignorant of the fact that emancipation in the
West Indies, where eight hundred thousand slaves
were set free at once and unconditionally, has
worked to the advantage of the freed man, to the
advantage of the island, and to the advantage of
the morals and education of that community.
That is a historical fact. No murder was ever
committed by these freed men, although there
were five slaves to one while man in the island.
Although a consistent effort lias been made on the
part of the friends of slavery to misrepresent tiie
lesults of emancipation in the West Indies, still
it is a historical fact which cannot be denied, that
it has worked admirably. The gentleman must
know, iflie has ever been where slaves are, that
the masteisare much more dependent on the slaves
than the slaves are upon the masters; that the
slaves have not only to piovide for themselves,
but have to provide for their masters.
Mr. OLIN. 1 am aware of all (hat. I should
not dissent from a great deal my friend has said
upon that subject. If you were to take such a
district as Beaufort, South Carolina, for instance,
where the slave population gi eatly preponderates,
emancipate the slaves, give them the control, and
I do not affirm that such a community would not
make belter progress m all that is valuable in civ-
ilized life, than the average condition of social life
in that district.
Now, sir, no possible analogy can be drawn
from the facts stated in reference to the results of
emancipation in the West Indies and emancipa-
tion in South Caiolina. I agree with most of
what the gentleman says upon that subject in ref-
erence to the West Indies.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not understand that the
dominant class left the West Indies because of
emancipation. On the contrary, mv mfoimation
is that, they remained there. They stormed and
opposed the measure very virulently up to the
time the act was passed,but they then confoimed
themselves to the feel which they could not pre-
vent, and it has since been better for both classes.
Mr. OLIN. Now, if my ingenious friend is
through, I will reply to that. He certainly knows
that, in the West Indies, up to the time of eman-
cipation, the control of the Government was in the
hands of the whiles, and thai after the act of eman-
cipation the blaek population, largely preponder-
ating in liumbeis, weie in the lull enjoyment of
all the rights of freemen. Nov,', if my friend from
Illinois would remember that an act of emancipa-
| tion would but strike the felters from the slave,
but would not enable him to have a voice in the i
government of the State, or shape the policy of a
State, so that, even where theie was a preponder-
ance of the black population, they could take no
control of the government of the State, he would
see the wide difference between emancipation in
the West Indies and emancipation in South Car-
olina.
me to remind him of a fact he is already awareof,
that in South Carolina there is a large preponder-
ance of the blaclc population.
Mr. OLIN. I am certainly aware of thatfact.
The gentleman did not need to inform me of it.
But the blacks have not got the government in
then- hands in South Carolina, and are not likely
very soon to have it; and that is the precise dif-
House * WaS t0 ma'Ie apparent to the
Now, let no man charge me with any want of
regard for this class of our population. No, sir;
every act of my life, every sentiment of my heart
has been enlisted in favor of that unfortunate class
of our people. I would to God that this Govern-
ment, or some Power, could place that population
in a position where they could enjoy the rights
which God and nature designed for them; but it
never can be done while they remain either a free
or a slave race among us. I say it never can be
done. Why, the lesson taught the gentleman from
Illinois by h is own State ought to speak, it seems to
me, in somewhat significant tones upon that sub-
ject. I understand at this very time the conven-
tion of (hat State which is remodeling its organic
law is incorporating into it a provision by which
all free negroes shall forever be prohibited from
coming; into the Stale to reside.
Mr. LOVEJOY, Yes, sir; it is the work of the
pro-slavery Democracy of that State which seem
to have the control of that body, I am sorry to
be compelled to state it.
Mr. ROBINSON. Let me state, with the con-
sent of the gentleman from New York, upon that
question, that we had in Illinois a convention in
1847, which incorporated into the constitution a
provision authorizing- the passage of a law by the
Legislature prohibiting the immigration into the
Slate of fiee negroes. The next year the ques-
tion was presented before the'people of the State,
and the provision was sustained by an overwhelm-
ing majority.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Very much to our disgrace;
with shame I acknowledge it.
Mr. OLIN.
I know it is, and that is just what
Icomplainof. Itis a disgrace and a shame. Now,
since I have been a citizen of the State of New
York, I think on three several occasions the prop-
osition has been presented to the popular vote of
the people of that State in the shape of a propo-
sition to amend the constitution, each time regu-
larly passed by the Legislature, to extend the
rights of suffrage to the black equally with the
white man.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire the indulgence of the
gentleman a single moment.
Mr. OLIN. Not at this moment. I was pro-
ceeding to say that by the constitution of that
State, adopted m 1823, a negro having real estate
to the value of $250. or having been assessed upon
personal propei ty to the amount of $250, and paid
a tax upon it, can vote. As I stated, since I have
been a citizen of the State three several proposi-
tions have been submitted to the vote of the peo-
ple ot the State to allow the negro the same privi-
lege that any other man enjoyed, who behaved as
well as he did. [Laughter.] The smallest vote
that proposition ever received, according to my
recollection, was when the Republican party held
a triumphant majority in the State of New York.
The vote gradually grew less from 1823 to 1856,
and the smallest vote that was ever given for that
proposition was the last one given.
Now, what does this show? I voted for that
proposition, and advocated it to the best of my
ability, because I thought it was in accordance
with the principles of republican government, and
eminently and justly due to a downtrodden race;
but, nevertheless, there stands out the pregnant,
speaking fact that there is instinctively implanted
m these two distinct races a sentiment that will
not coalesce.
Mr. THOMAS, ofMassachusetts. Does it not
also indicate another fact—that there is in New
York and Illinois just as much lenity toward the
negro as there is in the slave States?
Mr. OLIN. Certainly. I do not believe for a
moment that the rejection of the proposition in
New York originated in any disregard for the in-
terests of these people. Why, nil, our own State
' has done everything that it rationally could do to
| alleviate—and I am happy to say, very success-
1 fully in most instances—the condition of these
Mi. LOVEJOY. The gentleman wili allow ii unfortunate .people in our midst.
