1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
erty and liberation of the slaves of the actors in
the rebellion, are not only withoutgrant, which is
quite enough to forbid them, but the proceedings by
which these objects are sought to be obtained are
in direct conflict with the express and unambig-
uous words of the Constitution itself. These prop-
ositions ali define the crime of treason with more
or less certainty, and propose to punish it, not by
the trial of the person charged, according to the
course of the common law, which is his undoubted
right, but by a proceeding in rem against his es-
tate, and the confiscation of the whole of it abso-
lutely, if by that mode of trial he is found guilty;
and the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] liberates the slaves of
all persons who willfully engage in armed rebel-
lion against the Government of the United States,
or shall willfully aid and abet such rebellion,
without even the pretense of trial of any kind. I
beg to remind the House that the Constitution
declares that:
" No bill of attainder, ox ex post facto law shall be passed."
—An. 1, sec. 0.
" The trial ofall crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be by jury ; and such tual shall be held in the State
wheie the said crimes shall have been committed."—Art.
4, sec.
*{ No person shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on presentment or indictment
of a grand jury, except incases arising in the land and na-
val forces or m the militia when in actual service in time
of war or public danger ; nor shall any person be subject
lor the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or
limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a
witness against himself; nor be deprived of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law; nor shall private
propei ty be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion —Amendments, art. 5.
"'In all criminal piosecntions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury
of the .State and distiict wheiein the crimc shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously des-
ignated by law, and to be intoimed of the nature and cause
of the accusation; to be conironted with the witnesses
against him ; to have compulsory proce-s for obtaining
witnesses in Ins I'avor, and to have the as&istance of coun-
sel in his defense."—Amendmenti, art. G.
These articles are violated in many particulars
by the various propositions for confiscation; and
no proposition can be framed for that puipose
which would not violate some of them. The very
principle of confiscation is forbidden by them.
They are a flat bar to the whole object, and no
ingenuity can even plausibly reconcile them.
" No bill of attainder shall be passed." The
bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot,] in word and object, is a bill of pains and
penalties, and within the inhibition of bills of at-
tainder. It provides " that if any person within
the United States shall, after, &c., willfully engage
in armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or shall willfully aid or abet such
rebellion, eveiy such person shall thereby forfeit
all claim which such person may have to the ser-
vice or labor of any other person or persons, com-
monly known as slaves; and the slave or slaves
of such person are hereby declared free and for-
ever discharged from such servitude, anything in
the laws of the United States or of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding." The act propo-
ses no judicial proceedings; but assuming judicial
power, it judges and condemns, and then executes
its own judgment. Says Judge Story:
"Bills of attaindei, as they are technically called, are
such tpccial acts of the legislature inflict capital punish-
ments upon persons supposed to be guilty of high offenses,
such a* treason and felony, without any conviction in the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings. If an act inflicts a
milder degree of punishment than death, it is called a bill
of pains and penalties. But in the sense of the Constitu-
tion, it seems that bills of attainder include bills of pann
and penalties ; for the Supieme Couit have said, c a hill of
attainder may effect the life of an individual, or may con-
fiscate his propeity, or both.' In such cases the legislature
assumes judicial magistracy, pronouncing upon the guilt of
tho patty without ;my of the common fonns and guards of
trial, and satisfying itself with such pioofras are within its
read), whether they are confoimahle to the rules of evi-
dence or not.''
Mr. Chairman, the bill under review comes
exactly up to the description hero given of bills
of pains and penalties, included within bills of
attainder, and unconditionally forbidden, as we
have seen. It proposes a clear violation of the .Con-
stitution, and I hope it will not be deemed inap-
piopriate to cite the closing sentence of Judge
Story, in his Commentary on this article; and it
would be well for members of this House, in these
unquiet times, to watch well their own conduct,
lest they should become justly obnoxious to an
equally severe criticism, lie adds:
v< Bills of this sou have been most usually passed m Eng-
land in times of rebellion, or of gross subserviency to the
Crown, or of violent political excitement, periods in which
all nations are most liable, as well the free as the enslaved,
to forget their duuesand to tiample upon the rights and lib-
cities of others."
Every citizen, however humble, is entitled,
under the provisions of the Constitution already
cited, to the following rights: exemption from
answer for a capital or infamous crime without
indictment or presentment of a grand jury; in-
formation of the cause of accusation; public trial;
an impartial jury of the district where the crime
is charged to have been committed; to be con-
fronted to the witnesses against him; compulsory
process for his own witnesses; and not to be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property without due
proccss of law. Every one of these inestimable
rights of the citizen is violated by these confisca-
tion bills. It is his right not to be held to answer
for a capital crime, unless by the indictment of>
a grand jury; these bills hold him to answer,
through his property, the charge of treason on the
libel of the district attorney, framed without oath,
on mere suspicion. It is his right to be informed
of the nature of the charge; these bills propose to
try the question of his guilt or innocence, and for-
feit his estate, without giving him any information
at all. It is his right to have an impartial jury of
the vicinage; these bills forbid the interposition
of a jurjr of any kind. It is his right to have a
public trial and be confronted with the witnesses
against him; these bills proceed to the condemna-
tion of his property by an ex parte examination,
or no examination at all. It is his right not to be
deprived of his property without due process of
law, which means trial according to the course of
the common law; these bills propose to deprive
him of it by a proceeding against the thing as in
the prize court.
Sir, these are terrible innovations. They put
aside every safeguard interposed to protect inno-
cence. They break up the foundations of property
and expose the citizen to plunder and ruin. They
nullify the most sacred provisions of the Consti-
tution, repudiate Magna Ckarta, prostrate all the
prescriptions in favor of freedom, and ignore the
accumulated wisdom of six centuries in the science
of government. Humanity is shocked at the gi-
gantic wrong.
Again, these provisions of the Constitution, as
well as tiie whole instrument, clearly import that
the citizen is to answer in his person only for his
crimes. The whole scheme of government nega-
tives the idea that he is to answer through his prop-
erty at all, except in the way of fines; and I under-
take to say that no case can be found and no opinion
can be produced, more than a year old, in which
the power to t onfiscate—except the limited forfeit-
ure for treason—is maintained.
Mr. Chairman, the power claimed by these va-
lious propositions is in direct conflict with still
another provision of the Constitution. The crime
for which these wholesale and absolute forfeitures
are proposed to be made is treason, and, by the
third section of the third article empowering Con-
gress to declare the punishment of treason, it is
declared:
"But no attainder of treason shall work corruption of
blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the person at-
tainted."
This is a limitation on the power of Congress,
and in express terms forbids the absolute forfeit-
ure of the traitor's property, and consequently the
emancipation of his slaves. Its force and direct-
ness cannot be evaded or overcome by any fair
mode of reasoning. It is a flat negation of power
now claimed.
It is argued that this clause was not intended as
a limitation on the power of Congress to declare
the punishment of treason, but was designed
merely to exclude the consequence of thejudgment
of treason at common law. We are reminded that
at common law corruption of blood and forfeiture
of estate were the inseparable consequences of a
judgment of treason; and it is insisted that the sole
purpose of this clause was to prevent these con-
sequences from attaching to a judgment of treason :
under the Constitution. The ready and conclu- j
sive answer is, the Constitution, though it incor- j
poiated some common-law pnnciples, did not j
adopt the common law, and no consequence could ;
attach to the judgments of the courts created by j
it but just such as the Constitution, and the laws i
made in pursuance of it, should prescribe. Not |
being a common-law judgment, it could have no I
common-law consequence. Such a construction,
would render the clause nugatory and meaning-
less. Its manifest purpose was to Inhibit Con-
gress, while declaring the punishment of treason,
from corrupting the blood and forfeiting the prop-
erty of the offender beyond his life. It means
this, or it has no meaning at all. Judge Story so
understood it. In his Commentaries (page 467)
he says:
11 The other motive for the insertion of this clauso was to.
impose some limitation upon the nature and extent of
punishment, so that it should not work corruption of blood
or forfeiture beyond the life of the offeader."
But, Mr. Chairman, conceding this clause is a
limitation on the power of Congress, inhibiting it
from declaring corruption of blood and forfeiture
beyond the life of the traitor, as part of the pun-
ishment of treason, it is then contended that the
limitation extends only to lands, and not to the
goods and personal estate. The "attainder^men-
tioncd in this clause of the Constitution, it is in-
sisted, is such attainder as, according to the com-
mon law, results from a judgment in treason, and
relates to the same general kind of property which
was forfeited by the attainderatcommon law, and
that was real property only, for forfeiture of per-
sonal property resulted from the conviction. To
sustain this view we are referred to Blackstone's
Commentaries, where it is said:
" When sentence of death, the most terrible and highest
judgment in the laws of England, is pronounced, the imme-
diate inseparable consequence by the common law is at-
tainder."
" The consequcnces of attainder are forfeiture and cor-
ruption of blood. Forfeiture is twofold ; of real and per-
sonal estates. First as to real estate. By attainder in high
treason, a man forfeits to the king all his lands and tene-
ments of inheritance, &.c. There is a remarkable differ-
ence or two between the forfeiture of lands and of goods
and chattels. Lands aie forfeited upon attainder, and not
before ; goods and chattels are forfeited on conviction."
Relying on this passage, it is hence concluded
that Congress is inhibited from forfeiting for trea-
son only; what was forfeited by attainder at com-
mon law, and not what was forfeited by convic-
tion.
It is perfectly true that lands were not forfeited
till the attainder, but the forfeiture related back to
the commission of the crimc, and took precedence
of all intermediate conveyances. Itis equally true
that the goods were forfeited by conviction, but
that forfeiture was only sub modo, and never be-
came absolute, unless followed by judgment. On
conviction, the goods of the traitor could be seized,
but the title of the king was only inchoate, and no
disposition could be made of them until judgment,
of which attainder was the inseparable conse-
quence, was pronounced, or was defeated by the
act of the party, by taking benefit of clergy, or
flight, or the like, which were regarded as con-
fessions of guilt, and not sufficient to defeat the
inchoate title of the king.
In Hawkins's Pleas of the Crown it is said:
Upon conviction of treason and felony, personal things
shall bo forfeited."—Iiook 2, chap. 49, sec. 13.
" Nothing i^ forfeited unless there is an attainder."—
Ibid., hook 2, chap. 311, sec. 1\>9, note.
" But if pardon or purgation inteivcne between convic-
tion and judgment, hisgood^ will not be restoied; being
vc'-tod in the king by forfeiture upon the conviction, shd.fi
not be divested, either by pardon or purgation ; for it is cer-
tain thatapaidon never avoids any piecedent legal act.
Neither would the common law endure that purgation,
which was introduced by a connivance—rather tolerated
than allowed—should so far control its proceedings."—
Ibid., book 2, chap. 33, sec. 129.
The meaning of this is very clear. The for-
feiture occurred on the conviction, and could not
be defeated by the king's pardon, which being an
act of mercy, and not a right, could have no effect
other than it expressly prescribed; nor by pur-
gation, a connivance rather tolerated than allowed;
but it was not consummated till followed by at-
tainder. The inference is irresistible, that if the
verdict was set aside, or the judgment arrested,
and there could be no attainder for that reason,
then there would be no forfeiture. Forfeiture was
the penalty of guilt, and that could only be legally
and certainly ascertained by judgment, or by con-
viction, and the act of the party, which in effect
admitted the regularity of the finding; and for this
abundant authority can be shown.
In Comyn's Digest (title, Forfeiture) the law
is thus laid down:
" After conviction, sheriff may seize the goods of the felon
convict for the king; but not before. lie may .seize, en-
roll, and deliver them to the vill; but he cannot remove
them."—J*. 4.
But lands and goods of any indicted for treason oi fel-
