1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
being sent back to the post ofricc where it was
mailed, does not find its sender there, and is re-
turned. That amounts to (ive or six thousand
dollars a year. It was made use of by the dead
letter department. The Department has, there-
fore, tested that matter to that extent, and has
found that a very large proportion of letters—let-
ters of business, letters of affection, letters of in-
quiry will be taken by the writers when returned
to them, and the postage paid on them. Out of
fifty-three thousand nine hundred and thirty-four
dead letters thus returned, and not containing val-
uables, all were taken and postage paid upon them
except forty-four hundred and forty-six, being
less than one twelfth of the whole. There are two
and a half million dead letters annually returned
to the dead letter office. Prom three quarters of
a million to a million of these contain circulars or
other woithless matter. These are not to be sent
back. This will leave about a million and a half
letters of ordinary correspondence that can be re-
turned. On all of these that contain valuable mat-
ter, a postage of nine cents is to be collected—one
postage for the transmission of the letter to the
dead letter office, one postage for the expense of
registering, and one for the return of the letter to
the writer. Of couise, all these letteis will be
taken and paid for as containing valuable mat-
ter. On all other returned letters double postage
is to be charged—one being for the sending of the
letter the dead letter office, and the other for
returning it to the writer. The Postmaster Gen-
eral estimates that this increase upon the present
postage will bring to the Department, on the
one million one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand letters that will be taken out by the writers,
#33,750.
Now, sir, under this bill the estimate is that
twenty-live extra clerks will be required to return
all the dead letters that may be received. The
Postmaster General thinks he can employ men
competent for this, about the lowest class of cler-
ical service, for £800 each. This will involve an
expenditure of $'20,000 a year. At the present
rates of letter postage, the letters returned, if three
fourths of them are taken, would yield a revenue
of $13,750. But it will be remembered, that the
Postmaster General proposes, and this bill pro-
vides for doubling the rate of postage on all letters
returned, and trebling it on letters containing val-
uable inclosures. All the valuable letters will of
course he taken if returned to the writers, and
from the experiment which has been tried within
the last year, it is to be presumed the greater por-
tion of the others will be taken out. It is, there-
fore, a matter of almost certainty that the effect
of the passage of this bill will be to give increased
revenues to the Department. 1 have now ex-
plained, I believe, the effect of the vaiious provis-
ions of the bill, but if any other gentleman desires
to ask farther questions, I will answer with great
pleasure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana what is the lowest salary now paid
to clerks in the Post Office Department?
Mr. COLFAX. The lowest salary now paid
is $1,200.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I have been informed that
clerks are employed in that Department as low as
$600.
Mr. COLFAX. I think not. It is a fact, how-
ever, that in consequence of the increase of busi-
ness in the Post Office Department—no additional
force having been authorized by law for several
years—they have been compelled to employ labor-
ers to open letters in the dead letter office, which
is a mere mechanical operation, requiring no cler-
ical skill. Tin- salary of a laborer is $600, and Is
piesume this is (o what the gentlemen refers.
Air. HOLMAN. I piesume, as the gentleman
says, it requires no particular skill to perform the
duties of clerks in the dead letter office.
-Mr. COLFAX. It is necessary that some good
clerks should be employed in the dead letter office,
and theciciksto be employed in tins proposed
service must have a certain amount of clerical qual-
ification. In the first place, they must under-
stand reading and writing tolerably well 111 order
to read the names and dates of the letters and re-
direct them. The Postmaster General thought
$800 would be a fail salary, and I think myself it
would not be too much.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The point may have been dis-
cussed, but I have not heard it, as to what addi-
tional labor is to be performed which makes this
additional force necessary.
Mr. COLFAX. The labor they are to perform
is to open and remail every dead letter returned
to the dead letter office, and there are now some
two and a half millions of such letters a year.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is done with them
now?
Mr. COLFAX. They are mostly destroyed,
and in many cases resultingin much inconvenience
and injury. For instance, a business letter is
written which goes to the dead letter office, and
is not returned; the writer does not hear from it,
and his business may be very much interfered
with. It is desirable too in many instances that
letters of affection should be returned.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish to suggesttothe
gentleman from Indiana whether it would not be
better to put a provision m the bill for having this
matter tested, and if the receipts under this plan
will not amount to enough to pay expenses, let it
be abolished within agiven time. Now this thing
may do very well, and if it pays or nearly pays
expenses, 1 do not know that I shall object to it;
but if we are to have twenty-five clerks fastened
on to that Department, to be paid out of the public
Tieasuiy, it is a matter which I think we should
consider very deliberately before we authorize it,
without knowing whether it will increase the ex-
penses of the Department.
Mr. COLFAX. I agree with the gentleman
from Illinois precisely, and the committee have
anticipated the view he suggests by providing in
the latter clause of the bill that the Postmaster
General, at the next session of Congress, shall
report the expenses of the system, and the receipts.
And I say to the gentleman and to the House,
that if the system does not a great deal more than
pay expenses, I myself will move, in the very first
week of the next session, to abolish it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. We all know how these
matters run on. I have no doubt the gentleman
will do precisely as he says he will; because we
all know he is a gentleman of his word; but I
suggest to him it would be better to place a pro-
vision m the bill by which, if the system does
not pay its own expenses, it shall, by its own
terms, be abolished.
Mr. COLFAX. I will also state that the sys-
tem has been already tested to a sufficient extent
to furnish reliable data in this respect. At the
last session of Congress, the Postmaster General
was authorized to return a portion of the dead
letters, and charge postage on them. The result
has been that eleven twelfths of such letters have
been taken out by the writers, and the postage
paid.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would like to
ascertain how many additional clerks it is pro-
posed to employ. It may be that the information
has already been given m the course ot this dis-
cussion, but there has been so much general busi-
ness transacted of every description on this side
of the House, while it has been going on, that I
have been able to hear only occasionally a word.
1 desire, if it is possible, to get some informa-
tion in reference to this matter before it is acted
upon.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the question of
the gentleman, and also explain the whole matter
to him by reading an extract from the report of
the Postmaster General, upon which this bill is
founded. He says:
"About two million live hundiod thousand dead letters
are annually received, <itid, excluding letters without the
signature or addiess oi the wutei, and those containing
cncular^and nmnitcMJy worthier matter, it estimated
th.it one million five bundled thousand could be returned
to the po^t olhce of the wnter. If one fourth of these weic
refused oi uncalled foi, the Bepairment, urnloi existing law,
would receive lioni postages on the remaining one million
one hundred and twenty-live thousand the auin of,$33,750
"The number of clerks tequned to examine and send out
one million five hundred thousand letteis would not ex-
ceed twenty five, and then compensation, at PSOO per ail
num. which is deemed Hirlieient for the natuieof tht'Pci-
viee to 1)(; peifmnied, would amount to .^21),000. leaving a
net levenue to the Depaitment of ^13.750.
'• In view of the encouraging already attained, by
the partial use ot the unclaimed dead letter money foi this
put pose, 1 would icpeetfully leeommend that authority b°
giantecl by Congress to emploj the proposed clerks and that
>;20.000 be appiopriatcd th'nefor, m addition to the oidi-
naryappropnationlorotfieeisand eleik> in thi> Depaitment.
'* I would al>o that valuable dead letters when
retained to their o\\ ncis, should In; chaigcd with treble the
oidnuuj late ot" postage, computing one late for return
tiiiu-poi'ation to the dead letter ofhee. one rate for regis-
tration th'-re, and one late for ietuin tianspor'aunn to the
writers or owners. It has already been shown that the fail-
ure of such letters to reach their destination is rarely attrib-
utable to the Department, while in their restoration much
tune andlaboi is expended, for which the ordinary letter
postage is scarcely a sufficient recompense.
" For the same reasons, unregistered letters thus returned
might be charged with double rates."
I will merely add that the provisions of the bill
correspond with all these regulations.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I understand from
this bill, and from what I suppose is the course of
all the Departments, that there will be twenty-five
additional clerks, for I do not suppose for a mo-
ment they will appoint less than the full number
authorized, (that has not been the course of pro-
ceeding in any Department, so far as I am aware,)
and they will be pressed to appoint a good many
more. I understand and appreciate the embar-
rassment they labor under, but as the bill now
stands it may be set down that twenty-five addi-
tional clerks will be appointed. Now, I am op-
posed to the bill in that particular, becausc I do
not believe that so large a number of clerks arc
necessary. Certainly a larger number cannotbe
required for this service than is nowemployed in
the dead letter office. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana how many clerks are nowem-
ployed in that office?
Mr. COLFAX. I think about twelve.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. As the law now
stands, every letter that is returned to the dead let-
ter offi.eeis opened,examined,and recorded—per-
haps, however, not recorded. What additional
labor is to be done, then, under this proposed
change of the law? Simply this: the returning or re-
mailmg one class which is not now returned or re-
mailed. They are, I repeat, all examined and read
under the law as it now stands. That labor is all
performed now. Every letter is examined and in-
vestigated, to see what shall be returned and what
shall not be returned. All the additional force,
then, that is necessary, in my judgment, is that
which is necessary to remail that portion of the
letters not now remailed. I want to understand
why it is that while it takes only twelve clerks
now to examine every letter received at the dead
letter office, to open and to decide upon them, it
is yet necessary to have twenty-five additional
clerks to return a portion of the dead letters that
are not now returned?
It seems to me that there is great plausibility in
the gentleman's plan, and that it will have the
effect of swelling the revenue of the Post Office
Department if properly carried out. I most cor-
dially concur m this, as I will in all other like
measures, if economically carried out. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana to go a little further with
his proposition and make all we can for the Gov-
ernment. It seems tome to be unnecessary to
treble the clerical force now employed in the dead
letter office. If any are necessary it strikes me
that they cannot be more than five in addition to
the twelve nowemployed. That will come nearer
the mark and be the means of making more money
for the Government. My proposition will cripple,
I admit, the patronage of the Post Office Depart-
ment. I have very little interest in that patronage.
I am not solicitous about it unless some friend of
mine thinks he can make something by its in-
crease. If I am permitted, therefore, I am inclined
to move an amendment, that the clerks shall be
increased, not twenty-five, but only five. Will
the gentleman yield me the floor to move that
amendment?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly. I do not believe
that much is accomplished by the pressure of the
previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Tory well, then;
I move that amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I should also like to move
that the word "loyal" be inserted before the word
clerk."
Mr. COLFAX. I would crccept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin if this
were not the report of a committee. 1 infer, how-
ever, that none but loyal clerks will be appointed
by the Postmaster General. There will be no seri-
ous objection to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I object to it.
Mr. COLFAX. Perhaps it might be considered
a reflection upon the Postmaster General.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I accept it as a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I am really glad to sec the
anxiety of the gentleman from Illinois to save
