150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
money to the Government. We intend to follow
this bill with another that will very largely swell
tliu revenues of the Post Office Department, and
I trust that we shall also have his cooperation to
put it on its passage and passed into a law. 1 think
gentlemen on both sides of the House will bear
witness that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads have endeavored in their reforms to
swell the revenue of the Government in every
possible way we could. If they will look back
and see the bills that we have reported, they will
see that we have in every possible way tried to
do that. The committee introduced the bill before
the House with the same object in view. It is, I
believe, the first time in the history of the country
when it has been proposed to make the dead let-
ters which are returned pay postage. And the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois is futile
if we intend to carry out the recommendation of
the Postmaster General.
I will say to the gentleman from Illinois, that
five additional clerks will not be enough to return
all the dead letters. His argument is fallacious.
He says that ail of the dead letters arc opened and
examined. I wish he would go to the Post Office
and see how far they are opened and examined.
There is not a dead letter clerk who has time to
read all the letters, or even to look at all the sig-
natures. The immense amount of dead letter
matter has lately very largely increased, because
of the letters which have been posted for disloyal
States being retained,as well as those with rejected
stamps, having been precipitated upon the Depay-
ment. They are and must necessarily be exam-
ined in a hurried manner. This bill requires the
examination of every letter. It requires that it
shall be returned to the post office whence it was
mailed, and to the wiiter. It requires that an
account shall be kept of all the postages; the post
office is charged with them, and when they arc
paid the post office is credited with them. There
js a good deal to do about this thing ol which my
fiientl has no conception. It was suggested by a
previous Postmaster General that all dead letters
should be returned to their writers that could be
made a sourcc of revenue, as we peck to make
them in this bill. If the House think* that the bill
is not wise, all it has to do is to vote it down, and
let the dead letters be burned up, as they are now,
instead of attempting to return them. We think
we have devised a scheme by which these dead
letters may be made to swell the revenue of the
Department; and we think so still. 1 demand the
previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. COLFAX. With pleasure.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will renew the
demand. The gentleman says that my argument
is fallacious, lie says that my amendment does
not provide for clerks enough, and that I have
exaggerated the woi k now done at the dead letter
office; but I think that he admits the force of my
argument. He does not say that twenty-five clei ks
are necessary, but that they may be. And his
objection falls to the ground when he says that
there is not time to open and road all of the letters.
The very system which the gentleman proposes
dispenses with the reading of any of them. They
are only to be opened, the writer's name is to be
obtained, and the letter is to be remailed. There
will then not be the necessity, as there is now, to
read and ascertain the contents of a dead letter.
All letters, and not a certain class, are to be re-
turned, and the risk is to be run of sweilmg the
revenue of the Department. I think, therefore,
in that view of the ease,that twenty-five additional
clerks are not needed. Indeed U is a question
whether even five additional clerks will be re-
quired.
Mr. COLFAX.. I do not wish to weary the
House: but I will say a word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Illinois. We know by our own ex-
perience that many writers neglect or forget to
date their letters; and we also know that the
stamps upon the back are not always legible. All
such letters will have to be read m order to find
some ciuc to the whereabouts of the writer. What
I have stated already in explanation of the bill is
sufficient answer to the gentleman from Illinois.
He certainly must have misunderstood me fiom
the remarks he has made. The opening and ad-
dressing of all the dead letters, and not alone of
a few of them, will vastly increase the labors of
the department.
Mr. HOLMAN, It seems, from the discussion
and the candid statements of my colleague, that
one thing is certain, and that is whether this bill
will increase the revenue of the Department is a
matter altogether of speculation, whereas it will
increase Us liabilities in this clerical force $20,000.
It seems to me, therefore, that this is one of the
measures that ought to be postponed to next Feb-
ruary for further consideration. 1 trust that my
colleague will permit me to make that motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I have shown, I think, by figures, which
cannot lie, that this bill will swell the revenue of
the Post Office Department. The bill goes on then
to provide that, at the opening of the next session,
the cost and the receipts from the return of these
dead letters shall be reported to Congress, to the
end thatjf the cost exceeds the leceipts, we shall
repeal this law. The question, as i have already
stated, has been decided with reference to fifty-
three thousand letters; and m this bill it is pro-
vided that some letters shall pay double and others
treble.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman permit me?
Mr. COLFAX. I will.
Mr. STEVENS. If we had a separate post
office m this House, would that lessen the num-
ber of clerks necessary at the Post Office Depart-
ment ?
Mr. COLFAX. It would not at the Post Office
Department, but it would at the city post office.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to amend the
bill so as to make it imperative that the Post Office
Department shall establish a post office in this
Capitol, for we do not now get our mails until
next week. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General has
established a branch office here, and he wants this
House to try it. The mails from all quarters will
come directly here. He intends that you shall
have your mails early and piomptly; and if it is
found that his plan docs not work well, he will
adopt any suggestion which the House may make.
Air. STEVENS. I see no difference in that
fiom the old system. I think theie should be a
post office for Congress, for really I do not get the
papers of this morning which come through the
mails until nine o'clock to-night, and we shall not
have them any earlier until we establish a post
office here. If it is in order, I would move to amend
so as to make it imperative that a post office shall
be established heie.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads if the committee has not been imperative y
instructed by the House to bring m a bill to estali
lifch a post office here ?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; but I will state very
frankly to my friend that under the circumstances
the preparation of the details of that bill have been
postponed by the committee for the present.
I now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of having a
little time for consideration, I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The first question being upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Iveli.ogo,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLFAX called the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment, to introduce a resolution r
Mr. STEVENS. I will.
MEMBERS HOLDING OFFICES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee ol Elections inquire and
repoit whether any person holding any office under the
United States, and receiving compensation therefor, is at
the same time holding a seat and receiving compensation as
a member of Congress.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the consent of the chair-
man of the Ways and Means Committee to allow
me to report a bill, in order that it may be printed.
It is a bill to abolish the franking privilege. I
want gentlemen to have it in print.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to abolish the franking privilege; which was
read a first and second time, and its consideration
postponed until the second Thursday in January,
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when this House adjourn to-
day it adjourns to meet on Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that will not be agreed
to. We may as well work to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist upon my motion
to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to. •
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair.
CONSULAR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 150) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1863, and ad-
ditional appropriations for the year ending 30th
June, ISG^.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The bill had better
be read in full, as it is one of the appropriation
bills which has not been examined at all.
The bill was read in extenso.
The Clerk then commenced reading the bill by
sections for amendments.
The clause appropriating money to pay the sal-
aries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, &c.,
being under consideration,
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to amend by inserting,
after the word " Nicaragua," the word " Hayti."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a point
of order. It is, that there is no law authorizing
any such mission, and therefore the amendment
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair is advised
that there is no law establishing that mission, he
is of opinion that the point is well taken. The
Chair, however, will be advised if there is any law
upon that subject.
Mr.LOVEJOY. I do not know as there is any
such law, but I think it is discretionary with the
President to make these appointments. I think
lie has recommended a mission to that place.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests that
the rule in reference to amendments is imperative,
and for the information of the gentleman the rule
will he read.
The rule was read, as follows:
"No appiopriation shall be lcpoitcd in .suc'o general ap-
piopuiitmn hill*, or be in ouler jw nn amendment tbeieto,
for ;i,.y expenditure not pteviou<-!v autlionzed by l.nv. un-
lct-t- in continuation ot appi epilation- tor sueli public works
and objfXH a- air alu-adv in projric^, and for the contin-
gencies tor cariynigon the several depaitments of the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There was a law
passed upon this subject in 1852. I believe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There was a
law passed August 2, 3851, specially conferring
power upon the President to make these appoint-
ments. It is an unlimited powei. Tin- power
ought to be limited. I do not know but that there
may have been some excess in these appoint-
ments; but there is a law authorizing the Presi-
dent to make whatever consular appointments he
pleases.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state lo
the gentleman from Vermont that no appointment
