mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone ail prior orders and
proceed to the consideration of a resolution indi-
cated by him in relation to a quorum of the body.
Mr..SHERMAN. That question was carried,
and the Chair announced that the bill was post-
poned, and I rose to address the Chair on the res-
olution. _ . ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
advised that the motion of the Senator from Ohio
embraced only the postponement of the bill under
consideration, being Senate bill No. 200.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit the motion
to take up the resolution I have indicated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not better to have a
division on the question postponing the other bill ?
It was not understood. The Senator from New
York did not understand that it had been post-
poned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
was put upon the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to postpone the consideration of the bill then be-
fore the Senate—the bill taken up on the motion
of the Senator from New York. The question
was distinctly put and declared carried.
Mr. HARRIS. Will it be in order now to move
a reconsideration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly it
will.
Mr. HARRIS. I move a reconsideration of that
question.
Mr. POWELL. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAVIS, Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
begs Senators to allow the Chair an opportunity
to present the question to the Senate, that it may
be understood what is before the body. The Sen-
ator from New York now moves to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate postponed the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 200 until to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to inquire if the Sen-
ator from New York was in a position to make
that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless the
question is raised, unless the point is made, the
Chair always assumes that the Senator moving
to reconsider a vote is competent to do so by the
vote ho had previously given; that is, that he voted
with the majority.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no division.
Mr. HARRIS. I did not vote at nil.
The Pit ESI DENT pro tempore. Where a Sen-
ator gives no vote at tite time, and sits by without
voting, it is assumed Hint he votes with the ma-
jority; that is, he assents to the majority vote, and
is competent (o make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to ask if it is not com-
petent now In move to postpone the bill and this
mmi"H and all prior orders, for the purpose of
Caking up the resolution proposed by the Senator
from Ohio. If it is, I make that motion to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking that up.
The PRESl DENT pre tempore. The bill is not
before the Senate. The motion of the Senator
from New York is to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question of postpone-
ment, f think, takes precedence of a motion to re-
consider; otherwise the Senate may be occupied
in discussing questions of reconsideration all the
time.
Tile PRESIDENT pro tempore. That would
bo the rule but for the fact that a motion to recon-
sider is a privileged question of higher order than
b motion to postpone.
Mr. I-IALE. Lot me suggest that so far as the
privilege is concerned, the Senator lias got his
privilege when the motion is entered upon the
Calendar; but tile consideration of a motion to re-
consider is not a privileged subject. The Senator
has made his motion, and he has secured every-
thing he can secure by the privilege. Then it is
subject to the order of the Senate to postpone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has been
the practical construction given by the Senate to
that motion. The privilege is exhausted upon
making and entering the motion. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to postpone the mo-
tion of the Senator from New York 
Mr. HALE. And all prior orders.
Mr. COLLAMER. _ Permit me to inquire
whether, if that motion is postponed it can ever
come up again. It is a motion made now in rela-
tion to the relative position of business. That
relative position of business will have passed away
by to-morrow. I think, therefore, it is not a mo-
tion that is subject to postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is simply a
motion which, if carried, will bring business be-
fore the Senate. There is no practical business
before the Senate now, and this motion is a mere
naked motion, as much so as a motion to adjourn,
and a mere motion is not the subject of postpone-
ment; that is, it is not the subject of another mo-
tion, Piling motion upon motion is not in order,
because it is impracticable, it carries nothing with
it. The question recurs on the motion of the Sen-
ator from New York to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate postponed the consideration of
Senate bill No. S00.
Mr. HARRIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say that
I hope this vote will be reconsidered. The bill is
a very important one; we are approaching the
close of the session; and if it is to be acted upon
at all, it ought to be acted on speedily. It cer-
tainly is a bill that should have the consideration
of the Senate, and I hope it will not be postponed
for any other subject. Therefore, I trust we shall
reconsider the vote and proceed at once to act
upon the bill and dispose of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of this bill;
but there are quite a number of important amend-
ments, raising important questions, upon which
the yeas and nays will be called, and 1 do not be-
lieve we can pass the bill with the number ofSen-
ators that can attend to-day. The effect will be to
waste the day in %vearisome motions, calling for
yeas and nays, and sending for absent Senators.
I think, therefore, as we must meet the question
of a constitutional quorum, we had better settle it
now. Senators have made up their minds upon
that point, or can do so after a brief debate; and
if my resolution shall prevail, the Senate can then
take up this bill and pass it. I am in favor ofthe
hill, and I do not wish to obstruct it; but I really
believe my motion will tend to facilitate business,
and facilitate the passage of this important bill,
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator from
Ohio; I am in favor of this bill; I think it ought
to be passed; this Congress ought not to separate
without its passage; but then I am too familiar
with this Senate not to see that it cannot be con-
sidered to-day. I see that there are several points
in it on which there will necessarily be divisions;
and it is with difficulty, and only, if 1 may so say,
by drumming up Senators, that we get a quorum.
I think, therefore, the best economy would be that
this bill should be postponed, as I tried to suggest
to the Senator from New York when he first moved
it, to anothei day; I would say the earliest day
next week, when we may expect a quorum; for I
do not expect a quorum to-morrow or Saturday;
and I think, therefore, it would be better if this
bill were directly postponed until next Monday,
or allowed to go over informally until next Mon-
day, or made the special order, with the under-
standing that it then be proceeded with until it is
settled one way or the other. The Senator from
Ohio does not exaggerate its importance; it is as
important as any bill on which the Senate has
acted this session; and there ought to be a full
Senate when we act upon it.
Mr. TRUMHULL. I do not agree that we shall
be relieved ofthe difficulty by altering the number
which is required to constitute a quorum. It will
be found, if the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio shall prevail, that Senators, understanding
that a less number will constitute a quorum, will
not attend. Now, if it is understood to-day that
the Senate is prevented from doing business by
reason ofthe non-attendance of Senators, they will
soon be here. We have a quorum in the city, a
quorum about the building; we have had several
calls of the yeas and nays to-day, and a quorum
has voted; and surely Senators will not neglect
the public business, and absent themselves, when
they know that their presence isabsolutely neces-
sary to any action being taken in the Senate. I
think we shall have no great difficulty about a
quorum; but if you say that thirty is a quorum of
this body, or that twenty-five is a quorum, you
will have the same difficulty. I know Senators
who are staying here, as they say, to make a quo-
rum. How long will they stay when you change
the rule, and declare that half a dozen less shall
constitute a quorum? They will leave; you will
have about the same difficulty; and, in my expe-
rience in the Senate, there is a3 little difficulty in
keeping a quorum of the Senate now as there was
when the Senate was full. When every one of
the thirty-four Slates was represented, it was fre-
quently the case that the Senate found itself with-
out a quorum; and I think we had as much trou-
ble at former sessions as we have had at the present
one on that subject. We have forty-nine Sena-
tors; and surely, if Senators will attend to their
duties, we can keep thirty-five of them here.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish now to go into
the question ofaquorum. Ifthat question is taken
up, it will be then time to discuss it, but I wish to
appeal to my friend from Illinois to allow the other
question to be made the soecial order for Monday
next, when we have reason to believe we shall
have a full Senate. Let there be an understanding
that it shall be taken up then, and be proceeded
with until it is settled. As it is now, evidently
there was a surprise; Senators were not prepared
on so important a bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why should they not be?
Mr. SUMNER. That I cannot answer. The
fact is they were not, and as we are on the eve of
one ofthe holidays of the country, some Senators
have doubtless left for their homes; other Senators
are unhappily ill, not able to be here. We must
see things as they are; and under the circum-
stances of the case I think if the Senator from New
York, who has the bill in charge, will ask to have
it made a special order for Monday next, say at
twelve o'clock or one o'clock, as he may select,
the Senate will consent to it, and we can then pro-
ceed with that business.
Mr. HARRIS. I regard this bill as one of
very great importance in reference to the future
condition of our country, and I have been seeking
for the last two weeks to bring it to the attention
of the Senate, but other business of a pressing
character has prevented me from getting it before
the Senate. I have succeeded now in getting it be-
fore the attention of the Senate. I have no anxiety
as to the particular time when it shall be consid-
ered, but it is apparent to Senators that we are
approaching the close of the session. It is an im-
portantbill, on which there will no doubt bea con-
siderable diversity of opinion. It will excite some
debate. If it passes the Senate, it must be discussed
in the other House in order to become a law. My
fear is, that these delays will result in a defeat of
the measure; but if the Senate think that by making
it the special order for to-morrow or Monday it
can be then taken up by the general consent of the
Senate, and actcd upon without further delay, I
shall have, personally, no objection to thatarrange-
ment. Perhaps it would be better. I do not want
to press the bill on the attention of the Senate
when there is a disinclination to consider it. If,
•therefore, by general consent, it can be made a
special order for Monday at twelve o'clock, I shall
not oppose that arrangement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion to reconsider the
vote postponing this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw that motion if the
disposition I have indicated can bo made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call for
the yeas and nays can be withdrawn by general
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HARRIS. I move now to make the bill
the special order for Monday.
ThePRESIDENT;))'o(emjJO)T. The first ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote postponing the
bill till to-morrow.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I ask fora division on that ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator object to the withdrawal of the call for the
yeas and nays ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not object to the withdrawal
of the call for the yeas and nays. 1 merely want
the Senate to divide on the question of reconsid-
eration.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must obey the motions of Senators and put them
in their order. The Senator from Kentucky de-
mands a division.
The question being put, the ayes were twenty-
two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky demand a further count?
