1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3093
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is agreed to. The bill is now again before the
Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. Now I move that the bill be
postponed until Monday next, and made the spe-
cial order for twelve o'clock on that day.
Mr. COLLAMER. There was a misunder-
standing between the Senator from Kentucky and
the Chair about requiring a count.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the question which
the Chair submitted to the Senate to be this, "Will
the Senate postpone until Monday the motion to
reconsider the vote upon the bill as moved by the
Senator from New York?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
stated the question, and will restate it; and if there
was a misunderstanding on the part of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, the division will be carried
through. The Chair announced the affirmative
vote to be twenty-two, and asked the Senator from
Kentucky if he demanded a further count. The
Chair understood the Senator from Kentucky as
answering in the negative. The Chair then an-
nounced the vote to be carried, and that the mo-
tion to postpone the bill until to-morrow was
reconsidered. That brought the bill again before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from New
York moved that its further consideration be post-
poned until Monday next, and made the special
order of the day for twelve o'clock of that day.
Mr. DAVIS. The question upon which I asked
for a division of the Senate was the question upon
a reconsideration of the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was the
question upon which the division was taken.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; but I understood the
Chair, when the question was submitted to the
Senate, to announce it in this form: " Will the Sen-
ate postpone the motion to reconsider until Mon-
day?"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
Eut no such question; and no such question would
e in order.
Mr. DAVIS. That was my understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator now demand a further count on the motion
to reconsider the vote postponing this bill until
to-morrow?
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have that count.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Twenty-two
voted in the affirmative. Those in the negative
will rise and stand to be counted.
Those in the negative having stood in their
places and been counted,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
seven votes in the negative, no quorum voting,
which is the usual result of a division. There is
no quorum present and the business of the day is
suspended.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the yeas and na^s
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Clark, Collatner,
Cowan, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Giunes, Hai lan, (inn H, Fien-
derson, Howe, King, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Mori lit, Pomeroy, Shciman, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilier* and
Wright—28. ' "
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Fossenden, Hale, Howard, Ken-
nedy, Nesmith, Powell, Sauisbury, Stark, and Wilson of
Missouri—10.
So the motion to reconsider the vote ordering
the consideration of the bill to be postponed until
to-morrow was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I now move that the bill be
made the special order for Monday next, at twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds of the
Senate concurring therein.)
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take-up the
resolution jn regard to a quorum.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The resolution
will be read.
The resolution was read,-as follows:
Resolved, That a majority of the Senators duly elected
and entitled to seats in this body is a constitutional quorum.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, who reported the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient at the present time to take
action on the question involved in the resolution, and the
same is therefore hereby indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion reported by the committee is a mere motion
for the indefinite postponement of the resolution.
The question now before the Senate is on taking
up this resolution for consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the resolu-
tion indicated 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is not yet before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take it up and act
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is whether it shall be brought before the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope it will not be taken up.
As I suggested to the Senator from Ohio before,
it is very manifest that we cannot after a debate
get a vote on it to-day. I think it is demonstra-
ble from all our experience to-day that before we
have finished debating this resolution we shall
have no quorum. I think there are a number of
bills lying on the table that could betaken up and
acted on without a division and without trouble,
and we should thus get rid of a considerable
amount of business, and do a great deal of good.
I trust that the Senator from Ohio will not press
this resolution now, for although it is important,
I agree, it will result in nothing; it will come to
nothing in the end.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust wc shall have a vote
on this resolution. I will not detain the Senate
myself more than ten minutes. I think we can
have a vote, and we now have a quorum. I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Fessenden, Hale, liar-
Ian, llendeison, [Iowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pomeroy,Sherman,Simmons, Sumner, Wade,and
Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Biowning, Garllle, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Howard, Ken-
nedy, King. McDougall, Nesmith, Powell, Saulsbuty, Stark,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—22.
So the Senate refused to take up the resolution
for consideration.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask leave to introduce
a little bill to amend the Pacific railroad act, and
I desire to have it passed at once. It is simply
an amendment as to^the time of meeting of the
commissioners at Chicago, which is indefinite in
the law.
There bcin  no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 379) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same, for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 2, 1862, and it
was read the first time by its title.
Mr. KING. I do not know that there is any ob-
jection to the bill, but I ask that it be read through
that we may see what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
have its second reading at length.
The bill was read asccond time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the first meeting of the commissioners named in
the act entitled "An act to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary,and other purposes, "approved July 2,1862,
ana of the five commissioners directed by the act
to be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior,
shall be held at Bryant Hall, In the city of Chi-
cago, Illinois, on the second Thursday of August
next, at twelve o'clock, noon. A notice of the
meeting, to be signed by at least ten of the com-
missioners named in the act, is to be published
once a week, during the six successive weeks
commencing on the 12th of J uly, 1862, in one daily
newspaper in each of the cities of Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Chicago, and St.
Louis, and no other notice is to be requisite.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, as I heard the bill
read, that there is not time enough for the publi-
cation within the period prescribed. Let that part
of the bill be read again.
The Secretary read the portion of the bill in-
dicated.
Mr. HALE. There are not six weeks between
the 12th of July and the second Thursday of Au-
gust.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I propose to amend the
bill by fixing the firstTuesday of September as the
day.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
On motion ofMr. WADE,the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 357) to
provide a temporary government for the Territory
of Arizona.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill has
been acted upon as in Committee of the Whole and
reported to the Senate and the amendments dis-
posed of. It is still open to amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. Is it in order to have the bill
read as it now stands amended?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be read
again at length if a majority of the Senate so order.
The bill having been once read, it is not the priv-
ilege of every individual member to have it read
again. That is a matter within the control of a
majority.
Mr.* CARLILE. I should like to hear the bill
read, as it has been amended. I cannot get it in
print as it has been amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the Chair will take it to be the sense of
the Senate that the bill be read,as amended, before
the vote is taken on ordering it to a third reading.
The Secretary read the bill as amended, as
follows:
An act to provide a temporary government for the Territory
of Arizona.
Be it enacted by the Scjiate and 1-Iousc of Representatives
of the United Staiesof America in Congress assembled, That
all that part of the piesentTeiritory of New Mexico situate
west of a line running due youth from the point where the
southwest corner of the Tenitory of Colorado joins the
northern bonndaiy of the Terntoiy of New Mexico to the
southern boundaiy line of said *X'ei iJtoiy of New Mexico bp,
and the same is hereby, elected into a tempoiaiy govern-
ment, by the name of the Teiritory of Arizona: Provided,
That nothing contained in the ptovisions of this act shall be
consulted to prohibit the Cougie-*s of the United States liom
dividing said Terutory, or changing us boumhme-, in hitch
manner and at such time as it may deem piopei: Provided
jurlhcr, Thatsaidgovcmmcntshali be maintained and con-
tinued until such time as the people residing m said Ter-
ritory shall, with the consent of Congress, foim a State
govci nment, republican m form, as prescribed in the Consti
tutionof the United States, and apply lor and obtain admis-
sion into the Union as a State, on an equal footing with the
original States.
Sec. 2. JInd be it further enactcd, That the government
hereby authorized shall consistoi an executive, legisluth c,
and judicial power. The executive power shall be vested
in a Governor, who, in addition to his other duties, shall
be ex officio supei intendeni of Indian affairs, but shall ic-
ceive no additional salary therefor. The legislative power
shall consist of a Council of nine members and a House ot
Representatives of eighteen. The judicial power shall be
vested in a supreme'couit, to consist of thice judges, and
such inferior courts as the Legislative Council may by law
prescribe ; there shall also be a secietaiy, a marshal, a dis-
luet attorney, and a suiveyor general for said Territory,
who, together with the Governor, and judges of the su-
pieme court, shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the'Seiiate, and the term of
office for each, the mannei of their appointment, and the
powers, duties, and the compensation of the Governor,
Legislative Assembly, judges of the supreme court, secre-
tary , marshal, disttict attorney, and sui veyor geneial afore-
said, with their eP'rk?,draughtsman,dpputies,andsergeant-
at-arms,shall be such as are conferred upon the same officeis
by the act oiganizing the territoual government of New
Mexico, which subgidinate officeis shall be appointed in the
same manner, and not exceed in number those cieated by
said act; and the act amendatory thereto together with all
legislative enactments of the Territory of New Mexico
not inconsistent with the provisions of this aet, are hereby
extended to and continued in foice in the said Teiritoiyof
Arizona, until icpealed or amended by future legislation:
Provided, That no salary shall be due or paid the officers
created by this aet for more than thiee months before they
have entered upon the duties of their respective offices
within the said Territory. And, until otherwise provided
by the Legislature thereof, the seat of government of said
Territory shall he at Tucson : And provided further, That
no one session of the Legislative Assembly shall exceed
foity days in duiation.
Sec. 3. jind he it further enacted, That there shall neither
be slavery or involuntary servitude in the said Terntoiy,
otherwise than m the punishment ot crimes, whereof the
paities shall have been duly convicted ; and all acts and
parts of acts, either of Congiess or of the Tenitory of New
Mexico, establishing, regulating, or in any way iccogniz-
ing the relation of master and slave in the said Territory,
aie hereby repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, u Shall the amendment be engrossed and the
bill read a third time?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not intend to detain
the Senate at any length in regard to this question;
