8094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
but it seems to me that it is wholly unnecessary
to create this new Territory of Arizona. After
the former discussion on the subject, I sent to the
census office to ascertain the population in the
Territory, and I find that the population of the
county of Arizona in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, and there is no other county within the limits
of the proposed new Territory in which there is
any white population, is six thousand four hun-
dred and eighty-two. it seems to me that this is
not the time to be establishing a territorial govern-
ment down in Arizona for six thousand people,
with a Governor, a secretary, judges, marshals,
and a Legislature, all to be paid by the United
States. It looks to mo like a bill to provide places
for a number of persons. We have not posses-
sion there at this time. It la now a part of the
Territory of New Mexico. 1 see no necessity for
dividing that Territory. It will be said, perhaps,
that it is a Tenitory of large extent. Why, sir,
only a few years ago all the region of country be-
yond Iowa was in one territorial government.
The Territory of Dakota now is large enough for
several States, but it is uninhabited to a great ex-
tent except by Indians; and so with theTeiritory
of New Mexico, and in that pait of it which is
now proposed to b« organized into a separate ter-
ritorial government there aie but six thousand
people. I cannot see the necessity for creating
this tcrritoml government, unless it is to find
placcs'for officers who are to be paid, according to
the provisions of this bill, three months before
they enter upon the discharge of their duties.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow nv to ask the Sen-
ator how he ascertains six thousand to be the
number of the population.
Mr.TRUM HULL. The population of At izona
is six thousand four hundied.and eighty-two.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. That in the county.
Mr, TRUMBULL. There is not a white in-
habilrmt in any pot lion ot what is embraced in
your Tenitory of Arizona that is not in that
county.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. That is a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am informed by resi-
dents of New Mexico, who have lived there for
years, that the entire white population that is em-
braced within the proposed limits of the Territory
of Arizona is in the counts of Arizona.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. It is a mistake.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I may he misinformed,but
I should like to know what other county is in it.
If the Senator from California says 1 am misin-
formed, will he tell me any other county in the
present Territory of New Mexico that is embraced
within the limits of the proposed Territory of An-
zona, which has any white inhabitants m it? i
derive my information on this point fiotn a gentle-
man from New Mexico who has been there for
years, a gentleman of high inielhuence who lies
tiavejed all over the country and knows it well,
Who is at ihiy time a resident there, but happens
to be here temporarily.
1 do not propose to take up the time of the Sen-
Ate. I do not know thai there is much more to be
said about this bill. If the Congress of the United
States m prepared to create a*Territory for six
thousand inhabitants, when there is no special
urgency for it, be it so. 1 can Bee no occasion for
it. What is the demand for it ? It has been hinted
by some one that it is necessary to secure our au-
thority there. Civil officers cannot establish our
authority. If the autliorityof the United States
is not recognized in Arizona, the appointment of 1
a Governor and judges and marshals and clerks, '
and paying them't hree months'salary before they
enter on the discharge of their dunes, will no't
establish the authority of the United Slates. That
is to be done by force of arms, and you may as
well do it by force of arms without your Governor
and judges as with them. But vou have got a
Governor in New Mexico already. You have
judges in New Mexico enough to do the business,
as 1 understand; but if they are not enough, you
can add another, and assign him, if you please, to
that portion of the Territory of New Mexico em-
braced within the proposed limits of Aiizona; but
surely there ran be no necessity at this time, so
far as \ am informed, to establish a govornniynt,
with all its machinery '-ml oil the expenses that it
incurs. At the suggestion of the Senator from
, New York, [Mr. King,] I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until the
first Monday in December next.
Mr. WADE. I am very indifferent about this
motion, but 1 will say that the argument which
the Senator from Illinois has made against the
organization of this Territory, might have been
made against any Teiritory we have ever organ-
ized, because when we undertake to organize a
Territoi y, it always imposes upon the Govern-
ment some few officers who would not have been
under the pay of the Government without it.
That is about the. only reason he urges against it.
The organization of the Territory of Ai izona has
been a matter of constant importunity upon this
Government for more than seven years to my
certain knowledge, and there has always been an
uneasiness among that people about their being
attached to New Mexico. When you look at the
map, you will find that this Territory is of vast
extent and the settlements are widely apart. The
principal settlement in Arizona, as 1 understand,
is seven hundred miles from Santa Fc, the capi-
tal of New Mexico. It is found exceedingly in-
convenient for the officers in New Mexico to do
business there. There is almost a blank desert
between the two of some two hundred or tliree
hundred miles wide, that has to be passed, as I
understand, and (he people there ever since I have
been upon the Committee on Territoiios have
been urging Congress to organize this Territory.
That may have arisen in some measure from the
importunity of those who expect to be officers
there. I do not know how that is. 1 presume,
however, there never was a Territory oigamzed
where there was not somebody who uiged it upon
Congress for the purpose of getting into office
there. That I presume is always an element m
all these applications, but neveithcless we must
pioeeed upon higher principles entirely. If it is
necessary to organize a civil government there,
the fact that some persons will be appointed to
office does not form a very formidable objection
against the proposition.
The Senator says there are about six thousand
five hundred inhabitants in this Territory, I
know very well that in these troublesome limes
many of the inhabitants have temporally left
there. But from the best information that can be
had on the subject, I know that Arizona is a
country exceedingly rich in gold and silver, and
other minerals; it has attracted great attention in
various parts of the Unioi? on that account, and
many emigrants have gone there. Doubtless the
only lenson it does not settle upas fast as almost
any part of our new Tenitories is the msecunty
of the people who go there. They are driven
out eveiy little while by maiauding bands of In-
dians. That rendeis the .settlements exceedingly
inseeui e. Tin4 Depai tmeni of State that takes the
plineipal cognizance of the Tei ritories hasuiged
it upon me as absolutely necessary, to secure a
good go veinment the iv, that it should be organized
into a Terutory. You may send a military gov-
ernor there, if you will; you may invest him with
power, and he may reign there like a prince desp-
otically, but [ am not for that. I am very little
in favor of that mode of governing a Territory.
If it were an imperious necessity, I might be, will-
ing to submit, to it; but wherever it can be shown
that government can bo earned on through civil
authorities, it is much more m accordance with
oar ideas, than to invest a military chief with
despotic power to govern just as he pleases.
_ The Senator says wehave no hold in this Ter-
ritory. I believe that is a mistake. Some time
ago it was pretty much overrun; but, as I under-
stand, we now have possession substantially of
the whole ol the Territory, and we expect to have
possession of it all very soon, if wo have not now;
ami whenever we have it, we shall want to estab-
lish a civil government there, so that the people
can feel some degree of security that their rights
may be adjusted without a drum-head court-mar-
tial; that their mining rights can be recognized,
their titles to land investigated, and all those ques-
tions that interest men in the civil state be attended
to.
If these do not constitute reasons why this Ter-
ikory should be oiganized, let it go. It was the
judgment of the other House that it ought to be
organized. The Committee on Territories of this
body took up the question, obtained all the in-
formation they could find on the subject, and had
before them intelligent men who were of opin-
ion that the organization was necessary for the
welfare of the people inhabiting that region. {
believe it was the unanimous opinion of the Com-
mittee on Tenitoiies that, under all the circum-
stances, this Territory ought to be promptly or-
ganized. I know it was strongly urged on us by
the Secretary of Stife; but I leave it to the Sen-
ate; I am not going to make an elaborate argu-
ment upon it. I am convinced that it will be for
the best interests of this country, and the people
living (here, that we should otganize it.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Mr. President, it is per-
haps my duty to say something on thi* question,
as I think lam the only Senator who knowsany-
thing personally of the country proposed to be
oigamzed into a Territory. I have traveled all
over that country, and I understand its necessi-
ties. The Rio Grande goes down to the Gulf of
Mexico, the Gilagoes into the Colorado and down
the Gulf of California. They drain differentscc-
tions of country.
It is, as has been stated by the Senator from
Ohio, seven hundred miles from Santa Fe to Tuc-
son, the place named as the capital town of the
Territory to be organized. It is not seven hun-
died miles by railroad; it is not seven hundred
miles by stages; it is seven hundred miles, much
of it a desert and uninhabited country. They are
distinct parts of the world. New Mexico is not
as important to this Government as Arizona is.
The huge mining interests ofArizonaand its fine
agricultural advantages also, induced a great many
enterprising men of ourown people to go into that
country some years since. They have been pai tly
driven out, it is true. The population cannot be
enumerated now as large as it should be enumer-
ated. It is one of the finest parts of the world,
rich in mineral wealth, rich in agricultural re-
sources. It is our southern frontier which we
acquired with great caie, and i think with some
wisdom. Thousands of our people who adven-
tured their fortunes there have been driven out.
That is their misfortune and the nation's loss. It
would be wise if at all times we had maintained
our frontier, and particularly our southern fron-
tier in relation to Mexico. The country winch
is proposed to be oiganized now would be worth
three times New Mexico if there was a govern-
ment there; but the Government of New Mexico
at Santa Fe has no strength at Tucson. It would
take fast riders from Santa Fe a fortnight to find
Tucson. The judges of the courts in New Mex-
ico cannot get to Tucson without guards and es-
corts. They are distinct portions of the country.
Arizona should be organized; and I say this, not
by way of aigutnent, but by way of expressing
an opinion, an infoimcd opinion, having been
through all that country, that it is due to that
country and to the people who have gone to in-
habit it and who havemillions invested there, that
they should have a form of government, and I
trust the Senate will concur in passing the bill.
• The PRESlDENT;j>-o tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill until the first Monday of De-
cember.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Th:s is a qnesflon in
which our people feel a great deal of interest, and I
hope no Senator will be influenced in casting his
vote by the statement made by the Senator from
Illinois that there are but six thousand inhabitants
in this I errnory. It is true they may not be there
now, but the same remark holds good as to Mis-
somi, Kentucky, and Virginia. The people of
Arizona have been diivcn out of Arizona by the
confederate armies. It is true—I suppose known
to the Senator from Illinois—I have heard it, and
never heard it contradicted, that the confederate
government have framed a teiritorial government
for Ai izona and have appointed their own officers.
Our people think that such a movement should be
made on our part that citizens may return to the
country, may be invited to return, and to have
socuuty for their civil rights.
-Mr. rRUMBULL. That there may be no mis-
understanding in regard to the population, i will
say that I have before me a list of the population
taken in 1860 before this rebellion broke out, be
fore anybody was driven from Arizona by the
rebels, and the population at that time was but
six thousand four hundred and eighty-two.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator from
Illinois must be aware of the manner in which a
