1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
that motive? Would not that be the probable
consequence ? Although the President would not
do it himself, I say there are persons who from a
desire to court favor would, without doubt, enter
upon the agitation of that question in those States.
I am sure there is no gentleman here who would
do it. I give purity of motive to all my fellow-
members upon this floor.
But 1 warn you, gentlemen, if you want to suc-
ceed in the suppression of this rebellion, that you
will do nothing towards the accomplishment of
your purpose by entering upon the policy marked
out by this resolution. You have a double object
-to accomplish. You want not only to crush out
the insurrection, but to crush out hostility. You
want to unite the different sections of this coun-
try in one harmonious whole. You want again
to see our own loved Republic. That is what we
want. Let us aim at that, and at that alone, leav-
ing out altogether this perplexing and unhappy
controversy about slavery. Reconcile ourselves
first to the Constitution of the United States. That
we ore first to do. Are you reconciled to it ? You
admit that it leaves it to the States to have or not
to have the institution of slavery. Are you rec-
onciled to act in strictconformity to the spirit and
letter of the Constitution and allow that institu-
tion to remain strictly within the control of the
States ? Are you making m this way a species of
collateral warfare against States which are stand-
ing side by side with you in this warfare against
rebellion? I do not know that anything could
drive them from your side in this contest. Hut 1
appeal to you, in your gallantry, m your liberal-
ity, in your duty to the Constitution, to maichup
to this great purpose,and thisalone, and achieve,
as you will achieve for yourselves, a great name
in history.
But if you fritter away your time upon these
comparatively small issues of oui internal State
policy, no man can foresee what will be the con-
sequences. If you fail in the accomplishment of
this great object, how will you be recorded in his-
tory? If in consequence of these paltry small
bickerings and side quarrels you fail in this con-
testant tins country be broken up into fragments,
how will you answer to future generation* for
your conduct? Let it not be said that you frittered
away your energies upon comparatively iinim-
portantissues while anempire was trembling in the
balance; that you preferred the smaller work to the
greater one; that you were moie competent to that
than for the greater woi k in which we aic engaged.
Mr. Speaker, lam proud of my connection with
this body in the great events (hat are occumn^
around us in connection with this war. I am proud
to have a share in the record that history shall
make of the action of this Congress upon the
greatest occasion in which the experience of our
country ever presented opportunity for action, i
want this body to stand above all questions, so
that m future it may be said of us that we looked
to our country and to our country only; that we
sought only to protect the Constitution; that we
obeyed it ourselves in all things; that wc held u
up befoie us as our shield; and that we tuumphed
over all obstacles. X will not detain the House
longer.
IVJLr. FISEXER. X am not placed, Mr. Speaker,
in the same delicate position in reference to this
resolution which my excellent friend and neighbor
from the eastern shore district of Maryland has
informed this House he occupies. lie tells us,
sir, that he is a slaveholder, (and I may pioperly
add, peihaps, that he is one among the largest
slaveholders in this House, if not the very largest,)
and that lie should feel a delicacy in voting for
this resolution holding out to the slaveholders the
pecuniary aid of the General Government, be-
cause it might look as though he had a personal
interest m voting money into his own pocket. He
also says that he has not yet had an opportunity
since the proposition has been before the House
to communicate upon the subject with his con-
stituents, and learn their views in refeieiu.e to
the propiiety of its adoption by Congress. I am
not in either category. 1 have talked much with
those of my constituents moie immediately inter-
ested in this subject, and although representing
on this floor a siaveholding State, (though she is
only nominally siaveholding,) and one m which,
I deeply regret to say that the madness of pro-
slavery sentiments with a considerable class of
individuals rages as virulently and as deeply as it
does anywhere, even in the State of South Caro-
lina or Virginia, yet I am not myself a holder of
any slaves, nor do I consider my self bound to stand
here to advocatc exclusively the interests of that
small class of men in my State who hold slaves,
(numbering, all told,less than six hundred,) but
as the Representative of the people of the State
generally. While I would be watchful to see that
the interest of the siaveholding portion of my con-
stituency shall receive no wrong, if in my power
to avert that wrong, yet I feel that the highest
duty which I owe to those who sent me here is
to look with scrupulous regard and vigilant eye to
the interest of the toiling thousands who make up
the great bulk of my people, and whose labor,
after all, makes up the wealth of the State. I re-
peat, sir, that I stand not here to-day as the spe-
cial Representative of slaveholders, and am free
from the embarrassment of owning any slaves
myself. I once owned some, but the last of these,
through bills of manumission, under the opera-
tion of the laws of our State, have become eman-
cipated .
Sir, X was reared and nurtured in the lap, upon
the very bosom of slavery. I have seen it in all
itsgood and evil forms and phases; and 1 will here
say that they who see nothing but unmitigated
wrong and oppression and inhumanity m the sys-
tem are quite as much at fault as they who regard
it as an institution divine in its oiigin and chws-
tianizing in all its influences and opctations. 1
think X can duly appreciate, therefore, from the
position which 1 ha\e occupied, that of gentlemen
who represent the nioro southern of what are com-
monly known as the border slave States. I know
they desire and they ought to have time to consult
the sentiments and views of their respective con-
stituencies upon this most grave and interesting
proposition. I con readily understand how they
should feel an indisposition to have the question
pushed upon them with undue haste, fori believe
they desire to meet it in the same spirit which has
prompted the President to present it to our con-
sideration. But, Mr. Speaker, with all due respect
for the situation of my friends from flic other bor-
der States who have spoken in this debate, and
with becoming deference to their judgment and
opinions, I must be allowed to say that I think
they are altogether mistaken in the view which
they have taken of the meaning of this resolution,
ami of the message in which the President has
been pleased to present it.
The venerable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
WiciiLiFFii,] who first addressed I he House in
opposition to (ho resolution, has, in my humble
judgment, totally misconceived its spirit and mis-
calculated its effect and operation. He seems to
regard it as the forerunner of a series of measures
of confiscation and emancipation by which the
institution of slavery is suddenly and violently to
be uprooted m all the border, and, indeed, in all
the seceding States; and my venerable and dis-
tinguished friend, his colleague, at whose feetand
from whose hps 1 received some of my earliest les-
| Hons in the wholesome doctrines of the old Whig
| party, [Mr. Crittenden,] and to whom I have
I always looked as much as to any man in the coun-
try for guidance and instruction upon all the $reat
questions peitaining to our national affairs, 1 am
sorry to see, has followed in the wake of his col-
league and taken the same erroneous view relative
to the tendency oftlns resolution and the propriety
of its adoption.
Gentlemen over the way, sir, seem to think that
the proposition contained m this resolution, which
is word for word the same as that presented by
the President in his message for our consideration,
i is to be received and regarded, not as a matter of
option upon the part of the siaveholding States re-
spectively—a proposition which they may reject
or adopt, just as they may choose to determine—
but as a threat upon the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment, it adopted by Congress, a virtual declara-
tion of intention that if the slave States do not of
their own accord adopt a policy of emancipation,
they will be forced into it by the power of the Gen-
eral Government. Mr. Speaker, 1 am utterly at
<v loss to conceive how any such construction can
be placed upon a resolution so plain and a message
so faiily and honestly worded. To my mind, it
seems unfair and really unkind to attempt to place
any such strained construction upon either the res-
olution or the message. I look upon them m n
very different light. 1 regard the policy contem-
plated by the President, not as an entering wedge
for a series of measures of confiscation and eman-
cipation under the war power of the Goveimment,
but as altogether a counter project to any such se-
ries of measures. I regard it, sir, as but a reas-
sertion of the principle which has been always
recognized by both the old Whig and Democratic
parties that the people of each State shall be left
free at all times to regulate their own domestic in-
stitutions in their own way. I look upon it as a
proposition intended to manifest in good faith upon
the part of the President and his administration,
and all who vote for its adoption, an intention to
leave the States entirely free to select their own
time and mode of emancipation, or to reject the
system altogether, and as a pledge of faith on their
part to perpetrate no injustice to any southern
State. Could I believe that the purpose of the
President or those who favor this resolution was
a mere trap or sham—could I suppose for a mo-
ment that it means that if we do not in each of the
siaveholding States immediately or at some early
day inaugurate a rapid scheme of emancipation,
then the whole power of the Federal Government
should be exerted to compel us to it, State by State,
upon the principle of French elections, I would be
among the last to give it any countenance what-
ever.
But, sir, I do not thus regard it. I rather view
it as an olive branch of peace and harmony and
good faith presented to the border States, and in-
deed to all the southern States—even those which
have seceded. 1 see in its adoption a settlement
and a final settlement of all angry discussion and
agitation upon this tenible question of slavery,
which comes up het e and in almost all public de-
liberative bodies m this count) y, like Satan among
the sons of God, to afflict and destroy our happi-
ness and prosperity. X heai, in its kindly invita-
tion, the voice of the mighty North, composed of
twenty millions office white men—men who labor
for themselves—having the power now to over-
run and lay waste the entire southern country and
liberate its slaves, speaking to us language like
this: " We know as you know, that slavery has
been the hot-bed in which treason has been nur-
tured: we know it is the cockatrice's egg, the Pan-
dora's box, whence issued this most atrocious and
wicked rebellion; but we know, too, that slavery
was fastened upon the countiyfar back in the
past,and that our fatheis were as much responsi-
ble for it as yours; we look upon it as the most
serious curse which was ever inflicted upon our
people, but you have your constitutional lights,
which we intend most scrupulously to regard.
We know that the profits of the introduction of
slavery from Africa into the American colonics
were largely shared in by our ancestors at the
North, and we do not intend that you shall be
called upon to deliver up your slaves under any
power which may be asserted in the prosecution
of this wai; we do not want to confiscate your
slaves first and free them afterwards, or without
compensation ever."
Sir, this resolution says in the plainest possible
terms that the Federal Government, which is now
and will be for at least three yeaisto come in the
hands of the North; which is controlled and ad-
mmisteied almost exclusively by northern men;
nay, sir, if you please, conducted by a President
and Cabinet and Congress installed by the Repub-
lican party; that this Government will wait, that
it will bide its time for the emancipation of slaves
in cach particular State until each shall, of its own
volition, come forward and incept for itself a,phm
or system of emancipation which will be just to
all. an infringement of no man's rights, and in no-
wise a \iolation of the letter or spirit of our Fed-
eral Constitution. But further, it says that inas-
much as the people of the JNoith, who were the
carriers in the inception of this grand system of
slavery, inasmuch as by being the carriers of the
slaves from the shores of Africa to this continent
they made large profits, inasmuch as they have
put large gains m their pockets hv the business of
slave-dealing, and to that extent have been par-
ticipants in fastening this great evil upon the peo-
ple of the country, they will, in the event of the
innuauuition by any State of a scheme of emanci-
pation, not permit the whole expense of emanci-
pation and colonization of the slaves to fall upon
the people ot the State alone; butin a spirit of jus-
tice and equity, amounting, in my view, to mag-
nanimity, will cheerfully hear upon their shoul-
