152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
be hereafter appointed, unless authorized by law hereafter
to be passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment proposes to alter an existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The pointof orderiswell
taken. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend in the eighty-
third line by striking out "three" and inserting
" twenty-one,"so that it willread$321,000. That
amendment is necessary in consequence of the
addition of other officers made by the committee.
Mr.P. A.CONKLING. Iaskthcmoverofthia
amendment how the addition of §18,000 is to be
apportioned? To be more precise, I ask him what
proportion of it does he propose to apportion to
the consulate general at Florence, in Tuscany?
Mr. HOOPER. Two thousand dollars of that
sum is to be appropriated for the consul general
at Florence, and $1,500 to each of the other con-
sulates that have been added to the bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING-. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. COX. I rise to oppose the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to suggest to the gen-
tleman, if lie will allow me, that this addition to
the footing up is rendered necessary by the amend-
ments already adopted.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would say in reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that I dis-
tinctly understand that. I simply desire to know
what amount it is proposed to give the consul gen-
eral at Florence, and what amount it is proposed
to give to the several consulates created by tins bill.
I now move as an amendment to the amendment,
that the sum appropriated in the cighty-sccond
and eighty-third lines shall be increased from
$321,000 to $324,000. I offer this amendment with
the purpose of moving, at the proper time, that
Zurich, in Switzerland, and Dresden, in Bavaria,
be inserted in the body of the section as places for
consulates.
Mr. COX. I oppose these amendments. I
think that before the committee passes on these
matters, it ought to have an understanding about
them. I do not believe that the committee un-
derstands fully and precisely to what consulates
this appropriation is to be dedicated. 1 would
like the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] to specify how this additional sum is
to be apportioned. We do not fully understand
it here. I urn opposed to making any additional
appropriation for the consul general at Florence.
There is not much for a consul to do at Florence.
It is a sort of an easy, good place, where a man
would like to be exiled. It is a place whore he
can live cheaper than he can in almost any other
part of Europe; and where people of wealth and
respectability, like the consul appointed by the
present Administration, would lather like to go
than otherwise. I think, Mr. Chairman, thattlmt
is the very last consulate which ought to receive
an increase of salary. There are no American
commercial interests there to be attended to, that
I know of. It is an inland place. Now I can sec
a propriety in increasing the salaries of those con-
suls who go to Hayti or San Domingo, for I would
not go to live in those latitudes with yellow fever,
a negro population, and all that sort of thing,
without a very large increase of salary.
I think that this matter has not been fully un-
derstood by the Committee of Ways and Means;
and I should like to see an appropriation made
for the put pose of furnishing a colored map to
that committee, that they may examine it fully
and carefully.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I want to ask my coilcague
whether the appointment of consul to Huyti lias
been tendered to him?
Mr. COX. Oh, no, sir. I never expect it; but
I have no doubt that my colleague will some day
have a tender of it. I believe the people of his
State think that the sooner it is tendered to him
the better. I have no doubt that the gentleman
will do the State of Ohio a great benefit by the
prompt acceptance of the position whenever the
tender is made. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that this discussion is not strictly in order.
The question was taken on Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling's amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooter's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WATTS. I move to amend the first sec-
tion in the ninety-sixth line by inserting, after the
word " States," the words " and Territories."
The paragraph would then read:
To enable the Secretary of State to have prepared and
transmitted to the Executive ot the several States and Ter-
ritories having boundaries with foreign States a competent
number of authentic copies of the settlement of such bound-
aries, and the maps and charts relating thereto, and the evi-
dence thereof m the State Department, §10,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I can see no good reason for
that amendment. We have no foreign territo-
ries that we have any boundaries with that I am
aware of.
Mr. WATTS. I believe the object of this pro-
visions to furnish an authcnticcopyofthc bound-
aries of any State of the United States which bor-
ders upon a foreign State. Now, there is just as
much propriety in furnishing the Territories,
whose boundaries arc connected with any foreign
State with authentic copies of these surveys, as
there is for furnishing any State so situated; and
there are certainly more Territories connected with
foreign countries than there are States so con-
nected. If these States are to be furnished with
authentic copies of their boundaries, I see no rea-
son why the same privilege should not be accordcd
to the Territories.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to increase the appro-
priation in the seventh line of the second section
to $38,491 98. The paragraph would then read
as follows:
For compensation of salaries to sundry consuls, under
the act of 2d August, 1881, $38,491 98.
I will state that this amendment is rendered
necessary by the additional estimates sent down
from the State Department since the bill was pre-
pared.
Mr. COX. I have not a word to say in refer-
ence to this amendment, if we can have a vote
upon it in the House. But I want an opportunity
of a distinct vote by the House, whether or not,
when a consul has been appointed with a fixed
salary, perfectly understood on his part, we are
prepared to increase it, especially when it is am-
ple for the performance of all the services required.
I give notice that I shall demand a separate vote
upon this amendment in the House.
Mr. HOOPER. For the information of the gen-
tleman I will remark that this increase is required
to meet the salaries of consuls authorized to be
appointed under the act of 2d August, 1861, for
which no appropriation has been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I propose to amend by adding
at the end of the bill, as follows:
fc'rc. 3. And Ov U fuithcr cna< tuK That all consnlat officcs
the annn-il salary of winch e\ee:'d* $1.000. icspeotively,
shall be attached to schedule 13, of tlie act of 18th August,
1806, and be subject to the piovi&ions oi the liith section
of said act.
Mr. COX. I lise to a question of order. That
amendment is not in ordui. It makes a new pro-
vision of law which cannot be attached to an ap-
propriation bill under the rules.
Mr. HOOPER. With the permission of the
committee, I will explain the object of the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman that the point has been made that
the amendment is not m order.
Mr. HOOPER. I presume when I explain the
object of the amendment no objection will'be made
to it.
By the act of the last session, consuls desig-
nated under the heading of "Schedule IV' in-
cluding all consuls having salaries over §1,000, arc
prohibited from trading. My object is to bring
the new appointments within that rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman, however,
will readily perceive that his amendment does not
come within the rule of the House; and as the
question has been raised, the Chair is compelled
to rule it out of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggestto the Chair-
man that a distinction has usually been made in !
reference to such propositions of independent
legislation. It has been held that it is m order to
limit appropriations by a proviso attached, al-
though the proviso of itself involves independent
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will per-
ceive, however, that the amendment now proposed
is an independent section, having no control what-
ever over the expenditure of any of the money
appropriated by the bill. It is in its nature en-
tirely independent and distinct in its legislation;
and the opinion of the Chair is that the point is
well taken.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 150) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1803, and additional appropriations for
the yearending 30th June, 1862, and hadinstructed
him to report the same back to the House, with
sundry amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The amendments were then taken up for con-
sideration.
First amendment:
In line fifty-three, under the head of" Consuls General,"
inseit '• and Florence."
Mr. EDWARDS. I supposed when that
amendment was adopted in committee it was really
making a change in some consulship; but from
the reading now I take it to be the establishment
of anew consulship. I ask the gentleman who
proposed it, therefore, whether such consulship is
authorized by law?
Mr. STEVENS. It was authorized several
years ago.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection to it.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays upon
its adoption.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In relation to
this consulship I will remark that since the abro-
gation of the Government of Naples, Florence
has been deemed of sufficient importance for the
appointment of a consul general. Although it
has not heretofore been deemed a place of much
commercial importance, it has been thought best
now to appoint a consul general to reside there.
A gentleman is now filling the post, employing a
secretary at his own expense, and discharging the
duties of the office. He is a gentleman in every
way competent for the placc. Although 1 am
strongly opposed generally to tlie increase of sal-
aries, I am led to believe there is propriety in
having a consul general at this point.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The office of
objecting to this amendment is not, under the
circumstances, the most gracious and pleasant in
the world, and yet I feel it my duty to object to it,
and to call the attention of the House to the facts
as I understand them. I do not know the gentle-
man who is now discharging the duties of this
place, but I do understand that a gentleman of
high respectability and large wealth has beeii ®m-
inatcd and confirmed as consul genera) at Flor-
ence. I understand, also, that he was appointed
because the appointment was sought by himself,
and at his instance by his friends" And tlie ap-
plication rested upon the fact that there was no
pay annexed to the place, but that it afforded a
pleasant entree and for various reasons would be
agreeable and satisfactory to him because he was
able to hold it without salary, and because it would
be agreeable to take it upon these terms. I say
I understand the application was rested upon that
ground, that it was placed upon that ground ex-
pressly; but subsequently, within, as I understand,
quite a recent period, at the instance of the friends
ot the gentleman to whom I refer, a petition was
circulated asking a salary not of <52,000, but of
$1,500, to be annexed to the place. Now, I believe
that under the circumstances, no salary ought to
be given, and assuredly I believe that the incum-
bent of the place having suggested a salary of
£1500, or his friends having'suggested it in" the
shape of a petition, to which signatures have been
obtained in this House, it is exceedingly gratui-
tous at this time for us to volunteer not only a
salary, but a salary larger than has been requested.
Mr. MAYNARD I would like to know
whether the responsibilities of that placc are in-
creased at all since the present incumbent went
