THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3095
census is taken in a Territory. Our State was a
Territory at that time; and the officers received
specific instructions in our Territory not to count
the inhabitants west of a certain meridian. They
did not pretend to take the census of the Terri-
tory, either of Kansas or New Mexico, but took
the inhabitants up to a certain meridian, and the
census was confined to the population east of the
sixth principal meridian. The Senator from Illi-
nois also ought to boar m mind that the bounda-
ries of the present Territory of Arizona, as con-
tained in this bill, were not the boundaries speci-
fied in the census before. It embraces a larger
scope of country and more population; and the
census has never yet been taken in a Territory,
excepting m one or two counties where the ma-
jority of the people happen to reside.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
statement to the Senate. The Treasury Depart-
ment some two or three years ago, perhaps it was
longer, appointed a custom-house officer for this
Territory, and he is still continued in office, show-
ing the necessity of a government, I think. You
will never settle up a Territory if you wait to get
population. Government should go before. If
you expect to settle up these new countries you
must send government as the frontiersman. When
we get one hundred thousand population, we es-
tablish a State government; in Kansas, I believe,
the population was less than that. The argument
with me has no force. I am one of the men who
believe that the question of population should not
be asked at all, even as to a State government.
The only question we should ask is, arc the peo-
ple of the Territory willing to take upon them-
selves the burdens of a State government? The
argument here has less force.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 13; as follows:
YE VS—Mosm-, Carlile, Clark, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden,
Foster,Grime-. 11.tie, fJarlan, Il.iri is, ricudeu-on, Howard,
Kennedy, Ivintr, Lane o! Iii(ii>ui<i}Mon ill, NcmiiiiIi, Powell,
Salisbury, Slieirnan, Staik, Ten Eyek, Tnimhnll, YViKon
of Mihsnuii,and Wiight—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anlhony, Uiownmjr, Chandler, Cowan,
Foot, Howe, Lane ot Kansas, MeDongall, J'omeroy, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Wade, and Wiley—1J.
So the consideration of the bill was postponed
until the first Monday of December next.
DES MOINES KIVEH LAND GRANT.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 119) confinmnga land claim in the
States of Iowa and Minnesota, and for other pur-
poses; the question being upon the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert:
That the grant of lands to the then Territory of Iowa for
the nnpiovenient of the De< Moines i iver, made by the act
of August 1816, i> heieby extended->o as to include the
alternate actions (designated by odd numbers) lying within
<ive miles ol'saul nvrr^ between the llaceoou loik and'the
northern bound,ny of s-.ud rttate; such land* ate to be held
and applied in itecoulanee with the piovisnms of tho oil-
gmal giant, except that the consent of Confess is hereby
given to the applieation of a poition theieoi to aid in the
const!notion ot the Keokuk, Fort Dos Moines, and Minne-
sota railroad, in aecoidnnec with the ptovwons of the act
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, approved
March 22, 1838. And if any ol said lands shall have been
sold or otherwise dtapohed of by the United States befoie
the passage of this act, the Secretary of the; Interior is
hereby directed to sei apart an equal amount ol lands within
said State to be certified in lieu theteoi': Provided, That it
the said State >ball have sold and conveyed any portion of
the lands lying within the limits of this grant the title of
which lias pioved invalid, any laiuN which shall be certi-
fied to said State m lieu theieof, by virtue ol the provisions
of this act, shall inuin to and be held as a trust fund for
the benefit of the person or peisons, respectively, whose
titles shall have failed as aforesaid.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by inserting after the word
<kact," in the seventeenth line, the woids, " ex-
cepting those released by the United States to the
giantees of the State of Iowa under the joint res-
olution of March 2, 186*2;" so as to make it read:
4nd if any of .said lands shall have been sold or othei wise
disposed o! by the United States helot c the passage of this
act. excepting those icleased by tiie United States to the^
grantees of the State of low.i under the joint resolution ot
March 2, 1863, the Seoretmy of the fnterioi is hereby di-
rected to set apart an equal amount ol laud, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment,as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred 111. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended so as to read, " A bill confirming a land
claim in the State of Iowa, and for other pur-
poses."
ANDREW TEN BROECK.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate take up for con-
sideration the bill for the relief of Andrew Ten
Broeck.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
3G8) for the relief of Andrew Ten Broeck was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for the payment to
Andrew Ten Broeck, late consul of the United
States at Munich, for extraordinary services ren-
dered by him under instructions from the Secre-
tary of State, $2,6G6 66.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Harris, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, by which it appears that on the 12th of
March, 18.">9, Mr. Ten Broeck, then being the con-
sul of the United States at Munich, with a salary
of $1,000 per annum, was instructed by the As-
sistant Secretary of State to make certain repre-
sentations to the Bavarian Government in relation
to the compulsory enlistment of American citi-
zens who had emigrated from Bavaria, upon their
return to that country. From that time until the
J 4th of November, 18(51, embracing a period of two
years and eight months, a diplomatic correspond-
ence, both voluminous and important in its char-
acter, and successful in its result, was carried on
between Mr. Ten Broeck and the Bavarian au-
thorities. The correspondence itself occupies
nearly two volumes of the documents ill the State
Department. In view of these facts the committee
are of opinion that the salary received by Mr.
Ten Broeck, as consul, is an entirely inadequate
compensation for his valuable and laborious ser-
vices, and they recommend that an additional al-
lowance be made to him at tho rate of $1,000 per
annum for the period of two years and eight
months, the time during which he was engaged
in these duties.
Mr. HALE. I hope the bill will not be passed.
I think it would be a dangerous precedent, worse
than the one my friend from Massachusetts had
up yesterday, altogether worse. This man did
not travel, did not go out of his place. He was
simply the acciedited consul there, and the Gov-
ernment conesponded with him.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire to wait a moment now and look at
this matter. I know something about it. I have
in my hand the correspondence of Mr.Ten Broeck
upon the subjects referred to in this report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations; hut before I call
the attention of the Senate to that, I want to state
a fact. The population of Bavaria is between six
and seven millions. The salary of our consul
there was §1,000 a year. Mr. Ten Biocck was
sent out as consul under that salary. Commenc-
ing at the time mentioned in the report, diplo-
matic communications were forwarded to him from
the Department of State by General Cass, involv-
ing questions of the liberty of American citizens,
involving marriage rights, involving questions of
commerce, for our commerce with Bavaria is im-
mense. In the single article of looking-glasses,
it is over a million dollars a year. I have here
the first dispatch of General Cass, covering three
pages. We have but one consul receiving a salary
of §1,000 a yeai in this kingdom of six or seven
million people. Among other things, during my
service abroad, I was authorized by the Depail-
ment to visit there on a question affecting the lib-
erty of citizens. I found there Mr. Ten Broeck
and his family. I found that he had conducted
the business very well. It is nothing but right,
in the language of this report, that he should be
paid an additional sum from the time he com-
menced diplomatic correspondence. His corre-
spondence is more voluminous than that of many
ministers to whom you pay $7,000 a year. He
represented this country in a kingdom containing
more people than many to whom we pay $7,000.
This is simply a proposition to allow a compen-
sation of §1,000 a year for two years and a few
months while he conducted diplomatic corre-
spondence. It was impossible for him to live at
the salary allowed him.
Gentlemen may say, as they said yesterday in
regard to another case somewhat similar, that the
officer went out under a law fixing a certain salary.
That is true; but gentlemen should look at the
actual condition of things. In the case of Bremen,
which was up yesterday, we increased the salary
$1,000 a year. In this case you must increase the
salary or give up all communication with Bavaria.
How can you expect that in a country of seven
millions of people, with a commercial intercourse
with this country amounting to millions, the whole
of the official duties shall be put in the hands of
a consul at a salary of $1,000 a year? There are
important questions arising affecting the liberty
of citizens, because there are naturalized citizens
who emigrated from Bivana to this country, who
are going back there continually. I went there
myself, as I have said, under instructions of this
Government, and spent a week with this gentle-
man, and with the minister of foreign affairs of
Bavaria in regard to matters involving the liberty
of three of our citizens. They had some very
rigid and barbarous laws, and this gentleman suc-
ceeded very well, and I undertake to say that his
correspondence covers more ground than that of
your ministers at Denmark, at Sweden, and at
the Hague, with Switzerland thrown in; he had
more duties to perform; they were more multi-
farious; he had larger responsi&ili ties on his hands.
Our committee now have finally agreed, I under-
stand, with the sanction of the State Department,
simply to make him compensation at the rate of
$1,000 a year for the time he discharged diplo-
matic duties. I would respectfully refer the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to his correspondence
which I have in my hand; he has not examined it.
Mr. HALE. 1 would not read it for $1,000 a
year. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. I suggest to the Senator from
New York whether, there being manifest oppo-
sition to this bill, so that there will necessarily be
a division upon it—I do not say tho opposition is
well founded—it would not be better to let it be
laid aside, that we may proceed with something
else.
Mr. SUMNER. Need there be a division?
Mr. FOSTER. I do not say that there need
be, but it is manifest that there will be.
Mr. SUMNER. I havfc not seen that yet.
Mr. IIALE. I will state my reasons for op-
posing the bill. The suggestions made by the
Senator from Indiana would go to show either
that we ought to have a diplomatic representative
at Bavaria,"or that wo ought to pay a higher salary
to the consul; but this matter of patching up these
Jobs, and paying a consul extra compensation on
account of his duties is of evil example. If the
salary is inadequate, raise it; if you want a dip-
lomatic representative there, provide for one by
law; but do not go on and hold out to the world
that here is a consul with a salary of $1,000 a
year, and that if he does anything you will give
him another $1,000. Make the salary $2,000,
$3,000, or $10,000, if the emergencies of the pub-
lic service demand it; or provide for a diplomatic
representative; but do not adopt this mode, lam
decidedly opposed to it.
Mr. GRIMES. My great objection to it isthat
the idea upon which it is asked is that Mr. Ten
Eyck [Ten Broeck] as our consul has published
a very voluminous book, and because of that we
are asked to give him an additional salary. The
result will be that all our consuls svill get into ex-
tended correspondence with foreign Courts and
municipal authorities where they are locate.*], and
we shall have imposed upon us the burden of pub-
lishing just such books as the Senator from Indi-
ana holds in his hand, emanating from ^ach one
of our consuls.
Mr. HALE. And extra numbers will be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. It will cost us millions of dol-
lars in public printing on the principle upon which
the Senator from New York in his report puts it,
and that is, because the officer carried on a much
more extensive correspondence than it was ex-
pected he would, or than consuls were in the habit
of carrying on. We have no commerce with Mu-
nich; and 1 suppose this consul was sen t there for
this very purpose of doing the duty which he has
performed—lookingafter the personal and political
rights of returned emigrants. No doubt he per-
formed his duties very well; but as the Senator
from New Hampshire has said, all this may prove
that we ought to give the officer an additional sal-
ary in the future, but I do not think it is proper for
