3096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
ttfc to go back and patch up the salaries of men
Who have been in office. I have applications; I
have letters in my disk now from our consuls at
Baden and other places, asking for precisely just
each compensation as tins, but 1 have not chosen
to present them.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator from Iowa mis-
understood me if he supposed tlmt I said this book
was got up by the consul in Bavaria. I have al-
ready remarked to the Senate that these commu-
nications were in response to applications for in-
formation from this Government. A diplomatic
correspondence was opened in compliance with the
request of our Government. The duties of a con-
sul are not of a diplomatic character. The extra
dudes performed m this case justly entitle the offi-
cer to compensation. The Senator says that he
was representing us before a small people with
whom wc have but little trade. Sir, the fact is that
our trade in Bavaria is over $10,000,000 a year,
and, as I have already remarked, in the single ar-
ticle of looking glasses it is over $1,000,000. We
have but one consul in Bavaria, to whom wc pay
a salary, while we are paying salaries of §7,000
a year to diplomatic representatives to conntnes
with not half so much population. What were the
duties which this man discharged? 1 have shown
to the Senate that at the time mentioned by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, ho was instruct-
ed by the Government, through General Cass, to
open correspondence with the Government of Ba-
varia,and to undertake not only questions affect-
ing the liberty of citizens, but questions affccting
marriage, and others of great importance. Such
questions arose in consequence of emigrants from
that cotmtiy to this returning to their native coun-
try. Many of the wealthiest men we have had
from the old country came from Uav-aria. Having
this consul there, new duties were placed in his
hands of a diplomatic character.
Mr. GRIMES. They were not new duties.
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes; newduties,because they
did not belong to his dunes as consul. He did not
go theie for the purpose of opening and carrying
on diplomatic correspondence with his own Gov-
ernment and the Government of Bavaria. He went
there to discharge the duties of consul. The com-
mittee, I apprehend, tnderstnnd the case. They
have examined the action of Congress, and have
simply reported that this gentleman shall be paid
f1,000a year for his extra services, from the time
these new duties were put into his hands. It may
be said tlmt this ia a new way of patching up claims,
but I nek ia it possible that you can send a gen-
tleman abroad, of the character of Mr. Ten Broeclt,
and expect him to live there with his family on a
salary of $1,000 a year? 11 would not support
him. Tin-re is no other nicihod of compensating
hini for the^o additional duties. Your eotnmillee
has adopted this mode, after consultation with the
Department of State. 1 cantmt conceive of a more
just and equitable claim which can be presented
to the Senate than this claim of Mr. Ten Broeck;
and there is no more deserving or worthy mail.
His correspondence is voluminous. It was con-
ducted between him and the Bavarian Government
in accordance with instructions to him from the
Department of State, It involved more corre-
spondence on his part than that of many of your
resident ministers abroad. This is simply a" just
compensation to him for the time he discharged
these additional duties,and it seems to me the bill
ought to commend itself to the favorable attention
' of the Senate.
Mr, HARRIS. The Senator from Iowa evi-
dently misunderslunds the character of this bill.
Mr. TcAi Brocck was consul of the United States
residing at Munich, the capital of Bavaria. He
was charged with commercial duties as a consul.
He was the commercial agent of this country there,
and us such, for his services was entitled to a sal-
ary of<jl,000 a year. Ascousul, he was not charged
with any diplomatic duties. We have no diplo-
matic relations directly with Bavaria. We have
no minister there. If we had had a minister there,
and he had been absent or by any means had been
unable to discharge the diplomatic duties of his
office, and this same consul had performed those
duties, he would have been entitled by law, by ail
act of Congress, to compensation as a secretary of
legation. In presenting his memorial, he claims
that he performed the duties that would have de-
volved upon a secretary of legation in the absence
of a minister.
He was a mere consul. Under these circum-
stances, the Secretary of State directed him to en-
ter into a diplomatic correspondence not belong-
ing to his office at all. It is unlike the case that
the Senator from Iowa has put. He was ordered
by the Government at home to enter into a diplo-
matic correspondence in relation to the compul-
sory enlistment of our citizens there. He went on
to act, not as a consul, butas a diplomatic repre-
sentative of this Government, as a minister, and
he carried on a very voluminous correspondence,
and was obliged to carry it on in the German lan-
guage.
The Senator has spoken of the books he has
made. The books consist of the correspondence
that he has sent home, the correspondence be-
tween him and the Bavarian Government, and be-
tween him and our own Government, under the
supervision and direction of the Secretary of State,
not published b^ him; it is the written correspond-
ence bound up in volumes, as all such correspond-
ence is in the office of the Secretary of State. He
has not published it; the Secretary of State has
bound it up, and it comprises about two volumes.
That correspondence, as has been well said by the
Senator from Indiana, is more voluminous, and
evidently has cost this gentleman more labor, than
the correspondence of the minister at Denmark
and the minister to Sweden put together;and it was
no part of his official duty as consul. The whole of it
had to be carried on in the German language; and
he was obliged to translate his communications to
the Bavarian Government, and then the commu-
nications from the Bavarian Government to him.
It was a very laborious work; and he carried it on
with great success and great satisfaction to the
Government; and now, to say that this consul
shall not be paid for these extraordinary services,
services that do not pertain to his office, and for
which he has received no pay, would be unjust
and severe; and I do not tlunk this Government
is prepared to be so unjust as to deny this little
compensation. He ought to have had, in my judg-
ment, the compensation that he would have had
if he had performed the same services in the place
of a diplomatic officer who represented the Gov-
ernment there. In that case, lie would have been
entitled, by statute, to the pay of a secretary of
legation.
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps I ought not to trench
on this ground tlmt belongs to the field of foreign
affairs of the Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SUMNER. You nre always welcome any-
where.
Mr. GRIMES. But I must be permitted to say
that I do not see exactly the strength of the argu-
ment in this ease. It is said that Mr. Ten Eyck
[Brocck] did not go to Bavaria as a diplomatic
agent, lie certainly did. He wasaconsul. He was
appointed through the office of the Secretary of
State. Every one of your consuls is ad interim in
a great many instances called upon to act in a dip-
lomatic character. The Government reserves its
right to impose upon each one of your consuls
diplomatic duties whenever your minister is ab-
sent, or your charge, or the secretary of legation.
In that event, you impose upon the consul the
performance of any duties that emanate from the
Secretary of State's offico.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the minister is sick, has
to go away, and deposits the papers with him; not
otherwise.
Mr. GRIMES. That is where the power is
conferred on the minister himself; but the Gov-
ernment here, if the minister is absent and there
is no secretary of legation, directs the leading con-
sul of that country to perform the duties which
would be performed by a charge if one was there.
Mr. SUMNER. So the Secretary of State may
direct any private citizen to do the same.
Mr. GRIMES. We had in this case no diplo-
matic agent at Bavaria; we had this man there,
who had up to this time always performed just
such duties as these, I am told.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. HARRIS. Only when directed by the
Secretary.
Mr. GRIMES. Here is a difference of opinion.
The Senator from New Hampshire says he had
always done such duties; the Senator from New
York says he had not.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire I think will not say it.
Mr. SUMNER. He will not say it of his own
knowledge.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that to be so; at
any rate, there is no evidence in the report that it
was not the case; but whether it was or not, I sup-
pose that when this Mr. Ten Eyck [Broeck] went
to Munich as consul, he went there to perform the
duties this Government might impose on him.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that he was
under no more obligation to do these duties as con-
sul than my honorable friend from Iowa would
have been if he had been residing there.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator may understand
it a great deal better than I do.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Secretary might have
called on you to do this business if you had been
there, and this gentleman was under no more ob-
ligation to do it than you would have been.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been told that consuls
are required to perform these duties in the absence
of any superior diplomatic or commercial agent.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is true they are required;
but they are required by the Secretary of State
sending to them, but in no other way; there is iro
legal obligation.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I would like to ask if it
is usual to pay them in addition ?
Mr. COLLAMER. We have paid them very
often, quite repeatedly, in particular cases.
Mr. WRIGHT. There are twenty precedents
now on record of this kind, where gentlemen who
have been abroad have come here and claimed the
pay of a resident minister for such services; and
appropriations have beenmadoas high as§10,000
for less service than this man has rendered of a
diplomatic character.
Mr. GRIMES. That may be; I do not pre-
tend to know what has been the legislative history
of the country upon this subject; but I cannot
conceive how it was any more expensive to Mr.
Ten Eyck [Broeck] to perform these duties than
it would have been if ho had been sitting still and
performing no duties at all. What I object to is
not the $2,000 that are involved in this case, but
I know that you will be overwhelmed in conse-
quence of the precedent you now establish by the
number of consuls that will come in and claim that
their cases are precisely similar or so nearly sim-
ilar that this ought to bo used as a precedent to
carry their cases through. That is the objection
I have to it, not to the $2,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the honorable Senator
from Iowa need not be anxious. Each case must
stand on its own merits. If another petitioner
comes here, 1 presume the Senate will look into
all the facts and see whether the case is merito-
rious; if it is not meritorious, the claim will be re-
jected; if it is mcritoiiotis, we owe it to ourselves,
as well as to him, to recognize it.
Now, sir, the Senator from Iowa, if this were
a question with regard to the Navy, would be
very earnest; indeed, he would not hesitate a
moment. If it were on the pay of an admiral or
a commodore, he would turn around and look
very sternly at all of us who presumed to propose
any reduction of the pay. But it is not m his
department; it does not concern the sea; it con-
cernsa very meritoriousgentleman once appointed
consul of the United States, as the Senator from
New York has said, at Munich in Bavaria. He
was appointed consul with a small salary of
$1,000 a year to perform the consular duties. I
need not remind the Senate that a consul is a
commercial agent of the Government. He has
nothing to do with diplomatic questions; and if
any such duties are imposed upon him, they are
all extraordinary and outside of the ordinary
course of his life. That is precisely the present
case. Mr. Ten Bioeck did have there, by the in-
structions of the Department of State, diplomatic
duties imposed upon him. The Senator from
Indiana, who was in Europe officially at the time,
has testified personally to the ability and fidelity
with which he performed these duties. Some of
us who have had occasion to inquire at the De-
partment of State, know by the records, the fidelity
with which they were performed. I have said
they were duties outside of the ordinary line of
his life. They did not belong to the office which
he held under our Government; nevertheless he
performed them excellently and laboriously, and
lie comes before the Senate for some recognition
of these services.
Now, sir, the laborer is worthy of his hire, and
