1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
come—and I as much believe that it will come as
I believe in any coming event—will be upon the
Gulf. The President, therefore, says to these
gentlemen of the border States, in language not
capable of misconstruction: in the prosecution of
this war for the maintenance of the Constitution
and the Union, I may be forced, as I said to you
in my annual message, to resort to such extreme
measures that slavery may be abolished in the
Gulf or cotton States, in which event, it is well
for you, gentlelnen, to consider your interests, so
far as they are identified with this institution, will
be destroyed. I therefore regard this message,
notonly as a compensation for disappointed hopes,
but as an awful note of warning to those residing
in the border States, and as an act of justice and
magnanimity to them which, I am sorry to see,
some of their Representatives upon this floor fail
to appreciate.
If this is not the plain interpretation of the mes-
sage, the Chief Executive of the nation has been
most unfortunate in the use of language. Aftera
careful reading and examination of it—I had not
the advantage of listening to the discussion yester-
day, nor have I been able to glance at it since—\ am
satisfied that 1 cannotbe mistaken as to the points
in the mind of the President, lie does look, and
we look, and you gentlemen from the slave States
look to a contingency in which extreme war
measures may become necessary. I presume you
are patriots; I assume that you arc; I give you,
at least, the benefit of a charity. If this Union
and Constitution are deserving of the eulogiums
which have been passed upon them by gentlemen
from all sections, they are worth more than the
pecuniary interests involved in any single local
or domestic institution; and if you are possessed
of the patriotic feelings which 1 suppose you to
be possessed of, and which 1 am willing to admit
you are possessed of, you will regard the preser-
vation of the Constitution and the Union as para-
mount to the pecuniary interests involved in any
domestic institution, not excepting slavery.
If the President had postponed this message to
a day after the occurrence which ho seems to an-
ticipate had taken place, when the slave institu-
tions of the extreme South were undermined in
the progress of the war, and had then cautioned
his friends in the border States having large in-
terests in this institution,it would have been ever-
lastingly too late. He plays the part of a friend
and counselor to them. lie suys to them in as
plain language as state reserve will admit of, per-
haps: Gentlemen,the lime may be neaVathand
when your slave interest will be completely
crushed, and I therefore advise Congress to pass
this resolution, and to that extent to assure you
that by a proper precaution on your part against
a disastrous contingency in the future, your in-
terests may be protected and saved."
Mr. Speaker, every American citizen, worthy
of the name, has certain axiomatic doctrines to
which lie holds, and which he can never disre-
gard. The first is (lint this is a Government more
deserving of the confidence and regard and sup-
port of the people than any Government ever es-
tablished upon the face of the earth; secondly,
that you cannot maintain this Government with-
out sustaining and protecting the organic law
which ante-dates and precedes the real Union;
thirdly, the Union being the main purpose and
result of the Constitution, you cannot destroy it
withoutde.stroym<r the real Government; fourthly,
that the Union must be preserved, no matter what
the cost or the sacrifice to which it may lead. 1
therefore give as a conclusion, resulting from ad-
mitted principles, that that man who is not will-
ing to save the Constitution and the Union by the
sacrifice of a private interest is already a rebel,
and I care not upon whose ear that declaration
may fall with harshness; and, sir, when, a few
weeks since,in a running discussion in this Hall,
1 propounded the question to gentlemen from the
border slave States whether they would sustain the
Constitution and the Union, although it might be
necessary to sacrifice slavery to save theru, thcic
was but a solitary and a very feeble voice came up
in affirmative response. Now, sir, although the
North has magnanimity, the North has not too
much patience. 1 proclaim here a fact which has
studiously been concealed, as it seems to me, that
the border States are not in this Union because
they love freedom. They are in it because they
fear force.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I oppose to that sentiment of his an
unqualified contradiction.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not care whom that may
contradict. It d^es not contradict me. I have
never proclaimed any other opinion. I declared
before this rebellion broke out that but for the
fear of force even Delaware would break the bonds
of the Union. That opinion was not a hasty one,
and I still adhere to it. What means the action
of Kentucky maintaining neutrality in the hour
when the Union required friends* If a man pro-
fesses to be a friend of mine, I expect him to show
his active friendship in the hour of my trial and
my sufferings. Kentucky, proud, magnanimous
Kentucky, as she has been designated here this
morning—and I have nothing to say against cither
attribute—in that hour of trial and danger stood
on the ground of perfect neutrality. But when
the passage of our troops to the national capital
had been secured, when the integrity of the Union
had been put out of danger for the time being, and
when the safety of Kentucky was imperiled, then
she was the proud and magnanimous State to
declare herself on the side of the Union.
It was precisely the same with Maryland, and 1
am by no means certain that I would be willing to
make an exception in any particular or individual
case. I am up now for the purpose of speaking
the truth plainly; not all the truth, for if 1 were
to declare all the truth here, it is probable I should
make myself veiyunpalatahle to some gentlemen.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
yield to me ?
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desired the floor
for the purpose of saying here that the people of
Missouri, or a portion of them, struck the first
blow against the enemies of the Union. Without
the assistance of the Government, and without a
call from the Government, they organized their
troops and defended the property of the nation
when the national Government and the State gov-
ernment wen1 both conspiring for its capture.
Mr. HICKMAN. That 1 admit, sir. But is
it not undeniable that the Legislature of Missouri
met in the darkness of the night, and passed an
ordinance of secession, and that the Government
kept Missouri striking hard blows for a pretty long
time before it was ascertained exactly whether
she was in the Union or out of it?
And a great deal of credit is due to my friend
from the St. Louis district for keeping the State
ofMis^outi in the Union. The factthat she is in
the Union to-day adds much to the laurels of that
gentleman, and no man will render him more
praise than 1 will for his devoted patriotism in that
hour of danger to his State.
Mr. P>LA1R, of Missouri. I shall disclaim all
the praise which the gentleman attributes to me
if it is to be at the expense of my State and of my
people. All that I have to say is that it was the
actof the people. The people of all the southern
States were far m advance of the politicians, and if
this Government had not deserted the people of the
South, if this Government had not been a particeps
criminis with rebels, and furnished them arms with
which to put down the loyal people of the South,
if this Government had not been one of the con-
spnators ngainst the people of the South, the un-
armed majorities of the southern States would
never have been put down by the armed minor-
ities, armed with guns furnished by the Govern-
ment of the United States. I do not ask the gen-
tleman \s compliments to me at the expense of my
people.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman, of course,
does not ask mycompliment, hut the compliment
is of the more value to him being unasked. The
iceotleman from Missouri does not expect me at
this late day to enter into any defense of the pol-
icy of the Inst, Administration. [Laughter.]
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has alluded to the State which I in part
represent, and I simply rise to make a correction.
The members representing the State of Maryland
declare that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
entirely mistaken when he says that the people
of that State have been held m the Union by fear
of war. On every occasion since the war has
broken out, when the people of Maryland have
had the opportunity of speaking on that question
at the ballot-box, they have declared by over-
whelming majorities for the maintenance of the
Union and the prosecution of the war.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will not quarrel with the
gentleman as to an expression of opinion, for I
know respectable gentlemen even in the town in
which 1 live, limited as is its population, who
would deny that their mouths had been closcd
from speaking treason through a fear of conse-
quences. Still, a private opinion entertained by
any gentleman from Maryland cannot weaken the
force of my convictions or militate against a great
fact received as such by the nation at large. The
evidence, as far as has been afforded, is all on the
side on which 1 speak—that Maryland is by no
means an exception, but that she has been chained
to the car of the Union simply because she was
unable very readily to separate herself from it.
The testimony of Massachusetts troops, and of
Unionists compelled to fly from her commercial
metropolis would be, I judge, in my favor.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I protest against that sen-
timent, and I can only express my surprise and
astonishment that a gentleman who is so familiar
with the public acts of thojjeople of Maryland as
that gentleman must be, could express it here on
this floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. What are the public acts of
the people of Maryland, to which the gentleman
refeis ? 1 bos: of him to enumerate them.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer him ?
Mr. HICKMAN. No,sir; I call upon the gen-
tleman who speaks about the public acts of Mary-
land to answer.
Mr. CRISFIELD. In the first place, there
is the Governor of Maryland, to whose agency,
more than that of any other human being, are we
indebted to-day for the possession of this capital.
Secondly, there is theelection in June, by which
the representation on this floor was made unani-
mous in the support of the Union, after the sever-
est contest that had ever occurred in the State of
Maryland. Thirdly, m the election that occurred
in November, Maryland again expressed her de-
votion to the Union by a vote of more than two
to one.
Mr. HICKMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to give way again, unless some gentleman
feels himself specially aggrieved, which I tiust
he will not. I have not said and would not be
undcistood as saying, that in these border States
there is not a class of people devotedly attached
to the Union, and who would not differ with me
in the opinion I have expressed. But, sir, I still
reiterate what I believe to be God's truth, that
every border slave State would have separated
itself from this Union if it had not been for fear,
and that that man whose interests are identified
with slavery thinks just, about as well of slavery
as of the Union. I am forced to believe that.
Mr. FISHER. I feel constrained tosayatthis
point, in defense of the State I have the honor to
represent, that so far as Delaware is concerned
the remaik of the gentleman is not true.
While I am free to say there are some men in
my State who if they had had a leader bad enough
and bold enough would have been ready to join
in a party to carry Delaware out of the Union, it
is nevertheless true that there was no time when
the loyal men of the State would have permuted
it to have been taken out of the Union. No, sir;
the loyal men of that State would have suffered
death upon their own soil before they would have
permitted it.
Mr. l-IICKMAN. I happen myself to know
a few facts connected with these border slave States,
living as I do in close proximity to two of them.
I profess to have some little information as to the
statement made by th* gentleman from Delaware,
and he will agree with me when I say that it was
with very great difficulty the enrollment of men for
this war was commenced m the State of Delaware.
I must also refresh the recollection of my friend
from Maryland somewhat by saying that Mr.
Lincoln himself, a few months since, did not ap-
pear to differ much from me in the opinion 1 have
expressed here. I speak from very high author-
ity. Mr. Lincoln thought just what I think; and
when I am speaking on the authority of the Pres-
ident of the United States, my words ought to be
received with a great deal of respect. [Laughter.]
The President thought that the Legislature of the
