2im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. STEVENS. What I asked the gentleman
Was: whether this is not in the language of the act
of July last?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly it is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend, by
striking out the following clause:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at the
national armory at Springfield, Massachusetts, $150,000.
Mr. DELANO. Too late.
TJie CHAIRMAN. That paragraph of the bill
is alread y passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. T supposed that the whole
bill was being read through, and that it would
then be read by clauses for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair announced that
the bill would be read by paragraphs for amend-
ments. If there be no objection the amendment
will be received.
Mr. DELANO. I object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 offered the amendment
more for the purpose of getting information than
for anything else. I hope consent will be given
to consider it.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the objection with-
drawn?
Mr. DELANO. It is not.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
add after the word "pickles," the words "saur-
kraut."
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment may be ger-
mane to the gentleman, [laughter,] but I think it
had better be left out.
Mr. JOHNSON. Itis germane to my colleague,
too.
Mr. WICKLIPFE. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "extract of coffee." I want
to know what is meant by it. Is it dandelion?
I was advised by a friend of mine to use it as
being superior to the best Mocha coffee. I drank
about two spoonsful! of it and it nearly killed me.
I do not think that such stuff ought to be fur-
nished to the Army. I do not know what the
thing is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ODELL. I want to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means what provis-
ion is made for payment of bounty to volunteers
other than those who have enlisted for two years?
I find the following clause in the bill:
For payment of bounty to two yeais volunteers, and to
the widowa and legal heirs of MK'li ad may die or be killed
in tile service of tile United States, authouztx! by the lifih
and sixth sections of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the employment of voluntoois to aid m cnfoicina tile laws
and protecting public property," approved July 9>, 1SU1
.$20,000,001), or so much thereof as may be IVmnd iieee-vttt v,
Mr. STEVENS. The gent!, :man will recollect
that this is one oftwo bills makmgappropriatioris
for the support of the Army. What is not pro-
vided for here is provided for elsewhere. I move
that the committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and especially House bill No. 450,
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853,
and had instructed him to report the same back
to the House without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass
Mr. STEVENS. It is proper, Mr. Speaker,
that I should answer some inquiries made in re-
gard to this bill. Tins House had passed an Army
appropriation bill for both years, and 1863,
and it was sent to the Senate early in the session.
The Senate struck out all the appropriations for
1863, for reasons which I have no right to inquire
into, and which I could not understand very well.
Their action rendered neeessaiy the passage of
another Army appropriation bill. It was found
that new appropriations were requisite as we
looked further into the matter. New estimates
were sent to us. The Committee of Ways and
Means required the War Department to assign rea-
sons why additional appropriations were asked
beyond those estimated for m the printed reports
The present bill appropriates about four hundred
and twenty-two millions of dollars. The ordinal
bill appropriated much less, $215,000,000. toWu
desired to know why there was an increase be-
yond the estimates, and we found it very difficult
to ascertain the facts.
I must say, sir, that so deficient is our War
Department in organization that there is no one
place to which you can go and where you can
learn the number of soldiers that we have in the
field. The organization was for an army of twelve
thousand, and it is well enough for that force, I
suppose; but it is wholly incompetent for our
present army. However, by calling on the Pay-
master General, the Fifth Auditor, and all other
bureaus where we could procure any information,
we found out the force now in service. The House
will recollect that the first estimates were made on
the basis of an army of five hundred thousand
men. But it was found—and I have before me
the rolls of the troops furnished by the different
States—that there are now in the service of the
United States six hundred and ninety-one thou-
sand six hundred and thirty-seven men, that is,
within a few of seven hundred thousand men,
making necessary appropriations for nearly two
hundred thousand men beyond those first appro-
priated for. This bill is framed to suit the num-
ber actually in the field, according to the ascer-
tained numbers.
Mr. HALE. I see that there is an appropria-
tion for bounty to two years volunteers, and I
suggest whether that is not a mistake. There are
no two years volunteers that I know of.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes; we have volunteers
for one, two, and three years.
Mr. HALE. The law giving bounty specifies
the three years' volunteers. 1 have the law before
me.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, by common con-
sent, let the words " two years" be stricken out,
leaving it simply "volunteers;" but I am sure
there is no mistake about it.
The bill was modified accordingly.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not distinctly hear
the statement of the gentleman from Pennsylva-S
nia as to the number of soldiers now in the ser-
vice of the United States. What is the number?
Mr. STEVENS. Altogether?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Yes.
Mr. STEVENS. Six hundred and ninety-one
thousand six hundred and thirty-seven.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Whatuumberdo thclaws
of the United States authorize to be employed?
Mr. STEVENS. That, sir, is a question of
construction of two acts of Congress. I sup-
posed, when I voted for the last bill, that it au-
thorized five hundred thousand. Many other gen-
tlemen, and, I believe, the Executive, construe it
that each of them authorizes five hundred thou-
sand, and that there are a million authorized by
the two acts. That was not according to my con-
struction of the law; but it is the construction
put upon it elsewhere, and on which the Execu-
tive has acted.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was told in the early pait
of the session, when I was endeavoring to gain
what might be termed a local guard for Kentucky,
to protect her againstioroads after the army should
have left—which inroads have now commenced—
that the Army was then full, that the whole amount
allowed and authorized by law had been filled up,
to the number of six hundred thousand and no
more.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that six hun-
dred thousand have been authorized by any law.
There are two laws, repeating the five hundred
thousand.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. That is my understanding.
Mr. STEVENS. I supposed they were not
cumulative. My construction was that only five
hundred thousand were authorized to be raised; but
those who hnve the control of the matter thought
othe rwise. They considered, and others consid-
ered, that one million were authorized to be raised
by the two several acts, each for five hundred thou-
sand. Certainly there is no law authorizing the
raising of six hundred thousand only, and not au-
thorizing the raising of a million. Perhaps the
laws bear the construction put upon them by the
Executive; and the Com mi ttee ofWays and Means
has not felt authorized to withhold appropriations
for the force actually in service.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My understanding of the
law is, that the Department is authorized to em-
ploy five hundred thousand men, and no more.
Mr. STEVENS. Such is my understanding.
I agree with the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky. But the Executive has construed the
law differently.
Mr. HALE. That does not include the regular
Army, 1 suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; it does not include
the regular Army.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he obtained
this number from the rolls of the Paymaster
General ?
Mr. STEVENS. The Paymaster General cer-
tifies that this number of men are on the pay rolls
and entitled to pay.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I made the inquiry
because it was but a few days ago the statement
was made in the House that the Secretary of War
had declared that the entire number of men in ser-
vice did not exceed six hundred thousand.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the reason why I
took the liberty, without being called on by the
House, to inquire at the various branches of the
War Department as to the actual number of men
in the field. I heard the same statement made as
to the declaration of a Cabinet minister. For the
justification of the Committee of Ways and Means
in reporting these very large appropriations, there-
fore, I made investigations at the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office and at the Paymaster General's office,
and the result is this roll, the aggregate of which
I have stated.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. One question fur-
ther. There seems to be some contrariety of opin-
ion on this side of the House as to whether the
statementthe gentleman has furnished to the House
comes from the Adjutant General's office or the
Paymaster General's office.
Mr. STEVENS. The statement made by me
was that'I called upon both offices, and that the
result of those inquiries was the furnishing of this
paper.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose this embraces
also those who are held as prisoners of war, those
who are sick, and probably many who have been
killed in recent battles, whose names have not yet
been reported.
Mr. STEVENS. It embraces all those who
are considered as in the Army of the United States.
Now, sir, unless some other gentleman desires
further information I will demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UTAH INDIAN EXPENSES.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to fix and determine the
amount of expenses incurred in the suppression
of Indian hostilities in Utah in the year 1860; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
LOSSES'OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back House bill No. 401, relating to
claims for the loss and destruction of property be-
longing to loyal citizens, and damages thereto by
the troops of the United States during the present
rebellion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York if there is any objection
to making this bill a special order for Friday
morning ?
Mr. FENTON. I was about to say that, in
accordance with the suggestions of several gen-
tlemen, I would move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill untd to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
to-morrow has been set apart for the consideration
of business relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. FENTON. I desire, then, to inquire what
position this bill will retain if it is simply post-
poned until to-morrowwithout makingita special
uider. How will it be affected by the special
order for that day ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will occupy its reg-
ular place on the Calendar.
