1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. FENTON. And when will it come up for
consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up for consid-
eration whenever the special order shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. FENTON. I will move, then, that the bill
be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. W1CKLIFFJE. Will the gentleman from
New York inform me whether he has reported
back the amendment which, on my motion, was
referred to his committee?
Mr. FENTON. The committee has not in-
structed me to report back the amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Kentucky. But
the amendment to which the gentleman refers was,
oil his motion, ordered to be printed by the House,
and I suppose will come up for consideration
when the bill is considered.
MARSHALL 0. ROBERTS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate joint resolution No. 67, in
relation to the claim of Marshall 0. Roberts for
the loss of the steamer Star of the West.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. FENTON moved to amend by inserting
after the word " due" the words " if any," so as
to make it read, " that such sum as shall be as-
certained to be due, if an.y, shall be paid," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONEL C. F. RUFF.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back without amendment Senate bill No.
259, for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel Charles
F. Ruff of the United States Army.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Ruff the
sum of §449, it being the compensation due him as
major in the United States Army for the months
of March and April, 1861.
Mr. HALE. With the permission of the House
I will very briefly state the circumstances under
which this claim arises. Colonel Ruff was at the
time a major in the United States Army, and re-
ceived a check for his pay for the months of March
and April, 1861, on the sub-Treasurer at New
York, the place where the paymaster was required
to keep his funds. When he presented his check
for payment it was ascertained that the paymaster
had drawn out all the funds deposited by him there,
gone South, and joined the rebels.
Under these circumstances, Colonel Ruff re-
turned to Washington, but the accounting officers
of the Treasuvy declined to pay him, because he
had received his check and had given his receipt
for it. The Senate of the United States, under
these circumstances, passed a bill for his relief.
There is no dispute about the facts of the case at
all, that he was entitled to two months' pay, and
that he received aclieck for the amount, the money
for which was drawn by the paymaster at the sub-
Treasury at New York, where the law required
him to keep his funds.
Now, if he is not paid, it will be because a gal-
lant officer of the United States Army has been
defrauded of his pay-by an agent of the United
Stales Government.
Mr. HOLMAN, I understand that the amount
is only §400.
Mr. HALE. I think it is about four hundred
and fifty dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to inquire if a
major in the Army receives §225 per month '
Mr. HALB. 1 do not know about that. I
know that this bill merely gives him the amount
to which he was entitled under the law.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time; and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report back to the House the
report of the Court of Claims on the claim of
Richard W. Meade, administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, with the recommendation that
the decision of the Court of Claims be confirmed.
I will state the decision is adverse to the claim. I
move that the decision be confirmed.
The motion was agreed to.
GRANTING AMERICAN REGISTERS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue American registers to certain vessels;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGING THE NAMES OP VESSELS,
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the names of certain vessels;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABOLITION OS COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill abolishing certain collection dis-
tricts and reducing the compensation of officers of
customs in California; which was read a firstand
second time.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to add
the following as an additional section;
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, Thatanew district, to
be called tile distiu-l of Humboldt, shall be established in
tlifi State ot' California, to embrace tile coast of the Pacific
ocean from the line dividing the counties of Mendocino
and Humboldt to the boundary line of California and Ore-
gon, with the counties of Siskiyou, ICiamath, Tiniity, and
Humboldt, and all the island, harbors, bays, inlets, shores,
rivers, and waters within said boundaries. Eureka shall
be tile port of entry for the said district, and a collector,
with a salary of , a,000 per annum, shall be appointed, to
icside and perform the duties of his office at said poit.
Uniontovvn, Tuiudad, and Cresent City shall be poitsof
delivery for the said district, and a deputy collector, who
shall also be an inspector, shall be appointed, to reside and
peitorm Ilia official duties at each ot the said ports, at a
compensation ot §'1,000 each per annum.
Mr. PilELPS, of California. Mr. Speaker,
in behalf of that amendment, I will say that there
is a considerable amount of business now done
at that port directly with other countries. The
provision is taken from a bill which passed this
House a year or two ago. There ^is a necessity
fur a port of entry at that place. The amount of
lumber shipped from that port to other countries
is considerable, reaching a great many cargoes
each year. Without a port of entry there, the
people are subjected to a great deal of inconven-
ience. 1 think it is due to that section of the
country that they should have a port of entry, as
it must be known that the trade will continue to
increase there hereafter.
Now, sir, I do not propose particularly to ob-
ject to the passage of this bill. So far as the ports j
'of Benicia, Souora, Stockton, and Sacramento are !
concerned, I am very well satisfied^ in my own '
mind that they can be dispensed with, and that
they should be dispensed with. But 1 ant ot the
opinion that it is bad policy to abolish the ports
on the coast below Sail Francisco. Those other
ports are not of so much convenience as the south-
ern ports, which are very remote from San Fran-
cisco. Los Angeles, or the portof San Pedro, is
nearly six hundied miles from San Francisco, and
if the people there are to rely upon deputies or
inspectors, inconvenience and loss must result. I
am sorry, therefore, that the Committee on Com-
merce has seen fit to do away with those neces-
sary ports of entry. I presume, however, that the
members of the committee have carefully exam-
ined this whole question, and I shall not object to
the passage of the bill With the amendment which
I have submitted. I hope that the port of entry
I have indicated will be established. I think that
the business of the coast requires it; and there can
be no objection-to the establishment of this new
port of entry, when we are about to abolish so
many.
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from California, I will state that the
subject-matter of hisametidment is no wunder,con-
sideration by the Committee on. Commence. As
yet they have come to no conclusion in regard to
it. It would seem desirable therefore-that the gen-
tleman's amendment should be postponed until
the committee submits its report, and then the
whole subject-matter can be considered as it ouglit
to be in a separate bill. I am not now prepared
to say that the gentleman's proposition is.not cor-
rect, and that substantive legislation should not
be had at the proper time. The bill now reported
by the committee is the result of careful examina-
tion of all of the information that the Committee
on Commerce could obtain from the Treasury
Department. They have reported on the subject
embraced in the bill, but they are not prepared as
yet to recommend the adoption of this amendment.
I suggest, therefore, that the amendment be with-
drawn and made the subjectof distinct legislation.
The bill now before the House is for the abolition
of certain collection districts, while the amend-
ment contemplates the erection of a new district.
The two subjects 1 think ought to be considered
separately. It would be more in accordance
with correct legislation, and I hope, therefore, the
amendment will be .withdrawn or disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I am in favor of this bill
reported from the Committee on Commerce. I
believe the people of California are in favor of
this retrenchment, which will do away with these
offices and districts which are unnecessary, and
thereby be the means of saving a large amount of
money to the Government of the United States. I
thmk that the California delegation in this Con-
gress will concur in the report of the committee.
It seems to me that the amendment of my col-
league is a proper one, and that it would be better
to add it to this bill than that it should bo pre-
sented in a distinct proposition. The Legislature
of California instructed their Senators and re-
quested their Representatives to see to it that this
Congress should provide for the subject-matter of
that amendment. Legislation for the creation of
the collection district proposed by my colleague
ought not to be longer delayed. Great inconven-
ience and loss have already been caused by the
want of this district. I submit that when we are
abolishing so many collection districts in the State
of California, there ought not to be any objection
to the establishment of this new district which is
needed, [t seems to me that this is the proper
place for legislation on this subject.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is the gentleman
from California prepared to state to the commit-
tee what are the annual exports from Humboldt
and the port of Eureka ?
Mr. SARGENT. I am not prepared to state
the amount, nor could the gentleman at a moment
state what is the annual expoits of New York or
Boston. I only say that the business is a large
one; that there is a heavy lumber trade carried oil
there.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I did not make the
inquiry for the purpose of embarrassing the gen-
tleman, but for the purpose of eliciting informa-
tion that would enable us to vote understandmgly
on the proposition of the gentleman's colleague.
It was stilted that there was a large amount of ex-
ports to foreign countries from the port of Eureka.
Yet, sir, this House is called upon to establish
this new collection district, with a collector at an
annual salary of §2,000, and with other expenses,
upon the single statement that the amount of ex-
ports there is large. 1 want fuller and more pre-
cise information before 1 shall east my vote for it.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. * In 1859 the ex-
ports of lumber fiom this poitotVEuroka amounted
to three million five hundred thousand feet. How
much it is now I cannot say. 1 know that the
export of lumber is very large to South America
and even to Australia. Lumber, too, is exported
to some portions of Mexico. Th exports may
have run up this year to five or six millions of
feet. They cannot be less than they were in 1859.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It is quite evident
that the gentleman lias none but indefinite in-
formation on the subject, and 1 agree with the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts, that the amend-
ment ought to go to the Committee on Commerce.
