156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
?
munication. It is believed, however, that no loyal citizen
will, under the circumstances, object to the temporary re-
quirement of a passport. When the order leteired to was
restored, instructions were at the same time given to ex-
empt fiom the requirement that class of passengers among
whom dangerous con?pnator< against the Government and
the Union would not probably be found.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Department of State,
Washington, December 19, 1861.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the letter lie upon
the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
122) for the organization of the staff attached to
divisions of the Army of the United States, reg-
ular and volunteer; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
PROCLAMATION OF GENERAL PHELPS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. A few days ago I offered
a resolution of inquiry calling upon the Secretary
of War for a copy of the proclamation of Briga-
dier General Phelps. It is simply a resolution of
inquiry, and I believe it is usual to grant the in-
quiry without objection. If there be no objection,
ask that that resolution be now taken up and
acted upon.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The special busi-
ness before the Senate is the unfinished business
of yesterday, and upon that the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Willey] is entitled to the floor.
AH this is informal.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will ask the Senator to
give way for a moment.
Mr. WILLEY. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think not. I do not
propose to say a word on the subject.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to procced to the consideration of a resolution
submitted by himself on Wednesday last. Is there
any objection ?
Mr. KING. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fm-
liish the Senate with a copy ot the piocJamation of Bn§a-
cliei Gencial J. W. Phelps "to tin* loyal cituens of the
Southwestand aKo to inform the Senate whether s^aid
proclamation was made by ordei of the Kecretaiy of Wa 3
or with his knowledge or consent, and by what anthouty
said pioclamation was made.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr SAULSBURY. As the Senator from Vir-
ginia has been so kind as to yield the floor, I do
not propose to say a woid in advocacy of the res-
olution. I simply desire the action of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Delaware if he will not accept as an amendment,
" arid the proclamations of ail the other geneials
which have been made."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be so modified, by inserting after the word "west"
m the fifth line, the words, " as well as the proc-
lamations of all the other general officers of the
Army;"' and the question now is on agreeing to
the resolution as modified. i
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Piesident, I objected to j
the consideration of this resolution when it was j
first presented, and it went over on my objection. t
I do_not know that I object to it, or to the modi- j
fixation that has been made; but I think it is use- !
iess to send for these proclamations. I think it j
wii! enly be imposing labor on officers who are
very busily employed now.
In regard to this subject of proclamations of
military men, I think the Administration and the
country must have become heartily sick of them
by tins time. Certain men were appointed to
military positions to use their swords, instead of
their pens; and, if they do not use their swotds
with more skill than they are using their pens, I
think they ought to be mustered out of the ser-
vice of the United States as speedily as possible.
We have had quite enough of these military proc-
lamations of every kind and description; and I
hope no other military proclamations of this kind
will be issued during this war. I do not see the
necessity of sending to the Government for this
proclamation; for I take it there is nobody in the
country, friend or foe of the Administration, who
docs not regard that proclamation as a silly affair.
I am amazed that such a proclamation should
have been issued. I think we had better drop
calling for these proclamations; and if we do any-
thing at all, put an act on the statute-book that
these military officers whom we have appointed
to fight the battles of the country shall not be per-
mitted to issue proclamations affecting the rights
of any class of men in the country. I do not
know of anything in their past training or then-
present position that authorizes those men to as-
sume these functions. I think we have had quite
enough of it, and I think it should meet the stern
condemnation of the whole country.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall not take issue with
the Senator from Massachusetts in reference to
the propriety of this particular proclamation. All
I want is for the people of the country to know
authoritatively and positively that it is not an act
of the Administration; that the Administration
and this Government arc not prosecuting this war
for such purposes as are announced in that proc-
lamation of Brigadier General Phelps. I think,
sii, that that is important. T think that good will
result to the country, that good will result in the
prosecution of this war, by the disavowal, distinct
and positive, of the Administration of any knowl-
edge, consent, or authority to that proclamation
which announces principles, wild, fanatical, and
unworthy of any general in the Army.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it seems to me
the Senator from Delaware perhaps has accom-
plished his purpose by introducing this resolution
and calling the attention of the Senate to the proc- ;
lamation m question. I presume there is no per-
son here who assents to that proclamation, and
there is no person who does not regard it as an
indiscretion. At the same time, I am free to say
that I consider it, to a certain extent, as an offset
to the proclamation of General Sherman and the
military orders ofGeneral Halleck. I do notknow
which is the worst. One ens on the side of the
Constitution and of human hbeity; the other errs
on the side of human slavery. That is the dif-
ference between these two classes of documents.
The fact that there is that difference is an argu-
ment that Congress should undertake to settle the
whole question, so as to give unity to the military
power, so that when our Army inarch they may
maich with a well-decided principle in advance.
If the trumpet gives an uncertain sound who shall
prepaie himself for battle? But the trumpet will
give an uncertain sound just so long as we have
these various discordant proclamations.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, if the subordinates
of the President of the United States have not
carried out his wishes and intentions in regard to
the proclamations they may have issued, I deem
it his duty to make the correction. I therefore
move that the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to lay
the Resolution on the table, a question which is
not debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
OBJECT CfT TIIE WAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution is now before the Senate, on which the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Willey] has the j
floor:
Resolva?, That the existing war, foiced upon the country
bvthe State* in n'belho>i without justifiableeau^o orpiov-
oeaiion. \va-, and i^, designed liy thorn to destroy the Union
and the Constitution; ,uid then pnipo-e, inoieover, wa* at
first, and is, now, to disavow and icpudiate the fundamental
principles of republican g nerament on which our lathers
established the Union and the Constitution.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, before I pro-
ceed with my remarks, with the leave of the Sen-
ate I desire to modify the phraseology of the
resolution which 1 had the honor to offer. 1 pro-
pose, instead of the words " by the States in re-
bellion'" in the second lino, to insert the words
"by th^ hstiguiors of the rebellion."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be so modified.
Mr. WILLEYconcluded the spcech which he
commenced yesterday. [See Appendix.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand that some of my
friends may desire to offer amendments; and if it
will suit the views of the Senate, I ask that the
resolution lie on the table for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That disposition
will be made if there be no objection. The reso-
lution is ordered to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive bus-
iness; and after a short executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 90, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of pri-
vate bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. LAW. I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce a resolution.
Mr. DUELL. I object; and call for the regular
order of business.
POSTMASTER AT KEY WEST, FLORIDA.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back House bill
No. 79, paying a salary to the postmaster at Key
West, Florida.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office, December 16, 1861.
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith the paper-- re-
feuerl by yo.i to this Department for mfotination, in the
e:we of the application of the postmaster at Key Wut. Flor-
ida, for tiie parage of a law allowing him a salary ; and to
state that it appears fiom the petition that the present in-
croa.se of laboi ut that officei>occasioned "by the piesenee
of a large squadion of United State* the Gulf of
Mexico,mail matter forwhich.and for l-'ort? Jetfeison and
Pickens, passes through this office." The hardship com-
plained of is only temporary, unci will be relieved with the
retain of postal matters in that quarter to their ordinaiy
status, when, it is presumed, the regular business of the
olficc will be sufficient to sustain it as heietofore.
Under the act of 22d June, 1834, the Po->tni.i-tor General
has discretionary power to order an allowance out of the
postages collected at any office uto dehay the e.vpeiu-e of
extra laboi employed jn sepaiafing the mad>,-" and i  dis-
posed to exeicise such authority in tins case on the pre-
sentation ot such a Kate of facts'as will wairaut it.
As the net receipt of the office for the \ear 1550. (no
returns for any pait of the year lStil have, boon icceivcd,)
; together with the comim^Mons to which he was entitled,
! will ffive the postmaster the amount asked for bv the poti-
i tion, (^1,000 a ycai.) no f-pocml legislation is deemed ne-
I cessatv, m this ea^e, by the Po-tma-ter G<jncial
I am, veiv respectfully, voui obedient seivanf.
JOHN A. KASSON,
First -Assistant Vnstmustcr Genet id.
Hon. fJ. G. Blake, of the Post Office Committee. House of
Representatives.
Mr. BLAKE moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
MICHAEL BORD.
Mr. BLAKE, from the same committee, sub-
mitted an adverse report in the case of Michiiel
Bord; which was laid upon the table, and oidcred
to be printed.
GEORGE W. SAMPSON.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
George W. Sampson; which was rend a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House 011 the Private Calendar,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
BENJAMIN MONTAGUE.
Mr. DUELL, fiom the same committee, sub-
mitted an adverse repoit 011 the petition of Benja-
min Montague, ail heir of Benjamin Montague,
