3098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
The' Secretary read, as follows:
The sccond claim of J. W. Nye for damages and losses
sustained by bem? depuved of a lease is founded on alease
obtained in 18-J3 from the Piesidentot the United States for
a certain piece ofground. being the lot on which the botanic
garden is located.
The conditions of th is contract requ ired a very heavy out-
lay in making certain improvement*, which were not com-
pleted until three jears of his lease had expired. The terms
were J'uliy complied with to the satisfaction of the commis-
sioner under whom the contract was made ; but in one year
after The completion of these improvement?, a new commis-
sioner was appointed, by whom Mr Nye was forcibly eject-
ed from the premises. His etop- weie haivcf-ted and e-old
for the benefit ofthe United States-; and by these illegal act-j
of a Government ofitcial, he was deprived of his propeity
and the profits arising fiom it, tor six out of the seven yeats
that it would have been pioductive.
To substantiate thi* claim, Mr. Nye pioduces :i certified
copy of the lease, executed by John Tyler, Pre-nd'-nt of the
United States in 1613, with an iiuloinemcnt made by tiie
same party m 1838, declaring that the act of th<  eommH-
Bioner in dis-powssing Mr. Nye was In defianccof law and
justice, (n making the^e iinpiovemeaits, Mi. Nye never
buppu-ed f.n a momenuhat he could have any futnie claim
against the Government for the eo-t thereof, as he could not
foresee auv sneh injustice asafoicible ejection liomtlie
premises before the termination ot his lease, when the piop-
fity reverted haek to the Govemmem, with tlx* improve-
ments and theiefore lie never kept a strict account of the
cost thereof.
Jn rho Thhtv-Fouith Confess a hill passed the House
of Reproentntives awmdin-j hnn #I),1!00 on account of tins
claim, being a liquidation of so much of the cost of these
improvements ;in no h<u) vouehei< to MiMaiu ; but when it
was taken up in the Senate, it >va< insisted that these im-
provements required further iuvomiimUou, and a mvoiii
measurer was employed to make a report on tin- value of
the siime. This estimate, which is made a p.ut of Mr. Nye's
memorial, shows that thonc impiovements weie woith
$7,983 8-1. As it was late in the --es-ion when this i< pint
of the mea-Miici w.ii i ct eived. it was lenied, if the iui|e
should amend the hill hy putting in the lull amount thus
fomul to heju^fly due "\Ii Nye, if eotild n«>c become a law
at thnt se>«ion, and iheiciore Mr. Nye was advi-ed to take
the bill as it -tood. and mak<« another application the nest
Session foi the lesidue. 11 ich succeeduu; Com-iess has rec-
ognized his ilgiit to the balance of this claim by repotting
bills for hts relief, but at so late a period of the ^cqsioii that
they lmve tailed to become laws.
Your committee therefore make the following statement
of his account, and lecommend tin; passage of the accom-
panying bill lot lu> lehcf:
The United States U J. W. Nyc, Dr.
To value, of improvements by report of bworn meas-
uior    $7,032 84
Cu.—Hy use ol ground for one seventh of lime ho
win entitled to same after making the im-
provement $1,140 40
By cm>U from sale of material}... '210 (JO
By cash received  3,2UU 00
  4 550 10
To balance due J, W. Nve.
#.'U:k> 4 I
A contract was entered intoontlie lath of.lanuaty, IH4 1,
between John M. John.-on. q., (Postmaster ot the' llou.-e
of Repicientailve^,) and Mr. J. W. Nye, whieli icceived
the unanniiou-. itpprov.il of (he Committee of Act on nt^. ft
Is stipulated in that eontiuet that ||i(. s;iid Nye ^hmiid ftn
uish '• three hows ami three one h<>i -e eai i iages tor t he use
ot tin; House ol Jtcpie^entulIVt> lul tin, |< ui.illiilei of file
Twenty Mightli Congress, and hauling ail the hove; ami
other articles lor the use of tin- House of hYpic.-cuiativv-,
for the remainder oi tin-'{ wentv -Kigiith < 'ongte-s, and to
ptv Iiniu the >aid paity ol ili<> M-eoml p.ut f£rI "U' p.-i <iuv
for tlte u°e of taih hoise and cmdage, or the same paid
tiieietof dining me Twenty-Seventh Congtess ; al.-o the
same pi ices i ,r the im.\e< ami othei aiuele-* as were paid
for the same during the last Congress.
Ulspioved b) the aflidavit ol Mr. Hill, assistant Po-t-
master oi ihe Hom-e, (taken tn fore the Committee ol Ae-
emmuofihi' Twenty Kigbih Congie^A that Mr. Ny. ni-
tercd ftrlthi'uil.v cm the woik, and both he and his son ieu-
dered very valuable as-uMunee to the office, gtatuitou.siv,
outviiduof bi<eoutiaet; 'Mhat he neverheaid am complaint
from Ml'. Johpfou.oi any of la< messengers, of i\11. Nye oi
anyofth<'j)r<«p.'ity until .Mr Nye complained of the abtt ->ive
and destructive maim r in winch his piop ny was u-.ed.
Mr. Nye ir.'qnenlU eompl iinel t<* Mr Ji.hiison of the abusive
and de-iiu< tive m mm t in which thev weie n-in<$ hispu>p'
eriy, both vcihall) an.I iu \v i mug ; to anv oi \s oieh, as jai
as f have any knowledge, Mr. Johnson neverp.iiil the least
attention; alwnv-. found .Mi. N\e veiy kind andae« ommo-
dating in lendermg tn any sisM-.|;uiee, m.uking bo\e-, or
anything we might want ol bun; ahvajs lonnda hotse anil
caitatthe stabler, and a person icadvto dnv< whenever
wanted to do ibe imuling. Cntil the e'liattman oi accounts
called on Mi. Johnson and mloimod lum that the haulm"
beldui'e-i tu Mi Nv.-aml he mu t lmve it,Mi. Johnson nie"
{en-'<I_to let John f,ee do it; heard Johnson .-.u i>p would
take tiie cmturt i" m \ye if lie could ; that N\e shonhl
huv.- nothing tf.doab'jur thcCaphol d'lieeould pu-vent d."
Hon. f.eojge jj, iloiinev. ol' I he House of Keptehpiitative",
prove- ihat tiie Commaiee ol Accounts examined the rsm-
daiou of Ml. Nye's Hows and eauyalK and pionounced
them j-iiCleiently good foi j|k> service.
Jl i ■> puived hy tne alhd ivils of a nuinher of lespeetabic
wir.K- -e- i> \>o;e the < ,oiuiuitt.*,e oi Aeeount-s that :Mi. Nve
huti {.'d;:; at t(om the m uleei oi Mi. Joiin-on to em
ploy pioper pel «on-> a*1 iiie-.s''i]g!'t •>  jliat hi-j hoi^es vveic
kUled and In - e,t;/\alls and h nnessdesuojed by the neglect
and carele-su' Ss of the messengers enijihtyed by Mi John-
son
The report of I> H. French. K.-q., shows that during the
>xars 184-1 and J.b4o, theie um  pa.'d to other-, than J. W,
Nyc the amount due foi uiiu hundred and tifty-clght days'
use carryall and liorse, which, at the contract price of
§1 70, amounts to $1,628 60, and that there was. also paid to
other parties for hauling boxe.s and other articles the sum
of $35J 2 J, which, with the .$1,608 60 previously mentioned,
makes the gross sum of $1,979 84, all of which rightfully
belonged to the claimant, J. W. Nye, under bis contract.
Fiom all the evidence it is -perfectly clear that J.VV. Nye
complied with his portion of the contract, and that he suf-
fered great lo^s and injury from the failure of an officer of
the Government to protect bun in his just lights. It was as
much the duty ol Mr. Johnson, under that contract, to see
that the property of Mr. Nye was not unnecessarily abused
or injured as it was the duty of Mr. Nye to furnish the.
property, and his neglect to do so, and hts employment of
others to do the work that Nye was ready and willing to do,
in violation ot the contract made with Nye, imposes not
only an equitable but a legal obligation on thoGovei mnentto
pay this >uui of$1,979 84, less#325already paid. This Mini
only includes the amount which shou'd have been received
by "Mi. Nye undei hiscontiact, but which was paid to other
parties, and does not emiuace a just claim which he has for
damages on account of the wanton destruction of his prop-
erty for at least as much more. In consequence of not le-
ceiving the amount of this claim in 1845, when it became
due, Mr. Nye's ptopeity was all seized for debt and sold at
a ruiuoussacrific'e, as shown by the evidence of Mr. Kim-
mclc.
Your committee would therefore, for the foregoing rea-
sons, recommend the passage of the accompany tug bills.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading1, read the
third time, and passed; there being, on a divis-
ion—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 496) to enlarge the Lake Superior
land district, m tho State of Michigan—to the
Committee on Public. Lands.
A bill (No. 5&)_) concerning certain lands here-
tofoie gKinted to the Wtate of Iowa—to the Com-
mittee on Tubbe Lands.
A bill (No. 543) relating to schools for the edu-
cation ofc.oloied children in the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, in the District of Columbia
—to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 556) to change the place of holding
the circuit and district courts of the United States
for the districts of West Tennessee—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (No. 96) relative to the claim
of W. Maxwell Wood—to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 97) explanatory of "A n
act for the survey of grants or claims of land,"
approved June 2,-to theCommitteconPub-
Iic Lands.
HULKS OK PRACTICE IN FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. X^OSTEll. I move that the Senate tnkeup
for consideration Senate bill No. 113. it is a lit-
tle bill reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary in regard to legal pi oceodings, which I think
will not occupy tune or create division. Jf itdoes,
1 will not ask the attention of the Senate upon it,
but let it be postponed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider t.hf bill (S. No. 113) relating to the judiciary.
The Committee <>n the Judiciary repotted the
bill, to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
Thar the laws ot the several States, except where the
Cou.-tmmon, ueatio*, or statutes o| the United tftatesshal!
otlu-iwiM' lequue or provide, hhail he regnidud as rules ot
evidence, practice, and decision, in ail trials at common
law in equity, and in admiralty,m thecomtsot the United
i tftates, in ca^^ wheie, they apply.
! And to insert in lieu thereof:
i Thnt tli " law., of the seveial States, except where the
i Constitution, ti entity, or statutes ol the'Uuitod States shall
i othenvioc lequue or piovide, sdiall he legaided as ruh-s of
| decision in all tnals at common law in the courts of the
( lTnited States, in cases u lieu ihey apply; also in all trials
in equity in all Stales having com is ot equity, eithei pepa-
' iate lrom court" of law or where the couits of law ate
i vested with equity powers..
; Mr. SUMNER. To that amendment of the
1 committee, I desire to move an additional amend-
, meni, as follows:
And theie shall be no exclusion of any witness on ac-
1 count of eolni.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course, as that will produce
discussion and division, and defeat the hill, I waive
it.
Mi. DAVIS. This is a very necessary bill in
(lie Suite of Kentucky, and I do think the Sen-
, ator lrom Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be re-
ported from tho desk, if the Senator pleases.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not suppose that that
bill would be called up to-day. 1 had noticed it
among our bills on the Calendar, but I was not
prepared for it to-day.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 will move, if the Senator will
allow me, to lay it on the table. I do not wish to
take up time on a matter that is 'perfectly futile,
perfectly idle.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to finish what I have to say. I have re-
garded it from the first moment itwas introduced
as an important bill; but it was a bill that I thought
Congress ought not to act upon at this session,
unless it was prepared to associate with it the
amendment which I have now introduced; andin
order to illustrate the importance of it, I had my-
self gone through the statutes of the different States,
m order to exhibit to the Senate what I would call
theimperativo necessity for such a provision. Tiie
Senator from Connecticutshows some impatience
because 1 have ventured to make this amendment
to his bill.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
it is not impatience at ail. There are several other
bills here which 1 am desirous of passing; and I
do not wish either to have this or any other mat-
ter got up before the Senate that would create di-
vision, produce a lengthy discussion, and end in
no quorum. 1 can assure, the Senator I have no
other impatience than a desire to get some of the
bills which are on the table through to-day, if I
can, without having the day wasted.
Mr. SUMNER. I sympathize with the Sena-
tor, but 1 venture to say that in his desire to get
at other bills which he pioposes to take up, he
should not—he will pardon me if I say it—do in-
justice to the motives with which I make this prop-
osition. I wish the passage of the bill that he has
reported as amended by me, but I do not think it
would be creditable to the legislation of the coun-
try for us now to pass the bill without the amend-
ment which I have proposed. If the Senator from
Connecticut had been Kt the trouble to go over the
legislation of the slave States on this subject, and
had seen the crying injustice which is sanctioned
by that legislation, and which my amendment will
at once remove within the Federal jurisdiction, I
believe I should have his most hearty support.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Massachu-
setts is wholly unwarranted in supposing that I
do not support his amendment as heartily as he
does—wholly unwarranted m drawing any infer-
ence from anything I have said, that I entertain
an opinion that is in the slightest degree at va-
riance with liis. Ail I meant to say was that it
was apparent we could not have a vote on that
amendment and pass this bill to-day—that is all.
If the Senator will wait for a few moments he will
see, I think, very cieaily that I am right in that
opinion, at all events, however cironeous I may
be in others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the Committee on
the Jud iciary.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. POWELL called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate is
again without a quorum.
Mr. POWELL, t move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Mesa-is. IJiovvnimr. Foot. Harris, Henderson,
Howe. Lane of Indiana, Potneioy, Powell, Sumner, and
Wright—JO.
NAYS—>Ies«rs. Anthonv, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, Dixon, Festendcn, Fo-tci. [Idle, Ilailan, Howard,
King, Lane or Kansas, ftion ill. "Nesmith, tfaulabuiy. Sher-
man, Simmon?, Stark. Ten Eycfc, Wade, Wtiiey, and Wil-
son ofAIts.souu—13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuse to adjourn, but there is no quorum to do
business.
Mr. CLARK. I move that tiie Sergcant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of ab-
sent Senators.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant*
at-Arms will perform that duty.
