2138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
I hope that it will be voted down, and not added
to this bill. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Com-
merce for the purpose of having this amendment
considered.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say a word before that
is done.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. ELIOT. If we recommit this bill, the re-
sult may be that there will be no action upon this
bill at all during the present session. It is very
desirable that the bill, as reported by the commit-
tee, should become a law. The amount of money
which will be saved to the Treasury will be large,
and collection districts which are now really of no
consequence at all will be properly abolished; and
1 would suggest to the gentleman from California
that he withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw my
motion to recommit.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the motion to re-
commit.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I hope the bill will notbe
recommitted. The bill before the House proposes
to abolish offices which cost this Government
$10,000 annually, for which the Government re-
ceives no equivalent. This bill has been approved
by the Treasury Department. The institution of
new collection districts is not germane to the act
which we now have under consideration. This
is to abolish collection districts, and the proposed
amendment is to create districts.
Now, the committee have considered this matter
of creating new districts. There is no need at all
of recommitting this bill, for if the gentleman pro-
poses that the committee shall consider his prop-
osition, they can consider it. They have a bill
appertaining to the same subject-matter, with ref-
erence to Washington and Oregon, now before
them. The committee are exam'ing that subject,
and upon it have already obtained some informa-
tion, and they propose to get some other facts from
the Department.
I agree with the gentleman from New York
[Mr. P. A. Conkling) that we ought to have some
data before us before we act. As this is an inde-
pendent proposition, which the committee has
passed upon, and as they do not propose at all to
modify the proposition to abolish the collection
districts, and as this independent proposition
ought not to be embarrassed while the committee
are attaining information upon the proposition
made by the gentleman from California, I hope
the bill will not be recommitted, but that it will
pass as it is, and that that proposition will receive
from the committee that consideration to which
it is entitled, independent of the proposition now
before the House.
The motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF COLLECTORS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a substitute, a joint res-
olution (S. No. 36) limiting the compensation of
collectors of customs, Navy officers, and other offi-
cers employed in the collection of customs.
The substitute, which was read, strikes out all
after the resolving clause, and provides that all
fines, penalties, and forfeitures recovered by vir-
tue of the revenue acts of the United States, and
not otherwise appropriated, shall, after deducting
all proper costs and charges, be disposed of as
follows; three quarter parts to the use of the Uni-
ted States, to be paid into the Treasury thereof by
the person receiving the same, and the other quar-
ter part shall be divided equally between the col-
lector, the naval officer of the district, and the
surveyor of the port wherein the same shall have
heen incurred, or to such officers as may be in such
district; and in districts where only one of such
offices shallhavebeenestablished, ono quarter part
shall be given to such officer, provided notwith-
standing, that in all cases where such penalty, &c.,
shall be recovered, in pursuance of information
given to such collector by any person other than
the naval officer or surveyor of the district, one
half of such quarter part shall be given to such in-
former, and the remainder thereof shall be dis-
posed of between the collector, naval officer, sur-
veyor or surveyors of the port, as before provided.
It is also provided that where any fines, &c.,
are recovered in consequence of any information
given by any officer of a revenue cutter, they shall,
after deducting all proper costs and charges, be
disposed of as follows:* two quarter parts shall be
for the use of the United States, one quarter part
for the officers of customs, to be distributed as
before mentioned, and the remainder thereof to
the officers of such cutter.
It is provided always, whenever a seizure, con-
demnation, and sale of goods, wares, and mer-
chandise shall take place in the United States, and
the value thereof shall be less than ยง250, that part
of the forfeiture which accrues to the United States,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall be
applied to the payment of the costs of prosecution.
The bill further provides that if any officer or
other person entitled to have a share in such fines,
&c., shall be necessary as a witness upon the trial
of any such case, he shall not receive or be en-
titled to any share of such fines, penalties, or
forfeitures, and that the share to which he would
otherwise be entitled shall revert to the United
States.
The bill also repeals certain parts of the acts of
1790 and 1799. relating to the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the substi-
tute by adding thereto the following:
JInd be it further resolved, That the net proceeds of prizes
and forfeitures, fines and penalties, coming to the United
States ehal! be applied for tlie rcimbuisement of the Treas-
myfor the amount appiopriated as compensation for the
slaves liberated by the act abolishing slavery in the District
of Columbia.
I think this proposition should strike the House
favorably. We have appropriated out of the
Treasury ยง1,000,000 for compensation for slaves
liberated in this District. We have, on the other
hand, obtained a large quantity of prizes, forfeit-
ures, &c., claimed as the property of rebels, and
out of that amount thus received a portion goes
into the Treasury of the United States. This
money could not be more appropriately used than
to reimburse the Treasury for the amount appro-
priated by the District bill, rather than to have it
swallowed up in the general fund.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow me to suggest that the forfeitures to
which he refers are not embiaced in this bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I will withdraw the
amendment from this bill, and offer it to the other
bill when it comes up.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that this
bill gives twenty-five per cent, of the penalties,
&c., to the officers engaged in enforcing the laws?
Mr. ELIOT. It does. The law now gives
them fifty per cent.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can the gentleman inform
me what is the estimated amount of these forfeit-
ures and penalties which accrue within the limits
of the collection district of New York ?
Mr. ELIOT. I can answer the gentleman. A
statement of the amount which has been divided
for several years past I have before me. But I will
say to the gentleman from Indiana that he has
had upon his desk for some time past Executive
Document No. 54, which contains a particular
statement, showing the exact amount received by
the officers of the customs, from their salaries and
from fines and forfeitures. That statement is con-
tained in a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
uiy, and was obtained for the purpose of furnish-
ing to the House the information which the gen-
tleman calls for from me.
I will now say that the resolution, as reported
from the Senate, was considered by the commit-
tee, and it was considered that the amountofsal-
ary therein contemplated was large enough for all
practical purposes, and that there would probably
be no objection upon the part of any member of
the House to say that no salary should be received
by them greater than ยง10,000.
But, sir, the resolution, as passed by the Sen-
ate, prohibits these officers of the customs from
receiving any portion of the tines and forfeitures
recovered from the sale of property under the
revenue laws. Now, it so happens that there has
been some experience in the Government as to the
effect of a suspension of the law which nowgives
to them, and has given to them since 1799, with
the exception of a few years, a portion of these
fines and forfeitures. During the time when the
law was suspended, it was found that there were
no prosecutions. I hold in my hand a statement
showing the amount of fines and forfeitures re-
covered before the law was suspended, and the
amount of fines and forfeitures recovered during
the time when the law was suspended. It turned
out, in fact, that when the stimulus was removed,
which the hope and expectation of receiving a
portion of the fines and forfeitures created, there
was no inducement to institute prosecutions, and
the consequence was that the Treasury of the
United States was deprived of large amounts of
money, and parties who had infringed the law
were permitted to go free. The law was then re-
established; but it has been found that since its
reestablishment the amounts received under it
have been from time to time very large; and dur-
ing a few years past they have been altogether
exorbitant. Half of the money goes to the Treas-
ury, it is true, but the half which is received by
the officers of the customs, together with their
salaries, makes an amount of compensation in
some cases larger than that which is received by
the President of the United States. The Com-
mittee on Commerce, upon a careful examination
of this question, believed that it would be better
to reduce the amount of the proportion which
these officers are to receive, giving them one fourth
part instead of one half, rather than to limit the
amount of their salaries to ยง10,000, and deprive
them of any portion of these fines and forfeitures.
We believe that in that way the stimulus will still
exist to induce a proper application of the law to
parties offending, and yet that the amount which
will be received by the officers of the customs
will not, under the circumstances, be extravagant.
1 suppose that it is very well known that it is a
business which ought to be attended with a rea-
sonable compensation. This prosecuting for fines
is a thankless task, and the information which is
received has to he paid for; and, upon the whole,
the comtpittee have been under the belief that the
resolution, as now reported, would not enable
them to receive more than a fair and proper com-
pensation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts state to the House what
amount, in the opinion of the Committee on Com-
merce, will go to the collector, the Navy agent,
and the surveyor of the port of New York, tinder
this bill during the present year? In other words,
I ask the gentleman whether the committee is in
the possession of any statistics or facts showing
the amount of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac-
cruing in that collection district during the pres-
ent year?
Mr. ELIOT. It would be somewhat a matter
of estimate, sir. I have not that tabular statement
which the gentleman calls for.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
if the committee had any facts before them upon
that point?
Mr. ELIOT. It appears from the statement to
which I have referred that, between the 1st of
July, 1861, and the 31st of December, 1861, the
amount which the collector received was a little
over six thousand dollars, and it probably will
not vary much from that.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Was that for a sin-
gle month?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; for six months.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. He received that sum
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures alone?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; and under the existing
law the United States got the same amount, or
more. The gentleman knows very well that there
are other officers besides the collector, who are
interested in these fines. Upon the best calcula-
tion that we could make, it was the belief of the
committee that the compensation allowed would
not be extravagant if the amount which the law
now gives them should be reduced from one half
to one quarter, dividing the quarter applicable to
the officers of the customs between the parties
who arc interested in these prosecutions, and who
must be paid in order to secure their services;
parties not known to the law, and not named in
the law, but who operate for those connected with
the customs, who are to receive this amount under
the law.
