1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
Mr. F, A. CONKLING. I would inquire of
the gentleman if the information which he has now
given to the House has been given to the com-
mittee under oath ?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir. The information came
partly m answer to an inquiry made by the com-
mittee while they were considering the propriety
of reporting the Senate resolutions. It came also
through the Treasury Department, in a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury to this House, in
reply to a resolution of inquiry. It is official in-
formation .
Mr. ODELL. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has answered the question of my colleague.
The statement made here by the Treasury Depart-
ment is correct; just as correct as it could be if
sworn to. It is a statement of the number of
dollars and cents which the collector, the Navy
agent, and the surveyor, each of them has received.
It was forwarded by the auditor of the custom-
house to the Department here, and this account
is kept here and current there. The figures are
correct.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Can the gentleman
state the amount which the collector has received
from fines, penalties, and forfeitures?
Mr-. ODELL. I will answer my colleague's
question. The amount of money that the pres-
ent collector has received since he came into office
on the 8th of April, 1861, up to December 31, is
$6,456 45, as his proportion of the proceeds of
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred under the
revenue laws—not under any confiscation law
passed here last July. Some gentlemen have that
impression, hut it is not so.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. How much is that?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. He does not receive any-
thing under that law.
Mr. ODELL. Be it more or less, it goes to the
United States. It does not belong to either of these
officers.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
Mr. BLAlR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to offer an amendment to this
section.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe I will not yield.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will not the gen-
tleman permit me to offer an amendment?
Mr. ELIOT. Well, I do not like to be dis-
courteous. If the gentleman from Missouri has
an amendment that he has considered, and that
he thinks ought to be entertained by the House,
I will withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman as withdrawing the demand for the
previous question ?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
That the surveyors of ports in the western States who
perform the duties of collectors shall be compensated as
collectors and receive the same pay, commissions, and
allowances.
Mr. ELIOT. I now renew the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Blair, of
Missouri, was disagreed to.
The substitute reported by the Committee on
Commerce was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to amend the title of the
joint resolution so as to make it read: " Joint res-
olution regulating the distribution of fines and
penalties recovered by virtue of the revenue acts
of the United States, and for other purposes." ■
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the title was amended; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM, (at
twenty-live minutes past four o clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 15, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE. I present a petition from citi-
zensoflndianaand Ohio, very numerously signed,
praying that a vigorous confiscation bill may be
passed by Congress. As a bill has now been re-
ported, I move that the petition lie on the table.'
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Washington and Chickasaw coun-
ties, in the State of Iowa, praying for the con-
struction of a ship canal between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river. I have presented sev-
eral petitions of this kind, and asked that they be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
suppose the inference may possibly be drawn that
these petitioners intended to ask for an enlarge-
ment of the Illinois canal. I simply desire to state
that I understand these petitioners think they are
petitioning for the construction of a canal by the
way of the Wisconsin and Fox rivers, between
the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan. I move
that this petition be referred to the Committee oil
Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the committee on the con-
duct of the war, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Indiana, praying that Congress cease
legislation upon the subject of slavery, and bend
their energies to the single purpose of putting
down the rebellion and restoring the Government
to the position it occupied previous to the rebel-
lion, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it lie on the table; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
437) to extend the territorial limits of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 357) to provide
a temporary government for the Territory of Ari-
zona, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 254) to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Ari-
zona, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING, from thciCommittee on
Territories, to whom was referred thetall (H. R.
No. 374) to secure freedom to all person within
the Territories of the United States, reported it
with an amendment.
MESSAGE PR031 THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 450) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863.
A bill (No. 474) to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue American registers to certain
vessels.
A bill (No. 475) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the names of certain ves-
sels.
A bill (No. 476) abolishing certain collection
districts and reducing compensation of officers of
customs in California.
A joint resolution (No. 62) requiring an index
of the names of adult males or heads of families
embraced in the census.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 259) for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel
Charles F. Ruff, of the United States Army.
Also, that the House had passed the following
joint resolutions of the Senate with amendments;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 36) limiting the com-
pensation of collectors of the customs, naval offi-
cers, and other officers employed in the collection
of the customs.
A joint resolution (No. 67) in relation to the
claim of Marshall 0. Roberts for the loss of the
steamer Star of the West.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed, on the 13th instant, the following acts;
An act (H. R. No. 4G0) to establish a port of
entry in the collection district of Beaufort, South
Carolina. "
An act (H. R. No. 444) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved August 5, 1861.
An act (C. C. No. 108) for the relief of John
Skirvmg.
And on the 14th instant, an act(H.R. No. 404)
to provide for the deficiency in the appropriation
for the pay of the two and three years volun-
teers, and the officers and men actually employed
in the western department.
ENROLLMENT OF BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a resolution that I
offered some months ago, which is on the Calen-
dar, proposing an amendment to the rules respect-
ing the manner of enrolling bills and joint resolu-
tions of the two Houses of Congress. If agree-
able to the Senate, I should like to call up that
resolution and make it the special order for halt
past twelve o'clock to-morrow. I wish to make
a statement on the subject, and I hope then to have
the advantage of the presence of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] the chairman of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether, if a resolution or anything is made a
special order for half past twelve o'clock, it ceases
at one o'clock or goes on.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly it ceases.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does cease
at one o'clock if there be any other special order,
and either specially assigned for that hour or com-
ing up as the unfinished business of the preceding
day. Any previous assignment for the earlier
hour gives way on reaching the hour for the spe-
cial assignment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unwilling that a
special order shall be made to apply to any but
the niOrning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not intend that this shall
apply except in the morning hour. It is a mat-
ter that properly comes up in the morning hour,
relating to the business of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to take up the resolu-
tion indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the question now pending upon this res-
olution is a motion to reconsider the vote refer-
ring it to the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. SUMNER. In my absence, on the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] it was referred to the committee by a mis-
take, and the Senator from New Hampshire moved
a reconsideration of that reference in order to give
me an opportunity of making the statement with
regard to it which I desire to make to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on the motion to reconsider the
vote referring it to the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the original motion to refer it to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I move that, it be post-
poned and made the special order for to-morrow
morning at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
VETO POWER IN COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the memorial of
John Evans, Governor of Colorado Territory,
praying for a modification of that clause of the
second section of the organic law of said Territory,
defining the duties and powers of the Governor so
as to conform more clearly to the spirit and genius
of our institutions, have instructed me to report a
bill, and as it is a very short one, and one pro-
posing to correct a mere mistake, I apprehend, in
the organic law of Colorado Territory, I ask that
it may be put upon its passage now.
