THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 311)
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide a tem-
porary governmentfor theTerritory ofColorado,"
was read twice by its talc, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, ft directs that the sec-
ond section of the act to which it is an amendment
be altered so as to read as follows: the executive
power arid authority in and over said Territory of
Colorado shall be vested in a Governor, who shall
hold his office for four years and until his succes-
sor shall be appointed and qualified, unless sooner
removed by the President of the United States.
The Governor shall reside within said Territory,
shall be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof,
shall perform the duties and receive the emolu-
ments of superintendent of Indian affairs. He may
grant pardons for offenses against the laws of said
Territory, and reprieves for offenses against the
laws of the United States until the decision of the
President can be made known thereon. Ho shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to
office under the laws of said Territory, and shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
The second section of the bill provides that every
bill which shall have passed the Legislative As-
sembly shall, before it becomes a law, be presented
to the Governor of the Territory; if ho approve,
he shali sign it; but if not, he shall return it with
his objections to the House in which it originated,
who shall enter the objections at large on their
journal and proceed to reconsider it. If after such
reconsideration, two thirds of that House agree
to pass the bill, it shall be sent together with the
-objections to the other.House, by which it shall
be likewise reconsidered, and if approved by two
thirds of that House it shall become a law; but in
all such eases the votes of both Houses shall be
determined by yeas and nays, to be entered on the
journal of each House lespectivoly. If any bill
shali not bo returned by the Governor within three
days, Sundays excepted, after it shall have been
presented to him, it shall be a law in like manner
ns if he had signed it, unless the Assembly by ad-
journment prevent its retain, in which case it shali
not be a law.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state that all this
bill provides tor is simply to correct a mistake in
tin: oi^anie act.
Mi. rOWELL. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, I desire to inquire whethei the Gov-
ernor is only allowed thiee days to consider bills ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. I will suggest that that is
hardly long enough for a Governor to prepare a
veto message. The Senate had better putit at ten
days. That is the usual time.
Mr. WILKINSON. Three days is the time
usually fixed in territorial bills. The section of this
bill giving the veto power ts m precisely the same
words as in the othei tentorial bills. The neces-
sity for the passage of this bill results from the
fact that the organic, act of the Teiritory of Col-
orado, 1 suppose by mistake, gives the Governor
an absolute veto. It says in unqualified terms,
"and he shali approve all laws passed by the Le-
gislative Assembly before they shall take effect."
And there is no proviso. I think it was left out
by mistake. This bill makes it conform to the
other territorial bills.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out " three
days,"5 and inseit " ten days."
Mr. WADE. I should not have much objec-
tion to that; but it is not common m these territo-
rial bills to allow so much time. [ believe m the
Constitution of the United States it i,s ten days,
but that rule has not been followed in the Tem-
toiics. This is the ordinary limitation. That is all
X have to say about it. All I desire is to make
it conform to all 'he rest.
Mr. POWELL. Ten days' time is given to the
President, and is given to tile Governors in most
of the States. At the penod when (he bills usually
go to the Governoi, he is \ery much pressed fot
time, and 1 think ten days is not too £re<n an al-
lowance to lam. The principle would apply as
well to the Territories as to the States. These
territorial bills go to the Governor when he is com-
pelled to examine and sign a large number. They
are usualty thrown upon him in large numbcisat
the close oi the session. Three days is really too
*hort a lime to give him an opportunity to con-
snlei them deliberately, i have had some experi-
ence iti that way, and I havt found it &o.
Mr. WADE. I suppose thoie is a good reason
for fixing the time at three days. The session of
the Legislature is limited to forty days, and there
is but very little business done there ^legislation.
When you compare the duties of a territorial
Governor under those circumstances to those of
the President of the-United States, you invest him
with an importance that really does not belong to
him. I suppose he can consider everything that
will arise in the Territory, by way of legislation,
as well in three days as in ten. When the ses-
sion of the Legislature can only last forty days
1 do not think we ought to make the Legislature
dance attendance on him for ten days, one fourth
of their whole time.
Mr. POjVI-ERQY. It would be a great incon-
venience to the Legislature of a Territory to allow
the Governor ten days m which to return a bill.
It would oblige the Legislature, after they had
got through with their business, to sit eight or ten
days longer, or else the Governor might pocket
all the bills passed at the end of the session. He
would not be obliged to veto them, for he could
prevent their becoming laws by not returning
them; and if the Legislature did not keep to-
gether for ten days, they could not receive a veto
message. It would be a great inconvenience to
the Territories to allow any longer than three
days.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,and ordered to beengrossed and read
a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on tho
bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Washington
and Georgetown Railway Company submit a re-
port, which I send to the desk to be read. If any
explanation is necessary, I will make it after the
report shall be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. Will it be understood that
these seveial amendments are adopted as read?
The PRESIDENT/jro tempore. The only ques-
tion on the report of a committee of confeience is
on concurring in that report.
Mr. GRIMES. Will it be understood that the
Senate concurs in them as they are read? If so,
I want to except some amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will not be put on concurrence until they are all
read,
Mr. GRIMES. I shall ask a separate vote on
some of tjft'Wunendmonts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The report
will be read.
The Secretary read tho report, as follows:
Tho committee of conference 011 the disagreeing vote^
of the two Houses on tiie bill (S. No. 178) u to nicoi poiatc
tlie Washington and Georgetown Railway Company,55 do
icpoit as follows:
That the .Senate concur in thefirst «eetion of the amend-
ment ot the JioiiM? ol Repiesontatives with the following
amendment-5, namely
1. Stuke out i.om the woids '• Horace M. Dewey,in
the thmi line, down to the woid-* " lid waul A Abbott,"1' m
the seventh line, both iriclu-ive, and uwnttbe woid? "Ekab
Kinsman, Franklin Tenuej. J. J. Coombs Suylcs J. Bowen,
Chaile-* 11 Upton, Uemy Add-on, Ilallctt Kilboui n."
v2 .Strike out from the woid " noithern,"m the twentv-
third line, down to and nu'l tiding the woid " company" m
the ilnineth I me, and m^eit rhe woid-* " southern bonndaiy
or the Capitol gumnd-*; and along their southern boundaiy
eastei ly to Pcnihj ivatna avenue; along Mid Pennsylvania
avenue to Eighth .street east, or Garrison street; and along
paid -tieet.-outii to the na\y-jaid gatc.wnli alatetal road
lunmng along the eastern liont of the Capitol Horn the
--outhein to the noithem gate, and thence by A sneer to the
depot of the Baltmioie and Ohio laihoad ; and thence fiom
said depot tlnough Fir^t-tieet west to Peim^jlvaiua avenue,
so as to intersect vvilh said main lorid."
3. Between the woid " Hack" and the word " laihvay."
ni the thuty-tust hue, insert tho won! bianch."
4. Sti ike out the woids Rhode Island avenue," m the
tlm ly-Ioni !h hue, and inseit the woids •• Boundary stieet."
5. Anei the woid ♦•west," in the thirty-hi til line, inseit
the u md<, and York avenue."
B. Stuke out the woids "or to the Potomac," in the
tlnrtv-hltli and thut\ -<ixth lines, and insert in lieu theieof
the w old,-, to a point ot intersection with said fhst men-
tioned lailvvay."
7. Stuke out tin- word kk road?." in the thirty-ninth line,
and in.-ert in hcu thereof the word-*, '• main railway, or
between the leimuii of either of ?aul bianeh iailwa\s, or
between enhet teuninus of-aid mam laihvay and the ter-
minus oi eiiij"t ot Mid bianeh iaiiw<i)s. '
And that the Huiis.- of R> 'piesenum es agree to the said
several amendm-ns.
Thar the Senate concur in the second section of the ;
amendment ol the House of Repie&eutatives.
That the thud section of the amendment of the House of
Representatives be stucken out.
That the Senate concur m the fourth section of the amend-
ment of the Ilouse of IlepiObentatives, with the following
amendments, namely:
1. Stuke out the words " the guage of the tracks" in the
seventh hue.
2. Strikeout the woid "them" in the eighth line, and
insert the words "the two tracks" in lieu thereof.
And that the Ilouse of Representatives agiee to the said
amendments.
That the Senate concur in the fifth section of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives with the following
amendments., namely:
1. Strike out the words "track and the pavements with-
in" m the second and third lines, and insert the word
" tracks" in Jieu thereof.
2. Strike out the word "always" in the fourth line, and
insert the words " thereof and also the space between the
tracks at all tunes well paved, and" in Jieu theieof.
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
amendments.
That the sixth section of the amendment of the House of
Representatives he stucken out.
That the Senate concur in the seventh section of the
amendment ot the House of Repiesentatives with the fol-
lowing amendments, namely:
1. Strike out tho woids " likewise of" in the sixth line,
and insert the woids "from so altering or improving" in
lieu theieof.
2. Sttike out the words " the level of" in the ninth line,
and insert the word " their" m lieu thereof.
3. After the word "grade," in the ninth line, add the
woids "and pavements."
And that the House of Representatives agiee to the said
amendments.
That i ho Senate concur in the eighth section of the amend-
ment of the House of Renie«entatives.
That the Senate concur in the ninth section of the amend-
ment of the House or tiepresentatives.
'Chat the Senate concur in the tenth section of the amend-
ment of the House of Repiesentatives, with the following
amendments, namely:
1. After the word " be," in the second line, insert the
woids " not h-^s than."
■2. Alter the woid " tlnee," m the second line, insert the
words nor more than five."
And that the House of Representatives agree to the said
amendments.
That the Senate concur in the eleventh section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives with the fol-
lowing amendment-*, namely;
1. Strike out tho woid "railroad," in the second line,
and inseit the woid "lailways" in lieu theieof.
2. After the woid " minutes," m the filth line, insert tho
woids " except as to Seventh and Fourteenth sheets, and
on rhe^c once in fifteen minutes each way."
And that the House of Repiesentatives agree to the said
amendments.
That tho Senate concur in the twelfth section of the
amendment of the House of Repiesentatives with the fol-
lowing amendment, namel,y :
Strike out all of said section after the woid "men-
tioned," in rhe eleventh line.
And that the House ot Representatives agree to the said
amendment.
That the Senate concui in the thirteenth section of the
amendment of the Ilouse ol Representatives.
That the Senate coneui in the fourteenth section of the
amendment ol the House of Representatives with the fol-
lowing amendment, namely:
Stuke out all of said section after the word "enacted,"
m the fu.-t line, and in < it as follows : " That said ooipo-
sition shall, on demand of the Pre-ident of the United
States, Seeietaiy of War, oi Sccietaiy of the Navv, cause
to be tian.spoited ovei saul i ail way any freight car< laden
with height for the ur-.c ot the Government of the United
States; the ofFiceis causing such soivice to be done <*haii
pay a tea.sonable compensation theiefor."
And that the House of Repiesentatives agree to the said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the fifteenth section of the
amendment of the House of Repiesentatives with the fol-
lowing amendment, namely.
Stuke out all of said section aftci tho woid "enacted,"
irithefn-n line, and inseit as follows: " That within five
da>* afiei the passage of this act, the coipoiators named in
the first section, oi a majouty of them, oi if anv u fuse or
neglect to act, ihen a maiouty ot the remainder, shall cause
books oi subscription to the capita! stock of Mid company
to be opened and kept open m some convenient and access-
ible place in the cifv ol Washington, tiom nine o'clock in
the loienoon till five o'clock in the afternoon, lot a period
to be fixed by Mid coipoiatois, not less than two daj>, and
said co!poiaior& i-ball give public notice, by advancement
in the daily papeis published in the oitv of Wa-hington, of
the time when and the place wheie t;ud book-* shall be
opened, and subscriber upon said book-Uo the capital stock
ol the company-hall be held to bo stockholder: Prowled,
That eveiy subsciiber shall pav, at the time of subscribing,
twenn-hve per cent, oi the amount hy him sub-cubed,
to the trea^uiei appointed by the coipoiator, or his suh-
hcnptiou shall be null and void Tf, at the end of two daw,
a laiger amount than the capita! stock of said company
shali have been sub-cubed, the book* shall be closed, and
the Mid eoipotatoi^ named in the firr-t ^e<-tion. *hall f'oith-
wjth proceed to apportion said capital stock anions the snb-
senbeis pro rata, and make public piocianunou or th6
number ot -bases allotted to <.aeh, which shali be done and
completed on the same daj thaf the bom<x aie closed Pio-
vulcd further, i hat nothing -diali he icecivt d m payment of
the twenty-live ppj cent at the tune of sub--cnhing cveept
mone\ oi checks, oi ci «ttfi< ate*ot dep.wl indorsed 'good,'
b\ the pi evident ot e.bliiei of t-ome good "solvent bank or
banks. And when tin; books of sub-eiiption to the capi-
tal stn/ k oi Mid eumpanj shall be closed, the eoipoiators
named in the fust section, or a majority ot them, and in
case any of thuin lefuse or neglect to act, then a majoiity
