1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
•The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the indul-
gence of the House to have the 38th rule read.
. The Clerk read, as follows:
<( When a motion is made and seconded, it shall be stated
by the Speaker; or, being m writing, it shall be handed to
the Chair, and read aloud by the Cleik, before debated."
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say in
addition, in explanation of his decision that no
amendments were pendingto this resolution, that
no motion is considered to be in possession ofthe
House until it has been stated by the Chair.
The Chair will also remark that no member
upon the floor can yield to another for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment if there be objec-
tion. If objection is made he cannot yield unless
he yields unconditionally.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had ap-
pointed Mr. Wright, of Indiana, a member of
the joint committee on the conduct of the war, in
place of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of
the Senate to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely postponed
the bill of the House (No. 241) for the payment
of the field officers of volunteer regiments for ser-
vices rendered prior to the full organization of the
regiments.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at twenty
minutes past six o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 12, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in pursuance of the act of May 1,
1820, a statement of the appropriations applicable
to the service of the War Depattment for the fis-
cal year 1800-61; the amount drawn from the
Treasury by requisitions during the same period;
the balances on the 1st July, 1861, and the appro-
priations carried to the surplus fund; which, on
motion of Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.McDOUGALL presented the petition ofR.
Withers and others, praying for mail service by
steam vessels between the Atlantic Suites and
California, in addition to the overland mail; which
was leferred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the officers of
the eighth regiment New Jersey volunteers, and
memorials of the officers of the first, second, and
fifth regiments of the Excelsior bi igade, remon-
strating against the abolition of regimental bands;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the petitions of John
Buckingham and fifty-nine others, citizens of Wa-
terbury; of Alonzo Bailey and twenty-two oth-
ers, citizens of Roekviile; of E. II. Roberts and
seventy-two others, citizens of Middletown; and
of H. Huntingdon and one hundred and thirteen
others, citizens of Hartford, all of the State of
Connecticut, setting forth that they earnestly
desire " to see our distiacted country restoied to
its former condition of peace and prosperity, and
firmly believe that the compromise on the subject
of slavery, embodied in the Constitution adopted
by our fathers, is the only bond which can reunite
and hold us together as a brotherhood of States,
and therefore beseech you, as national legislators,
to leave it for fanatics and demagogues and other
people of that sort, while you, like true patriots,
like enlightened statesmen and philanthropists,
seek your country's welfare by aoing what you
can, by proper means, for the reestablishment of
the Constitution and laws as expounded by the
courts." I ask that these petitions be received,
and laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr, TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution for
the expulsion of Hon. Lazarus W. Powell, a
Senator from the State of Kentucky, reported it
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I give notice that to-morrow
morning I shall ask that the report in the case of
my colleague be taken up by the Senate; and I
shall make a motion to reverse the report.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of John Carter,
late a soldier in the service of the United States,
praying for pension, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. Harriet B.
Macomb, praying for arrears of pension, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. IiOWE, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the biil (S. No. 177) for the
relief of Sylvester Crooks, reported it with an
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
227) to authorize the President to take possession
of certain property and for other purposes, which
was read twice by its title, refeired to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to hp, printed.
Mr. LATHAM, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 228)
to repeal all the laws prohibiting foreign steam-
ships from carrying American freights and mails
between New York and Aspinwali, and Panama
and San Francisco, California; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Post OlHce and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No 229)
to provide for the administration of the oath of al-
legiance to American citizens in foreign countries;
which was read twice by its title, and leferred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(No. 67) in relation to the claims of Marshall 0.
Roberts, for the loss of the steamei Star of the
West; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE JtfROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Ilouse had passed a joint resolution (No. 48) de-
claring that Congress ought to cooperate with, af-
fording pecuniary aid to, any State which may
adopt the gradual abolish merit of slavery; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No 80) to amend
" An act to nicoiporate the Columbian Institution
for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind,55 and to make appropriations for the benefit
thereof.
The message further announced that the House
! had agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
I on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
i bill (S. No. 136) to provide for the appointment
! of sutlers in the volunteer service, and to define
! their duties; and had appointed Mr. F. P. Blair
! of Missouri, Mr. William A. Richardson of
i Illinois, and Mr. Edward McPherson of Penn-
i sylvania, managers at the same on its part.
! ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
' The message also announced that the Speaker
| of the House had signed an enrolled bill (II. R.
| No. 299) to make an additional article of war;
I which thereupon received the signature of the
| Vice President.
j BILLS BECOME LAWS.
; The message further announced that the Pres-
i identofthe United States had approved and signed,
on the 6th instant, the following enrolled bills and
joint resolutions:
An act (H. R. No. 302) to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 294) requiring an oath of
allegiance and to support the Constitution of the
United States to be administered to masters of
American vessels clearing for foreign or other
ports during the present rebellion; and
A resolution (H. R. No. 37) in relation to cer-
tain railroads in the State of Missouri.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 48) declaring that Congress ought
to cooperate with, affording pecuniary aid to, any
State which may adopt the gradual abolishment
of slavery, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TIIANKS TO CAPTAIN FOOTE.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (S.No. 64) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote, of
the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command in the western flotilla, to
report it back, and recommend its passage. I de-
sire to occupy about half an hour of the time of
the Senate to-morrow, taking this resolution as
the basis of the remarks I desire to submit. I
shall, therefore, feel under obligations to the Sen-
ate it there can be an understanding that at one
o'clock to-morrow this resolution may be taken
up by general consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not say half past
twelve o'clock ?
Mr. GRIMES. Well, half past twelve—any
time to-morrow.
Mr. LATHAM, (to Mr. Grimes.) Make a
motion to that effect.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be made the special order for to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; two thirds concur-
ring.
TIIANKS TO LIEUTENANT TVOItDEN.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 66) expressive of the 'thanks of
Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Worden, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, and to the officers and men un-
der Ins command in the Monitor; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. This joint resolution has
been informally submitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and I have the unanimous assent
of that committee to say that it meets their ap-
proval. I hope the same course will be pursued
with it as with the joint resolution in regard to
Commodore Foote, that it will be postponed until
to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock, when the
vote can probably be taken on both. I move that
it be postponed until that time.
The motion was agreed to.
STATE MONEYS FOR TIIEIR VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Inowmove
to take up Senate resolution (No. 65)to authorize
the Secretary of War to accept moneys appropri-
ated by any State for the payment of its volun-
teers, and to apply the same as directed by such
State.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
Secretary of War, if any State during the present
rebellion shall make any appropriation to pay the
volunteers of that State, to accept the same, and
cause it to be applied by the Paymaster General
to the payments designed by the legislative act
making the appropriation, in the same manner as
if appropiiated by act of Congiess; and also to
make any regulations that may be necessary for
the disbursement and proper application of such
funds to the specific purpose for which they may
be appropriated by the several States.
Mr. GOLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
Senator whether he considers this as superseding
the regulations the States themselves may make
for their own disbursements. The State of Ver-
mont, for instance, have an appropriation for pay-
