1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLCXBB.
of tlie remainder, shall, within twenty days thereafter, call
the fir t meeting of the stockholders of said company to
meet within ten <iay> thereafter, lor the choice of directors,
of which public notice bliali be given foi five clays in two
public newspapers published daily in the city of Washing-
ton, or by written personal notice to cach stockholder by
the clerk of the corporation; and in.all meetings of the
stockholders each share shall entitle the holder to one vote,
to bo given in peison or by proxy."
And that the House of Representatives agree to said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the sixteenth section of the
amendment of the House with the following amendments,
namely:
1. Strike out the woid? " who shall be chosen from and
by the corporalors heiein provided," in the fourth and fifth
hncs, and insert in heu thereof the words " seven in num-
ber."
2. After the word "office," in the sixth line, insert the
words " for one y-ear and."
3. Strike out in the eighth line, the word "nine," and
insert in lieu thereof the words " a majority."
And that the Ilou^e of Representatives agree to said
amendments.
That the Senate concur in the seventeenth section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives with the fol-
lowing amendment, namelv:
Aftei the woids " United States," in the sixth line, add
the words "and the oidmanees of the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown;" ati'i that the House of Representa-
tives agree to the said amendment.
That the Senate concur in the eighteenth section of the
amendment of the House with the following amendment,
namely:
After the word " prescribe," in the fifth line, add the
words '• and such directors shall annually make a report in
writing of their doings to the stockholders and to Con-
gte<s;" and that the House of Representatives agree to said
amendment.
Thai the Senate concur iri the -nineteenth section of the
amendment of the House with the following amendment,
namely:
Sf ike out all of said section after the wotd " authoiized,"
in the sixth line ; and that the House of Representatives
agiee to said amendment.
That the Senate concur m the twentieth section of the
amendment of the Hou-e of Re pie^entatives.
That the Somite eonesn in the twenty-fust section of the
amendment of the Hou^e of Rcpie^ematives with the fol-
lowing amendment, namely:
Stuke our al! oi said section after the woid " enacted."
in the fii&f line, and inseitas follows : " That unless said
coipor.Uion «hall make and complete their said i ad ways be-
tween the Capitol and Georgetown within sixty working
days t lom and alter the company shall have been oieani/ed,
and fiom the Capitol to the navy-yaul within sixty days
thereafter, and on taid Seventh stieet, and from said liound-
aty street on Fourteenth street to the point of intersection,
ab afoiesa d, within six months from the approval of tin--
act, then this actual! be mill and void, and no rights what-
cvei shall be acquired under it."
And th.it the House of Repiesentatives agree to the said
amendment.
That the Senate concur in the twenty-second section of
the amendment of the House of Repiesentatives.
LOT M. MORRILL,
G\RRKTT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEtJS STEVENS,
J. M. ASHLEY,
JOHN B STEELE,
Managers on the pa> t of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in this report. The Chair takes
occasion to say that a report from a committee of
conference is not open to amendment, and is not
susceptible.of a separate vote upon the several
parts. The report of a committee of conference
can only be accepted or rejected as an entirety.
Mr. MORRILL. If the 'Senate will indulge me,
I will state very briefly the condition of the bill as
affected by these amendments; and that the Senate
may understand the subject I will say that some
months ago the Senate passed a bill reported from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
sent it to the House of Representatives for concur-
rence. At a subsequent period that bill was re-
turned to the Senate amended, and the amendment
was a substitute for the bill, striking out all after
the enacting clause and presenting a new bill to the
Senate. That new bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and substan-
tially the committee icported the bill I have in my
hand, punted as No. 178, which was the bill sout
to the Senate, from the House of Representatives,
with such amendments as had been proposed by
the Committee on the Dislrietof Columbia on the
part of the Senate. The bill thus amended re-
ceived the consideration of the Senate the other
day. It will be recollected that after all the pro-
visions of that bill received the consideration of
the Senate at that period, on the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the amend-
ment sent to the Senate by the House of Repre-
sentatives was non-concurred in and the original
Senate bill adhered to, with a view of a eonfeienee
between the two branches. Upon that confoi'-nce
the conferees adopted asthebasis of thcbill which
they would present to the two bodies, the bill
which had been considered by the Senate, so that
the bill which is now presented in the report of the
conferees is substantially the bill which the Sen-
ate considered on the report of the Committee on
the District of Columbia the other day.
I am not aware that there are any essential
amendments presented in this report which were
not considered by the Senate the other day and
adopted. There are one or two differences which
I will state,and thentheSenatcwill understand the
present bill if they recollect the bill which was be-
fore the Senate the other day. The first amend-
ment presented by the conferees 
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand him to say this
is in substance the Senate bill. Was there not a
three per cent, assessment in that bill which is
stricken out by this report?
Mr. MORRILL. I was just about to state to
the Senate the differences between this and the bill
presented by the Senate committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is no bonus required
by this report of the committee whatever.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; nor was there in the
bill matured by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. There was in the bill passed
by the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe I am understood.
The bill as matured by the Senate the other day,
and which was made the basis of the action of the
committee of conference, had not the three per
cent, provision in it. The first difference between
the bill considered the other day, and the one
reported by the committee of conference, is in re-
gard to the corporators. It will be seen by refer-
ence to that bill that there were some thirty cor-
porators, more or less, living in different parts of
the country. The bill, as amended, having made
the duties of these corporators merely nominal,
or, in other words, only such as are common to
commissioneis, simply to inaugurate the corpor-
ation, the confcrcncc committee thought it better
to strike out those names, and confine them to
persons resident in the District of Columbia, as a
matter of convenience, and so adopted that rule.
The first amendment proposed is in section one
to strike out all the corporators and insert seven
who are residents of this District.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What are the names?
Mr. MORRILL. Eliab Kingman, Franklin
Tenney, J. J. Coombs, Saylcs J. Bowen,Chailes
II. Upton, Henry Addison, and HallettKilhourn.
The next amendment of consequence, and I behove
the only one constitutingadifierence between the
two bills, is in section fifteen. By that section,
as the Senate considered it, the subscriptions
were limited to one hundred shares each, and they
were required to pay fifteen per cent, of the sub-
scription at the time of subscribing. Those pro-
visions aie stricken out, and by the section as it
now stands they are required to pay twenty-five
per cent, at the time of subscribing, and there is
no limitation on the amount any one may sub-
sciibe.
I believe I have stated all the substantial dif-
ference between the bill, as reported by the com-
mittee of conference, and that which was con-
sidered by the Senate some days since.
Mr. GRIMES. It is due to myself, I suppose,
and to the Senate also, as I was a memberof this
conference committee,and did not sign the report
made by the committee, that I should state the
reasons why I declined to do so.
The bill, as proposed by the conference com-
mittee, makes some very essential changes irom
the bill that was passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and from the bill that was passed by
the Senate. To its mam features I have no ob-
jection; and I supposed, until the Chair decided
otherwise since the repent was made, that I could
have a separate vote upon two or three of the
amendments, and then I should have been satis-
fied to allow the bill to pass, because I desire a
railroad, and I think 1 represent the people of the
Disuiet when I say that they desire a railroad,
and neither do I nor do they desire to make any
captious opposition to a fair bill. But it seems,
sir, that we must have a vote upon the cnlllf*
amendments as submits d, and being compelled
to vote m that way, I must vote against the whole
conference report, and I want to state the leasons.
In the first place, the committee struck out all
of the corporators—they are termed commission-'
ers, I see, by some gentlerrten; but they are really
corporators under the bill—and substituted the
names of seven other gentlemen. I have no ob-
jection to that. I think they are not all citizens
of the District, though. I think that one of them
not more than two or three weeks ago was hold-
ing a seat in the other end of the Capitol as a mem-
ber of Congress from the State of Virginia;'-but
that is a matter of no consequence.
Mr. MORRILL. Which one is that?
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Upton. I do nofcobject
to the commissioners or corporators. I do not
know enough about them to object to them. But
I see it has been stated elsewher-e that the com-
mittee of conference—
" Struck out the names of the commissioners in the ori-
ginal bill, most of whom were from abroad, and in their place
substituted the names of seven men who are lesidents of
the District of Columbia. I will tell the gentleman how the
committee of conference selected the seven men whose
names are embraced in the pending report. Each member
of the committee was allowed to mention one name, and
the chanman of the Senate committee was allowed to men-
tion two names, which made the seven. We all mentioned
men for whom we could vouch. I mentioned the propri-
etor of the N-ational Hotel, with whom 1 am very well ac-
quainted. The committee was controlled by the single
desire of having a good road built, and of having it built
speedily."
Of course this utterance was made through in-
advertence, because the gentleman from whom it
proceeded knew perfectly well that I utterly and
entirely refused to name anybody, and no man's
name is included m this bill by my procurement,
either directly or indiiectly, by myself or through
another. The statement is made there that the
sole desire was to get good men and to have the
road built speedily. Now, the amendmcntas pro-
posed by the committee,protracts theccmmence-
ment of the road for thirty days beyond the time
fixed by either of the preceding bills. I refer to
the provision in the fifteenth section.
My first objection to this conference report is,
that the committee have ignored wholly the third
section of the original Senate bill, which declared
that this company should pay three per cent, of
its gross receipts to the cities of Washing-ton and
Georgetown for the support of public schools. I
know perfectly, and so does everybody who has
looked into it, that this is going to be a very profit-
able corporation. Some gentleman say, it has
been said elsewhere, that it is believed it will be
more for the interest of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown to have the privilege of taxing the
company than to make them pay a certain percent,
of their gross receipts to the support of public
schools. The tax to the two cities at the highest
rate at which they tax property here would amount
to about eight hundred dollars a year at the most,
whereas the amount estimated by those who are
more familiar with the subject than I am, that
would be paid into the city treasuues from this
percentage on the gross receipts, would be some-
where in the neighborhood of six thousand dollars
a year. That the corporation would be well able
to do it 1 have no manner of doubt. So far as I
can learn, railroad corporations in other cities are
required either to pay a bonus or else to pave
streets and to water streets, to perform certain
offices for the benefit of the city, greatly exceed-
ing in amount the sum that is specified in this bill.
The Mayor of this city, looking to the interests
of his constituents, has handed me a paper con-
taining a statement which I desire to pieeent, that
it may go upon the iccords of the Senate. He
suites that responsible persons have estimated and
have proposed to him and to the city authorities
to build eight miles of double tiaclc,sixteen miles
of single track of street rail way, with forty-two
horse cars and two hundiedand sixty horses, and
the necessary outfit or depots, staoles,&.c., which
can be made and stocked for $200,000. At live
cents a passenger, they can afford to keep the
streets through which the loads pass in complete
order, and pay ten pei cent, to the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown. The street railways in
Baltimore, he says, pay a tax of twenty percent,
gross to thateity, which yielded last year $40,000.
I do not know anythingabout this, I givethe
authority upon which I make the statement; it is
a memorandum that has been furnished to me by
the Mayor of the city of Washington.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The morning
hour having expned,it is incumbent on theChair
