1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Mr. WASHBURNE I ask that the Speaker
order telleis a£;un, under the rale.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen do not vote,the
Chair takes it for granted that there is not a quo-
rum present.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suppose there is
evidently a quotum present.
The SPEAKER. The vote does not show it.
If there be no objection, the Chair will order a
recount by the tellers.
There being 110 objection, the tellers resumed
their plaecs.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 60.
So tin- previous question was not seconded.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to refer that
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay that motion on
the tabic; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will not that carry
the resolution with it?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—ypas Gl, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—'Joseph Hailv, Biddle, Fiancis J\ Blair,
Gcoiyr II. linnvnr, Bun ilium, Oa1v<ji t. Cot)!). Coupei. Cox,
Cinven-.. Ci ittenden, Del, mo, I hvon, l)ucll. JjtutUp, Dunn,
Eu<;U !], Fouler, Goocli, Giui<>r, Halo, Hauling, llam^on,
lloliii.iii, lioopei, Johnson, William Kolloir?, Law, Lazear,
Le.uy, Lehman, Lovojoy, McICmylit, IVlePliet =011, Mullory,
Maynaid. Mooihead, iMorns Noble, Nocll. Noi-
ton, Pendleton, PoiU'i, Kobm^on, Smith, John IJ. Steele,
William G. Benjamin F. Thoma-, Tram, Upton,
Valiandij?bain, WarKwoitli, Wallace, Wriwf'i. Whak'y,
Cinlton A. White, WickhlFe, WoodiutF, W01 center, and
W i i«ht—61.
NAYtf—Alduch, Alley, Babbitt, Baker, Bavtcr,
■Beam.in, Bingham, Samuel S. Blah, Blake, Buffintou,
Chambeilin, Claik, folt.n, Fu.denck A.ConMing, Uoscoe
Conkllng, Covodc/Cutiei, Davis, EdwauN, Lhor, I'V^en-
den, Fianchot, Frank, llanehett, IIurchins, Julian, Pirmeiss
W. Kullogs, Looim>, iMelOan, Mitchell, Anson P. Moirill,
Jusilin S. Morrill, Oil 11, Paiton. Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, John
H. Rice. Riddle, Rdvv.it d II. R0II111-, Saiyeaut, S^d^wick,
Shanks, ^lu-llabai^et, Sinnmau. Shun, Slovens, Tumble,
TiowhiicUe, Vandevei, Wail, W.whbuine, Whcelei, Albert
S. Winte, WiUon, aiul Windom—36.
So the House voted to lay the motion on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. POTTER said: Is it in order to make an
inquiry ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will indulge it by
consent.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr WASHBURNE. I take it that a member
has the right to demand wiiat the question is.
The SPEAKER. Not after the roll-call has
been commenced.
Air. ANCONA, not having been within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to reconsider the vote
by winch the motion was laid on the table; and
on that I demand the yens and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. 1 submit that it is not 111 order to move
to leeonsider an affirmative vote on a motion to
lay on the table. I call the attention of the Chair
to the words of the Manual—-"a negative vote on
a motion to lay on the table may be reconsidered "
—which implies, according to the legal maxim,
that an affirmative vote cannot.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, on
any motion, a motion to rceonsider may be made;
and overrules the point of order.
Mr. WlCIvLIFFE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table. 1 voted with the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and do not want him to re-
consider his vote.
Mr. LOVEJOY. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and jt was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Mc^is. Ancona, Joseph Bad), Ihddle, Fianeis
P. Blau,Jaeob B. Bl;ui, Geoige II l>io\vii<\ Bmnham.
Calvert. Cobb, Fiedeiick A. Conklma, Ro eoi'Cnuklmcr,
Coopei. Cok. Ciuven^, Crittenden. Delano. Diven, Duiilap.
Dunn, Ln^h-b. Fouke,Giidei, Cinlev, Winding, Hanson.
Hi iman, Iloapei, Johnson. William Kolloy^, Lav\ , L.i/e.u,
Lean, Lohman. MeKniulit. .Mailoij, Ma} nan!, Menzies.,
Mitchell. Mootiiead. -Mot11*.Xoble, Xned. Nu<rcn, Pendle-
ton, 1'iiitei, Robinson. Shicl. frmith, John I>. Steele, AV11 -
ham G. £t*tl<;. lionjaimn F. Thoma--, Tumble, t'pion,
ValUuuligham, Wad-woith. Webstei, Whale}, Chilton A.
White, Wiekhffe, WoodnnF, Woiee^ter, and Wnght—69.
NAYS—Messis. AUhuh, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baket,
Baxter, Beiman, Bin«hatn, SamuclS Blair, Blake, Bufiin-
ton, Chainbeilirt, Clark, Colfax, Comvay, Cutler, Davis,
Dawe«*. Oucll, Edward^ Fiiot, Fenton, Fe^senden, Fran-
chot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, llntchms, Julian, Francis
W. Kellogg, Landing. Loomis Lovejoy, MeKean, Anson
P. Morufi, Justin S. Aloriill, Olin, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy,
Pouei, John II. Rice, Riddle, Saigeant, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Shellabaiger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Trow-
bridge, Vandever, Wall, E. P. Walton, Washbuinc,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windom—60.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
DISLOYAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. FOUKE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That all persons implicated by the committee
on the disloyalty Of Government employes, m the charge
of disloyalty, shall be notified to appear before that commit
tec, if they think proper, and make such explanation of the
charge, as they have to submit.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I doubt the propriety
of the passage of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to debate it?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then itgoes over, under the
rule.
CAVALRY SURGEONS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE offered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Wherea*, the act of £.">th July, t^Gl, authorizing the res-
ident to accept the seivice? of volunteers as cavalij .makes
110 piovi^ion lor the emphn ment ot icgimentai surgeons or
assistant surgeons foi cavahv regiments, and there is no
piovwon of law by which such smgeotis can be paid:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
fetiacted to examine the Jaw, and mqane into the expedi-
ency of supplying the omission above pointed out.
ADJOURNMENT OVEll.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
'The motion was agreed to.
THE LONDON EXHIBITION.
The SPEAKER laid before the T-Jouse a mes-
sage from the Piesident of the United States, trans-
nutting to Congress a letter from the secretary of
the executive committee of the commission ap-
pointed to represent the interests of those Amer-
ican citizens who may desire to bocome exhibitors
at the industrial exhibition to be held in London
in 1862, and a memorial from that commission
with the report ofthe executive committee thereof,
and copies of circulars announcing the decisions of
her Majesty's commissioners in London, giving
directions to be observed in relation to articles
intended foi exhibition.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the papers be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
JOIIN B. FLOYD.
Mr. POTTER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and ngreed to:
Resolved, Thai the Seeretary of War be requested to fur-
msh this House with infot mutton as to the amount of money
paid by John B. Floyd, as tieeretaiy ot Wai, to cleiks and
messengpt- connected wjtli the Mexican tmhtaiy contribu-
tion accounts in difleicnt Dcpartmcntsoverand above their
salanev a< fixed by law; also the name-* of such employe?,
the amount paid to each, and ihe authority, it any, on which
said payments vveie based.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
RENDITION OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and demand the previous question upon it:
Resolved. That the Committee on JYIihtaiy -\flairs be re-
queued to 1 cpoit a lull to thh Hou.-^e foi the enactment of an
additional aiticle of wai, whciebv all ofriceis 111 the mili-
tary service of the United Prates shall be piohibtted from
Using any poition of the Ibices under their respective com-
mands for the purpose of teturning fugitives tjom service or
labor, and piovide for the ptniKhmont ol such officers as
may violate said aiticle by dismissal from the seivice.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 53, nays 53; as follows:
\ EAS—Mct>i>. AneorM, Bnbb'tt. Bi'imvin. Riddle, Finn-
ci- P. Biau. Ja'-oh B. Blan, GeOK'e II. Biowne, Calvert,
Cobb. Uo-eoe Conkhn^, Cooper,"Co.x, Ciaven«, Critten-
den. Diven, Dunn. English, Fenton. Goodwin, Gtidct,
Ilaight. Uaidmg, ilam-on, Ilolman. Jackson, Law, Leaiy,
Lehman. Loonu<, McPherson. .Malioiy. Mavnaid, Men-
zies, Moorhead, M-irri-. Nugen, Odell, Olin, Pation, Pen-
dleton, Alexander II. Bice, Shellabai^er, Shiel, Smith,
John B.Steele, William G. Steele, Train, Trimble, Upton,
Valkmdigham, Wadsworth, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A.
White. Wickliffo, Woodiuff, Woicester, and Wright—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Joseph Daily,
Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffin-
tou, Burnham, Chamberim, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, Covodo, Cutlei, Davis, Dawes, Duniap, Ed-
wards. Eliot, Fessendcn, Franchot, Gooch, Hntehins, Ju-
lian, Francis W. KeUogc,, William Kellogg, Lansing, Love-
joy, Mitchell, Noble, Pike, Porter, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Itollins. Sargeant, Sedgwick. Shanks. Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauldinir, Stevens, Trowbridge, Vandever,
Wallace, Washburae, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson,
and Windom—53.
So the. motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at half past two o'clock^, m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 23, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland,
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the creden-
tials of Hon. Garrett Davis, chosen by the Le-
gislature of Kentucky, a Senator from that State
for the term ending March 3, 1867, to fill the va-
cancy occasioned by the expulsion from the Sen-
ate of John C. Breckinridge. The credentials
were read, and the oath prescribed by law was
administered to Mr. Davis, and he took his seat
in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Quartermaster General, Com-
missary General of Subsistence, and Paymaster
General,communicating:, in compliance with a res-
olution ofthe Senate ofthe 12th instant, informa-
tion relative to what articles should be sold by sut-
lers to the volunteers of the United States Army;
which was, on motion of Mr. Wilson, referred
to the Committee 011 Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Ho also laid before the Senate the report of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of the 17th instant, rel-
ative to the baking establishment in the Capitol
and Capitol grounds; which, on motion of Mr.
L^oot, was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of the select committee authorized by
the order of the Senate of the 12th instant on the
subject of a lailroad to connect the loyal portions
of Tennessee and North Carolina with Kentucky
as follows: Mr. Johnson of Tennessee, Mr.
Sherman, and Mr. Davis.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petitions of sun-
dry citizens of Marshall county, Iowa, who rep-
resent that a very considerable portion of the reg-
ular and volunteer forces now m the field desire
to be treated according to the homoeopathic prac-
tice, and count it one of the severest privations of
the service that in sickness they are deprived of
the benefits of that humane method of treatment.
They represent that this system of practice has
the confidence of a large portion of the public in
every community, and they desire the enactment
of a bill by which a proper proportion of surgeons
of that persuasion shall be received into the Army
of the United States. In this connection, I desire
to give notice that I shall hereafter ask leave to
introduce a bill directing that one of the military
hospitals in the city of Washington shall be put
under the charge of homoeopathic sui^eons, whore
such disabled and sick ofHccisand soldiers as dc-
| sire that method of treatment may be sentforthat
purpose. I move that the petition bo referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition ofNathan
Fush and others, citizens of Powashoak county,
: Iowa, praying the location of a national armory
; at Rock Island, Illinois; which was ordered to he
■ on the table, a bill to accomplish the object being
1 already on the Calendar.
i He also presented the petition of E. D> Mont-
