1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3101
vant amplification, the only effect of which will
be to present a new question instead of that on
which we are to vote.
But the Senator says that the cases in which
colored persons are interested arise in the State
courtsancinotin the United States courts, and that
therefore my proposition is entirely inapplicable.
The Senator is entirety mistaken again. The
United States courts have jurisdiction of crimes
without reference to color. They also have civil
jurisdiction in other cases which do not depend
upon citizenship. The Senator as a lawyer knows
this very well; and yet deliberately by his vote,
and now by his speech, he upholds the cruel rule
by which the testimony of persons is excluded on
account of color. Sir, I do not know which was
worse, the vote or the speech of the Senator, al-
though the latter was in harmony with the former.
X was astonished at his vote. I am now aston-
ished at his speech, which is as illogical in argu-
ment as it is bad in principle. Most kindly but
most earnestly do I dissent from it. Sir, I do not
wish to take up time. The question is of trans-
cendent importance. You will pardon my frank-
ness if I aad that the vote already taken will do
no honor to Congress. I am sure that it will be
recorded in judgment against us, and deservedly
too. Civilization will blush at the record. God
save us!
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been very
much amused by the discussion between the two
honorable Senators; and it seems to me I have
never seen two gentlemen more befogged in rela-
tion to any subject. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is deeper and more thoroughly in the fog
than the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire. The complaint of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, when he was first up, was that this
bill, if it became a law, would work the greatest
wrong and oppression upon the colored race, be-
cause it would introduce a rule of evidence that
would debar them of the privilege of calling upon
their own color for what they knew in relation
to questions of crime charged against them or
wrongs of which they made complaint. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire answered that very
correctly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask my friend
from Kentucky a question, and it is this: what
does he mean when he speaks of the "colored
race ?" Who are embraced in the term " colored
race?" How long has that term been known in
this or any other country? Does he mean the
negro race? If so, I can understand what my
friend means; but when he speaks of the colored
race, I should like him to explain what he means
by the use of such a term.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the question. I
was only using the phrase which had been used
by the other gentlemen, not one that I would
have adopted myself. The terms that I use are
" negro" and " slave."
Mr, SAULSBUUY. Then I will simply say to
my friend, I am for calling things by their right
names.
Mr. DAVIS. I will proceed. Now, the par-
oxysm in which the Senator from Massachusetts
found himself involved was altogether needless, I
think, because this bill will not concern the negro
at all practically. As was well said by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, all controversies in
which the rights of the negro are involved neces-
sarily are confined to the State courts. I speak
of them as subject to a general rule. I have been
many years a practicing lawyer, and I never knew
a suit to be brought in the Federal court in the
State of Kentucky in vrfiich a negro was either a
party or a witness, or any way connected with
the suit or its subject. Why ? Because the Fed-
eral courts had no jurisdiction of cases in which
negroes would be interested or involved. Here
is the clause in the Constitution which vests the
judicial nower:
"The judicial power shall extend to all cases in lawand
equity aiising under this Constitution, the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and treaties made, 01 which shall be made,
under their authority; to all cases affecting embassadors,
other public ministers, and consuls; to all cases of admi-
ralty and maritime jui^diction ; to controversies to which
the United States shall be a party ; to controversies between
two or more States; between a State and citizens of an-
other State; between citizens of different States; between
citizens of the same State claiming iands under grants of
different States; and between a State, or the citizens
thereof, and foreign States, citizens, or subjects."
The jurisdiction of the Federal courts embraces
no other matters; and it is obvious that a case
could scarcely arise with which a negro, free or
slave, could have any relation, either as party or
witness.
Now, Mr. President, I venture this proposition,
that there never has been a case of a suit or griev-
ance arising m the State of Kentucky, in which,
under this provision of the Constitution, a negro
was or could be a party witness in a suit in the
Federal courts. Then all this denunciation be-
causeoftheinjusticeit would workupon thenegro,
is imaginary. It arises only in the heated and pro-
lific imagination of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. The Senator from New Hampshire is mis-
taken in this respect. He attributes the ills to the
negro, of which the Senator from Massachusetts
complains, to a decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am always gratified to hear the
gentleman.
Mr. HALE. I did not say any such thing.
The Senator from Massachusetts made the re-
mark, and I said that he must go further, and that
the foundation of these distinctions was in that de-
cision of the Supreme Court. I did not say this
rule was laid down by the Supreme Court.
Mr. DAVIS. I am gratified that my honora-
ble friend, the Senator from New Hampshire, is
correcting one of his mistakes, and I hope that
now he will correct another. The origin of the
mischief, if it be a mischief, is riot in the Supreme
Court or any of its decisions; it is not in the laws
of Congress; it is in the peculiar structure of the
Federal and State governments, and the judicial
power creatcd by the Federal Constitution and
its investment; which creation of judicial power,
and the investment of it, necessarily exclude from
the Federal courts all the controversies, either civil
or criminal, in which negroes might be involved.
It is the State courts alone that have jurisdiction
of them as matters of local and domestic concern-
ment. The only decision that the Supreme Court
has mado in relation to the negro, according to
my recollection, that involves his rights essen-
tially, is the one in the Drcd Scott case, where
the principle is decided that a free negro cannot
be a citizen of the United States, and in my judg-
mentamorc correct decision never was rendered.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
adverts, in mingled terms, to Justice Story. He
does nothing but sheer justice to the learning and
ability of that distinguished jurist; but when he
charges that Justice Story allowed the mole to
grow over his intellect and his conscience when he
was transferred from the political hustings to the
bench, I think he does the judge injustice. I think
that great judge illustrated a very common case.
There is hardly any politician but what is a dem-
agogue. I do not know that I ever knew a poli-
tician in my life that was not more or less a dem-
agogue; and since I have been a member of this
body at the present session that conclusion of my
mind has been very greatly strengthened. My
experience is this: a man of intellect, of fine moral
and intellectual structure becomes ambitious; he
is fond of popularity and distinction, and covets
place and power;.he declares himself a candidate
for office, and he takes to the hustings, and he im-
mediately resorts to all the arts and the strategy
of a stump orator and of a political demagogue in
a greater or less degree. But so soon as a gentle-
man of that mold is transferred from the arena
where his success depends upon his adroitness in
playing the demagogue, and is placed in an office
where his reason and conscience, his moral and
intellectual faculties can have fair play, he begins
to look at principle and truth and facts justas they
are. The consequence is that he disrobes himself
of the demagogue, he becomes conservative and
judicial, and his effort, instead of catering to the
passions and the vanity of the multitude, beguil-
ing their judgment, is simply to ascertain where
the truth and the principle lie, and so to decide.
When a gentleman is appointed a judge, and un-
dergoes that transmutation, I think it is a very
proper one, and I think that is the identical trans-
mutation that Justice Story went through, and
none other, and so of most great and upright
judges. While a member of Congress he was
appointed to the supreme bench.
I do not think, Mr. President, there was any
need for sticking the perpetual, the all-pervading,
the everywhere-to-be-found, the ever-in-the-way
negro to this bill. I hope and trust that the Sen-
ate and the Congress of the United States will be
allowed to mature and perfect some few bills in
which the interests and the business of the white
man are involved, without having this ever-present
negro stuck upon them by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. If he desires to bring up this matter of
the negro in connection with the rules of proceed-
ing in the Federal courts, let him introduce a dis-
tinct bill, and not make everything odoriferous of
his friend.
Mr. SUMNER. I think, after the debate, it is
my duty to make this proposition in the Senate.
Several Senators have expressed a desire to vote
upon it again, and I therefore move the proposi-
tion again in the form of a proviso:
Provided, That there shall be no exclusion of any witness
on account of color.
Mr. KING. I asked the Senate, a little while
ago, to proceed to the consideration of executive
business, but gave way at the suggestion of the
Senator from Connecticut, that the question might
be taken on the passage of this bill. Other ques-
tions are coming up, and I trust that he will make
no opposition to my motion that the Senate go
into executive session.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly, I make no objection
now.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 3, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he yesterday
appointed Mr. Clark, Mr. John H. Rice, Mr.
Baily, Mr. WiNDOM,and Mr. Grider, the select
committee on the subject of certain charges con-
tained in a recent article of the New York Tribune.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a privileged question.
I offer a resolution which I send to the Clerk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That when the House adjourn to-day, it stand
adjourned until Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by inserting
" Saturday" in lieu of " Monday."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by making the time to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not in
order.
The House divided on the amendment of Mr.
Dawes, and no quorum voting,
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Mr. Stiles and Mr.
Dawes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes Go, noes 2:2; no quoium voting.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I move to lay the
resolution on the table, and upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs?. Aldrich, William Allen,Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Bcainan, Bmgliam, Jacob B. Blair, Biake,
VVilhnmG. Biown,Buffinion, Campbell, Casey, Chamber-
lm, Clark, Roscoe Conklmg. Corning:, Ciavens,
Davve«, Delano, Duell, Duulap,Dunn, Echvatd*, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Fe^enden, Fiunk, Granger, Gridci, Hutchins, Jack-
son, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lan&ing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Low, MeKnight, McPherson, Mitchell, Mooihead, Amon
P. Monill, Justin S. Morull, Norton, Patton, Pendleton,
Pomeioy, Porter, Robuison, Edvvaid H. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, SlOctn, Spiulding. John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Steven*, Benjamin F Thomas,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Iloin, Vibbard, Walton, Wn^h-
buine, Wheeler, Wmdom, Wood, Woodruff, and Worces-
ter—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley. Arnold, Baily, Biddh-, Calvert,
Coltav, Frederick A. Cori'khng, Cox. Cif-field, Crittenden,
Diven, Fenton. Fisher, Fouke. Gurley, Haiglit, Hall, {lard-
ing, Hohnan, Francis XV. Keilogg, Mailoiy, May,Maynard,
Menzies, Ohn, Timothy G. PheJps, Richard-on, Segar,
Shellabarger, Shiel, Stile*. Train, Van Valkenlmrgh, Ver-
ree, Voorhees, Whaley, \tfickhffe, and Wil->on--38.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
