2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15.
they were acting in selecting men, or knew any-
thing about the men they selected to any very
considerable extent.
Now, sir, with reference to the other point,
why was not the capital fixed ? If you are going
to fix it in one particular, and it is meant to be
exactly right, why not saf that the capital shall
not be less than $300,000, nor more than $500,000,
and that when such an amount is subscribed, then
the books shall be closed, and if more is needed
afterwards,it shall be divided out among the ori-
ginal subscribers, as all other corporations do?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will per-
mit me. I will suggest that, in my opinion, the
stock should be so much, and then there should
be a provision, if it is necessary to increase it, that
the original stockholders shall have the increase.
Mr/FESSENDEN. That is just what I am
saying at this very moment. The capital should
not be less than $300,000, nor more than $500,000;
and when $300,000, which is tho minimum, was
subscribed, then the books should be closed, and
if more is necessary afterwards, it should be di-
vided among the original subscribers pro rata.
That is the way in which it should be done in
order to make the thing fair. But as I understand
this bill, what is the result? There is nothing said
about having maximums and minimum®, out a
general provision that if the amount of capital, not
saying what is to be the capital at all, is subscribed
then this excess shall be divided pro rata. What
is the capital? The books are open. If $300,000
or less than $300,000 is subscribed, as the case
may be, the books arc closed. Those gentlemen
may choose to say, that is not the capital stock,
and then they or their friends take the balance
and cairy it up to $500,000; and then the matter
is fixed in a very different way, as I understand
it. Why was it not put in the usual form stop-
ping at a given point, so that the public might
know, and the people who come in to subscribe
might know what amount is necessary to be sub-
scribed m order to stop at a given point. That is
the way it is ordinarily done. Of course, I believe
all this was meant rightly. I have no doubt about
that. It would be a sufficient reason to satisfy me
that it was meant rightly that my honorable friend
and colleague who means everything rightly, as-
sented to it; but I apprehend he did not see the
force of the provision and the use that might be
made of it; and that this varies from the ordinary
form in which subscriptions are made and pro-
vided for. I do not like the form of it myself,
and I do really think that after this sti uggle, Con-
gress is bound to insist that fairly and honestly
and in the ordinary way, the people of this Dis-
trict shall have the control of the building of this
road, if they want it, and outsiders excluded
unless they come in and buy the stock as other
people do.
JVJr. SIMMONS. Eversince I have been here,
for the last five years, there have been strenuous
efforts made to get one of these horse railroads.
Myfrimd from Kentucky and my friend from
Iowa aie greatly disturbed about this report of the
committee of conference, on the ground that they
cannot get a tax on the income of this road for
the beneiitof tho cities of Washington and George-
town. I will refer my honorable friends to a bill
that is on the table of every Senator, in winch wc 1
propose to tax the income ofall these rail roads three I
per cent., for tho benefit of the national Treasury, f
Do they want another tax of three per cent, put \
upon this one? I ask my honorable friend from j
Maine whethei, inasmuch as we have reported 1
a bill putting a tax of three per cent, on the !>ross '
receipts of all these house railroads for the benefit ,
of the national Treasury, he wants this one to be !
taxed over again another three per cent, for the i
beneiitof tho city corporation. We can fix the 1
tax at five percent., if we think best; and if the \
honorable Senator from Iowa desires it for the
benefit of schools in this city, we can vote it out j
of the national Treasuiy again,and I would vote j
for such u bill. But you may load down any rail- !
road bill by these captious objections, and these ;
attempts to tax everything m every form. If you 1
pass the tax bill, there wiii be a tax of three per '
cent, on the gross receipts of this road. Then the ■
Senator says the city can tax them from foity to
seventy-five cents on the hundred dollars of cap-
ital.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken. If
the bill which passed the Senate should bccome a <
; the
law, the corporation is excluded from taxin
company.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I am talking about the
bill of the committee of conference. Cannot the
corporation tax the property of this company
under that ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; and that tax will
amount to six or seven hundred dollars a year.
Mr. SIMMONS. No-matter what it amounts
to. You say a tax of three per cent, will amount
to six or seven thousand dollars. We are gping
to impose that tax and put it into the national
Treasury. If it is improperly in the national
Treasury, cannot we vote it out for the support of
public schools here by a bill to be reported by the
Senator? Or do you want another tax of three
per cent. ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I want another one.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, you can continue put-
ting on taxes of three percent, until there is noth-
ing left to the stockholders.
Mr. GRIMES. Forty miles from here, in Bal-
timore, there are several railroads, and every one
of those railroads is compelled to pay one ccnt for
every five it receives; and yet it is the most valu-
able stock in the city.
Mr. SIMMONS. Baltimore is a larger city
than this, and I think it likely enough I could pick
out some cities where a railroad would not pay
one cent. It depends a great deal on their size
and Character.
Mr. GRIMES. There they are taxed one fifth
of their receipts.
Mr. SIMMONS. I dare say they could stand
a considerable amount of tax. But, sir, we have
made several efforts to pass a bill for this purpose,
and we never could get a bill through, because
somebody made captious objections to it. I have
been desirous of having a railroad here ever since
I have been here; and I hope that now, when we
have spent five or six weeks ia trying to agree
upon and arrange a bill, so that the publicand the
men who are to put their money in it would be
satisfied, we will adopt this report and settle the
matter. If we choose to do so,wc can tax them
ten per cent, hereafter for the benefit of the na-
tional Government.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I suppose the public
have a twofold interest in this street railroad.
The first is, that a road shall bo promptly con-
structed and well constructed; and secondly, that
the interests of the public shall be guarded against
extortionate charges and inordinate profits. I
think, from the general features of this bill, that
these two objects are fully accomplished and pro-
vided for, and I believe, at this stage of the ses-
sion of Congress, that if this bill is defeated, we
shall have no bill this session. It is said that the
people of this District, the corporate authorities of
this District, should be permitted to build their
own railroads, it being a local measure, as all
other people are permitted to build theirs. Now,
how is this? Who build railroads ? Tho stock-
holders, who subscribe and pay their money.
The people of this District who have money to
invest in building a railroad—and surely a rail-
road cannot be built without money—are perfectly
at liberty, undei the provisions of this bill, to take
stock and to build the road.
One objection heretofore has been that strangers
from abroad, speculators, have sought to control
this matter. That objection is fuily obviated from
the fact that every single corporator named in this
bill is a resident of the city. I am notacquainted
: with them familiarly. I know some of them. I
esteem them as excellent men, reliable men,men
i of integrity and position in society. I take it for
! granted that they are all thought proper men, or
1 they would not have had a place as corporators
and passed thus committee of conference. I think,
1 then, that there is no lcawon why this bill, as re-
; ported from the committee of conference, should
; not pass.
Now a word upon the subject of bonus. What
good reason is there upon earth that a bonus should
be paid at all; and secondly, why should that
bonus be grunted to the corporate authorities of
these two cities ; Do they do anything towards
building the road? Do they tax the people here
one cent to build the road? Is the load to be a
burden upon these two corporations, to injure
property holders, or to be a burden upon the treas-
ury of the two cities-5 If so, perhaps it should
not be constructed at all. I suppose that by the
construction of this road, the real estate owners
will be greatly benefited. If they are greatly
benefited, then why the necessity of paying a
bonus in addition? Why tax the whole people
for the benefit of these two corporate authorities
of Washington and Georgetown? There is no
earthly reason or propriety in it, and the whole
system of giving a bonus to procure legislation is
a vicious, corrupting, and dangerous one. The
truth is, instead of giving a bonus, if the profits
of the company are to be inordinate, the fare
should be lowered to the whole public,and in that
way the revenue of the companycould be reduced.
Why should a bonus be given to these corpora-
tions? How is it just to tax the whole people of
the United States, how is it just to tax transient
residents, strangers, and members of Congress for
the purpose of keeping up schools in the District of
Columbia? I ask how is it just, how is it proper?
It seems to me, therefore, that this whole argu-
ment, or the subject of a bonus, is fallacious, and
falls to the ground. If a fare of five cents will
make an inordinate profit to the company, why
not reduce the fare? That is the only just way,
for that benefits the whole people; but a bonus sim-
ply benefits the corporate authorities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown. Why should they receive
it? What have they done? Will the railroad
injure property ? Have they made any appropri-
ation towards the railroad ? Do they propose to
do anything towards its construction ? Then the
bonus is simply a charity—a charity extorted
from the whole people to be given to the corporate
authorities of these two cities. I see no earthly
propriety in it.
I do not pretend to say that all the features of this
bill are correct, perfect, and proper; but I have
no doubt it is as good a bill as we shall ever get.
The bill has already had investigations and dis-
cussions in the Senate and in the House of Rep-
resentatives. It has been referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia of this body.
They have made their report. Both Houses have
acted upon it. It has then been referred to a com-
mittee of conference, and they have agreed upon
a report; and I supposed we were upon the very
point, at length, of getting a street railroad in
Washington; but it seems, at this point, late in
the session, these objections are to be made, and
wo are to have no railroad at all. I have only
this to say: I have as little interest in it as any one
else, and if it is determined to have no railroad,
I shall acquiesce in it; but I promise you, if this
report of the committee of conference fails, wc
shall probably £et no railroad this session.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I was opposed to the prop-
osition which took this bill to a committee of con-
ference, and voted against it. I have been here
for three years, and yet I could never fullyun-.
der&tand the propriety of referring a matter like
this to a committee of conftnence after it had been
fully examined, and the Senate had spent a day
or two upon it, and had perfected a bill according
to their own notions of what was rightand proper,
especially ns it sepms, under the rules, that the
committee of conferencc may entirely disregard
the wishes of either House on vital and important
matters as well as on matters of not so much im-
portance. That may be a necessity of legislation;
it may be the only means, under certain circum-
stances, of getting an act passed upon a certain
subject; but it seems to me singula), after the
Senate and House had mutually agreed upon cor-
porators desirable to both bodies, with an object,
perhaps, to defeat any unfairness or impiopnety
of conduct, if any should be suggestrd or sus-
pected, that a committee of conference should have
the power to entirely disregard the wish of both
bodies, and select an entnely new set of corpora-
tors and commissioner, irrespective of the wish
of citlier House. It was because I was fearful
that a bill, under the rules which seem to prevail,
would be reported by the committee of conference
hostile to the wishes of the majority of both bodies,
and to their judgment or sense of what ought to
be done, that I voted against the proposition that
carried it to that committee.
But, sir, notwithstanding the bill has come back
in a shape that 1 do not approve of, still I do not
know that the objections aie so strong that I
should bo impelled to vote against the repoit of
the committee. I, with many others, want a rail-
road in the national capital. It may be that this
mode was the only mode that could bring about
