1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
to the expenditures of the Government, now over-
borne with expenditures, and that this is an im-
proper time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee. The question was once put, but it will
be again put at the suggestion of the Senator from
New York.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to add but a few
words to what has been said by my colleague in
regard to the merits of the bill. The chairman
of the Military Committee says it will entail no
additional expense upon the Government 
Mr. WILSON. None for buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand it, it will
entail about two hundred thousand dollars a year
additional expense upon the Government. The
estimated expenditure for each cadet is §1,000.
The bill, theicfore, makes a direct addition to the
cost of the institution of $200,000, or $240,000
when all the districts shall be represented. This
maybe a very small item of expenditure now;
but it must be recollected that it is adding a per-
manent annuity of §200,000 a year. It can be of
no earthly use. Many of the young men who
will seek to get into the academy, if you pass
this bill, arc now in the Army. All of them that
arc worth going there, ought to be appointed be-
tween the ages of sixteen and twenty; and all the
young men of the country of that age who have
spirit enough to be selected as cadets at the acad-
emy, ought to he or are now in the ranks of the
Army in some capacity. I have no doubt myself
that nearly all the cadets that will be appointed
under this bill, will be from the young men who
have volunteered and are now serving their coun-
try. These young men cannot be educated for
four years; their services will not be rendered to
the Government for four years to come. We
know veij well that in four years from this time
their services will not be needed, or else this coun-
try will be in a sad condition for which history
does not present a parallel. To expend this money
now, it seems to me, is throwing it away.
My colleague said another thing which is true.
The West Point Academy is not to furnish the
heroes of this war. That is now settled. The
heroes of this war are to spring from the ranks of
the people. I am changing my mind daily, and am
becoming convinced that the ordeal and the mode
of education at West Point rather tend to make
men martinets than soldiers and officers; and it is
my deliberate conviction that if this war is to be
prosecuted with success, the Army officers will
be used to discipline, to mold, to form lines and
squares, to go through the ordinary discipline and
routine of a camp, but the battles will be fought
and the victory will be won by such officers as
sprang into existence during the French Revolu-
tion.
Besides, I do not believe that a military educa-
tion at West Point has infused into the Army the
right spirit to carry on this war. There is no
feeling of enthusiasm in regard to it among the
officers of the regular Army; and for the last eight
or ten years the intercourse of the officers of the
Army has been such, the influences that have been
brought over them have been such, as to impair
their efficiency and their usefulness, even if their
education prepared them for usefulness.
It seems to me, therefore, that on the score of
economy, it is unwise to pass this bill, because
now is not the time. We cannot expend this
money for the education of soldiers for a future
war, and all the officers that we shall need for the
next twenty or thirty years will be formed by the
gallant men who are now fighting our battles.
The officers who will win the highest honors in
the field, in my judgment, will not be those edu-
cated at West Point, but those who have volun-
tarily assumed theduties andbuidens of avolun-
teer soldier, and are now fighting in the service of
their country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is a matter
of indifference to me whether Congress shall de-
cide to increase the number of cadets at West
Point or not; but the form proposed in this bill is,
I think, the best that can be adopted if we are to
increase the number at all. 1 hope, however, as
the question has been brought up, that we shall
settle it, as far as this Congress is concerned, once
for all, by passing this bill, or rejecting it and all
other bills proposing such an increase.
The Senators from Ohio do not believe in this
institution; and they are opposed to the increase
of the number of cadets on the ground of economy.
That is a very good word. I like to hear it, and
I believe the time is coming for all of us to repeat
it often, and endeavor, if possible, to act upon it.
If this proposition is to be rejected on thatground,
I have nothing to say; but if it is to be rejected on
the ground that the cadets trained at West Point
do not make accomplished officers in the Army
of the United States, I do not agree to it.
The Senator from Ohio who spoke last, thinks
that the cadets educated at West Point are to train
the men who are to fight the battles, but that the
men who are to fight the battles are to be brought
out in this contestas they were in the French Rev-
olution. It may be that it is to be so; but I have
yet to see any evidences of that kind. From the
people in every hamlet and village of this country,
from the ranks of every regiment in the field, from
every executive chamber, there have come to this
Government the most imploring appeals to furnish
officers educated at West Point to train the men
who had volunteered, and to lead them. To-day,
I venture to say, there are hundreds of applica-
tions from the States of the Union, from State ex-
ecutives, from regiments in the field, asking the
Government, imploring the Government, to de-
tach officers educated at West Point to take com-
mand in volunteer regiments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts what disposition has been made of those
applications generally ? I want to give a little ex-
perience on that subject.
Mr. WILSON. In answer to the Senator's
question, I can say that in some cases the Gov-
ernment has detailed officers in that way, in other
cases it lias denied the applications. They have
been most generally denied.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator now allow
me to state my experience on that subject as an
evidence of the efficiency of a West Point officer?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that what is now
said by the Senator from Massachusetts is true.
The people of this country have looked to the
officers of the Army with a great deal of interest, i
and volunteer regiments have almost uniformly
applied for colonels and lieutenant colonels and
majors from the regular Army. These applica-
tions have been sent here backed by the strongest
recommendations, and they have generally been
met with the answer " you desire to break up the
old Army." There is a feeling between the vol-
unteers and the leaders of the regular Army which
keeps up a kind of caste between them. Desiring
to do something in the last vacation for the service
of my country, but having no military experience,
I made an appeal to the people of the portion of
Ohio in which I live to volunteer to go to the war,
and the appeal was responded to. After many of
the men had been enlisted, I came to Washington
and applied for two regular Army officers. I was
repelled; I was told that I was opposed to the reg-
ular Army; that I would break up the regular
Army. I said 1 desired to diffuse the military
knowledge of this country among the volunteers,
for the volunteers would have to fight the battles.
I failed to get regular officers detailed. Afterwards
I did temporarilygctan assignmentof two officers,
who were sent merely for the purpose of disci-
pliningand organizing the force. These were two
young men, fine spirited young fellows, who were
just from Oregon. They served, drilled these regi-
ments, and went with them to Kentucky. When
I came here at this session, I applied for leave of
absence for these two young officers to serve as
colonels of the two regiments, and after three
weeks I received an answer that they could not be
detailed, but that they must repair to their regi-
ments in Oregon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whom was that answer
from?
Mr. SHERMAN. From General Thomas. I
was told that they must repair to meet their regi-
ments in Oregon. That is, these young men with
military knowledge were threatened to be taken
away from the head of two thousand volunteers
in the piesence of the enemy, when they had not
a single other officer in the ranks who knew how
to give the word of command, and were to be sent
to their regiment in Oregon. That case hasbeen
submitted to the President of the United States;
Now, I say, Senators, that if the Army of the
United States is to be used in that spirit; if the
regular officers, who have been educated at the
expense of the Government, and nearly one third
of whom have deserted the flag of their country", un-
der which they were reared and educated—nearly
one third of whom are now fighting directly or
indirectly in the ranks of the enemy, if the rest
of the officers of the regular Army are to be gov-
erned and controlled in this manner, their, ser-
vices withheld from the volunteers who are to fight
the battles; if that is the spirit in which the reg-
ular Army is to be administered, I, for one, am
disposed to break it up. You all know that at the
last session of Congress there was no one more
desirous to strengthen the hands of the regular
Army than myself; but I'say if it is to be man-
aged in the way it has been managed; if that is
the spirit that is to be infused into the regular
Army; if the officers who are educated at the ex-
pense of the Government cannot serve anywhere
except in a regular regiment; if they cannot be
allowed to command and lead gallant volunteers,
who are as good as they are, then there is no use
in educating any more, but let us depend on the
people to furnish officers and men; and that is the
real reason why I am opposed to this bill.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Ohio lias
made a strong point on the Adjutant General of the
Army and on the administration of the Army in
the War Office; but ho has not made a point
against West Point. The Senator's argument,
instead of being against West Point and against
the cadets of West Point, is in favor of West
Point, for that Senator sought to obtain West
Pointers to lead the men of Ohio, and he speaks
with approbation of those young men that he'
thinks the AdjutantGeneral would tear away from
the command of two thousand volunteers of Ohio,
and send to the far-off shores of the Pacific. Now,
sir, I say what I know when I declare that the
officers, and especially the young'officers, of the
Army of the United States have been seeking at
the War Office for months to be detailed to take
commands in the volunteer forces of the States.
Governors of States, regiments in the States, have
applied to the Federal Government to obtain the
services of these Army officers. The Army officers
themselves have asked to be detailed. In a few
cases they have been detailed. In most cases the
application hasbeen met with a refusal, and it has
grieved the officers as much as it could grieve the
men who sought their services.
The truth is, sir, that the young men educated
at West Point, who are loyal to the country, have
sought these positions, and have shown all the
zeal that anybody could desire to take these com-
mands to prepare volunteers for the field, and to
lead them ill the field. I do not doubt that in the
battles which are before us the graduates gf West
Point will fight for their country now as bravely
as they have upheld its flag in the past. It has
so proved in every contest through which wo have
gone. Who commanded a day or two ago over
the river here at Drainsville but General Oril; who
commanded in Missouri the other day but Gen-
eral Pope, both of them West Pointers? The
Government has appointed out of the Army forty-
six officers to be generals of volunteers, and has
appointed from the men who have served the coun-
try in battle, or who are graduates of West Point,
seventy-five of the one hundred and ten brigadiers,
leaving but thirty-five to be selected from citizens;
and nearly one half of them have been educated
at military schools in the Old World or in the
New. Taking out of this little Army forty-six
officers, and making them generals shows with
what anxiety, with what earnestness the volun-
teers and the people of the States have sought the
services of men educated at West Point.
Now, if Senators believe that, in the present ex-
igencies of our country, we ought not to incur this
additional expense, and if they put their opposi-
tion to the bill upon that ground, they can stand
upon it; and I think that is a fair subject for con-
sideration, but even m that view I feel inclined
to support the bill, for I believe we need the edu-
cation which West Point gives to the young men
of the country. I hope the opposition to this bill
will not be put upon the ground that the loyal
officers who are graduates of WestPoint arenot,
I do not say the ablest men of the country!W «
