1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
day, who was on recruiting service. Said I,
"Reed, how do you get along?" "Well," said
he, "I get along excellently well; last week I re-
cruited one man, but the damned fellow deserted
on Sunday." [Laughter.] That is the experience
of your regular officers; they do not rccruit; they
do not fill your Army; you cannot rely on them;
you cannot rely upon your regular Army in an
emergency, and your educated men at West Point
cannot get up your regiments when you require
them.
Mr. GRIMES. Was that officer a graduate of
West Point?
Mr. CHANDLER. He had received a mili-
tary education.
Mr. GRIMES. Was he a graduate of West
Point;
Mr. CHANDLER. No; but he was an officer
of the regular Army; and your WestPointofficers
fare no better. We must rely, sir, in any emer-
gency on our volunteer force; they will not enlist
under officers of the regular Army.
I said a moment ago that I was prepared to vote
for the abolition of this West Point School. I
would vote for it upon the ground that the West
Point Academy has produced more traitors within
the last fifty years than all the institutions of learn-
ing and education that have existed since Judas
Iscariot's time. I state that, and I believe it.
Let an emulation arise between the States.
Michigan has already established a military de-
partment to her State University. Let other States
do the same thing; let the young men of the sev-
eral States receive a military education at home,
and very soon a spirit of emulation will spring
up among the different States,and instead of hav-
ing the number specified in this bill of educated
military men, every State will have as many, or
more, perhaps, of educated military men, and I
will guaranty that they will be as well educated
as these men are. The spirit of emulation will
lead each State to endeavor to excel every other
State in the perfection of its military education.
Instead of voting this increase, I should prefer to
abolish the West Point Academy. I shall not
introduce a bill of that kind, but if the chairman
of the Committee on Military A (Fairs will do so,
I shall vote for it promptly; but in God's name
put no more West Point officers upon us at this
time, when we are educating thirty thousand men
thoroughly, and preparing them for generals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not agree with the
honorable Senators who have spoken so strongly
against the West Point Academy as an institu-
tion, although I shall vote with them upon this
proposition.
Mr. WADE. That is all that is important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to have it dis-
tinctly understood why I vote against this bill,
and therefore 1 shall state my reasons for oppos-
ing it. The difference between my friend from
Ohio and myself is that my acts may be import-
ant, and my words never are; but his words arc
always moreimportant than hisacts. [Laughter.]
It strikes ine that one argument winch has been
advanced—and I do not profess to be able to offer
any new one—is conclusive on this matter; and
that is, that so far as this war is concerned, an
increase of the number of students at the acad-
emy can be of no possible benefit. As the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
suggested, if the war is to continue four or five
years, at the end of it we shall not be in a condi-
tion to pay anything to anybody. If it is to end
in one year or two years, or before, as we hope,
it will be time enough for us to provide for West
Point. Nor do I think the amount which will be
taken from the Treasury under this bill, especi-
ally if it is so small an amount as my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] seems to suppose, is of any
very particular importance, except by way of set-
ting an example. I wish to say to the Senators
present what, perhaps, I may be obliged to say
more in detail by and by, that this war will come
to a termination disastrous to the country, very
soon, unless we set ourselves about the work of
economizing our expenses; and we may as well
begin upon a small thing as upon a large one. I
have not been opposed to providing a sufficient
force, and paying that force; but I have been op-
posed, from the beginning, to the race which has
been run between the Executive and Congress—
and for which Congress is as much responsible
as the Executive—to see which could manifest the
most patriotism by calling loudest for the most
money. That has been the only principle with
regard to moneyaffairswhich has been manifested
ateitherend of the avenue, in my judgment, with
the single exception of one officer. From the be-
ginning of this contest, the spirit manifested by
Congress and by the Executive appears to have
been to see who could talk loudest about the largest
amount of money to be spent, as if that would ac-
complish the purpose. I warn Senators that we
must begin somewhere in the work of retrench-
ment, and begin speedily; and, for my part, I mean
to begin at the very first point that presents itself
to economize the public money, or we shall soon
be in a position where we shall have no money to
economize upon.
Look, for instance, at one example of the man-
ner m which things are managed. The govern-
ment of the Army started with the idea that we
wanted no cavalry. Pretty soon they came to
the conclusion that we did want cavalry, and they
gave notice of that fact; and without counting
what was to be the end of it and what it was to
come to, they allowed every man who offered to
do so to raise a regimentof cavalry. A regiment
of cavalry costs something. It costs about double
what a regiment of infantry costs, and perhaps
more than double; I presume it costs $3,500,000
a year. I was informed by a man who knew all
about it—because he is one of the very highest
military men—that ten thousand cavalry was all
we could use, or twenty thousand at the outside;
and how many have we to-day? We have sixty
regiments of cavalry either raised or in process of
being raised, and most of them, as my friend from
Iowa suggests, are regiments of twelve hundred
men each. There is very little use for them. The
Government can do nothing with them. They
are not even armed, and we have no arms for a
very large proportion of them; and yet they are
raised, and the men are paid, and the horses are
bought and supported by the Government. Many
of these regiments are coming here, and others are
on their way here. There is no provision for
them; no service to be required of them when they
come here. There is at least $50,000,000 to be
spent for cavalry, for which the men who control
the Army say they have no use, and all because
nobody inquired in the first place how many were
necessary.
Can we get along in that way? 1 have asked
the question, and 1 ask it again, why were not
steps taken immediately to disband these useless
regiments? and yet not a step is taken, and they
arc coming day after day. Many of their horses
are dying daily, and yet, while the Government
has these hoises, which are connected with cav-
alry and cannot be used, it is buying horses every
day, I am told, for one purpose or another.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question—whether these cavalry regi-
ments were not raised under the advice of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatis more than I know.
I know not under whose advice it is. I charge
nobody. I cannot tell where the blame is; I have
nothing to say in regard to individuals; I mention
the fact. It has been conceded to me that they
are not necessary and cannot be used, and yet
they are not disbanded, and Government is pay-
ing its money for them to-day. I am told by my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] that a regi-
ment of cavalry came from Vermont the other
day. We all know what fine horses they raise
there, and the provision that is made for them.
Several of those horses died on the way for want
of forage, and they are dying every day here—
seven or eight a day—from exposure. The Gov-
ernment has no place to put them in, and hardly
anything to give them, and yet it is continually
buying more horses. These are facts, as I am
told by authority that ought to be respectcd and
that I do respect. If these facts are patent, why
are these regiments coming every day ? Why are
not preparations made to stop them ? Why are
they not disbanded? Why are not the horses
taken and used for other purposes? Who is re-
sponsible? Somebody must be, and yet there is
one leak to which I call your attention and the
attention of Congress.
Some gentlemen have said," Oh, do not let Con-
gress meddle with these things; we must leave the
conduct ol the war to the executive Government."
Well, sir, I am willing to leave it to the execu-
tive Government if the executive Government will,
provide the means. But when we are called upoa.
to provide the means and our constituents are
called upon to take the money out of their pock-
ets to pay for these things, I should like to knpw
if it is not our duty to inquire alittle.as to the con-
duct of the war and the manner in whicji the money
is expended.
Sir, I have given this as one instance—a most
striking one—which has appealed to* me., I can
mention a great many others which exhibit the
same want of management, in my judgment; the,
same want of care; the same want of responsi-
bility—not to stoch a greatextent, but equally strik-
ing. I am a supporter of this Administration; I
sustain its principles; I sustain the men who are
at the head of it; I am willing to do all I can, to
tax myself and to tax the people, and the people
are ready to be taxed to carry on the war; but we
must stop and inquire what this is to lead to un-
less there is to be a different system adopted; and
for that reason I say, as I intimated in the begin-
ning, I am determined, so far as I am concerned,
to scrutinize every appropriation that I can get a
chance to look at before it passes this body for
the purposes of this war—not that I am not will-
ing to give to the uttermost farthing that is neces-
sary, and all that can be found necessary, but I
will not consent that it be carried on in the style
in which it has been hitherto. I will not consent
to it on principle in the first place, from necessity
in the second, unless gentlemen can tell me where
the money is to come from; because the time will
arrive, and that speedily, when we shall have to
look this thing in the face in a manner that will
be disagreeable to us all.
Gentlemen may think that what I have said is
out of place on this bill, where only thirty-six or
fifty thousand dollars are concerned; but such
matters are never outof place,and they come into
the consideration of a bill that appropriates but
five dollars. Agreeing with gentlemen, as I do
most decidedly and thoroughly, that we can gain
nothing in the world by making additional ap-
propriations to educate gentlemen at West Point
at the present time, this measure ought to be
deferred, in my judgment; let it go by. I have
nothing to say about West Point and the educa-
tion there, except this: I believe the military edu-
cation that is obtained there to be of the greatest
value to the country. It has been and will con-
tinue to be so. But I believe the moral education,
if I may call it such, is a very bad one; that the
pupils there are educated in a narrow, exclusive,
miserable spirit, which they are exhibiting every
day—and at no time more than now—in the field,
and everywhere where they are employed, in the
feelings that they seem to entertain towards the
volunteers, as far as I am informed, and as far as
I can judge from actual conversation. They seem
to imagine that all the wisdom that can be found
in man with regard to military affairs is confined
to that little knot, and that none can be found any-
where else. I do not agree to that, and it is time
they should open their eyes to the fact that,
though they are educated by the country for spe-
cial purposes, they do not make the country,and
do not make the Army in time of war, except as
they may be made serviceable in their particular
position. Still I am favor of that academy, be-
cause I believe it to be essential to the safety of
this great nation that we should have an educated
class of military men for a great many purposes
which cannot be got by God's grace without
study.
I do not agree with my friend from Michigan
in all he said in reference to the failure on the part
of the regular officers to get recruits. I happen to
know something about that. There are many
reasons for it. In the first place, there are hardly
half a dozen officers of the regular Army who are
West Point graduates that are employed in re-
cruiting at all. Thcic is recruiting going on for
the regular Army, but it is conducted by new
officers appointed from civil life. The Govern-
ment keeps them recruiting, and avails itself of
the services of others in the field and in other
places. Besides, gentlemen should consider the
greatdisad vantages under which theylabor. They
are obliged to come directly in competition with the
volunteers, and the volunteer service is preferred
by all. Put a stop to your volunteer enlistments,
as they will stop very soon, and, in myjudgment,
there will be no sort of difficulty in filling up
