166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
the ranks of the regulars; but where men have the
choice of two services, one of wh ich is much pref-
erable to the other in many particulars, so far as
the immediate advantage is concerned, it is not to
be wondered at that they will go into that corps
which seems most agreeable to them; and that has
been the great difficulty in the way, connected
with our unwise legislation and the rules of the
Department, which certainly are as well calcu-
lated to prevent recruiting as anything possibly
can be. I say this only as a matter of justice to
gentlemen who are engaged in recruiting and who
have done the best they could, and accomplished
more than I supposed they would be able to ac-
complish, in view of the disadvantages under
which they have labored.
I'rose not to say as much as I have said, but
simply to call the attention of the Senate to what
we shall have to speak plainly of very soon. I
should like to have this subject laid aside, in order
to take up the bill which has come from the House
of Representatives, unless gentlemen wish to con-
tinue the debate on the bill under consideration.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine de-
sires to take up a special bill: he lias kept the
Senate here for that purpose, and X want to ac-
commodate the Senator. I think we had better
lay this bill aside and take up his bill, and after
wo have passed that, possibly we can settle this
bill to-day.
Mr. HALE. I move that the bill be postponed
until to-morrow. I do not want it laid aside in-
formally. I desire to say something upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) It is moved that the further consid-
eration of the bill now before the Senate be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
TEA, COFFEE, AND SUGAE DUTIES.
The bill (H. R. No. 176) to increase the duties
on tea, coffee, and sugar, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like, if the Sen-
ate will agree to it, as they have had notice of
what I designed with reference to it, to have that
bill taken up and acted on at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider this bill at the present time without
reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear it read
before we agree to that. Let us hear what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
rend for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the bill, which enacts that
from and after its passage, instead of the duties
heretofore imposed on the articles mentioned in it
imported from foreign countries, there shall be col-
lected the following rates of duty: first, on all tens
20 cents per pound; second, on coffee of all kinds
5 cents per pound; third, on raw sugar, commonly
called Muscovado or brown sugar, and on sugars
not advanced above number twelve, Dutch stand-
ard, by claying, boiling, clarifying, or other pro-
cess, and on sirup of sugar, or of sugar cane, and
conccntrated molasses or concentrated melado, Si-
cents per pound; on white and clayed sugars, when
advanced beyond the raw state above number
twelve, Dutch standard, by clarifying or other
process, and not yet refined, 3 cents per pound;
on refined sugars, whether loaf, lump,ground,or
pulverized, 5 cents per pound; on sugars, after
being refined, when they are tinctured, colored,
or in any way adulterated, and on sugar candy,
Scents per pound; on molasses, 6 cents per gallon;
but all sirups of sugar or sugar cane, concen-
trated molasses or concentrated melado, entered
under the name of molasses, or any other name
than sirup of sugar or sugar cane, concentrated
molasses or concentrated melado, are to be liable
to forfeiture to the United States.
Thorebeingno objection,the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say, as no
Senator calls on me for any explanation, the bill
explains itself; that it has been recommended by
the unanimous vote of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives, and
of the Committee on Finance of the Senate, and is
the proposition of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. KING. I will inquire of the chairman of
the committee whether we are to have other legis-
lation in relation to the revenue than this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; read
the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next; and that when it adjourns on Thursday,
it be to meet on the Monday following. I believe
that is the usual form. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] objected the other day to a joint
resolution of the House for an adjournment of
Congress 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall have no objection
to the Senator's motion if the Senate will remain
long enough in session to allow the bill we have
just passed to be enrolled and signed. It must be
signed, I suppose, while the Senate and House
are in session; otherwise, I shall move to adjourn
till to-morrow, for every day is of importance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Thursday
next; and when it adjourns on Thursday, it be to
meet on the following Monday; and if it be the
pleasure of the Senate, 1 will extend it further by
adding, " and that when it adjourns on Monday,
it be to meet on the Thursday following, the 2d
of January."
Mr. SIMMONS. I am told a resolution has
just passed the House to adjourn from to-day till
the 2d of January next. That is all that the Sen-
ator from Ohio desires, and I should like to have
a vote on that resolution. Therefore, if we can
keep the Senate here by some means or other until
we receive it from the House, I think we can pass
the resolution to adjourn to meet on the 2d day of
January. Such a resolution has passed the House.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] desired the postponement of
the bill in regard to WestPointashorttime since.
He is willing to take it up now. We have time
enough to consider it, and therefore I move to re-
consider the vote postponing ii, for the purpose
of taking up the bill at this time.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that vote will not be re-
considered. The bill is of some importance—of
sufficient importance not to attempt to debate it
in this position of the Senate. We can as well
sit here chatting with each other until the tariff
bill is signed as we can when somebody is making
a speech. We can wait as well without taking
up business of importance. I think that bill needs
some discussion. I should certainly desire to
make some observations on it before I gave a vote
upon it, and I think it had better lie where it is.
I have no objection to waiting until the other bill
is enrolled and signed.
Mr. WILSON. I did not know that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who has just taken
his seat, desired to discuss the question, and I
thought we might dispose of it to-day; but as he
desires to do so, I withdraw the motion I made.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 rise merely to suggest
to the Senate that the motion that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it be to meet on such and such
a time, I take it is one that there must be a quo-
rum to act upon. We may adjourn until to-mor-
row without a quorum, but the motion to adjourn
over will require one, and we are thinning out
rapidly just now.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution providing for the
adjournment of Congress from to-day until the 2d
day of January next, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lot us take that up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, that when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Thursday next, and when
it adjourns on Thursday, it be to meet on Mon-
day, and when it adjourns on Monday, it be to
meet on the following Thursday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw that for the
purpose of taking the sense of the Senate on the
resolution of the House of Representatives.
Mr. COLLAMER. Lot the resolution be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution from
the House of Representatives is now before the
Senate and will be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Rcsohcd, (the Senate concuning,) That when this House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet onthc2ddayof January
next at twelve o'clock, meridian.
Mr. COLLAMER. That, if I understand it,
merely adjourns the House. It does not adjourn
the Senate at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose there is no objec-
tion to allowing the House to have its own way
with regard to an adjournment. We cannot do
any legislative business here during the holidays;
then why not allow the House to adjourn at its
discretion until the day after New Year's? We
can pursue the other course, and it will answer
just as well. In case of exigency we shall be here.
It is the constitutional mode of adjourning. They
ask our consent that they shall adjourn for more
than three days. We simply concur in that re-
quest. It is a proper one, and we ought to agree
to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that is the con-
stitutional way; there is no doubt of that; but it
is unprecedented. When the House adjourns it
has always been done, I believe, by the adjourn-
ment of Congress; Congress adjourns by the con-
sent of the two Houses. My only doubt about
it is this: it would not leave the Senate in session
to do, if it became necessary, some executive
business; but I believe if the other motion be
adopted, adjourning over three days after three
days,it will practically amount to the same thing
as adjourning Congress, for no quorum will as-
semble on those occasions. It seems to me, there-
fore, it would be better to amend the resolution of
the House by including the Senate, and I offer
that amendment.
Mr. KING. My opinion is against this ad-
journing over. I think it better for Congress to
remain here in session. I do not know of any
special or particular reason for us to remain here,
but in my opinion it is better for us to do so than
to adjourn over for this period of time in either
branch of Congress in any form at ail. I shall
therefore vote againstthe resolution. Of course
other Senators can act ou their own opinions
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to amend the resolution by strik-
ing out all after the word " concurring" in the
House resolution, and inserting the following:
That when the two Houses adjourn to-dayit be to meet
at twelve, mendian, on the 2d day of Januaty next.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to say a word
against that, but I do not see in his seat the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Carlile,] who suggested
some reasons that he had for amotion to adjourn,
and among them, a desire to eat a family dinner
on Christmas day with his family. Those are
reasons that ought to be considered. I trust the
Senator from New York appreciates that kind of
feeling;, and that he will forbear pressing his pe-
culiar views growing out of his peculiar relations
on the Senate, [laughter,] and will permit us to
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. You should have said his want
of relations. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The question being put, there were on a divi-
sion—ayes 19, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. [" Oh, no.'']
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I appeal to
my friend not to make that motion now.
Mr. WADE. I withd raw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew the motion I made
some time since for an adjournment for three days
at a time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the resolution sent from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order now to sub-
mita motion? Wehaveno quorum,and we cannot
acton that resolution if any one Senator inter-
poses. 1 therefore move to lay that proposition
aside, in order that I may make a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Thursday next 
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the impres-
sion of the Chair the Senator cannot submit that
motion. It is an act requiring notice of amotion.
We have the regular hour of meeting fixed by a
vote of the Senate now.
