1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
310f
still all that time, and she could not hold in any
longer.
I hope the amendment of the Senate will notbe
concurred in, and that this money will notbe ex-
pended; but that the nuisance, if there be any,
will, by direction' of one House or of both, be
abated, as suggested by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. MOORHEAD. In regard to the point of
the inconvenience of these bakeries to the Senate,
I desire to say that I have just been told by a mem-
ber of the Senate from Pennsylvania that the Sen-
ators consider th is a nuisance and wish it removed.
I have opposed the removal heretofore, but upon
this information, I shall change my course and
vote to sustain the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say,
in response to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] that the reason why I
supposed the House did not understand the ques-
tion was that I happened to be one of the tellers,
and I found that gentlemen would about as soon
vote upon one side as the other, and on the recount
something like fifteen members changed their
votes, and they all seemed to be utterly careless
how they did vote. That was the only reason
for it.
Let me say further, in response to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] that when
this bakery was first established, it was on account
of the necessity—the pressing necessity that we
should have some place wherein to bake bread for
our soldiers. That necessity, as he has suggested,
no longer exists, and if, as has been very properly
stated by thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] it is a nuisance to the Senate, I think
we ought to remove it.
The sum proposed to be appropriated by this
amendment may or may not be more than enough
to remove the bakery and repair the damage done.
I have not particularly investigated that subject,
but it is known to the members of the House that
not only do bakeries exist outside of the building,
but that rooms m the basement story have been
occupied for the same purpose, and that consid-
erable damage, which is constantly increasing,
has been inflicted on the building in consequence
of the smoke, not only to the library, but to this
whole building, which cost millions of dollars. I
leave it, sir, to the judgment of the House whether
the Capitol of the nation is a proper place to have
half a dozen bakeries in or round about the base
of. J move the previous question.
WAR NEWS.
Mr. COLFAX. I hold in my hand a dispatch
from the army of the Potomac, which will doubt-
less be interesting to members of the House. I
will read it:
War Department, July 0—1.25, P. M.
A dispatch from General IVTc<UlelIan, just received at the
War Depaitment, dated from Berkeley, Harrison's bar, July
2,5.30, p.m.states that he has succeeded in getting his army
to that place, on the bank of the James river, and had lost
but one gun, which had to be abandoned la^t night, (Tues-
day,) because it broke down. That an hour and a halt ago
the rear of the wagon tiain was within a mile of camp, and
only one wagon abandoned. That we had a severe baule
yesterday (Tuesday) and beat the enemy badly, the men
fighting even better than before. The men are in good
spirits. The reinforcements sent fiom Washington have
a,nved' E. S. SANFOItD, M. S.
The reading of the dispatch was followed by
much applause on the floor and in the galleries.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 297) for the re-
lief of J. W. Nye, without amendment; and a bill
(H. R. No. 187) to authorize an additional issue
of Treasury notes, and for other purposes, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Also that the Sfenate have passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 379) to amend an act entitled "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri river to the. Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 2, 1862;
An act (No. 321) for the relief of certain com-
panies of Indiana volunteers who lost their bag-
gage and other property at Hatteras Inlet; and
An act (No. 119) confirming a land claim in
the State of Iowa, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to sonic, dis-
agreed to others, and agreed with amendment to
another of the amendments of the House to the
bill of the Senate (No. 89) to amend the act of the
3d of March, 1837, entitled " An act supplement-
ary to the act entitled * An act to amend the ju-
dicial system of the United States.' "
Also, that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 423) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1863, insisted on their
amendments disagreed to by the House to the said
bill, asked a committee of conference with the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and have appointed Mr. Hale, Mr.
Grimes, and Mr. Powell the committee of con-
ference on their part.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Saturday next. [Cries
of "Oh, no!"] I think we can afford to adjourn
after that news.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I inquire of the Chair whether,
when the House has voted repeatedly on this prop-
osition to adjourn over, in both forms—to Satur-
day and to Monday—it is in otderto repeat it?
The SPEAKER. It has always been held to
be in order after intervening business of any kind.
Mr. COX called for tellers on his motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Lovejoy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 48.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yoas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CR1SFIELD. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking out
"Saturday," and inserting "Monday" in lieu
thereof.
Mr. SPAULDING. I ask the consent of the
House that the Treasury note bill, which has been
returned from the Senate with amendments, may
be taken up now with a view to the appointment
of a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that until
this question of adjourning over is disposed of,
that is hardly in order.
Mr.SPAULDING. Very well, sir,I withdraw
the request.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
gentleman's request to the House when the pend-
ing propositions shall have been disposed of.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays on
Mr. Crisfield's amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Crisfield's
amendment; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 41, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Babbitt, Diddle, Francis P.
Blair, Samuel S. Blair, George II. Browne, Calvert, Fred-
erick A. Conkling, Ciavens, (Ji isfield, Crittenden, Fentori,
Fouke. Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, Haight, Hale, Hall,
Harding, Iloiman, Law, Malloiy, Maynard, Menztes, Mor-
ris, Olin, John S. Phelps, Potter, James S. Rollins, Segar,
Shellabarger, John li. Steele, Train, Van Valkenburgh,
Voothees, YVashburne, Webster, Wickliffe, Wood, and
Woicester—41.
NAYS—Messis. Aldrich, William Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Jacob B.
Biair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell,
Chamberim, Clark, Colfax, Roscoe Conkling, Corning,
Covode, Cox, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Dunlap. Dunn, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fessenden, Frank, Gooch, Gri-
der, Ilutchms, Julian, William Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Low, MeKmglit, McPherson, May, Mitchell, Mooiliead,
Anson P. Momll, Justin S. Morrill, Nugen, Udell, Patton,
Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps, Poineroy, Porter, John H.
Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shank-*, Sheffield, Sherman, Spauldtng, Ste-
vens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Walton, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and
Windoin—73.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's motion to
adjourn over till Saturday, on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to lay
the motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn over is
not susceptible of a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING-. A similar motion
was entertained this morning.
The SPEAKER. If so, it was done inadvert-
ently. If the attention of the Chair had been
called to it, the motion would not have been enter-
tained.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's motion;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 58,
nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Baxter, Biddle, Francis P. Bfclr,
Samuel S. Blair, George H. Browne, Buffinton, Colfax.
Fi ederick A.Conkling, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield,Crittende ,
Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fouke, Goodwin, G,ran-
Richardson, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segftf*
Shellabaiger, John B. Steele, Benjamin F.Thomas,Train,
Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Walton, Washburne, Web-
ster, Albert S. White, Wickliffe, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Worcester—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, Asbley, Bafcer,
Bingham, Jacob B. Biair, Blake, William G. Brown, Co-
vert, Chambeilin, Clark, Roscoe Conkling, Coming, Co-
vode, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Edwards,
Feasenden, Frank, Hail, Harding, Holman, Hutciuns, Ju-
lian, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Loomis, Low,
McPherson, MoorheadTNugen, Patton, Pendleton, Poine-
roy, Porter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins,
Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman, Spaulding, Stevens, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, and Wheeler—50.
So the House decided, when it adjourns to-day,
to adjourn till Saturday next.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate has returned the
naval appropriation bill, and has asked for a com-
mittee of conference. I move that the Housein-
sist on its disagreeing votes, and agree to a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. SPAULDING-. I ask to take up the Sen-
ate amendments to House bill No. 187, "to au-
thorize an additional issue of United States notes,
and for other purposes," non-concur in them,
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I must object. I
prefer to have those amendments considered in
the House. Some of them are important, and
perhaps the House may concur in them and dis-
pense with the necessity of referring them to a
committee of conference.
Mr. SPAULDING. Then I move that the
amendments be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I ask consent to of-
fer the following resolution: .
Resolved, That on and aficr Monday, the 7th day of July,
the hour of meeting of the House shall be eleven o'clock, a.
m., of each day, till the close of the session.
Mr. WASHBURNE objected.
FURLOUGHS TO SICK SOLDIERS, ETC.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire what legislation, if any, is necessary to
facilitate the gianting of furloughs or discharges to sick or
wounded soldier ; and that the same committee also bein-
shucted to inquire and report as to the manner in which
soldiers who die in tins city or vicinity are buried ; and that
said committee be at liberty to report at any time, by bill or
otherwise.
RESOLUTIONS OF CONNECTICUT LEGISLATURE.
Mr. LOOMIS, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Connecti-
cut, in favor of the location of a navy-yard at New
London, Connecticut; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
GENERAL HUNTER'S LETTER.
Mr. DUNLAP asked consent to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcsolvcd, That the sentiments contained in the paper read
to this body on yes-terday approving the arming of slaves,
emanating from Major General D. Hunter, clothed in dis-
courteous language, aie an indignity to the American Con-
gress, an insult to the American people and our brave sol-
diers in arms, for which sentiments, so uttered, he justly
merits our condemnation and censure.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object; and move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fouro'clockand fifteen minutes,p.m.,) the House
adjourned to Saturday next.
