1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is a quorum now
present, and I want to offer a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques-
tion before the Senate, and that is the resolution
from the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that until it is
ascertained there is a quorum present, no motion
can be made, and no business done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except to adjourn,
of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have discovered that
there is no quorum present. The Senator from
Iowa desires to offer a resolution. Of course he
cannot offer his resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rules
that it is not in order at the present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will call for the yeas
and nays to see if we cannot get a quorum. 1 call
,for the yeas and nays on the question on which
the Senate divided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is too late to make that
call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question lias
passed the Senate. It has been taken.
Mr. HALE. There was no quorum.
Mr. FOOT. The question, then, is on con-
curring in the resolution of the House; and upon
thnt 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask whether a motion
to adjourn over within three days is not in order,
even with less than a quorum ? I know that amo-
tion to adjourn until to-morrow is in order at any
time; but in the House a motion to adjourn over
takes precedence over a simple motion to adjourn
without a quorum. I do not know what is the
rule here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, when
it had its constitutional number to make a quo-
rum, fixed its hour of meeting; and the impres-
sion of the Chair is that the uniform rule in this
body has been that it takes a Senate to change
that. The question is on concurring in the reso-
lution of the House.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays IB; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs. Anthony, Foot, Gnmcp, Hale, Powell,
Sanlsbuiy, Sherman, Simmons, Wilkinson, Willey, and
WiNon—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Davis, F««sonrJen, Foster, Harlan, Harris, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Rice, Suinnei, Thomson,
Trumbull, and Wade—18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. HALE. I was going to move that the
Senate adjourn-, but it has been suggested to me
that theie is some business to be done.
Mr. BROWNING. We are waiting forabill
that is being'enroilod.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, I do
not propose to appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and I have no doubt the statement of the
Cluur is a correct one; but the practice of the
other Mouse is different, and I think the House
is correct. Whenever the Senate finds itself with-
out a quorum it can adjourn. The Senate can
decide when it may adjourn with less than a quo-
rum. It may adjourn until to-morrow or the next
day, but it cannot adjourn over three days. The
Constitution forbids their adjourning beyond three
days without the consent of the other House; but
the Senate may adjourn, and may adjourn any
time within the constitutional rule, the Constitu-
tion having fixed a prescribed rule of adjournment.
It seems to me, therefore, that the Senate have the
power, with even less than a quorum, to adjourn
within three days, and therefore that motion is in
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will see in a moment that he is wrong. The rules
fix the time to which we adjourn. It is to twelve
o'clock. That is by a standing rule of the body.
We can adjourn with less than a quorum, but we
cannot alter that rule. This would be an altera-
tion of a rule, which requires a quorum to alter.
Less than a quorum may simply adjourn. The
time to which the Senate shall adjourn is fixed by
a rule which cannot be changed with less than a
majority of the Senate present.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not per-
ceive the point. The power to adjourn includes
within it the time to be fixed to which we adjourn,
and we may change that at any time within three
days.
Mr. COLLAMER. What becomes of the rule
fixing the hours of meeting from day to day !
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate on a general
adjournment can change that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Without a quorum ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not legislation; it is
simply a question of adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that we
are wasting time by sitting here. I was going to
suggest that we had better adjourn until to-mor-
row, and then when we meet, the bill for which
we are waiting can be reported as enrolled to us,
and perhaps there may be a quorum present. I
hope so. At any rate no vote will be taken to
show that there is not a quorum. It will be a quo-
rum on the record when we meet undoubtedly,
and in that way we can get out of this difficulty,
and adopt our resolution if we think proper to-
morrow, and adjourn for three days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
rules of the House are; but I suppose when a
message is sent from the House to the Senate the
House itself must be in session. For instance,
if the House should adjourn to-day without send-
ing in that bill, can it come m while the House is
not in session? I do not know what the rule is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not necessary,
in the opinion of the Chair, for one House to be
in session when bills are being signed in the other
House
Mr. PESSENDEN. I understand that. My
point is not perceived. The House proposes to
send us a message announcing that an enrolled
bill lias been signed. Suppose that is done by
the House in order. When the bill arrives here
this body is not m session, and to-morrow when
this body is in session the House is not. Can
that message be delivered to the Senate, the House
not being m session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no reason why it
should not. The House has adjourned over until
say next Thursday 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can a message from the
House be sent to us when the House is not in
session?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the practice of the
House has been so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has been some
doubt about that; and therefore I would rather
wait a few moments until that bill is sent in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the practice, has been uniform for officers
representing the other branch of Congi ess to bring
messages when that body is not in session. That
is the uniform practice of both Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I only sug-
gested that difficulty, for I do not want any pos-
sible slip about it. It would be very injurious.
I should like to have the opinion of the Secretary
of the Senate on the subject, who has been Clerk
of the House, and I wiil ask him. [After con-
sultation with Colonel J. W. Forney, Secretary
of the Senate.] If I understand the ruling of the
Chair that the bill must be signed when there is
a quorum, or when it does not appear that there
is not a quorum, I shall not offer any further op-
position to an adjournment; for I understand the
practice has been uniform in both branches to send
messages after the body has adjourned.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate then
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, December 23, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
Mr. John A. Logan appeared to-day in his seat.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
CALL OP COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the first business
in order to be the call of committees for reports
for reference.
CIRCUIT COURTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back House bill
No. 116, to amend the act of March 3, 1837, en-
titled " An act supplementary to an act entitled
' An act to amend thejudiciary system of the Uni-
ted States,' " with an amendment, and ask that the
same be put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Ohio that the rule expressly re-
quires that all bills reported on this call of com-
mittees shall be referred to a Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose the bill may be,
passed by general consent. It introduces no new
legislation. It is simply for the organization of,
two circuit courts for the Northwest. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to put the, bill
on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that the bill may
take its regular course.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
ISRAEL TKISBIE.
Mr.GRIDER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the surviving children of Israel Frisbie, a revolu-
tionary soldier: which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. DUELL. I ask that that bill may be put
on its passage. It makes but a small appropria-
tion, and is a very meritorious case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on Private Claims, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of the
United States was received by Mr. NicOLAT,his
Private Secretary.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories for the introduction of bills
of which previous notice has been given for refer-
ence.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. PERRY introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled " An.act to provide for the better organi-
zation of the military establishment;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
EMPLOYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS, ETC.
Mr. PERRY also introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in the enforcement of the laws
and protecting the public property;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
ERIE IIARROR.
Mr. BABBITT introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the preservation and improve-
ment* of the harbor of Erie, in the State of Penn-
sylvania; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In pursuance of
previous notice, I now introduce a " personal lib-
erty bill," and move to refer it. I offer a bill to
regulate and enforce the writ of habeas corpus and
for the better security of the liberty of the citizen.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
DIRECT TAX IN MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELL introduced a joint resolution sus-
pending for twelve months the collection of the
direct tax in the State of Missouri; which was
read a firstand second time,referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. COliB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined,
and found truly enrolled, a joint resolution ex-
pressive of the recognition by Congress of the gal-
lant and patriotic services of the late Brigadier
General Nathaniel Lyon, and the officers and sol-
diers under his command at the battle of Spring-
field , Missouri; when the Speaker signed the same.
ARIZONA.
Mr. WATTS introduced a bill to provide for a
temporary government for the Territory of Ari-
zona; which was read a first and second time) and
referred to the Committee on Territories,
