1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
a band of sixteen for each regiment will be quite
as efficient as twenty-four, as now provided; but
they insist that regimental bands are of great value
in keeping up the proper spirit of the Army when
in camp as well as when in the field. It is well
known to every one who has ever had anything
to do with camp life, that there is very little relax-
ation and very little amusementin it, and that the
music the bands afford do a great deal to sustain
the tone, and even the health, of persons in the
camp. As a matter relating simply to the health
and spirit of our troops, I believe myself that regi-
mental bands may be well employed. It is not
simply martial music; but music is intended, as
introduced in the military service, for the purpose
of inspiriting the troops. From early morn until
the time for rest, when in camp, soldiers have no
occupation except drill, and no proper relaxation;
and nothing is exciting, all is laborious.
It is provided in this bill that brigade bands of
sixteen pieces each shall be organized. Regi-
ments are not always brigaded, and a regiment is
an independent and distinct body by itself, with
its colonel and officers. They are generally or-
ganized, and bring their music from particular
parts of the country. It will be a very embar-
rassing thing to carry out this provision. In the
first place, the bands must be organized as brig-
ade bands; and then they will not relate to the
same body of persons or to the same organiza-
tion. The petitions that have come here have
been numerously signed by the whole, I think, of
the officers of one division of the Army. As far
as I can learn, it is the general opinion, as a mat-
ter of policy, that the bands, as regimental bands,
should be ictained,though the pieces may be re-
duced in number.
I can understand very well, and I think it will
be understood by all Senators, that music is one
of the essentials in maintaining a body of armed
men in the field as well as moving them in battle.
I dislike myself to see an innovation so extensive
as this, providing simply a band for brigades, the
brigadier general, the officer commanding a brig-
ade not generally having immediate relation to the
corps. 1 think such a provision as I now sug-
gust will answer all the reduction that can be
profitably made. I move to strike out all of the
sixth section after the words " and be it further
enacted," and to insert " that regimental bands
be reduced to sixteen musicians;" and to strike
out the whole of the seventfi section.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will not sustain the motion made by the
Senatorfrom California. This bill will save nearly
four millions of dollars annually in this respect
alone. I suppose that some officers and possibly
some of the men would desire to retain these
bands; but a band for a regiment, in my judg-
ment, organized as our Army now is, is unneces-
sary altogether. Nearly all our regiments^ are
brigaded, and the brigades are organized in divis-
ions; and we are about organizing the divisions
into corps. This bill proposes to abolish the regi-
mental bands, and to organize one brigade band
in each brigade. That will reduce to one fourth of
the present cost, the expense of the bands. The
Senator ought to remember, and doubtless does
remember, that every company has two musicians
besides the band—a drummer and a fifer. Some
of the regiments, instead of having a drummer and
fifer in each company, have organized a drum
corps; some of them have five lifers and fifteen
drummers. But all the regiments by law are en-
titled to have twenty musicians, and this does not
touch that. I think that abundant. The services
rendered by these bands amount to very little in-
deed. They are out at dress parade, and that is
about all; and they are also out on special occa-
sions. They are here at enormous expense, and
I venture to say to-day, that nearly all the mem-
bers of these bands are here at a sacrifice and de-
sire to go home. My mails have groaned with
letters from members of the bands inquiring about
this bill, and I have received but a solitary letter
during this session in favor of retaining these
bands. They are appealing to the Adjutant Gen-
eral continually to be discharged and to go home.
I think the passage of this section will save nearly
four millions of dollais a year. The Paymaster
General has been urging and pressing upon us to
pass it. Therefore I hope it will not be changed.
If I would change anything in the section, it would
be to carry the brigade bands from sixteen up to
twenty-six pieces, the number of the regimental
bands now, but I think sixteen pieces will make
a very good band.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I differ radically with the
Senator from Massachusetts, about the whole
business of saving. I think that we may save
by his policy, with a loss. Everything appears
to be measured here, all these considerations, by
how much the Government may save, without
any regard to the question what it is policy for
the Government to do. In regard to this ques-
tion, I am satisfied that I am right; and I think
if the gentleman had marched long weary days,
and made camp, evening after evening, fatigued
and worn out with marching, and if after he had
broke his fast, he heard the sound of beautiful
music rise upon the evening air, and got his re-
pose in that as much as in his rest and sleep at
night, he would understand that there is some-
thing more in music, m martial music, in bands
if you please, than a question of mere amuse-
ment, a mere thing of pleasure, a mere tiling of
taste, the enjoyment or the luxury of our troops
in the field. As I said before, it is a matter that
has to do with the health, the discipline, and the
heart of our soldiers.
"We have now a band of sixteen musicians for
every thousand or twelve hundred men. It is,
according to the view of the gentleman, nothing
of benefit that we should have such a band. Why,
sir, the commonest piece of instrumental music,
a single horn or a bugle note is of advantage to
men fatigued. After a day's marching it is re-
laxation, it is rest. It has both physical and
moral influences. Why has music always been
connectcd with arms, and the marches of armed
men, tlnough all history? Is it for nopurposeof
utility? I say it is for utility, not for pleasure,
not for grandeur, not for ornament, but for the
purpose of supporting the hearts of men who are
laboring and marching, who are taken away from
the relations of society, and who need something
for the improvement of the tone of theindividual.
I say it is good for the health, it is good for the
morals, it is good for the courage and the heart
of the soldier, that there should be a certain
amount of music. The sound of the fife and drum
is music in a certain sense; it is good music to
march to; but that is not all. You can keep beauti-
ful time with the fife and the drum; but since the fife
and drum wereinvented,musichasbeen vastly im-
proved, and if there is any person entitled to these
improvements, the man who goes into the field,
who undergoes the fatigues of marching, and the
dangers of battle, is as much entitled to them as
the Senator from Massachusetts, who may go
and hear delightful music discoursed at any of the
concerts in the city of Washington. For these
persons it is a need; to the Senator it would be a
luxury.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator from California has " music in his soul," and
I trust the rest of us are not destitute of the qual-
ity; but the Senator ought to remember that this
army is brigaded, and if he goes across the river
he will find that every division, which is within
two miles square, has five hundred and fifty mu-
sicians.
Mr. McDOlTGALL. The regiments go into
camp, each under its coloncl. What relation has
that to the other regiments of the division?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Every com-
pany is entitled to two musicians.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That makes
twenty musicians to a tegiment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Fifers and drummers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then every
regiment is at present entitled to a band of twenty-
six pieces. In every brigade of this army there
are four large bands of twenty-six pieces each.
Mr. McDOUGALL. How near together do the
regiments lie > Do the brigades lie together?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
one brigade that has been here for months, and its
camps do not extend one mile from end to end.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a mistake of the
Senator, I think. .
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is not
a brigade of the army of the Potomac that I have
not visited.
Mr. ANTHONY. They hold dress paiadcs
t0"Mr!eWILSON, of Massachusetts. I was out
last Sunday, and saw any quantity of dress pa-
rades. I saw one dress parade of three regiments,
with three bands all going at the same time. The
regiments were located side by side, and the whole
line was not much more than naif a mile in length.
A gentleman wrote to me the other day from Fort-
ress Monroe that he had heard twelve bands of
music playing there. Over the river here, divis-
ions that are camped down within two miles
square are entitled to thirteen large bands, and
each regiment has twenty musicians besides. It"
is proposed in this bill to have one band for each'
brigade. It will be ample and sufficient. Then
every regiment will continue to have its twenty
pieces, to which it is entitled by law; and I ven-
ture to say that the music of the drum" and fife
is, to my uncultivated ear, the finest music in the
Army. I think they will have an abundance of
it. The Senator from California seems to think
that the bands play when the army is marching.
Our army moved the other day, and I venture to
say there was very little music; I do not know
whether they will have any in marching back.
This provision of the bill musters out of the ser-
vice a vast number of men, and saves a great
amount of money. I think it is of vital import-
ance in the present condition of the country. We
are told that we have over six hundred thousand
men in the field, and our expenses are over two
millions of dollars a day—for I am informed that
the army of the Potomac alone costs §1,250,000 a
day. I think we had better muster these men out
of the service; and I venture to say that nine tenths
of them desire to be mustered out. I hope the
amendment of the Senator from California will not
be agreed to.
Tiie amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before the bill is passed
I wish to say a few words, though I do not sup-
pose I shall be able to influence the opinion of any
one Senator. The question of finance, the ques-
tion of taxation, properly belongs to a particular
committee of the Senate. It is a subject of the
largest moment, demanding the most complete
system. We have expenses to meet in the con-
duct of this war and in the administration of this
Government, and we have got to derive revenue
to meet those expenses. The entire subject of
taxation—and this to a great extent is but a meas-
ure of indirect taxation—is one that is now re-
ceiving the consideration of the appropriate com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, and is the
proper business of the Finance Committee here,
and is being considered by them. It is well un-
derstood that we are to have a measure brought
before Congress, providing for the assessment of
a regular tax upon every citizen in proportion to
his means and his income. Now, if there is a
fundamental rule of law recognized in all civilized
Governments, which has been recognized in this
Government, it is equality in taxation. A bill
has been reported from the Ways and Means
Committee of the other House, assessing an in-
come tax against every citizen, the persons who
hold place under this Government, and the per-
sons who engage in their personal pursuits. Out
of the income of a Senator or Representative is to
come his percentage of tax. Out of the income
of the employe of the Government in any depart-
ment is to come his percentage of tax. Upon
what piinciple is it that you make a special tax
upon the employes of the Government? It seems
to be understood that when we tax others, we
must do something ourselves. Shall we not, by
the general law, all be equally taxed? Or is this
upon the supposition that the persons in the em-
plovmentof the Government are special and most
legitimate objects of taxation ? If so, why so ?
1 do not know that the persons who serve the
Government, and who serve it well, are better
paid than persons engaged in pursuits requiring
the like skill, the like ability, and the like labor
in the other avocations of life. I understand, by
the admission of Senators, and by their general
statements, that the employes of the Government
do not, in proportion to skill and in proportion to
labor, receive equal compensation with those who
engage in private pursuits. Then, where is the
justice of this special taxation? I undertake to
say that it is a truth, maintained by all experience,
that Governments do not pay as well as private
individuals for useful services; and in our coun-
