108-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate have passed an act to amend an
actentitled " An act to prohibit the sale of spiritu-
ous liquors and intoxicating drinks in the District
of Golumbia.in certain cases," approved August
5, 1861, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, the bill of this House making an ap-
propriation for gunboats on western rivers.
SALE OF LIQUORS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the consent of the
House to take up and pass the bill which has just
come from the Senate, in relation to the sale of
intoxicating drinks to soldiers.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a suggestion in relation
to that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
proceed by general consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The same bill
which this seeks to amend came into this House
from the Senate at the last session of Congress.
The House will remember that the gentleman
from Ohio, who 1 see standing in his seat, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] at that time suggestedan amend-
ment. Some little notice was taken of it at the
time, and we passed what has since proved to be,
as I supposed then it would bo, a very inefficient
bill. We passed another bill in the same session
amending it, and now still another bill comes here
from the Senate to amend it. I beg, under these
circumstances, to suggest to the gentleman from
Illinois that it will be well to let this bill be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia, and
receive some little consideration before we make
another effort at amending this law. That com-
mittee are to have u meeting, I believe, to-morrow,
and no great delay will be incurred.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 have nonobjection to
the reference, if the gentleman wishes it.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. For the reason sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York, I think
this bill ought to go to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 1 move that it be referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have no sort
of objection to that reference.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. WATTS introduced a bill to provide for
the examination of claims for Indian depredations
in the Territory of New Mexico; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
THE ALLOTMENT SYSTEM.
Mr. WATTS also introduced a bill to extend
the allotment system to the volunteer forces in
the Territories; which was read afirst and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
INTRODUCTION OP RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the call of States and Territories for
the introduction of resolutions.
RENDITION OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Wilson, on Monday last, was taken up for con-
sideration; the previous question having been de-
manded on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Comnnttoe on Military Affairs 1k  in
structed to report to this. House a bili loi the enactment of
an additional article of w;tr for the government of the Army,
whereby the officers in the militaiv seivice of the United
States shall be prohibited from usinir nny portion of the
forces under their respective command'' for the pui pose of
rctui uiug fugitive*. )rom service 01 labor; and piovidm^ for
the punishment of Mich officers as may violate said article
by dismissal Irom the service.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to ask a single question m reference to this
resolution.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
Mr. NOELL. I move to lay the resolution on
the table, and call for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Joseph Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
George H. Browne, Calvert, Cobb, Cravens, Dunlap, Dunn,
Fouke, Grider, Haight, Harding, Knapp, Law, Leary,
Logan, Maynard, Menzies, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen,
Odell, Periy, Robinson, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,
Francis Thomas, Upton, Vallandigham, Webster,and Chil-
ton A. White—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Alduch, Arnold, Babbitt, Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Beanian, Bingham, Francis P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlin,
Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conlding, Roscoe Conkling,
Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Diven, Duel), Eliot, Fessenden,
Gooch, Goodwin, Hancliett, Harrison, Hooper, Ilutchins,
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, McKoan,
McKnisiht, McPherson, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Jus-
tin S. Morrill, Pike, Porter, Pottei, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks-, Shellabaiger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Vandever, Van Horn, Wal-
lace, Chatles \V. Walton, IS. 1\ Walton, Washbume,
Wheeler, Whalcy, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom,and
Worcester—70.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The resolution was then adopted.
DISLOYAL STATES.
Mr. VANDEVER submitted the following res-
olution, and callcd the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed to inquire into the legality and expediency of establish-
ing teiritorial governments within the limits of the disloyal
States and districts, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
amend so as to provide that we should first get
into the disloyal States? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. VANDEVER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. VANDEVER also moved to reconsider
the vote by which his colleague's [Mr. Wilson's]
resolution was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF SOLDIERS' PAY.
Mr. ALDRICH offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
hereby is, instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the pay of the non-commissioned officers of the
Army; and to leport by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to insert the word
" privates."
Mr. ALDRICH. I accept the amendment as a
modification of the resolution.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
Mr. 13ERNT-IISEL offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Tcrmorics be lcquc^ted
to inquire into the expediency of pioviding foi the pin chase
of hooka foi the teuitoiinl hbtaues ot New Mexico, IJtah,
VVashincton, and Nebia-ka, by appropriating $300 for each
of saidTeiritorie^to be expended under the dnecuon of the
Secretary ot the Inteuoi ; and that &aid committee leport
by bill oi otheiwi-e.
LIBRARY OF COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. BENNETT offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee onTcintories be tnstiucted
to inquire into the pi oprietv of providing by asufhcietitap-
piopnation for atenitoual iibraiv m the recently organized
Temtoiy ofColoiado, and to report by bill or otheiwi.se.
CHANGE IN THE ORGANIC ACT OF COLORADO.
Mr. BENNETT also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resohed. That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the piopriety of amending the act
of Congiesf appiovcd Febiuary 28.1881, oi ani/ang the Tei-
litory of Colorado, in the following paitienlai*, viz: ]. Do
awav with the absolute veto power of the Goveinoi, and
re-triet the same in like manner contained in the aeN of
Congie^s oiganizmg Kansas and Nebiaska. 3. Increasing
the jurisdiction ol justices ot the peace to $300, and the
jurisdiction of probate couits to $9,000, with jmwhetron
aNo to piobate courts of matters ni eontiovei*y when the
boundaries of land are in dispute; and to report by bill or
otherwise.
INCREASE OF PAY OF OFFICERS IN COLORADO.
Mr, BENNETT also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the propriety and expediency of increasing
the salaries of the Federal officers nnd the pay of the racm-
beis of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Colo-
rado, and report by bill or otherwise.
EXPENSES OF TAKING TI1E CENSUS OF COLORADO.
Mr. BENNETT also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Way? and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expenses incurred by the
Governor in taking the late census oi Colorado Territory
under the requirements of the organic act of said Territory;
and that the said committee be also instructed to inquire
into the extraordinary expenses of the marshal of Colorado
Territory for providing a jail for State prisoners and others,
as well also as other judicial expenses for couit-rooms, &.e.,
and to leport by bili or otherwise.
TAXATION IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. BENNETT also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Wheieas the same latio of taxation is being levied upon
the people of the Territories as upon the people of the
States of this Union ; and whereas this Government is based
upon the consent of the governed, and the right of taxation
without repiesentation having always been denied by this
people, and is manifestly wrong in piincipie and contiary
to the spirit of our institutions: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety ol allowing Delegates
liom the Territories of the United States, all the rights and
privileges of members of this branch of the national legis-
lature.
BRANCH MINT IN COLORADO.
Mr. BENNETT also presented joint resolutions
of the Legislative Assembly of Colorado, relative
to the establishment of a branch of the United
States Mint at Denver, in Colorado Territory;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
JOIIN CRABLERAUGII.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH offered the following
resolution; which was objected to:
Rewired, That the Committee on The Judiciary be re-
quested to mquiic into the legality and propucty of paving
to John Ciadlebaugh his salaiy as associate justice of the
supreme court of the Tenitory of Utah, from the year 1859
to the 4th of March, 1801, and report by bill or otheiwise.
DUTIES UPON TEA, COFFEE, AND SUGAR.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means a bill to increase
the duties upon tea, coffee, and sugar.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We can wait a
little for that, and I object.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the repot t of the Secretary of
the Interior, with the accompanying documents, as relates
to the Public Printing be lcferied to the Committee on Public
Pi llltlllg.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION.
Mr. ROLLINS, ofNew Hampshire, introduced
a bill, amending the act to incorporate the Colum-
bia Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind, and making appropriations
for the benefit thereof; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
RUINS OF WASHINGTON INFIRMARY.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution for the sale of the ruins of the Wash-
ington Infirmary, and to move that it be put on
its passage.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title.
The bill was read in extenso. If. provides that the
Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds
be directed to sell, at public auction, all the ma-
terial, building and otherwise, now remaining on
Judiciary square, of the late Washington Infirm-
ary, with the condition that the same be removed
by the purchaser or purchasers within a reason-
able time from the day of sale, to be fixed by the
Commissioner; and that the proceeds of said sale
may be used to pay for taking care of said prop-
erty since the fire, and for the improvement of said
j Judiciary square.
j The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
