2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
fered,and I know that many of them did suffer
and die.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 was in Kansas when
Opothleyoholoarrived there, at Leaven worth,with
his bands, and he stated to me that they lost over
jive hundred killed by the enemy between leaving
their homes and their arrival in Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The point I was making is
that there are other loyal Indians besides those in
•Kansas, and that to appropriate this money sim-
ply to those who are there, whether they were
driven away or ran away, might be unjust to those
who remained. I am for the Government either
returning them to their homes, or appropriating
money to feed those that we have; but I do not
want the appropriation restricted to them simply,
because there may be others just as good, justas
loyal, who suffered;others, perhaps, more deserv-
ing, who have remained at home and stood true to
their relations to the Government and their own
people. While I would do all that my colleague
would do for those in Kansas, I would not restrict
the appropriation to them; but I would have it so
that the Department might alleviate the sufferings
of others besides those in Kansas with this money.
To carry out the view which I entertain, I move
to amend the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
by striking out the words " and have been driven
from their homes."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read to the Senate
an amendment, which I have drawn up to take the
place of that which was adopted yesterday on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, that I think will
accomplish the purpose fully:
That In all eases where the tribal organization of any In-
dian tribe shall be in actual hominy to the United States,
the Piesident is authorized by ptoclaiimuon to declaie all
treaties with such tube to be annulled, abrogated, and set
aside: Pro ruled, That in the opinion of the'Piosideiit the
same can legally be done. Ami the President is furthei
autljonzed to expend *o much as may be necessary of any
amount of money appropriated for the benefit of any tabu
who-.e oiganization shall be in hostility as aforesaid tor the
relief and supply of loyal Indians belon^m* to Mid tube:
Provided, That no jrieater amount ?>liall bo thus expended
than would equal the laleable propniuon of*atd appropii-
atlon belonging to the Indians tlm* supplied And ail dis-
bursements uudei this section ^liall lit; teporfed in detail to
Congios* on the fir-t day of the .session following the lineal
year during which said money is expended; and all sup
plies purchased under thib act *hall be purchased in the
mode pi enculx'd by Jaw for oihei supplies.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suggest to the Sena-
tor from Maine to make an alteration in his amend-
ment, because none of the tribes are at war with
the United States as tribes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well*, then there
would he no trouble arising under the section.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But yon do not reach
the money then ?
Mr, FESSENDEN. Oh, yes. That is entirely
discretionary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is that in your sec-
ond clause ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes. <l And the Presi-
dent is further authorized to expend so much as
may be necessary of any amount of money appro-
priated for the benefit of any tribe whoso organi-
zation shall be in hostility as aforesaid, for the
relief and supply of loyal Indians belonging to
said tribe."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That language ought
to be changed, for there arc no such tribes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, which you have been
speaking against, is simply nugatory and amounts
to nothing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If you change it so
as to read, " where any portion of the tube is at
war," it will reach what I desire.
Mr. GRIMES. We have been very much mis-
informed if the tribal organizations arc not in hos-
tility to us. Certainly the Choctaws and the
Cherokees are.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir. Ross was
imprisoned and was compelled to acquiesce; and
vet they did not declare war, and none of them
have done so as nibes.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have a sep-
arate vote upon that portion of the amendment of
the Senator from Maine which refers to fibrosa- !
ting treaties. ° j
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been adopted !
already.
por-
tion of these Indians are now in Kansas, having
been driven out of their country, but they are soon
to return, as my colleague says, and a military
force is about to go forward with them. I want
this money used not only for their benefit butfor
the benefit of any loyal Indians who may have re-
mained in their own country. I say distinctly to
the Senate that when these Indians who have been
driven out return home, they will find many others
there as loyal as themselves, who have never been
absent. Unless my amendment be adopted,! fear
that the amendment of the Senator from Iowa will
deprive the Indian department of the power of
doing anything for those who were not driven out,
and as they will all be back shortly, I think we
ought to allow the department to expend this
money for the benefit of all who have been faith-
ful and true, whether they were driven out or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Theie is force in the state-
ment made by the Senator from Kansas who last
addressed the Chair, that there may be some loyal
Indians, who were not actually driven from their
homes, that ought to be embraced within the ben-
efits of the provision. If the words to which he
objects should be stricken out, the provision would
apply to all those Indians who the President is sat-
isfied have remained loyal; and with that amend-
ment I hope the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa will be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. The object the committee had
in view was to provide relief for the Indians that
had b'ecn driven from their homes on account of
their changed condition, so that the Department
could pay them more money than they would be
able to draw under the treaty regulations; and I
make this remark in reference to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine. He pro-
poses that the Piesident may use prorata, for the
benefit of the loyal Indians, what they would be
entitled to under the treaties. I suppose that under
the bill, as it now stands, the money will be thus
appiopnated, for the very proviso which I have,
proposed to amend says that the President may
suspend or postpone the appropriations, wholly
or in part, at and during his pleasure and discre-
tion. I suppose that the House of Representatives
intended, in framing that proviso, to enable the
President to suspend the payment of annuities to
the, disloyal Indians, and to pay out pro rata the
amount that would he due to the loyal Indians,
whether in or out of their reservations. But in
consequence of theirchanged condition, they hav-
ing been diiven from their lands, and bemgunable
to cultivate their grounds and raise crops, it will
require some more money to carry them through
the current year than otherwise would have en-
abled them to live. As I have before rematked,
the Department asked for $200,000 for this pur-
pose. The committee believe that if the Depart-
ment should be autlioiized to use the money
already appropriated n  this bill to these tribes m
gross, for the benefit of the loyal Indians who have
been driven out, so far as it may afford them re-
lief, until they can be returned to their homes,
and crops produced for their support, it will be all
the relief that is necessary. If any Senator can
frame an amendment which will have this effect
in language moie plain anil pointed than that
which I have offered, I shall be most happy to
have him do so, but 1 do not believe the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine does this. I
think the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kansas reaches a class of poisons not con-
templated by the committee when they authorized
this amendment to be pioposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Iowa
says that the Department proposes to appropriate
$200,000 for tlus purpose, and now, instead of
that, he wishes to let the President apply just the
amount of money that he may think necessary
out of these appropriations for the relief of these
Indians. We have appropriated a good deal more
than $'200,000, I suspect, in the whole, though 1
have not added it up.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. I have looked
over the appropriations hurriedly in connection
with the Senator from Minnesota, and I think
they will not amount to more than one hundred
orone hundred and twenty thousand dollars in all.
Mr. FElSSENDEN. The difficulty is just this:
if we take money that we have appropnated to a
tribe under a treaty, and pay that money wholly
over to a portion of the tribe without any tribal
action, the obligation of the treaty remains upon
us, and we gain nothing by saying that we take
it out of that money. Wc may just as well ap-
propriate it out of the Treasury in the first instance,
and let the provision stand as it does in the bill,
that the President may suspend the whole or a
part of the appropriations at his discretion, and
then, if you please, give him a certain amount of
money to be used for this specific object, for the
benefit of these persons, if that is advisable.
Whether it is advisable or not, I do not pretend
to know. But if these treaty obligations remain
upon us, nothing is gained by authorizing the
President to spend all the money appropriated
under the treaty for the benefit of particular indi-
viduals. "We shall have to pay it over again to
the tribe.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Permit me to state to
the Senator from Maine that those of the tribes
that have lemained at home, I think, have received
from the confederate government what was due
from us, and it seems to me altogether just that
the Indians who came away should be paid by us
the amounts that would otherwise be due to the
tribes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator can-
not be certain of that fact. I think he cannot
know it to be a fact.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have it from the In-
dians and from our agent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In what did they pay
them ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They paid the Cher-
okees $60,000 in gold and the balance in confed-
erate notes. They paid each tribe a portion of
gold and a portion of confederate notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. And yet the tribal organi-
zation is not at war with us!
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I say still the tribal
organization is not arrayed against the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs told me that he had satisfactory evi-
dence that the confederate government had paid
theselndianssomcthing between one hundred and
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. The
money, however, has been appropriated by the
Indians who aided the confederate government,
and the Commissionerintended in the end to have
it applied as a payment from us.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Howcanhedo it? That
is the question. Suppose they have taken the
confederate money in that way and have gone to
war with us, the question still remains, has their
action abrogated the treaties. If it has, that will
answer. If it has not, the fact that they have re-
ceived money from the confederate government,
the fact that other people have chosen to give
them money to engage m war against us, does
not relieve us fiom our treaty obligations. We
cannot avail out selves m any possible way that I
know ot, of money thus paid. Therefore I say
if the object is what it is said to be by my friend
from Iowa, we gain nothing by authorizing the
payment of this particular money. The money
goes out of the Treasury, and it makes no differ-
ence whether it goes out under a treaty stipula-
tion or whether it goes out by way of appropri-
ation, so that it goes out but once. If it is abso-
lutely necessary—and of that I cannot judge—to
make an appropriation for the support of these
Indians, I really prefer that we should appropriate
a specific sum for their support right off at once.
Then what is the result? If we appropriate and
pay it to them, it may be deducted afterwards
rateably from the amount due to them if thcie is
enough to meet it, and if not, we must lose the
difference, and the money remains in the Treas-
ury under the treaties just as it did before. That
is an obligation entirely distinct.
I agree with my friend from Ohio that we are
under no more obligation to appropriate money
to relieve these Indians than to relieve white peo-
ple unless that obligation comes upon us by vntue
of having money of theirs in our hands which we
aic bound to pay. I see no reason in the woild,
merely because they are Indians, why we should
take money out of the Treasury to pay them, and
not do the same by white people, who are suffer-
ing just as much a? they are, unless, as I said
before, we have money of tJvirs which may be
appropriated for thur benefit. Now, my fuend
from Iowa will consider that there are two years
in arrears here for these Indians—the appropria-
tions made last year and the appropriations which
