SllO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
; ' IN SENATE.
Friday, July 4, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Stockton, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
■ Mr. SUMNER. I offer the memorial of Sim-
con Palmer, of Milton, Massachusetts, in which
he asks Congress to consider whether it is not the
duty of the President of the United States to com-
mand the immediate return of all persons to their
allegiance, whether slaves or others, by abstain-
ing from whatever acts may give aid and comfort
to the rebellion, and by reporting themselves,
whenever practicable, within the lines of the Uni-
ted States troops for the performance of any ser-
vice which the Government may require. I ask
that the memorial lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition of
Washington Crosland, of Missouri, praying that
he be paid for damages arising from the destruc-
tion of his buildings and the occupation of his
lands in the city of St. Louis by the military au-
thorities in the construction of laiiroads in that
city; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORTS ji'KOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of J. B.
Chapman,praying remuneration for expenditures
and services rendeii'd the Osage nation of Indiana
in organizing a civil government, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. STARK, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
516) to provide for the appointment of Indian
agents in the Territory of New Mexico, reported
it"back with the recommendation that its consid-
eration be postponed until the first Monday of De-
cember next; which was asieed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution to print two thousand copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Navy m relation to the
rescue of the steamer Governor and the discovery
of the ship Vermont by the United States ship
Sabine, to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage. I ask its present con-
sideration.
Mr. RICE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over.
CAMI'AKIN IN NJi\V MEXICO.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for ils present consideration:
Rewired, 'i'lint the- Hecrntsnyol VVnr be directed to coni-
imnUcfite to [Ih1 Senate, II net deemed incompatible with
the public Interest, lite report of General Ctuiliy of the mil-
itary operation!* i  NewMesleo, and particularly Ms report
of tile 1st of March last, of the battle of Valvcrde.
Mr. RICE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. The unfinished
business of yesterday ia the bill (S. No. 113) re-
lating to the judiciary.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders Cor the purpose of taking up tne House bill
abolishing the flunking privilege.
Mr. COLLAMER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 14, nays 15; as follows:
YE Messrs. Anthony, Carlilr, Davis, Dixon, Foot,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Rico, Sherman,
Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
NAYfi— Moksj.*-. Browning, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
DoolfUle, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Morrill, NesmUIi, Simmons, and Stark—15.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote is
short of a quorum.
Mr. SUM N Bit. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of tvansas. My colleague [Mr.
Pomerot] desires me to say to the Senate that he
"Witt"he necessarily absen-t on public business to-
day and ttr-morrow..
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssjs. Anthony, Browning, Cowan, DooUttlc,
Grimes, Harris, Km<r, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Rice, Sum-
ner, TiumbuH,and Wade—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Cariilo, Clark, Collamer, Davis, Dixon,
Fessenden, Font, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Henderson, Howe,
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Sherman, Simmons, and
Stark—18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, but the division still shows the
want of a quorum in the body.
Mr. CLARK. I make the usual motion that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to notify the ab-
sent members that their attendance is wanted in
the Senate for the transaction of the public busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] has
been called home; and the Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] 1 believe, lias gone to New York.
That accounts for the absence of two of the Sena-
tors who were lieie yesterday.
Mr. KING. I think it very evident that we
shall not have a quorum here, and that it is better
for us to adjourn on this day than to occupy our
time with useless efforts to bring in absent mem-
bers. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWNING. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion. ["Oh,no."] I will vote for it,
but I mean to ask for the yeas and nays on every
motion to-day.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesulled—yeas 23, nays 7; as follows:
YEAH—lUosr*. Anthony, Browning, Oarhk', Olaik,
Cumin, Davis, Doolmli', Foot, Fostet, Grimes, lianis Hen-
deison, Howe, Kinij, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Powell, Rice, Sherman, Simmons, rniijiiici, Timiiljuil, ami
Wad<—aa.
NAYrt—Messrs. Collamer, Dixon, Ilalc, Harlan,Morrill,
Nesmith, and Stark—7.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 5, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas H. Stockton, Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved
CAMPAIGN IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the resolu-
tion that 1 offered yesterday, calling for the official
report of General Canby. 1 suppose there is no
objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was taken up nnd adopted, as follows:
ltcsoh'ed, Thatthe Secretary of War he dhected to com-
municate lo (lie Senate, If not deemed incompatible with
the public interest, the rcpoit ofGeneral Canby of the mili-
tary operations in New Mexico, and particularly ins report
of the 1st of March last of the battle of Valverde.
RESCUE OF TII15 TRANSPORT GOVERNOR.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was an
other resolution laid over under objection yester-
day from the Committee on Printing, and it will
now be considered.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate;
two thousand copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy In relation to the rescue of tile steamer Governor,
and the discovery and relief of the ship Vermont by the
United States ship Sabine.
The resolution was agreed to.
TILTON, WHEELRIGHT AND CO.
Mr. HALE. The Committee oil Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 378)
for the relief of Tilton, Wheelright & Co., have
had the same under consideiation, and report it
buck with several amendments. As the amend-
ments are merely verbal, I wish thatthe bill may
be considered so far as to adopt the amendments,
and then let it be printed, and I will call it up in
the early part of the week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objection
be made the amendments will be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the Secre-
tary of the Navy be directed to audit and settle
the reservation accounts ofTilton, Wheelright &
Co., of Boston, if in his judgment their failure to
furnish certain classes of their contract, to wit:
naval stores, paints, oils, &c., arose from the de-
lay of the United States Government in settling
for what had been delivered; and that he pay them
the same out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Tlieamendments reported by the committee are
to strike out in line four the word " reservation;"
in line six add the word " and" at the beginning
of the line; and after the word " furnish," strike
out " certain classes of their contract," and insert
" any portion of what they had contracted to de-
liver," and strike out the words " to wit: naval
stores, paints, oils,&c.;"in line eight, after" Gov-
ernment," strike out" in settling," and insert" to
pay;" and after " delivered," strike out " and;"
in line nine, after the word " them," strike out
" the same," and add at the end of the bill:
The amount reserved from the several payments liere-
tofoic made to them, agreeably to said contract, or so much
thereof as in his judgment may be justly and equitably due
tliem.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I suppose the bill will be printed
without any vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over
and will be printed under the general i ulc, without
a special motion, being reported front a committee.
BONDS 01? PAYMASTERS IN NAVY.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill of which no previous notice has been
given.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 380) repealing the law
requiring bonds of paymasters and assistant pay-
masters to be approved by the judge or attorney
of the district in which such paymaster or assist-
ant paymaster shall reside; and it was read the first
time by its title.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate will indulge me, I
will say that this is necessary to be passed for the
public service. I can explain in two minutes the
nature of it, and I ask the consent of the Senate to
pass itat once. When the Secretary of the Navy
appoints a paymaster, no matter what amount of
bonds he may give, the Secretary is debarred from
accepting them unless they are approved by the
judge or district attorney of the district in which
he resides. It is frequently found embarrassing.
Sometimes he may appoint a paymaster herefrom
California, and he has to wait to send his bonds
to be approved by the judge ofthe district in which
he lives. This bill simply repeals that provision,
and authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to ac-
cept the bonds upon such evidence as to his judg-
ment is satisfactory. That is the whole of it, and
I hope the Senate will put it upon its passage.
The bill was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to repeal the law requiring the official bond ot
a paymaster or assistant paymaster in the Navy
to be approved by the judge or attorney of the
United States for the district in which such pay-
master or assistant paymaster shall reside, and to
provide that such bonds shall be deemed and taken
to be satisfactory and sufficient whenever the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall be satisfied on such evi-
dence as he shall consider proper that such bond
ought to be approved and accepted.
The bill was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time, and passed.
DEPUTY COLLECTOR AT CIIINCOTEAGUE.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
545) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to appoint a deputy collector of the customs at
Chmcoteague island, in the State of Virginia, have
directed me to report it back with the recommend-
ation that it pass, and I ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the bill was consid
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury may appoint,
according to law, a deputy collector of customs to
reside on Chincoteague island,'*in the State of Vir-
ginia, and to exercise such powers, under the reve-
nue laws, as the Secretary may prescribe; the
compensation of the deputy collector to be the
legal fees on the business he may transact, and no
more.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ABOLITION OF PORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee have
directed me to report back House bill No. 549, to
