1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II93T
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint res-
olutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 150) for a joint commission for the
preservation of the Atlantic fisheries.
A joint resolution (No. 54) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to cairy into effect conventions
between the United States and the republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica."
A joint resolution (No. 57) providing for the
custody of the letter and gifts of the King of Siarn.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (No. 51) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to inquire into thecauses
of the failure of certain contracts for steam ma-
chinery, and to remit penalties connected there-
with; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 51) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to inquire into the causes
of the failure of certain contracts for steam ma-
chinery, and to remit penalties connected there-
with, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up for con-
sideration the bill (S. No. 108) for the lelease of
certain persons held to service or labor in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I desire to have the amend-
ments acted upon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the hill.
The first amendment of the Committee on the
District of Columbia was in the first section to
strike out the words, " and subjection to service
or labor proceeding from such cause shall not
hereafter exist in said District," and in lieu of
them to insert, "and fioni and after the passage
of this act neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except for crime, whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall hereafter exist in
said Distnct;''so as to make the first scction read:
Hp it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State? oj America in Con°iena$semblcdtThat
all petsons liuld to &<;rvice or labor within the Di-tnct ol
Columbia, by reason of' Af'ncan descfiit, au1 hereby (In-
dulged and'treed of and from all claim to Mich service or
labor; and ftom and after the pas*age of this act neither
slavery noi uivuluntaiy ^eivitnde, except for crime, whriool
the paifv «dioM he duly comictcd, shall herealtei exist in
said District.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment way in the first line of the
second section,afrcrthe word " persons," toinseit
" loyal to the United States;" and at the end of the
section to insert the words," and declaring his alle-
giance to the Government of the Untied folates;
so as to make it read:
Sec. 2. *1nd be it further enactcd, That all person5* loyal to
the United States holding claim-; to service or labor against
persons discharged thetetiom b> tin* act may, witlnn ninety
davs from the pa->ase thereof, hut not therealtei, proent
to the commissjont'i-- heremaftei mentioned^their le^peet-
ive statements oi petitions m wilting, venfied by oath oi
aflirmatioii, setting forth the names, ages, and personal de-
scuption of such pet^ons, the mamiei in winch said peti
tioner-3 acquitcd such elann, and any facts touching the
value thereof, and declaring ins allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the third section,
to strike out of tho fifth and sixth lines the words
" and who shall;" to strike out of the sixth line
the word "legal" befoie "validity," and after
the word " validity" to insert "and value;" in the
seventh line,after the word "presented," to insert
" as aforesaid;" and after the word " and, ill the
seventh line, to strike out " who shall;" so as to
make the section read:
Sfp. H. And be it farther enacted, That the Picfeident of ,
the United tftdtei, with the advice and cons-cnt nf the .?en- i
ate, shall appoint tlnee comuiis'-ioneip, 1 cedents ot the i
Distiict of Columbia, any two of whom -hall have power
to act, who shall leceive the petition.-* above mentioned, in-
vestigate and detcmnne the validity and value of ihe ciMma ,
therein presented, as aforesaid, and appraise and apportion, ;
under the pro\ iso hereto annexed, the value in money ol
the t-eveial claims by them found to bit valid: Provided. \
however, Thai the entire sum so appiai-.ed and apportioned
dniil noteveeed m the asgiojj.ite an amount equitl to $300 j
lor each person Miowii to have been >o hold b} law Jul chum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the tenth line of (
the fourth section, to strike out " the lawful hold- i
ers thereof," and insert, "entitled thereto as
aforesaid;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said commission-
ers shall, within nine months l'rom the passage of tins act,
make a full and final report of then pioceudings, findings,
and appraisement, and shall deliver the same to the Sec-
retary oi the TreaMirv, which repoit shall be deemed and
taken to be conclusive in all respects, except as hereinafter
provided; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall, with like
exception, cause the amounts &o apportioned to said claims
to be paid from the Tieasury of the United States to the
parties tound by said report to be entitled theieto as afore-
said, and the same shall be received in full and complete
compensation: Provided, That in cases where petitions
may be filed pic*enUns? conflicting claims or setting upliens:
haid commiSf ioners> shall so specify in said report, and pay-
ment shall not be made according to the award of said com-
missioners, until a period of sixty days shall have elapsed,
duung which tune any petitionei claiming an interest in
the particular amount may file a bill in equity in the cir-
cuit court of the Jhstiict of Columbia, making all other
claimants defendants theieto, setting forth the proceedings
in such case before s>aid commissioners and their action
therein, and piaying that the paitv to whom payment lias
been awarded may be enjoined from receiving the same;
and it said couit shall giant such piovision.il order,a copy
theieof mav, on motion of said complainant, be served
upon the Secietai\ of the Treasury, who shall thereupon
causae the said amount of money to be paid into said court,
subject to its oideis and final dcciee, which payment shall
be in full and complete compensation, as in other cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendments reported
with the bill having been disposed of, 1 move fur-
ther to amend the bill by adding at the end of the
third section the following words:
Jlnd provided further, That no claim shall be allowed for
any slave or slaves brought into said District after the pas-
sage oftlii* act; or winch originate* m or by viitue of any
transfer heretofore made or which shall herealtei be made,
by any person who has in any manner aided or sustained
the rebellion against the Government of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move still further to amend
the bill by adding as a new section:
Sue. 8. Andbe it further enacted, Thatanypersonorper-
son> who shall kidnap or in any m.innci tian-poit or pro-
cure to be taken out of said l")i«tiict any per-on or peisons
dischaiged or iieed bytlieproviMons ol this, act,orany tree
pet son or persons, with intent to recnsluve or sell Mich per-
son or perr-on*, into vlaveiv, or <ha!l reenslave any ot said
pet.-ons, the prison orpei-otisso offending shall be deemed
"uilty ol a misdemeanoi, and on conviction thereof in any
court of competent jmi.-dietion in said Di^tuet shall be im-
prisoned in the penitential y not less than five nor more than
twentv veats.
Mr, HOWARD. I move to amend the amend-
mentby striking out "misdemeanor," andinscrt-
ms: " felony." ,
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified, the Senator from Maine ac-
cepting it.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I have one other amendment
to offer, as an additional section:
Sec 0 .find ho it further enacted, That all acts of Con-
<rrc<s and all laws ot the State ot Maryland m toiceinsaid
iWict. and all oidmances of the cities of Wa-hmgton or
Geoigetmvn, incontinent with the provisions of tins act,
aie hereby lepealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not disposed to move an
amendment to the bill; but I wish to suggest to
the Senator from Maine a criticism on an amend-
ment which has been made to the first section ot
the bill. It piovidcs that "from and after the
passage of this act neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude" shall exist here, as though they
were two distinct things. I suppose, bat I am not
sure about it, that up to this time the term " sla-
very" has not been introduced into the legislation
of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. This is the exact language
of the oidmanee of 1787.
Mr. HARRIS. I have a further suggestion to
make, and that is that the term " involuntary
servitude " will embrace the condition of appren-
tices, unless the phrase "by reason of African
descent1' in the beginning of the section shall con-
trol, os perhaps it will.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tho phrase "slavery or
involuntary servitude" lias received a construc-
tion under the. ordinance of 1787.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer by way of amendment to
this bill, as an additional section, this clause:
And be it further enacted, That all persons; I
this act <lrall bo colonized out ol the limits of tlie I it
Lto; an,! tho M.m of $100,000, out of a.iy  
Tkm-uij not Otherwise appioprmtecI, <PSt,
■ lei tlii- dueclion of the l'jcsidcnt of Hie United
undo
tot tlml purpose.
iml purpose. , , .
ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the effect of
this amendment to be to colonize them whether
they are willing to be colonized or not. If the
amendment of the Senator was to offer to appro-
priate the sum of $100,000 to be used for.trans-
porting and colonizing such of the free colored
persons of this District as might desire to be col-
onized, I should vote for the amendment; but as
it is I cannot vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I am better acquainted
with negro nature than the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin. He will never find one slave 1
in a hundred that will consent to be colonized, 1
when liberated. The liberation of the slaves in
this District, and in any State of the Union, will
be just equivalent to settling them in the country
where they live; and whenever that policy is in-
augurated,especially in the States whore there are
many slaves, it will inevitably and immediately
introduce a war of extermination between the two
races. In relation to this particular proposition,
here are a great many vagabond negroes m a state
of slavery in this city; for the number of negro
slaves that reside here, a great many. They are
now idle and comparatively worthless; and when-
ever they are liberated they become greatly more
so. A negro's idea of freedom is freedom from
work, as a general rule. I have known cf hun-
dreds of slaves in my experience that have been
liberated, which slaves previous to their liberation
were industrious, were orderly, were well-be-
haved; and in, I may say, ninety-nine cases out !
of ono hundred, after they were liberated and ac-
quired their freedom, they became lazy, indolent,
thievish vagabonds. Men may hug their delu-
sions, but these are facts heretofore, and they will
remain facts in tho future. Where you have a few
free negroes in a white community, and the ne-
groes have but a small association, and the exam-
ples all around them are the examples of diligence,
industry, and thrift, this outward influence will
force them to a modicum of labor and of thrift,
too. But whenever you settle negroes in large
numbers, or liberate them m large numbers, and
they become a society to themselves, you will
have a thriftless, worthless, indolent, inefficient
population. I know that just as well as I know
that these gentlemen around me belong to the
Caucasian race.
Tho negroes that are now liberated, and that
remain in this city, will become a sore and a bux'-
den and a charge upon the white population.
They will be criminals; they will become paupers.
They will be engaged in crimes and in petty mis-
demeanors. They will become a charge and a pest
upon this society, and tho power which undertakes
to liberate them ought to relievo the white commu-
nity in which they reside, and in which they will
bccome a pest, from their presence. This is a poor
city at any rate. The total amount of wealth here
is very inconsiderable for the number of the white
population. Theburdensand charges upon them
are heavy, onerous, oppressive, and this measure
will make those burdens greatly more so.
Gentlemen who have lived in the slave States,
and who know what the free negroes are in the
slave States, who know what the free negroes are
in communities of considerable numbers of them,
know that they are the most worthless and vicious
and expensive of our population to the society m
which they live. It is so.
Mr. President, whenever any power, constitu-
tional or unconstitutional, assumes the responsi-
bility of liberating slaves where slaves are nu-
merous, they establish as inexorably as fate a
conflict between the races that will result m the
exile or the extermination of .the one race or the
other. I know it. We have now about two hun-
dred and twenty-fivethousandslavesin Kentucky.
Think you, sir, that we should ever submit to
have those slaves manumitted and left among us?
No sir- no, never; nor will any white people m
the United States of America where the slaves are
numerous. If by unconstitutional legislation you
should bylaws which you shrink from submitting
to tho test of constitutionality in your courts of
justice, liberate them, without the intervention of
the courts, the moment you reorganize the white
inhabitants of those States as States oi the Union,
they would reduce those slaves again to a state
of slavery, or they would expel them and drive
them upon you, or south of you, or they would
hunt them like beasts and exterminate them. Ihey
