1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mi*. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION OF NARRAGANSETT BAY.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Reiolred, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity and expediency of
fortiiving what aie known as cast and west entrances into
Narrasansctt Bay, Rhode Island, and to report by bill or
othervvise.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. LOOMIS offered the following resolution;
and on its passage demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be, and are
hereby, instructed to ascertain the distance, by the usual
mail loute, fiom the post office of each Representative in
Congress to the city of Washington, and to report the same
to the Sergeant-at-Arms as the distance for which each
member shall receive pay as mileage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That subject has
already been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Mileage i
The SPEAKER. Not during the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—ayes fifty, noes not counted.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill granting public
lands, and loaning the credit of the Government
to the People's Pacific Railroad Company to aid
in its construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to San Francisco on the Pacific coast; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the select committee on the subject of
a Pacific railroad.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. VAN HORN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be nisti uctod to inquire into the propuety of making
by law a public post load of tin; route beginning at Mid-
dlepoit, Now Yoilc. and running north to'a line between
the counties ot Nia'gaia and Orleans in that State.
ENLISTMENT OF INCOMPETENT MEN.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, submitted the
following resolution; which was read,considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Military Committee of this House is
respectfully lequer-ted to inquire what measures can be
adopted, if any, to pievcnt tho enlistment of men for vol-
unteer service in otn Aimy physically incompetent to bear
arms, and icport, with all convenient speed, by bill 01 other-
wise.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. DUELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be m-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of repouing a bill
to tins House providing for placing on the pension roil in-
digent bohliers of the late war, (the war of 1812,) who
seived for a term ot six months in the regular militia or
volunteer acrvicc.
FORTIFICATIONS AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. DtVEN. I offer the following resolution,
and 1 should like to haveitlieoveruntil to-morrow:
Resolved, That the Attorney Geneial be requested to take
proceedings to reeovei from John C. Fianont and E. L.
Jieaid tlio ^um of money obtained ft oin the Treasury on the
ordei of said Fremont, payable to said Beaid,asset forth m
the rcpoit ot the select committee to inquire into contracts
of the Government.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. 1 object to that res-
olution, until wc have seen the report of the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution giving rise to
debate goes over.
DUTIES ON TEA, COFFEE, AND SUGAR.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The morning
hour having expired, I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill to in-
crease the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to enable me to report the bill for
consideration at this time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The House divided, and there were for the yeas
and nays 12, against 52—not a sufficient number.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is not a
quorum.
The SPEAKER. A quorum is not necessary.
One fifth of those present can order the yeas and
nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, I have done
my duty; others can take the responsibility.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended—two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The bill was then read a first and second time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
this bill is framed simply in accordance with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to increase the duties on sugar half a cent a pound,
on tea five cents a pound, on coffee one cent a
pound, and on molasses one cent a gallon. It is
supposed that it will increase the revenue some-
thing like seven million dollars, or a little more
than that—between seven and eight million dol-
lars—provided the same quantity shall be im-
ported that was imported in 1860. That is to say—
On 30,000,000 pounds of tea, at 5 eenty .$1,500 000
On 900.000,000 pound? of coffee, at t cent  2,000,000
On 700,000,000 pounds of t,ugar, at } cent  3,500,000
$7,000,000
and, in addition, what maybe got from molasses.
I am somewhat of the same opinion that I was at
the last session of Congress, that we shall not
much increase the revenue by increasing the duties
upon these articles, yet I am still convinced that
it will have quite as beneficial an effect if it pro-
duces an economy that shall diminish the con-
sumption and prevent money from going out of
the country, it is apparent that we need to hus-
band all our resources. It is absolutely neces-
sary, if we would make this bill effective, that it
should be passed at once, in order to securethe
crop of sugar which will be very soon coming into
the country, and also the importation ot teas
which may soon be expected to arrive. The prices
of these articles have already been advanced in
anticipation of the passage of this act, so that the
consumer is now paying just as much as he will
pay if this bill is made the law of the land. It is
necessary, if we wish the law to go into operation
at once, that we pass it in season to be sent to the
Senate to-day, that it may be acted on there. I will
add that it lias received the unanimous approval
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and per-
haps I may also say of the Finance Committee of
the Senate.
I will say further to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vallandigiiam,] and others who may desire
discussion upon this subject, that it is expected
that the Committee of Ways and Means will bring
in a supplemental bill on the subject of the tarifl
embracing several articles, from which it is deemed
a further increase of the revenues may be obtanied,
and then the general subject of the tariff will be
up for discussion. I move the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman propose to move the previous question
then, so that it shall not be discussed?
Mr. MOllRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I appiove in the mam of
the bill reported by the committee, but desire to
suggest to the gentleman from Vermont whether
lie would not accomplish all he desires by making
a difference in the duties upon green and black
teas, leaving, for instance, the duty on black tea
as it now stands at fifteen cents a pound, and put-
ting the duty on green tea at twenty-five cents.
The gentleman may, pel haps, remember that at
the special session I called the attention of the
Committee of Ways and Means to this point. I
have had conversations with persons experienced
m this business, one of whom has been in office
under a former Secretary of the Treasury, and
seems to be entirely posted up on this question:
and I think that the high-priced green teas ought
to pay a higher rate of duty than the low-priced
black teas, which are generally consumed by the
poorer classes of the population. The green teas
are more generally consumed by the wealthy3 and
are much higher in cost, and ought to be taxed
more heavily. I believe that the revenue accru-
ing to the Treasury thereby would be much more
enhanced than under the present bill. . •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have been
heretofore of the same opinion as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania; but at the last session I
yielded my own opinion to the arguments of other
gentlemen who were, perhaps, more conversant
with the subject. In relation to this point, I will
say to the gentleman and to the House, that a
large share of the black teas consumed in the
country are far more valuable than a great pro-
portion of the green teas consumed, and that the
shades of difference between the black teas and
the green run along so gradually that it is almost
impossible to make a point which shall be defi-
nite, and distinguish between green teas and black
teas. There would be a constant dispute in re-
lation to that subject if the matter was left open.
The black teas which come from Japan are almost
as green as those we commonly call green teas.
I renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment or two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will do so;
but not for general discussion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No, not for gen-
eral discussion. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that,
at the last session, I opposed, in common with all
the gentlemen upon this side of the House, the
tariff and tax bill; and in some brief remarks then
submitted, I predicted that the result of increasing
the duties would be a great and disastrous dimi-
nution of the importations, and by consequence
of the revenue from customs.
We have before us now the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, four months later, ad-
mitting that his estimate of receipts from duties
on articles imported, or to be imported, during the
current fiscal year, must already be reduced by
$25,000,000. Such has been the effect of the
" Morrill tariff" of 1861, and the act of August
amending it. Yet, instead of pursuing a course
of policy which every principle of political econ-
omy demands, and promoting an increase of the
revenue by reducing duties and encouraging im-
portations, we are about still further to diminish
the revenues by increasing the duty to such an
extent as will, in a little while, amount to prohi-
bition. Why, sir, in portions of the North\vest
it already requires four bushels of corn to buy one
pound of coffee. Corn, in Illinois, is selling at
seven cents a bushel, and in some places has been
used as fuel, instead of wood, because it is now
cheaper. Yet gentlemen of the eastern States are
continually applying the same Sangradian pan-
acea, holding fast to the absurd notion that an
increase of duty will always and inevitably be
followed by a corresponding increase of revenue.
They still insist, whenever the receipts run low,
on adding to the tariff of duties, without remem-
bering that the natural effectof the increase,even
in ordinary times, is to diminish importations,
and that now, especially, the loss of the cotton
export, amounting last year to §191,000,000, or,
deducting the precious metals, to nearly two thirds
of our entire exportation, and the depressing in-
fluence every way of the present crisis, have al-
ready cut down the importations to nearly one
half, as compared with the last five or six years.
In the port of New York alone the falling off
amounts to about one hundred millions of dollars.
How, I beg to know, are you to have revenue
from imports when nothing is imported? Ex ni-
hilo nihil fit.
But not so think the wise men of the East. The
more you fetter commerce the more they believe
it will flourish. The higher you make the duties
the more will revenue flow into your Treasury.
Do gentlemen forget that customs duty is a vol-
untary tax, and that beyond a certain point no one
will tax himself of his own free will? When times
are prosperous and money plenty, and trade and
commerce arc brisk, men will buy much, though
the price be raised. But in times of depression,
: when wages are low, money scarce, and employ-
