1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
we now make in this bill. I think the provision
I have suggested, Ljiat tjic amount shall not ex-
ceed their taieable proportion, would probably, if
thi-y got all that, make sufficient piovisiou for
them. I am certainly unwilling to tamper with
th■' matter in that way. You must either do one
thing or the other, or else take the money out of
the Treasury.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not insist upon a vote
upon my amendment if the Senator from Iowa will
satisfy me or the Senate that the Commissioner of
lnjlian Affairs, or whoever pays the money, can
pay the proportion that is proposed to be paid to
the loyal Indians, whether they have been driven
out or not.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is no shadow
of doubt about that. The appropriations are made
in the body of the bill in the usual form, and then
the proviso authorizes the President to suspend
these payments in whole or in part. That, doubt-
less, would leave him with full power to exercise
a discretion to pay the loyal Indians who are still
residing on their own reservations, as it seems to
me.
Mr. POMEROY. I noticed that the language
of the Senator's amendment was to pay to such
as hnd been driven out.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; to relieve those
who have been driven away from their homes and
farms.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it confined to those?
Mr. HARLAN. It is confined to those, I
think.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose that in six weeks
from now they should ail be back home again,
could payment be made to any who had not been
away ?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose that when they
shall have been returned to their homes the pay-
ments will all cease. Whenever the necessity for
this increased bounty shall have terminated I sup-
pose the President will suspend the payment.
Mr. POMEROY. But the necessity does not
terminate by getting them back. When they ar-
rive at home they will be as poor as now, and if
they need to be paid to-day they will need it when
they get back ; and not oniy those who have been
away will need it, but those who have remained
and have been loyal will need it, and they should
have it. I did not propose to confine this payment
simply to those who have left. I do not know
precisely what the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa is, but if it will reach the case provided for
by the amendment which I propose, [ will with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. It was not my intention to
authorize the President to pay any additional
sums of money to Indians who have remained at
their homesjn quiet possession of their own prop-
el ty. They had the opportunity to plant and
cultivate their crops as usual, and in regard to
them no new necessity has arisen to augment the
bounty from tins Government for their benefit.
It was the purpose of the committee, I think, only
to afford relief to those who had been driven out,
whose condition had been changed, who in con-
sequence of events entirely beyond their control
were unable to pursue their usual avocations, un-
able to occupy their original hunting grounds, if
they had any, or to plant or cultivate their land,
which they would have cultivated if they had been
at their homes. If the President shall succeed in
the purposes of thedepartment, in returning these
Indians to their lands in a very short time—in
time to plant their crops—the necessity for using
this money will have terminated as soon as the
crops shall have been matured.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Iowa whether the loyal Indians remaining
at home get any money under this provision?
Mr. HARLAN. Not under this provision;
but they will under the appropriation bill as it
stands.
Mr. POMEROY. How are they going to get
it? Who is to pay it to them?
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it will he disbursed
by the usual agents of the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. We have none there.
Mr. HARLAN. But when they shall have
been returned there by the use of the necessary
force to restore those who arc away, the agents
will be there and will be able to pay them. In
relation to the suggestion made by the Senator
from Maine, as I am up, I will say that there is
no difference, so far as the amount of money to
be used is concerned, whether we take it out of
the appropuation aheady made or out of new ap-
propriations, provided the Piesident should not
abrogate the treaties; but if he were to abrogate
the treaties, and thus withhold the money per-
manently, it would be a saving to that extent.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no motion to make on
this subject, but it seems to me the wise way
would be to let this appropriation go, and let the
Committee on Indian Affairs report to us a bill
with proper checks and guards to cover the case
that is sought to be covered by th is amendment.
Nobody knows anything about the condition of
these Indians; nobody knows how they are to be
supplied, or at what rates; how many there are
of them, or anything about them. It seems to
me the object ought to be reached by a separate
and distinct bill on the subject, and then we can
thoroughly understand it. The committee do not
seem fully agreed upon the subject, and there is
a diversity of opinion among the gentlemen who
represent the section of the country where the In-
dians now are. I really do not know how to vote
myself. I do not want to kill the Indian appro-
priation bill by my vote, and yet I am unwilling
to vote for some of the propositions that I have
heard suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the course sug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
will be followed. I am satisfied that we do not
understand this matter, and cannot tell what its
operation on the Tieasury will be. We may be
authorizing the expenditure of a good deal of
money in a very loose way. If the Committee on
Indian Affairs will bring in a bill saying that it is
necessaiy, that they have looked into the matter,
and have seen how it can be arranged with safety
to the public Treasury as well as to accomplish
their purpose, I shall vote for it with pleasure, be-
cause I think myself, that having this money in
the Treasury, we ought to apply so much of it as
may be necessary, if it can be done, for the sup-
port of those Indians who have suffered. I think
that is right; but here the proposition is imma-
ture, and no two opinionsagree as to the manner
in which it shall be done. I hope these amend-
ments will be withdrawn,and that then the Sena-
tor from Ohio will allow his to be withdrawn, and
let the bill stand as it is in this respect.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no disagreement be-
tween the members of the Committee on Indian
Affairs upon this subject. It is merely a disa-
greement of other Senator* from the committee,
and if o! v i Senators do not understand this sub-
jectitcannot be mentioned, I suppose, as the fault
of the Committee on Indian Affairs. We have
attempted to investigate it and understand it, and
to some extent, I suppose commensurate with our
capacity to comprehend, do understand it, and
acting on our own understanding, with the light
that has come to us, we think that some such ap-
propriation as this ought to be made. It is for
the Senate to say whether they will follow the
advice of the committee, who are not divided in
opinion on this subject, or whether they will fol-
low the advice of those who say they know noth-
ing on the subject. If the Senatoi from Maine
knows nothing on this subject, I suppose it is
because his time has been absorbed with other
subjects, in the investigation of other matters of
importance. Now, will the Senate follow his ad-
vice, because he says he does not, for some reason
satisfactory to himself, know anything on this
subject; or will the Senate follow the advice oftheir
standing committee? I have wished, since this
question has been debated lure, that somebody
else had been on the committee, with greater capa-
city than I confess I possess to compiehend these
intricate subjects. I have, however, attempted to
bring to bear honestly the limited ability I pos-
sess, and so far as I am able to comprehend it I
believe I do. I do not think that additional time
will be of any advantage to me in coming to a
correct conclusion. I do not know how it may
be with other members of the committee. I
believe, however, they have applied themselves
honestly and have attempted to understand this
subject, and to some extent doubtless do; and if
they were asked to take up the same subject in the
investigation of a new bill, I do not believe they
would be enabled to enlighten the Senator from
Maine or other Senators beyond what they can
do now when the question is pending and legiti-
mately pending as it seems to me. . , . \
The Senator asks why not investigate this sub-
ject and present it in a separate bill. Why not
have a separate bill for every item of appropria-
tion embraced in this bill, not only for those In-
dian tribes but for other Indian tribes that are
under the control and supervision of the- national
Government? 1 see no reason for -postponing: ia
decision on this subject. If the Senatedo not want
to make the appropriation, let them . say.s©; and
vote down the amendment; or if they-think some
other proposition will reach the object contempla-
ted by this, let the substitute be presented. There
is no necessity for postponing it. It will not di-
minish the amount of dollars that may be needed;
the same amount will be needed to-morrow that
is needed to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The facts that can be known
are all within a pretty nas row,compass, and I be-
lieve they are before the Senate or within the reach
of the Senate at the present time. There are con-
tained within this bill appropriations for the ben-
efit of those tribes of Indians some portions of
whom are disloyal and some portions of whom
have been driven out, amounting to $119,860, as
t figured it up yesterday. That is the whole
amount of appropriations in this bill to which this
amendment would apply.
Mr. SHERMAN. I included in my statement
back interest on the abstracted bonds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senate declined to
insert that in this bill. If that had been included
in the bill, the necessity for this amendment would
not have existed.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the amendment applies
to all inoncy heretofore or hereafter appropriated.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When thereportwas made
of which I read an extract yesterday, eight thou-
sand five hundred and seventy-two of these In-
dians had arrived in Kansas from the Indian ter-
ritory, and it was estimated that there would be
nearly three thousand more. As a matter of
course, we cannot know, no human being's fore-
sight can know, how long it will take to get these
Indians back again; how long it will take to quell
the rebellion in the Indian territory, and make
peace; nor can we tell how much it is going to cost.
I hope the Senate will act on this subject, and
dispose of it now. If a new hill be introduced,
we shall get no new facts. Here are the plain
facts before the Senate; we discussed it last even-
ing; we have discussed it to-day; we may just as
well act on it now as at any other time. In rela-
tion to the matter of the appropriation, I will say
to my friend from Maine that it seems to me there
is this difference: this bill appropiiates a given
sum of money, and authorizes the President to
suspend the payment of a portion of it to those
Indians who are disloyal; and the proposition ot
the Senator from Iowa is, that we may take that
money which is suspended—levy a contribution,
if you please, upon the money which is sus-
pended from being paid to the disloyal Indians—
and use it, if the President shall so direct, for the
benefit of the loyal Indians, and in making peaco
and taking care of them. It seems to me it is just;
and 1 hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That we may get at
this subject unembarassed, and learn what the
Committee on Indian Affairs desire, after what
has been already snid as to the committee being
united on the subject, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio was adopted. In that way we
can get the question before us, and let the com-
mittee act. The suggestion is made 
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Kansas
will allow me, I will suggest that that motion can
be made after the vote shall have been taken on
this amendment as well as now. If this amend-
ment shall be adopted, then his motion will be
pertinent.
Mr. LANE, of ICapsas. What I want is to get
a vote on thequestionofmeddlmgwith the treaties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My fiiend from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] seems to be somehow or other,
contrary to his usual mood, a little sensitive and
excited about this matter. All I meant to say in
regard to it was that touching the fact of the ob-
ligations which we are under to the Indiansevery-
thmg is left in a state of uncertainty. 1 submit
that the Committee on Indian Affairs, by their
own confession, have not considered that subject.
