1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311-1
abolish certain ports of delivery in the Mississippi
valley. I make the same request as to that. It
will save expense to the Government, and I hope
it will be passed at once.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear it read
first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read for information.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal the
several laws constituting Hannibal, in the State of
Missouri; Hickman and Columbus, in the State of
Kentucky; Chattanooga and Knoxville, in the
State of Tennessee; Tuscumbia, in the State of
Alabama; and Shreveport, in the State of Louis-
iana, ports of delivery.
There being no objection, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REVENUE REGULATIONS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee have
directed me to report back the bill (H. R. No. I
550) to further provide for the collection of the
revenue upon the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontier, and for other purposes,
with an amendment. I make the same requestas
to that bill.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that from and after the 1st day of October next
the master or manager of every vessel which is
enrolled or licensed for carrying on the coasting
trade on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers of the United States, shall, be-
fore the departure of his vessel from any port,
file a manifest of his cargo with the,collector and
obtain a clearance; and if the vessel shall touch
at any of the ports of the United States, and there
receive on board any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, or discharge any portion of her cargo, the
master or manager shall report to the collector
such arrival and produce his manifest, and it shall
be the duty of the collector to indorse thereon,
certified by himself, a description of the goods,
wares, or merchandise so taken on board or un-
laden, and return the same to the master or man-
ager, who shall deliver to the collector of the
port at winch the unlading of the cargo is com-
pleted the manifest to be placed on file in his
office. And the owner or owners of every ves-
sel whose master or manager shall neglect to com-
ply with the provision of this section shall for-
feit and pay to the United States the sum of
twenty dollars for each and every offense, one
half for the use of the informer, and for which
sum the vessel shall be liable, and may be seized
and proceeded against summarily by way of libel
in any district court of the United States having
jurisdiction of the offense.
The second section provides that collectors and
surveyors of the collection districts on these fron-
tiers are to be authorized to keep on sale, at their
several offices, blank manifests and clearances re-
quired for the business of their districts, and to
charge the sum of ten cents and no more for each
blank which shall be prepared and executed by
them.
The third section provides thatgoods imported
under the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain
may be entered at any port on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
United States, upon satisfactory evidence being
given to the collector at the port where such goods
are offered for entry, that they are of the growth
or production of Canada, without the consular
certificate now required.
The fourth section provides that for every en-
try of goods at any custom-house on the north-
ern,northeastern,and northwestern frontierof the
United States, a fee of forty cents shall be charged
by the collector, and accounted for to the Govern-
ment.
And the fifth section provides that so much of
the act entitled "An act t$ exempt canal boats
from the payment of fees and hospital money,"
approved July 20, 1846, as exempts the owner or
owners, master or captain, or other persons em-
ployed in navigating canal boats without masts
or steam power, now by law required to be regis-
tered, licensed, or enrolled and licensed,from the
payment of fees or compensation for such regis-
ter, license, or enrollment and license, shall be re-
pealed.
Theamendmentof the Committee on Commerce
is to strike out the third, fourth, and fifth sections,
and to insert the following as section three;
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury b«, and he is hereby, authorized in all eases where ports
may be opened within the limits of insurrectionary States
during the existing rebellion, to appoint special agents to
perform the functions of the ordinary officeis subordinate to
the Treasury Departmental such ports: Provided, That the
compensation to be allowed such temporary officers shall
not exceed that paid topermanentofficeisol the same posi-
tion during the year 1859, nor execed the compensation or-
dinarily allowed to such official agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The biil'was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was read the third time and
passed.
LAND CLAIM OF FRANCISCO SOBERANES.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, bill S. No. 318,
forreliefin the land claims in California,known as
claims of Francisco Soberanes to a tract of land
known as " Saujon de Santa Rita," and of Joseph
S. Alemany to the mission " San Francisco So-
lano," was taken up and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
. As introd uced by Mr. Latham, the bil 1 provided
that in the cases of the claims of Francisco Sobe-
ranes to a tract of land known as " Saujon de Santa
Rita/5 and of Joseph S. Alemany to the mission
"San Francisco Solano,'' the mere fact of the final
confirmation in the judicial district not having by
law cognizance of the same, should not work a
forfeiture of confn mation f and that m like cases, in
which, in the opinion of the Attorney General, the
error of jurisdiction should not be fatal, it should
be lawful to recognize the judicial act as binding
upon the Government as a confirmation.
The Committee on Public Lands reported an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
Wheieas m the district comt of the United State** Tor the
southern district of California, in the cum: of Francisco So-
beranes us. The United States, for the laueho Imiij? in the
State of California, known by the name of S.uijoiide Santa
llita. a deciee filed on tiie9tli day ol Febuiaiy, lVotf, was en-
teied, confirming to the.said Soheianes the t-aid tiuet of land
known by the name of Saujon do Santa Rita; and wheieas,
on the pioscntatiouof the mandate of the Supieme Comt of
the United States di*>mibt>ing the appeal to tin- .said Supreme
Court of the United States in said cause, the said deciee
was made final by a decree of said district court, rendered on
the 1st day of November, 1*60; and wheieas the land con-
fn mod as aforcbiiid lies in the noithcrn district of California,
a* ascertained by a final suivey ol the same - Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the said decieesof the district couit of the (Tinted States for
the southern distnet of California shall be, and they aie
hereby declared to be, as valid and cflcictual as if the same
had been rendered by the district court of the United States
for the northern distiict of California.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 557) in relation to preemption claims, and
for other purposes; m which it lequested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 471) to confiscate
the property of rebels for the payment of the ex-
penses of the present rebellion, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the resolution of the
Senate (No. 89) m relation to the claim of Car-
mack & Ramsey, with an amendment, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled billsandjomtresolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 173) to reorganize the Navy De-
partment of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 260) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year end
ing June 30, 1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 297) for the relief of J. W.
Nye;
A bill (H. R. No. 450) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862,
and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) relative to a
certain grant of land for railroad purposes made
to the State of Michigan in 1856.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 393.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 392) to establish
certain post roads. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom the bill had been re-
committed, reported it with various amendments.
The first amendment was in line ten of section
one, after the word " hundred" to insert "and
seventy;" so that the clause will read:
Proiided, That when completed, if constructed without
adiaw,it shall leave an unobstructed headway in the chan-
nel of the river of not less than ninety feet above low water
mark, and such channel or water-way shall have an un-
obstiucted width of not less than two hundred and seventy
feet between the piers next to said channel or water-way.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
eleven, to add after the word " water-way" the
words, " and one of the spans next adjoining
thereto shall not be less than two hundred and
twenty feet in length "
Mr. COWAN. I have just got a copy of the
bill this moment. I was desirous of amending
the amendment which has just been agreed to,
and I will therefore move that the vote agreeing
to that amendment may be reconsidered in order
to enable me to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
expressing a wish to amend it, it will be regarded
as still opr-n.
Mr. COWAN. I move, then, in the tenth line,
to strike out " two humlied and seventy,"and to
insert((three hundred" in lieu thereof.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on that amendment to the nrst amendment le-
ported by the committee.
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment to the
amendment will not be adopted, because, if it
should be, I believe it will be fatal to the project
for bridging the Ohio' river. I do not propose to
argue this question over again. I discussed it at
some length on a former occasion. This bill, in
the first place, was founded upon a water-way at
two hundred feet, and that was thought to be suf-
ficient. That, however, was objected to by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. He contended that
it would not be sufficiently wide to pass, espe-
cially rafts and coal boats. It was contended so
stoutly that the persons interested in this road,
and several of those interested in the navigation
of the Ohio, got together, after we had debated it
here, and they came to the conclusion that two
hundred and seventy feet would be satisfactory.
I have their agreement here, and I urged that also
upon the Senate bofoic, and thought it was no
more than reasonable that we should accept it.
However, it was an important subject. The Sen-
ate were cautious about it; and they recommitted
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, with the supposition that we would
go on and inquire as far as we could, and get what
light we could on the subject from those experi-
enced persons who were acquainted with the nav-
igation. Colonel Long was called in. He is an
old gentleman. He thought the water-way, the
span, should be three hundred feet. That was his
opinion; but I will say m regard to him,although
he is a very intelligent man, he has had no expe-
rience whatever about building raihoad bridges.
It seems from his testimony that, some thirty
years ago, he invented a species of biidge for turn-
pikes and other roads, and of course he now
thinks, undoubtedly, that that is the way to build
all bridges. He thought bridges could be built
with as wide a span as that and be safe, and I do
not know but on a turnpike road they might.
Rut then next came before the committee Pro-
fessor Felton, who seems to have had very great
experience in this matter of building bridges and
roads and the like of that. He is a railroad man
and an engineer, having great experience in that
