3112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
business. He informed us that he knew of only
one bridge in the United States that had a draw
of the width of two hundred and seventy feet. He
said there was one bridge over the Connecticut
river, near Northampton, the draw of which was
of that width; but it was the very extreme, and
it was understood so by engineers and by the pro-
fession . They believe that you cannot go further
than that safely, if I understood him aright.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. Pelton said that he
did not know a bridge that had a continuous span
of three hundred feet. He thought there was none
in America; but there was one of two hundred
and fifty feet span across the Connecticut river at
Bellows's Falls. That was the first bridge ever
put up in America with a continuous Bpan of two
hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. WADE. That was his statement. That
bridge has not so wide a span as I stated; it is
only two hundred and fifty feot; and he thought
it would not be safe to build a bridge of wider
span than that, as I understood.
Mr. COLLAMER. He expressed the opinion
that itwould not do to undertake to build a bridge
of three hundred feet span at any rate; but this
was put at two hundred and seventy feet by agree-
ment of tho parties. He said he knew that bridge
of two hundred and fifty feet span, and he thought
it was possible one might be made two hundred
and seventy feet.
Mr. WADE. He knew, then, of no bridge
with a span so wide as we propose. It was the
opinion of the persons most interested in this
river, and in the railroad, who have an interestin
both, and of course want to preserve both, and do
not want to destroy either, that this was as far as
we could or ought to go, and they settled down
upon it. The railroad men reluctantly agreed to
go to this width, and it is wider than the span of
any bridge in America, and yet tho Senator is not
content with that anymore than he was with two
hundred feet. He says it is too narrow; coal boats
will bo obstructed, rafts upon the river will be ob-
structed, and there will be some difficulty in the
navigation.
I have already said nearly all I wish to say; but
I would admonish Senators to look at other inter-
ests along this river, and other people than those
who raft logs and dig coal. Down below this
point on the Ohio river we have the finest beds of
coal that there are in the wholo world, and I have
no doubt that after our railroads shall be built, it
will not be very important that they bring much
more coal down from the Alleghany or Monon-
gahcla,or anywhere in that paitof the country. I
thHilf the completion of these roads may have the
effect to do away in a great measure with the coal
trade from Pittsburg; butwe do not intend to im-
pede the navigation of tho river on that account.
We want to make it so that it shall reasonably
accommodate both; and wo have gone to tho ex-
treme, and it now brings us to the question, shall
the Ohio river be bridged for the purpose of trans-
portation by railroad? Thatisall there is about it.
This bill provides for two species of bridge.
Where the bridge is to be built ninety feet above
low water mark, it does not contemplate a draw,
because vessels can go under the bridge whenever
they please; and this, I will remark, is the height
of bridge that was judicially determined upon
as being no obstruction, no nuisance, in the great
Wheeling bridge case. We propose to take the
height that was settled upon by that adjudication
as being proper, reasonable, and right for that
speciesofbridge. I do notknow that there is any
complaint about it. Then there are places on the
river where the banks are comparatively low, and
where it is absolutely or next to impossible, im-
practicable at all events, to build a bridge with
that height above low water. This bill provides
that in all such cases the bridge shall be built
forty feet above high water, wherever the bridge
is built. It was contended, on aformer occasion,
that at some places in the river the water rises
much higher than others. Of course it does. If
it is impinged 011 by the banks, and has to run
through a narrower channel, of course it rises
higher. Itwasobjectedthen that 110 specific num-
ber of feet above low water or above high water
ought to be fixed, because that ought to depend
upon the rise of the water at the place where the
bridge is built. These amendments obviate that,
because they require them to be so many feet
above high water wherever they are built.
Now, this objection is a little singular to a man
that has traveled through Pittsburg on the Alle-
ghany river. I believe they cross it on railroad,
and I think I counted four bridges across that
stream; and when you look through these piers
they may be said to obstruct the navigation; they
are not set parallel with each other; as we say,
they break joints in every possible form, and they
are put close together. There is no complaint
about that. Most of the lumber comes down the
Alleghany river,and comes through those bridges,
which are,some of them, not more than one hun-
dred and forty feet span, and one right above the
other, and sometimes one of the piers right op-
posite the center of the water-way in the next.
There is no trouble about them; but when you
come down the Ohio and have one bridge, you
cannot get it wide enough; it obstructs the navi-
gation of these lumber men and coal men so that
they cannot get through 1 It is singular, but I do
not want to dwell upon that. I do not wish to
obstruct this navigation. It is not the purpose of
the railroad company to obstruct it. It is the
opinion of engineers that this will not obstruct it,
I mean practically and seriously obstruct it, for I
know very well that if you go to theorizing you
may say that you cannot put anything into, a
river that does not in some way impede it. Yon
cannot build one pier but what a man might say,
speculating on the subject, " that is an obstruc-
tion." It is not an appreciable one, it is not at-
tended with practical difficulties; but whatever
you put into the water there will obstruct the
course of the stream. • What we mean by it is,
that we do not intend so to obstruct it as seriously
to affect the navigation. The parties themselves
have settled upon it, those that are as much in in-
terest as anybody else, men who use the river,
men who have an interest in the railroad, alto-
gether balancing equitably between all these in-
terests. They say a two hundred and seventy
feet span is enough. They are willing to have it
so, but the Senator is not. The fact is, if you take,
some of the boatmen there, they would say it
ought to be four hundred feet wide, and some per-
haps six hundred feet. You cannot satisfy them
at all; but when we take the experience of the
craft, when we take the great commercial cities of
Pittsburg and Philadelphia, who want this bridge
to be built, they are satisfied with two hundred
and seventy feet. The Boards of Trade of both
those cities have unanimously petitioned us to
build these bridges. They must understand the
commercial interests of those great cities, whose
commerce they superintend, wnoso business it is
to look into it in every possible shape. I have
here now—but I will not produce them again be-
cause they were read at the desk 011 the former
occasion—the memorials ofthe Board of Trade of
Philadelphia and the Board of Trade of Pittsburg
unanimously praying us to build these bridges,
and they think of course they will be no obstruc-
tion. 1 have a long petition of the business men
of Pittsburg praying for this same thing to be
done, but I Know that you cannot start any such
thing but objections will be made.
But, Mr. President, look at the interest. The
people on the upper Ohio, I grant, have valuable
interests in this river. They ought not to receive
any injury; they ought to have a reasonable way
of getting out to market their commodities, lum-
ber, coal, or anything else. I grant that; but I
say at the same time that infinitely more numer-
ous class of men, the great farming interests of
Ohioand Western Virginia, should also have some
little facility for getting out to market with their
produce. The coal men of our coal regions have
some interest also, as well as those of the Alle-
ghany and Monongahela. They have interests
ten times as great as those men, and yet the gen-
tleman asks you to shut youreyesto any interest
that these farmers and owners of coal and lumber
and everything else that wish to cross this river
to get to market, and to lock up the river to some
little trade in lumber and coal. I do not think it
is reasonable. I think that we should adopt this
compromise that the parties have made, squaring
with the experience and opinion of the best engi-
neers in the country. I know that Professor Fel-
ton did say that it is the opinion of engineers that
a draw as wide as that was the very extreme that
could be safe. I now wish to leave the subject,
for I want the bill to pass, and I do not desire to
take time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to explain
to the Senate the condition of this bill, what the
bridges were by the original bill and are now by
the amendments of the committee, without enter-
ing into the merits of the controversy.
The original bill as it came from the House of
Representatives authorized the bridging of the
Ohio river, where necessary for railroad use, by
either of two kinds of bridges. The first kind
was a continued bridge without any draw, and
the bill provided that any such bridge should be
erected ninety feet above low water mark, and
that the middle span over the main channel should
be two hundred feet wide. The second kind of
bridge was one with a draw, and the bill required
that that class of bridge should be built with a
span of two hundred feet; the draw, however,
without designating precisely where that draw
should be, to be one hundred feet on each side of
the center pier on which the draw turned.
The committee's amendments required that
bridges across the Ohio river, when continuous,
without a draw, shall be ninety feet above low
water mark and forty feet above high water mark
to the bottom chord of the bridge, and that over
the main channel it shall be ninety feet above low
water mark and forty feet above high water mark,
that it shall have a span of two hundred and sev-
enty feet, and besides that on one side of this there
shall be two hundred and twenty feet, so as to
leave a space to go under when the river is low. The
amendments further provide that when the bridge
is built with a draw, the span over the main chan-
nel of the river shall be two hundred and seventy
feet wide, and shall be seventy feet above low
water mark, and that on one side of it there shall
be a draw which shall be at least one hundred feet
in the clear upon the center pier.
I have now stated the substance of the difference
between the original bill and the bill as proposed
to be amended by the committee. The first great
question thatarose was, how long a wooden bridge
for railroad purposes could be built. Colonel Long
expressed the opinion that such a bridge could be
built with a span of three hundred feet. Mr. Fel-
ton was of opinion that such a bridge of that span
could not be built and used with safety. When
we came to inquire whether there were any such
bridges, we found that there were no such wooden
bridges of three hundred feet span. There is a
bridge of two hundred and fifty feet span across
the Connecticut river, of which Mr. Pelton spoke,
and with which I am acquainted. Up to the time
that bridge was built, it was very questionable
among engineers whether one could be built to be
two hundred and fifty feet span; but that one span
has been built, and has been standing there for
fourteen years, I should think, and is a good ser-
viceable railroad bridge. All the engineers we ex-
amined agreed that there was a point beyond which
a wooden bridge could not be made strong enough
for railroad use; but exactly where that point was,
experience had not positively shown. Mr. Pel-
ton was of opinion that two hundred and seventy
feet was the utmost that could be ventured upon
with any degree of safety. Colonel Long was of
opinion that three hundred feet would do.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, it will be re-
membered that this bill 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to offer an amendment
to this bill, that the bridge to be constructed shall
be a suspension bridge not less than ninety-five
feet above low water mark, with at least three
hundred feet between the piers. I think if the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania will permit
the vote to betaken upon that amendment of mine
it_ will decide whether it will be necessary to offer
his or not.
Mr. COWAN. That may be a separate amend-
ment as to the nature of the bridge; mine goes to
the width of the channel between the piers.
Mr. DAVIS. My proposition will be simply
this, that the bridge to be erected by this railroad
company shall be a suspension bridge, with at
least three hundred feet between the piers, and
ninety-five feet above low water mark. If the
Senate shall decide that such a bridge as that
should be built, I presume 110 proposition on the
part of the Senator from Pennsylvania would bo
necessary, and then the Senate may accept or re-
ject the proposition which I design to make. If
