170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
ment difficult to be had—in just such times, in
short, as are now upon us—merchants will not
import, because consumers will not purchase if
the price be high. The true policy, therefore,
clearly is to lower the impost and encourage im-
portation, and not to add to all the other causes
which now combine to destroy this main source
of revenue, the killing effect of increased duties.
This is quackery, not statesmanship; and I pre-
dict to-day that your high tariffs will not realize
for the current year even the revised and amended
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, sir, I submit the question without going
into the argument further, that at the least this bill
should be postponed until the entire tariff system
can be digested and accommodated to the changed
condition of the country; until it can be made
literally and strictly a revenue tariff—a war tariff,
if you please. As it now stands, it is an incon-
gruous amalgam of three separate acts and two
or three different systems of duties—the ad valo-
rem, the specific, and a compound of the two. I
think, sir, that the bill should certainly go over
for two or three weeks, until the whole subjcct
can be arranged, collated, and harmonized. This
can be done without the slightest loss to the rev-
enue. How much, sir, does the gentleman from
Vermont expect to realize within the next three
weeks from the passage of this act ? Will there be
any extraordinary importation of tea from China
and Japan within that time? Will there be any
such of coffee and sugar? What is in the wind?
As to the latter article of sugar, let me say further
that the West has heretofore received its sugars
mostly from the lower States on the Mississippi;
but an embargo has been laid on the trade of that
river ever since April or May last. You have
shut up, blockaded, the Mississippi for us; and
more effectually, too, than any port on the south-
ern coast. Since that time our sugars have been
received from the East, and the price has of course
been very greatly enhanced. In addition to thus
cutting us off from our market, you increased the
duty upon sugars at the late session; and now
you propose, m hot haste, to raise that duty still
higher, and thus to place the article wholly be-
yond the reach of most of those in the West who
are accustomed to regard it as a necessary of life;
and I believe, sir, that it is consumed perhaps to
a larger extent there than in the States of the East.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that some other
surer and wiser mode ought to be devised for in-
creasing the waning revenues of the Government.
Your expenditures are $500,000,000; your income
but $50,000,000, enough to last just one month.
If the Constitution did not forbid a tax upon ex-
ports, something might, in that way, be added,
because there lias been a very large increase of
exportations within the last six months. But
even in that case, I have not the slightest doubt
you would, upon each recurring pressure, raise
the duties, too,and thus break down yourexports,
as you already have your imports by the same
folly. True, the country is benefited, to a large
extent, doubtless, by this heavy exportation, and
the West receives a share of that benefit.
But let it bo remembered that this increased ex-
portation from the West through the sea-ports of
the East, arises from tlie fact that the navigation
of tlie Mississippi has been closed to us, and thus
the products which heretofore we were accus-
tomed to carry down that river have been forced
to find a market in foreign countries. Cut off as
we aie from all other means of outlet except by
way of the lakes, and thus, in part, through a for-
eign country, and with our railroads leading to the
East for the most part in the hands of eastern di-
rectors or bondholders, the tariff of freights has at
the same time been fully doubled, thus increasing
the burdens upon our trade both ways, so largely
as to amount m a little while longer to absolute
prohibition; while, to make the matter still worse,
that gieat and natural channel of railroad commu-
nication, also, from the southern portions of the
Northwest eastward, the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, has been closed for all purposes of travel and
transportation for the last six months, and it seems
almost impossible for some cause—surely not
" military necessity;" but shall I say base selfish-
ness on tlie part of more northern and eastern or
rival roads?—to procure the opening of it upon
any terms.
Sir, I have spoken so far solely for the purpose
of directing the attention of the House and the
country to this subject, and not with any vain
notion of being hearkened to now or here. The
bill will pass forthwith, and just as you received
it from the Treasury Department. It has been
impossible to obtain, even from this side of the
House, the poor privilege of the yeas and nays
upon the question of suspending the rules to allow
it to be reported; and it is vain to offer opposition
to the measure. Let it pass. But I am resolved
that the record shall be made up for the great
hereafter, and that the responsibility forthisand
other kindred measures shall be fixed just where
it belongs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was in hopes
the gentleman from Ohio had some proposition
to offer which would be more acceptable to me
than the one pending before the House, but the
only alternative the gentleman presents is a prop-
osition for an export duty which the Constitution
of the country utterly forbids; and if it did not,
whether an export duty would commend itself
to the people of the West, where he says corn is
selling for seven cents a bushel, I must leave him
to judge. I now demand the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire the gen-
tleman to withdraw his demand a moment. I
have a word to say on this proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it will
be as well to take the vote now.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Very well, if the
gentleman wishes to put a tax bill through under
the previous question, without any opportunity
for debate, I cannot help it.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. If thegentleman
desires to ask me any question in relation to the
bill, I will yield to him.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not. I desire
to make a few remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have declined
to yield at the request of a gentleman who sits
behind me, and I think I oughtnot to discriminate
in favor of the gentleman from Illinois. I ask for
tellers on seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Dawes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 49, noes .13; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll,and thefol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Allen, Alloy, Ancona, Ashley, Joseph Baily, Bax-
ter, William G. Brown, Burnliam, Conway, Cooper, Com-
ing, Covode, Crisficld, Delano, Dclaplame, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Ely, English, Fisher, Granger, Giuley, Hanehett,
Hickman, Ilorton, Jackson, Johnson, Kellcy, Kenigan,
Kiihnger, Lazear, Lehman, Lovejoy, Marion, Morn*,
Nixon, Tatton, Pendleton, John S. l'help^, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pomeioy, Alexander 11. Rice, Kiehaidson, James
S. Itolhn*, Saig^ant, Shetfield, William G. Steele, Stratton,
Vandever, Van llotn, Van Wyck, Verreo, Vibbard, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Wall, Ward, WicklifFe, Wood, and
Woodruff.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined,
and found truly enrolled, bills of the following
titles; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act making an appropriation for gunboats
on the western waters; and
An act to provide for allotment certificates
among the volunteer forces.
TARIFF AGAIN.
A quorum having appeared, the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and the main question ordered
to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermon t, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tim question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 29; as follows:
bell, Chambeilm, Clark. Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Roscoe Conklmg, Cutler, Davis, Daw us, Diven, Duel!,
Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden, Franehot, Fiank, Gooch, Haight,
Hale, Hooper,Hutchins,Julian, William Kellogg, Loomis,
McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Maynard, Mitchell, Mooi-
hcad, Anson P. Momll, Justin S. Motrin, Odell, Olin,
Pike, John II. Riee, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabaiger, Sherman, Spanlding, John B. Steele,
Stevens?, Benjamiii F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upton, Van Valkenburgh, Wallace,
Charles W. Walton, E. P.'Walton, Waul, Washburne,
Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcestei—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, George H. Browne, Cox, Cra-
vens, Crittenden, Dunlap, Dunn, Fouke, Gnder, Harding,
Harrison, Holman, Knapp, Law, Logan, Mallory, May,
Menzies, Nobk*, Norton, Nugen, Porter, Robinson, Shiel,
Sloan, Smith, Vallandigham, Chilton A. White, and Wright
—29.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. VALLANDfGHAM stated that his col-
leagues, Messrs. Allen and Pendleton, were
absent at home, and that Mr. Morris was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Sheffield, was still confined
to his room by indisposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vcimont, moved to iecon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAM BATTERING RAMS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navv be, and he is
hereby, requested to communicate to this Mouse copies of
all coire^pondenee on the files of the Depaitment touching
the proposition suggested or advocated to use steam vessels
as battering lams to sink an enemy by collision instead of
shot; and also to communicate to this House any informa-
tion in the possession of the Depaitment winch it would
not be incompatible with the public intei est to make known,
going to show the progress winch has been mad° in the
piartical application of this system of naval waifare by
loreigu Governments; and fuither to inform the House
whether, in the opinion of the Department, this system, as
a means of harbor defense, possesses sufficient claims to
consideiation to justify any experiments under the author-
ity of Congiess lu tusst its menu.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is a rule as
to the form of these resolutions which this reso-
lution seems entirely to ignore. The proper lan-
guage is to request the President, and direct a
head of Department to furnish information, &c.
An innovation is being here made which I desire1
to see arrested. I move, therefore, to strike out
the word " request," and to insert in lieu thereof
the word "directed."
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I do not object to that.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr. I suggest to the
mover of this resolution whether it is not best to
move its reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As soon as the inform-
ation comes here from the Navy Department, of
course it will be referred to the Commute on Naval
Affairs. We all desire to have information upon
this very important subiect.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It is my impression
that the correspondence on this subjcct is very
voluminous.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not see the neces-
sity of referring this resolution to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I understand that the resolu-
tion has been received, and I demand the previous
question on its passage. It is a simple resolution
calling for information upon one of the most im-
portant subjects that can come before Congress at
this session. The correspondence in regard to
steam battering rams is not very voluminous. If
the House does not want the information it can
vote down the resolution.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The whole correspond-
ence on that subjcct will make five octavo volumes,
at least ninety-nine hundredths of which is worth-
less.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Has the gentleman read
the correspondence? I would like to know by
what authority he says that it is entirely worth-
less.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I say that at least ninety-
nine hundredths of it is wonhloss. That much,
at least, concerns the craziest propositions in the
world.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Has the gentleman read
the correspondence?
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, I have not. I would
not read it.
