2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Ttvey have only considered the subject whether
this money is needed for I he support of the I ndians,
-and the mode in which we should appropriate it.
Now, as to the fact of its being needed, they are
unquestionably good judges. I do not pretend to
dispute that. As to the mode in which it shall be
done, there is a difference of opinion arising from
the questions with reference to the treaties. That
being the case, I submit that they have not been
quite so ready to give us the explanations in re-
gard to the bearing and the effect of the course
proposed upon our treaty obligations that I should
like. If they are satisfied themselves that they
understand it, I can only say, as my friend did,
that the fact that I do not is because, with my lim-
ited capacity, I am unable to comprehend their
exposition of the law upon the subject. It may
be all very clear to them.
Mr. LANE, of Knnsas. The gentleman from
Maine can do with the Indian Committee as the
Irishman did with the frog: take us with generous
confidence. That is the way we take the Commit-
tee on Finance frequently.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Generousconfidence works
curiously in regard to the Treasury sometimes.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. When other Senators
interfere with the reports of the Finance Commit-
tee, they are met with the Senators rebuke.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not want to interfere
with the business of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs; but the suggestion of the Senator from Iowa
that the quest ion of abrogating ueatics by the Pres-
ident could be settled after the adoption of this
amendment seems to me to be inconsistent. I un-
derstand that his proposition now is to pay over
to loyal Indians money duo by treaty to the whole
tribe. Now, suppose the President, under the pre-
vious clause inserted on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, abrogates the treaty, there will then be
no money to pay over to anybody. It seems to
me thut the question of the abrogation of the trea-
ties should be first disposed of, and then we may
talk about disposing of the money due by treaty;
and as to abrogating treaties, 1 think the point of
the Senator from Knnsas exceedingly well taken;
we ought not to attempt to abrogate them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to leconsider
the vote adopting (he amendment of the Senator
from Ohio in regard to the abrogation of treaties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark )
That, motion cannot be entertained at present un-
less the Senator from Iowa shall withdiaw his
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We cannot
get through with the bill this evening. 1 move
that its further consideration be postponed till to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
DEATH OF HON. UOLDSMITII F. BAILEY.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. James W. Clayton, announced the death
of lion. Goldsmith F. Bailey, late a member
of the House from the State of Massachusetts,
and communicated the proceedings of the House
thereon.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the last Rep-
resentative of Massachusetts snatched away by
death during the session of Congress was Robert
Rantoul. Ripe in years and brilliant in powers,
this distinguished person tardily entered these
Halls, and he entered them not to stay, but sim-
ply to go. Congress was to him only the ante-
chamber to another world. Since then ten years
have passed, and we are mnv called to commem-
orate another Representative of Massachusetts,
snatched away by death during the session of
Congress. Less ripe m yeatsand less brilliant in
powers, Mr. Bailey occupied less space in the eyes
of the country; but he had a soul of perfect puntv,
a calm intelligence, and a character of his own
which inspired respect and created attachment;
and he, too, was here for so brief a term that he
seems only to have passed through these Halls on
his way, without, alas! the privilege of health as
he passed.
Bom in 1823, Mr. Bailey had not yet reachcd
that stage of life, when, according to a foreign
proverb, a man has given to the world his full
measure; and yet he had given such a measuie of
himself, as justified largely the confidence of his
fellow-citizens. This was the more remarkable,
as he commenced life without those advantages
which assure early education and open the way to
success. At two years of age he was an orphan,
of humble parentage and scanty means. From
school he followed the example of Franklin, and
became a printer. There is no calling, not pro-
fessional, which to an intelligent mind affords bet-
ter opportunities of culture. The daily duties of
the young printer are daily lessons. The print-
ing office is a school, and he is a scholar in.it. As
he sets types he studies and becomes familiar at
least with language and the mystery of grammar,
orthography, ana punctuation, which, in early
education, is much. And, if he reads proofs, he
becomes a critic. At the age of twenty-two our
young- printer changed to a student of law, and
in 1848 was admitted to the bar.
It was the very year of his admission to the bar
that the question of slavery assumed unprece-
dented proportions from the effoits made to push
it into the Territories of the United States. Al-
though he took no active part m the prevailing
controversy, it must have produced ils impres-
sion on his mind. It was to maintain the prohi-
bition of slavery in the Territories, and to repre-
sent this principle, that he was chosen to Congress.
In a speech at the time he upheld this cause against
the open opposition of its enemies and the more
subtile enmity of those who disparaged the im-
portance of the principle. Never had Represent-
ative a truer or nobler constituency. It was of
Worcester, that large central county of Massa-
chusetts, and broad girdleof the Commonwealth,
which, since this great controversy began, has
been always firm and solid for freedom. To rep-
resent a people so intelligent, honest, and virtuous
was in itself no small honor.
But with this honor came soon those warn-
ings which teach the futility of all honor on earth.
What is honor to one whom death has already
marked for its own? As life draws to its close,
the consciousness of duty done,especially in soft-
ening the lotof others, must be more grateful than
anything which the woild alone can supply.
Even the spoiler, Death, cannot touch such a pos-
session. But this consciousness was not wanting
to the invalid who was now a wanderer in quest
of health. Compelled to escape the frosts of his
Massachusetts home during the disturbed winter
of ]8G1, when these civil commotions were begin-
ning to gather, he journeyed nearer to the sun,
and in the soft an* of the Mexican gulf found res-
pite, if not repose, when he was overtaken by
Lhat blast of war, which, like
" A violent cioss wind from either coast,"
swept over the countiy. Escaping now from
the menace of war in Floiida, as he had already
escaped from the menace of climate in Massachu-
setts, he traversed the valley of the Mississippi,
and succeeded in reaching his home. AI the session
of Congress called to sustain the Government, he
appeared to take hisscat; but a hand was fastened
upon him which could not be unloosed. Again
he came to his duties here during the present ses-
sion. But while his body was weak, his heart was
strong. He often mourned his failing strength,
because it disabled him from speaking and acting
at this crisis. He longed to be in the front tank.
But he was not a cipher. He was a member of
iho Committee on Territories in the House of
Representatives, and its chairman relates that this
dying Representative was earnest to the last that
his vote should be felt for freedom. "Let me
know when you wish my vote, and, though weak,
I shall surely be with you," said the faithful
child of Massachusetts. This is something for
his tombstone, and 1 should fail in just loyalty to
the dead if I did not mention it here.
As a member of thiscommitlee he put his name
to a repoit which became at once a political event.
In the uneventful life of an invalid, who was here
! for a few weeks only, it ought not to be passed
I over in silence. By a resolution adopted on the
! 23d of December* 1861, the Committee on Terri-
tories was instructed "to inquire into the legality
| and expediency of establishing territorial govern-
I ments within the limits of disloyal States or dis-
| mcts." After careful consideration of this mo-
; mentous question, the committee reported a bill
- to establish temporary provisional governments
I over the districts of country in rebellion against
J the United States. This bill assumed two things,
; which, of course, cannot be callcd in question:
! first, that throughout the rebel region the old loyal
i State governments had ceased to exist, leaving no
i person in power there whom we could rightfully
recognize; and secondly, that the Constitution of
the United States, notwithstanding all the eiforts
of rebellion, was still the supreme law through-
out this region, without a foot of earth or an in-
habitant taken from its rightful jurisdiction. As-
suming the absence of State governments and the
presence of the national Constitution, the bill un-
dertook, through the exercise of congressional
jurisdiction, to supply a legitimate local govern-
ment, with a governor, legislature, and court;
but it expressly declared that 44 no act shall be
passed establishing, protecting, or recognizing the
existence of slavery; nor shall said temporary
government or any department thereof, sanction
or declare the right of one man to property in an-
other." In a succeeding section, it was made the
duty of the authorities " to establish schools for
the moral and intellectual culturc of all the inhab-
itants, and to provide by law for the attendance
of all children over seven and under fourteen years
of age not less than thiee months in each year."
It was with a thrill of joyful assent that Mr. Bai-
ley united with the majority of the committee in
this bill. It was his last public act, almost his
only public act in Congress, and certainly the most
important of his public life. As a record of pur-
pose and aspiration it will not be forgotten.
To such a measure he was instinctively moved
by the strength of his convictions and his sense of
the practical policy needed for the support of the
Constitution. Ho had no tenderness for the re-
bellion, and he saw with clearness that it could
be ended only by the removal of its single cause.
His experience at the South added to his apprecia-
tion of the true character of slavery, and increased
his determination. He did not live to see this re-
bellion subdued, but he has at least left his testi-
mony behind. He has taught by what sign you
are to conquer. He has shown the principle which
must be enlisted. Better than an army is such a
principle; for it is the breath of God.
Mr. Bailey wasclearin understandingas he was
pure in heart. His life was simple4, and his man-
ners unaffected. His, too, were all the household
virtues which make a heaven of home, and he was
bound to this world by a loving wife and an only
child. He was happy in being spared to reach his
own fireside. Sensible that death was approach-
ing, he was unwilling to continue here among
strangers, and though feeble and failing, he was
conveyed to Fitchbuig, wheie, aftei a brief pei iod
among kmdied and ft lends, he closed his life. His
public place hero is vacant, and so also is his pub-
lic place in Massachusetts. But there are other
places also vacant: in his home, in his business,
and in his daily life among his neighbors,in that
beautiful town scooped out of the wooded lulls,
where he was canied back to die.
I offer resolutions, identical with those adopted
on the death of Robert Rantoul:
Resolve!. vnmtimoushj, That the Senate mourns ttie death
of Hon. Goldsmith P. Bailly, la to a member of the House
of ILepre^entativef, (join Massachusetts, and tenders to his
reiauves a sincere mpatliy in tins afflicting bereavement.
Resolved, (as a mink ot" respect to the mcmoiy ot the
deceased.) That the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jtfaij 15, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas Ii. Stockton-.
The Journal ofyesteiday was read and approved.
DISTRIBUTION OF TIIE BLUE BOOK.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask unanimous consent to re-
poit a joint resolution lor the distribution of the
Blue Book, and to have it put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a first and second time. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Interior to dis-
tribute to each of the several bureaus in the Ex-
ecutive Departments one or more copies of the
Blue Book for 1861-62, from the surplus copies
now deposited in the Intenor Department, pro-
vided the number to any one bureau shall not ex-
ceed two copies.
Mi. TRAIN. There are now in the hands of
the Secretary of the Interior four hundred copies
of the Blue Book, which must remain undistrib-
uted unless their distribution be provided for by
Congress. The heads of bureaus cannot get a
copy under the present law. I therefore desire to
have the resolution passed.
