1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CALVERT. I ask to present a minor-
ity report, and to move that it be ordered to be
printed.
The paper was received, and ordered to be
printed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Senate bill No. 89, to
amend an act of 3d of March, 1837, entitled " An
act supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
amend the judicial system of the United States,' "
with sundry amendments; and moved that the bill
and amendments be ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
188, to increase the efficiency of the medical de-
partment of the Army, with a substitute.
The bill and substitute were read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Gentlemen express
the desire that the further consideration of this bill
shall be postponed and the bill printed, in order
that they may have an opportunity of examining
it; and that they may be accommodated, I move
that the further consideration of the question be
postponed until Tuesday next, and that the bill
and substitute be ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
SIGNAL CORPS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide for
the organization of a signal corps, to serve dur-
ing the present war; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
Tuesday next, and that the bill be ordered to be
printed.
It was so ordered.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS.
Mr. HOOPER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to provide for the ap-
pointment of additional clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at Bos-
ton, to fix their salaries, and provide for the ab-
sence of the Assistant Treasurer, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Does the bill make
an appropriation of money? If it does, has any
increase of compensation been provided for the
Assistant Treasurer at Boston ?
The bill was read in txlcn&o.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Are the clerks named
in this bill m addition to those already employed
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at Boston ?
Mr. HOOPER. They are.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York object to the reception of the report?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 do not; but I re-
serve the right to niove that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. TRAIN. I want to suggest to my col-
league that the Committee on Public Expenditures
have had the same subject under consideration in
reference to the sub-Treasurer at San Francisco,
California, and that, under the circumstances, it
would be proper to refer the pending bill to that
committee, in order that both may be investigated
and reported together.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury in favor of
the passage of this bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department. March It, 1862.
Sir: T have the honoi to mclos'1 herewith a lettei from
Ezi a Lincoln, Esq.. Assistant Treasuiei at lio-ton, explain-
in" the necessity tortile rem ionization ot his othce, together
wall the draft of ft bill for that purpose.
It is obvious that the existing and prospective pressure ot
duty upon that Assistant Tieasury comparer with those
when the present establishment was authoiized by law, not
only justifies but lequtrtw the ptoposed mciease, which will
not he so costly as is provided for by the recent annual ap-
piopii.ition. I fheietore recommend this iiiuuhih; to the
f,ivora.bie con&idoiation ot the Committee ot' Ways and
Means.
Very i espcctfully, your obedient servant,
J S. 1\ CHASE,
Secretarn of the Treasury.
Hon. Tiiadueus Stevens, Chairman of Committee of JKVrt/s
und Mean*5 House of Rcpt esentatives.
Mr. HOOPER. As my colleague states that
the Committee on Public Expenditures have a
similar proposition under consideration, I move
that this bill be referred to that committee, and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT U. S. GRANT.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Lieutenant U. S. Grant; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, as this
bill makes an appropriation, I suppose that, under
the rules, it must have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. Not unless objected to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am willing that it shall
bo referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. I move that it be referred
to that committee, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LABOR AT TIIE NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill to amend an act entitled " An
act to further promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
approved December 21, 1861; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides for fixing the hours of work
at the navy-yards, &c., under the control of the
Secretary of the Navy.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs, reported adversely on the
resolution of the House directing the committee
to inquire into the expediency of modifying the
first section of the act entitled " An act to increase
and regulate the pay of the Navy of the United
States," approved June 1, 1860.
The report was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
LINE OFFICERS UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back House bill No. 280,
to equalize the, grade of line officers of the United
States Navy, with a substitute; and moved that
they be ordered to be printed, and recommitted to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so ordered.
GIFTS FROM SIA5I.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate
joint resolution No. 57, providing for the custody
of the letter and gifts of the King of Siam, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The resolution provides that they shall be de-
posited in the Department of the Interior.
The resolution was ordered to bo read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
SECEDED STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill to establish a temporary pro-
visional government over the districts of country
in rebellion against the United States; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the reading of
the bill.
The bill was then read in extenso.
Mr. CRAVENS. I ask that the views of the
minority of the committee may be read.
The Clerk read the views presented by Mr.
Cravens.
Mr. HARDING. I desire also to present the
views of a portion of the committee, and I ask that
they be read.
The Cleik read the paper.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
the motion of Mr. Ashley, that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories, and be
printed, together with the views of the minoruy
of the committee. .
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the previous question
upon that motion.
Mr, PENDLETON. Is it in order to move
that the bill be rejected ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, pend-
ing the motion to recommit.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it in order to move -
that the bill lie on the table ?
The SPEAKER.' That is in order.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, this bill
ought to be entitled a bill to dissolve the Union
and abolish tlie Constitution of the United States.
I am unalterably opposed to the destruction of
either, from any quarter whatsoever 
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman to order.
I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
knows that he is out of order. No debate is in
order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Francis
P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George H. Browne, William G.
Biown, Calvert, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Corning,
Ciavens, Cnsfield, Crittenden, Delano, Diven, JDunlap,
Dunn, English, Fisher, Granger, Grider, Guiley, Ilaight,
Harding, Harrison, William Kellogg, Kilhnger, Law, La-
zear, Leary, Lehman, McKnight, Mallory, May, Menzies,
Morris, Ni.\on, Noble, Noel!, Norton, Pendleton, Perry,
Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Alexander II. Rice, Richard-
son, Sheffield, Slicllabaigur, Shicl, John B. Steele, Strat-
ton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Wads-
worth, VVaid, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,, Chilton A.
While, Wicklifie, and Wood—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldueh, Arnold, Ashley, Baker, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton,
Campbell, Cliambeilm,Clark, Fiedertck A.Conkltng, Res-
cue Conkling, Cutler, Djivis, Duell, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Fessenden, Franchot, Frank, Dale, Hooper, [lorton,
Hutcluns, Julian, Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Mcl'hetson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P Morrill, Justin s. Moirill, Pike, Porneroy, John h. Rice,
Riddle, Edvraid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sloan,
Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Valkenburgh, Wall, Chaiies
W. Walton, E. I . Walton, Wilson, Windom, and Worces-
ter—56.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. JOHNSON stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Sherman, of New York, on this bill,
who is a surgeon of a regiment, and was called
away to that duty, otherwise he would have voted
"ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution (S. No. 65) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to accept moneys appro-
priated by any State for the payment of its vol-
unteers, and to apply the same as directed by such
State; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. ASIiLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Arizona; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to the
Committee oil Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
CHAUNCEY A. IIORR.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Chaun-
cey A. Horr, of Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN B. MOTLEY.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill for the relief of John B.
Motley; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
PURCHASE OF COIN, ETC.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the bill of the House (No. 341) to author-
