1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
terror of public opinion ; whose lot on this green
earth was unfortunately in the land where treason
ruled, with those who were the plotters and will-
ing instruments in the revolt. We must remem-
ber that this was not a rebellion of the people,
but of a class which has long ruled the South by
wealth and its slaves, in which, it is true, almost
the entire people in the more southern States par-
ticipated, and for which, I here regret to say, large
numbers in the border States had a decided relish.
While, then, lam in favor of the most generous
regard, consistent with justice, to those true and
devoted Union men who have been impoverished
or ruined by the occupation and subsistence of
our Army, under distinct military authority and
command, I am, nevertheless, anxious to hasten
the work of legislation by the passage of a con-
fiscation bill, applicable in some measure to all
who aid the rebellion, and to denounce special
pains and penalties upon the leaders. They have
made themselves criminals under our laws, and
as such they should not go unpunished. They
confiscate, plunder, and kill; they rob and de-
stroy and sequester the estates of our Union men,
and shall we impose no disabilities and penalties?
Make these plotters of crime aware of the dread
penalties they incur for their infidelity to the best
of human Governments, and against the prosper-
ity and happiness of the people, and they will soon
begin to reflect on the consequences of their con-
duct. Their property and their substance should,
in some measure, be used to pay the cost of this
revolt, and to aid in making good the losses and
sacrifices of those who have defended the integ-
rity of their Government against a hideous assault,
come from whatever part of the country they may.
As before said, this was not the uprising of a dis-
satisfied people against an odious and oppressive
Government, butofahighly privileged class against
the people. It was not the reaction of a subject
people, nor the outburst of popular discontent,
but the rebellion of stagnant conservatism against
genuine, healthy progress; of a despotism against
a large and well-regulated liberty; of a species of
barbarism against the noble, Christian inspira-
tions of the nineteenth century.
This treasonable and wicked class should feel
the weight of a nation's punishment, and in the
end, if the chiefs in this crime should be made to
pay the penaItyoftreasontotheircountry,Chus-
tiamty and Civilization would rejoice, and the na-
tion would return to the old liberties of the fathers
in proud triumphal march. Fn the place ofSt«\te-
nghts abstractions, we should then look upon our-
selvesasotherswouldlook upon us—as a powerful
nationality; instead of a combination of independ-
ent confederacies—as a sovereign, independent
Power; and secession and revolt would be known
no more in the land forever.
The noble army of soldiers from my State who
have given their strong hands, brave hearts, and
their blood to uphold the Constitution and sustain
the Government, have a right to expect that their
Representatives will be earnest in their efforts to
enact vigorous measures to punish the authors of
this causeless and wicked rebellion.
The patrioticlegions of the State which I have in
part the honor to represent, numbering one hun-
dred and twenty thousand of her citizens, from
the farms and the workshops, from the trades and
the professions, require no herald of their devo-
tion and their sacrifices in the camp and on the
battle-field, and need no one here to proclaim that
they expect of the Repiesentatives of the people
to aid by the power of civil authority in visiting
upon the authors and leaders of the revolt, dis-
ability, penalty, and punishment.
The soldiers from my district, embracing about
five thousand intelligent and worthy citizens, left
the peaceful pursuits of productive industry, the
professions and the arts, actuated by the highest
motives which can animate the human breast.
These men went forth ready to expose themselves
to all the hazards of battle, and even to death itself,
to defend their country. Some have met the sol-
dier's last sacrifice on fcveicd beds m the camp;
some on the hard-fought fields of Doneison and
Pittsburg1 Landing, and more at the recent bloody
contests on the peninsula of Virginia. More than
one thousandsoldiersfrom my district participated
in the unequal tight which resulted in the glorious
victoiy of Yorktown and Williamsbuig, and with
their heroic comrades are entitled to the highest
praise and the deepest gratitude; and yet, sir, that
bloody field sent tears and mourning to many a
household of my people, and grief and sadness
throughout my district, and they will expect that
I will do my duty in this representative sphere,
cooperating with others in the enactmentof meas-
ures to punish the traitors and cripple the power
and vitality of this rebellion, and to provide, so
far as human foresight, with a faithful discharge
of duty, will admit, for the peaceful security of
our once happy country.
I return to the more immediate discussion of
the bill under consideration, and will ask the at-
tention of the House only a short time longer.
I believe it is for the best interests of the Gov-
ernment, as well as the claimants, that it should
pass. Suppose, to organize and support the com-
mission, it shall cost fifteen or twenty thousand
dollars a year. Even so, and you save to the na-
tional Treasury, in all probability, hundreds of
thousands of dollars annually, avoiding fraudu-
lent claims, the corrupting influence of this class
of private claim legislation upon Congress, and,
at the same time, bring relief to the meritorious
within a practicable period.
A commission, authorized upon the principles
of this bill, and with the authority it confers, can-
not be otherwise than a valuable auxiliary to Con-
gress and the Government, while its more certain,
uniform, and expeditious action will bring timely
relief to increased numbers of the true friends of
the Government, for the existence and for the
maintenance of which their wealth and their sub-
stance have been appropriated.
If these claims are not to be paid for years, I
still insist that this is the best and wisest mode of
establishing their validity and preparing for their
ultimate payment on a sound and well-understood
basis, or exposing their insufficiency, as the case
may be.
1 believe that the inauguration of this system
will greatly relieve Congress, and with less ex-
pense, inconvenience, or delay, secure a just de-
termination of all proper claims against the Gov-
ernment, and in this the rights and convenience
of claimants, as well as the Government—which
should always be considered—will become man-
ifest. , In the conduct of civil affairs, to me there
is no spectacle more sublime than the honestand
prompt administration of justice by Government
to all its citizens. Let the men whose years of ac-
cumulations or whose scanty substance has been
given to the support of our Government know
what they have to depend upon, and you have the
best guarantee of their future fidelity.
Mr. WEBSTER obtained the floor.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to yield to me, to make a motion to
postpone.
Mr. WEBSTER. Being a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims, from which this bill was re-
ported, I have desired to oifei an amendment; and
I will then yield to my friend from Indiana to
make a motion to postpone, as the morning hour
has nearly expired. My amendment is to strike
out the first clause of the tenth section of the bill,
as follows:
Said commissioners shall not take cognizance of any
claim against the United States for the loss, value, orsei-
viees, ot any -ilive or person of color, nor foi damages* or
looses an&ing from iiirf or hoi escape, capture, oi detention;
nor shall.
So that it will read:
Any person who li.w engaged, oi shall at anytime engage,
in the piosent lebellion against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, or been «u any time hostile to Mich Government,
ot given aid and comtort to those engaged in said rebellion,
derive any benefit under tin* act; and that it shall be the
duty ot said commissioners, See.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the morning
hour has nearly expired, I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill till next Monday
after the morning hour, and to make it a special
order.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest that the motion be
simply to postpone till Monday next, after the
morning hour. It will come up then. There is
a special order which would take precedence after
that day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that modification.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I nropose to amend that
portion of the bill which relates to the organiza-
tion of this traveling corps, who are to meet at
no specified place or time, and substitute in lieu
of it the plan of taking this evidence as contained
in House bill No. 386. I move to rfrikc out all
of the first section after the enacting clause, and'to
insert in lieu thereof House bill No. 386, which
was referred to this committee.
Mr. NOELL. A ,motion to amend I suppose
is not in order while the motion to postpone is
pending. I have no objection to the amendment
so far as I am concerned, though I will suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky that he can offer
his amendment when the bill comes up regularly
for consideration.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would prefer to offer it
now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my motion
to postpone temporarily for the purpose of ena-
bling the gentleman to move his amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I then propose the amend-
ment I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will repeat
his amendment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to strike out all the
first section after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu thereof what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. That amendment would not
be in order at this time. The gentleman from
Maryland proposed an amendment to the tenth
section, and no amendment is in order except
such as would be germane to the amendment now
pending.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I propose to amend a sec-
tion of the bill preceding that which the gentle-
man proposes to amend.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in'order.
Bills in the House are not considered by the sec-
tion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, sir, any way the
Chair will dictate by which the amendment can
be received, I will follow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
of any way by which the amendment can be re-
ceived under the rules, at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I then renew the motion to
postpone.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, so as
to postpone the bill until a week from Monday
next. There is a general desire upon the part of
the House, I believe, to reach an early time for
adjournment. This bill is a very important one,
and if it should pass, would involve an expendi-
ture on the part of the Government of perhaps
millions of dollars. I do not know how much. It
is certainly a measure deserving careful consider-
ation. If the bill should pass it would supersede
perhaps the necessity to some extent of the Court
of Claims. It is questionable whether this or that
is the better mode of reaching this important sub-
ject. At any rate, time should be given, and such
time as will enable the House to arrive at a cor-
rect conclusion. I therefore hope it will be post-
poned until a week from Monday next.
Mr. FENTON. I want to make this remark
to my friend from Vermont; that this bill provides
for the expenditure of no dollars, thousands nor
millions, that are not provided for by other meth-
ods of legislation now. I merely want to make
this statement, that it shall not go to the country
that this was a plan for the increase of the ex-
penditures of the Government. I have no objec-
tion to the postponement to the day indicated by
the gentleman.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont, was agreed to.
The motion to postpone, as amended, was then
agieed to.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
NEW YORK COINAGE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to establish a coinage department
in the United State assay office, in the city of New
York; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
DAVID OGDEN AND OTHERS.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the same committee,
reported back the ease of David Ogden and others,
with the recommendation that the claim be not
allowed; which was laid on the table.
THIS 0UE1V OH THE NIGHTINGALE.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of certain of the crew
