1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
of disloyalty, shall be notified to appear before that com-
mittee, if they think proper, and make such explanation of
. tile charge as they have to submit.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that that reso-
lution be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
DUTIES ON TEA, COFFEE, AND SUGAR—AGArN.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that l*ody had passed without amendment House
bill No. 176, increasing the duties upon tea, cof-
fee, and sugar.
ASIATIC COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House take from
the Speaker's table the message of the President
in reference to the Coolie trade.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of 13th July last, a report from the Sec-
retary of State respecting the Asiatic Cooke trade.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the message and ac-
companying papers be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER AGAIN.
Mr. DUNN. I move that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Thursday
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us first hear of the ac-
tion the Senate has taken upon the resolution we
have just sent up to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will make a statement
of what the Senate is doing.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to refer to
the Senate proceedings.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will refer, then, to
what is taking place in a distinguished body not
far off. [Laughter.] 1 have just heard from there.
I understand that that honorable body is consid-
ering a proposition of this kind: to adjourn over
until Thursday, from then until Monday, and from
then until the subsequent Thursday. I under-
stand that we will have a proposition of that kind
here in a very few moments.
The question was taken on Mr. Dunn's motion,
and it was rejected.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back House bill
No. 116, to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled "An act supplementary to the act
entitled 'An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States,' " with sundry amendments. I
ask that the bill be put upon its passage.
The Clerk read the first amendment, as follows:
Strike out the word u Iowa/' in the twentieth line, and
after the woid •'respectively," in the twenty-second hue,
insert "and in the district of Iowa, at the capital of said
State, on the second Tuesday of May and November of each
year," so that it will read:
The circuit courts in the districts of the States of Texas,
Florida, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Kansas, shall be bolden
at the same times and places as are now prescubed by law
for holding the distuet courts in each of said States, le-
speetively, and in the district of Iowa at the capital of said
State on the second Tuesday of May and November of each
year.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table. I do not think that the House
is now in condition to do business.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And I wish to
be heard on the hill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question if the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion
to lay upon the table on that condition.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdiaw the demand for
the previous question. • ,
Mr. Speaker, I desire to make an explanation
of tiie provisions of the bill. It cannot lie objected
to as introducing any new legislation touching the
organization of the Supreme Court for the reason
that it is in the very words of the existing legis-
lation. The only change that the bill makes m
the present legislation is this: it provides for two
circuits instead of one in the eight northwestern
States, containing a population of about eight
million people. In these States to-day there is
no circuit court judge, by reason of the death of
Judge McLean, who, under the apportionment of
circuit duties to the several judges of the Supreme
Court, was assigned the seventh circuit, which,
as it was then constituted, was composed of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and Illinois.
Under the laws as they now stand, in the absence
of a circuit judge, no person guilty of murder, and
indictable and punishable for such offense against
the Government of the United States, or guilty of
treason within the States embraced in the seventh
circuit and the other States embraced in this bill,
namely, Iowa, Kansas, Wisconsin, and Minne-
sota, can be tiied and convicted, for want of a
circuit court, which alone has by statute the juris-
diction to try such offenses. I submit, therefore,
that it is necessary to pass this bill that the Gov-
ernment may be able lawfully to try and punish
these grave offenses, if committed against its au-
thority, within that vast extent of country.
It may be said, sir, that the President of the
United States may appoint a circuit judge without
the passage of this bill. Suppose lie does, can a
circuit judge administer justice to the people of
some eight States, having a population of eight
million? It is utterly impossible. No man has
ever proved himself equal to that task in this
country, and I undertake to say that no man can
perform it. It is necessary, then, that this bill
should pass, in order that the people in that dis-
trict may have the opportunity of having justice
administered in accordance with the laws of the
land.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, provides for two circuits
in the Northwest, one to be composed of Ohio,
Indiana, and Michigan, containing a population
of four million four hundred and thirty-nine thou-
sand, and another composed of Illinois, Wiscon-
sin, Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas, containing a
population of tin ee million fourhundred and forty-
one thousand. Either of those circuits proposed
to be raised is equal in population to any existing
circuit in the Union, except the circuit of New
York, and as to that I may say that the first-
named circuit in the West is even equal to that
in population.
The only other change made in this bill upon
existing circuits is to consolidate the fifth and
ninth circuits in the Southwest as they are now
composed, so that Alabama, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, Arkansas, and Texas shall constitute one
circuit. As! they now stand, the States of Ala-
bama and Louisiana constitute one circuit. The
State of Texas is an independent organization, the
district court being authorized undcrexistinglaw
to exercise circuit court jurisdiction. Texas is not
embraced in any circuit whatever. I may make
this further remark, that the district of Alabama
has a vacancy, caused by the resignation of Judge
Campbell. This is a reason why the circuit should
be reconstructed, and, as proposed to be recon-
structed, it will contain only a population of about
two million five hundred thousand, all told. So
there can be no objection to the new southern cir-
cuit on the score of population. It would not have
more than one half of the population of the pro-
posed new circuit of Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
These are the views that have governed the com-
mittee in the presentation of this bill.
I make one further remark. The House will
observe that the bill does not change the number
of judges in the Supreme Court. It leaves the
court constituted as it now is. It neither adds to
nor takes from the number of judges now pro-
vided by law for that tribunal. It merely consol-
idates the southern circuits and makes an addi-
tional circuit in the Northwest, wherean additional
circuit is needed, by reason of the great increase
of population since the last organization of cir-
cuits, and reduces the number of circuits in the
extreme South where they arc not needed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am extremely
glad that it has been possible by some arrange-
5 ment and adjustment to get an opportunity to say
i a word upon a bill of some little importance, and
i I hope this will be an indication to the House
! hereafter, that when we assess general taxation,
! and propose to reorganize the entire judiciary of
; the country, some little consideration—at least
| twenty or thirty minutes—will be allowed.
I am opposed to this bill. It has passed the
Judiciary Committee, it istrue; but it is due to
say that it passed the committee when I 'believe
there was only just a quorum present, or not more
than one exceeding a quorum of the committee.
The President tells us in his" message that the
reason why he has not filled the vacancy on tbe
bench of the Supreme Court occasioned by the
death of Judge McLean, is that in his judgment—
and in that judgment, 1 presume, every" member
of the House concurs—it is necessary in some
manner to reorganize the judiciary system, £n
consequence of the increase of population in one
portion of the country over another, it becomes
necessary not only to change the circuit of the
Northwest, but to change the circuits in various
portions of the United States, and therefore the
President indicates that he has suspended his ac-
tion in relation to the filling of that vacancy. In
that view of the subject, I, as a member of the Ju-
diciary Committee, was opposed to commencing
now to divide the Northwest and consolidate the
Southwest without taking some general action
upon the subject submitted to us by this House,
by the reference of that portion of the President's
message to us. I submit to the House that it is
proper that some action should be had upon the
whole subject, arranging all the circuits in some
general bill, if it is necessary at all to reorganize,
so that the President may be able to go on with
his appointments, understanding the whole wants
of the country rather than the wants of a particular
portion of it. It seems to me that we are begin-
ning at one or two corners of the country rather
than taking into consideration the whole subject
of dividing the country into judicial circuits, such
as shall correspond to the interests of the entire
people, and enable the President to make his ap-
pointments with a view to the wants of the entire
country.
It is said, however, that this bill does notchange
the number of judges, and that the President can
make his appointments. Sir, if there is any rea-
son in the President's message for desiring a re-
organization of the judiciary before he makes his
appointments to fill vacancies, is it not a reason
against making the change by piecemeal rather
than by a general measure? I think we should
wait until the Judiciary Committee can take cog-
nizancc of the subject referred to them, and pre-
pare a plan adjusting all the circuits of the country
as the wants of the people and the business of the
country seem to require, rather than embarrass
such a course by the adjustment of one corner of
the United States into such a circuit as shall pos-
sibly meet the desires of two or three States in
regard to the appointment of a judge; and it is for
this reason that I ask the House now to wait and
consider this whole subject when it shall have been
adjusted by the committee, so as to do justice to
every portion of the country rather than at this
time to dispose of the northwestern corner or frac-
tion of the Republic. If it is said that they
require courts, I say to the gentleman that the
Judiciary Committee can, in a week or two, if
they arc willing to take this subject up, make a
final disposition of this whole matter; and if we
cannot agree upon a general system for the ad-
justment of this subject, then the Judiciary Com-
mittee can report to the House the action desiied
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
if it be proper action. I therefore move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] as the member reporting
the bill from the committee, was entitled to the
floor to close the debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE. On what ground? This
is not on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be if the motion to
recommit shall be voted down. The gentleman
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not usual to get rid of
a bill which has been reported by order of a com-
mittee by stating to the House the number of mem-
bers present in the committee when the bill was
ordered tobe leported. I am not disposed to make
any issue with my colleague on the J udiciary Com-
mittee as to the number present, or the number
