1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3115
country, shall be girdled and tied with a band
about it. We are not satisfied that that shall be
done for the sake of the advantage to be gained
by this bridge. Much as we want the bridge, and
much as the people clamor for the bridge, partic-
ularly the people of Pittsburg, who, like all other
people, are expecting great results to come from
railroads, about all the result they have found
from them as yet, is that the freight which form-
erly stopped there and paid them a commission
for reshipping it down the Ohio river, now runs
through i>y railroad without paying any tax for
their benefit; but they realize advantages other-
wise, 1 have no doubt.
The question is not whether this river shall be
bridged or not bridged. That is not the question.
I know there is an attempt made here, and it is
industriously circulated by all those who desire
this scheme to succeed, that unless we accept this
proposition, forsooth the Ohio river will never be
bridged. Is there no way of getting over it ex-
cept'by a two hundred and fifty feet span ? There
is not a river in the world that is more worthy to
be spanned from end to end if it were possible.
There is not a river in the world that carries more
commerce upon its bosom than the Ohio river is
destined to carry some day; and I say it behooves
this Senate, the representatives, the guardians of
the people and their rights in this behalf, to be
used, in the language of the law, as they were
wont to be used, that this be preserved. No cor-
poration has a right to come here and say to a
million of people who have been enjoying their
rights upon a great highway of this kind, and en-
joying them from time immemorial, which have
been sacredly guarded in every direction, " you
must put on crimpingirons; you must straighten
yourselves and accommodate yourselves to my
measures in this behalf; you must cut down your
rafts and flats and boats and all this kind of thing
to accommodate mo." Who? The country?
The people? No, sir; a corporation, and one of a
class which as I say is swallowingup to-day more
of the political privileges of the people and exer-
cising a more dangerous and deleterious influence
over the politics of the country and the legislation
of the country, than all other interests and all
other mischiefs combined. The very same men,
sir, that are charged with purchasing Legislatures
wholesale, charged with buying them for a price
like oxen in the shambles, are here and were here
to get this bridge fixed to suit their particular no-
tions. Whether these men are guilty or not, I
know not; I know nothing about them; but I say
it is broadly, openly charged; and when an inves-
tigation is ordered, I say these people cannot be
by any kind of process dragged forward to the
stand to testify as to how the matter was. Those
are the people who comc and ask for these special
privileges to be given to a corporation.
Mr. WADE. I wish the gentleman would be
more specific. What does he moan by that?
Who is it that has been bribed? Let us know,
and not deal in wholesale charges.
Mr. COWAN. It is not necessary to partic-
ularize. There are a great many people who will
know exactly how to understand me, and what I
mean.
Mr. WADE. I want to understand you, for
one.
Mr. COWAN. Now, sir 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from Penn-
sylvania to give way. It is manifest we cannot
get a vote on this bill, and there are one or two
important appropriation bills that ought to be
passed immediately. I askhim,therefore, togive
way for a motion which I will now submit.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. 1 want to reply to
some of the statements that have been made by
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot get a vote on
this bill now. I only want to save time. I do
not desire to interpose any delay to the passage
of the bill.
Mr. COWAN, I have no disposition to urge it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope Senators will allow me
to call up the confiscation bill, so as to have a com-
mittee of conference appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should object to that at
present. I desire to take up the House bill mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of soldiers'
bounties. It will not take five minutes, and then
we can go on with the other business. I am in-
formed it is very important to have that bill acted
upon; and I ask that the pending order may be
postponed with a view to take up that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antiiony
in the chair.) It is moved that the pending order
be postponed with a view to take up the bill in-
dicated by the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR VOLUNTEERS* BOUNTY.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 540) making appropria-
tions for the payment of the bounty authorized
by the sixth section of an act entitled " An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing1 the laws and protecting public prop-
erty," approved July 22,1861, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill appropriates for payment of the bounty
to widows, children, fathers, mothers, brothers,
and sisters of such volunteers as may have died or
been killed,%or may die or be killed, in service,
authorized by the sixth section of an act entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volunteers
to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public
property," approved July 22,1861, $5,000,000, or
so much thereof as may be found necessary. The
bounty is to be paid to the following persons, and
in the order following, and to no other person, to
wit: first, to the widow of such deceased soldier,
if there be one; second, if there be no widow,
then to the children of such deceased soldier, share
and share alike; third, if such soldier left neither
a widow or child or children, then, and in that case,
such bounty shall be paid to the following persons,
provided they be residents of the United States, to
wit: first, to his father; or if he shall not be living,
or has abandoned the support of his family, then
to the mother of such soldier; and if there be
neither father nor mother as aforesaid, then such
bounty shall be paid to the brothers and sisters of
the deceased soldier, resident as aforesaid.
It also appropriates for compensation of twenty
additional clerks to be employed in the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions, to wit: for fifteen
clerks of the first class, $18,000; for five clerks of
the second class, $7,000. The sum of $3,000 is
also appropriated, or so much thereof aa may be
found necessary for the expenses of the [Potter]
committee on disloyal employe* of the Govern-
ment, appointed by resolution of the House of
Representatives, July 8, 1861.
It also provides that that part of the sixth sec-
tion of the " Act to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property," approved July S&, 1861,
which secured to the widow, if there be one, and
if not, the legal heirs of such voiunteeis as die or
may be killed in service, in addition to all arrears
of pay and allowances, a bounty of $100, shall be
held to apply to those persons who have enlisted
in the regular forccs since the 1st day of July,
1861, or shall enlist in the regular forces during
the year 1862, and be paid to the heirs named in
this act.
The bill was repoitcd to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr, SHERMAN. In order to dispose of this
subject, as this bill disposes of the other bill which
had been referred to a committee of conference, I
move that the report of the conference committee
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO III YE It.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (Ii. R. No.
392) to establish certain post roads.
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to say anything
more about this bill, and I am not going to take
time on it now, because it is said there is no quorum
here and we cannot proceed further; butsome ex-
traordinary statements of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania ought not to go, perhaps, without a pass-
ing notice. In the first place, m order to make
out his case, he says during low water they do
not profess and never pretend to pass these rafts
and coal boats; it is only m high water. Well,
sir, that is but a very small part of the year, and
shows how insufficient the river is for continuous
navigation. I wish it was better; but it is Noto-
rious that it is one of the most uncertain streams
in the country. It has been said thatit was frozen
half the year and dry the other half; but that is
an exaggeration.
Mr. COWAN. That is a statement that a rep-
resentative from Ohio ought never to indulge in,
I think.
Mr. "VYADE. I think as much of the Ohio river .
as theSenatordoes; but I ask whethcrfive million
people, who are vitally interested in crossingthis
river at the point where we propose to cross it,
shall haveall theirinierestsstricken down and ren-
dered entirely null through a mere fancy? As I
have already said, there are infinitely greater in-
terests connected with these roads than there can
be in the navigation of this river. The gentleman
argues in opposition to this question as if we were
really going to destroy the navigation of the Ohio
river. I have endeavored to show, from scientific
men, that the bridge will not interrupt, it at all.
Why then does he continue, not to meet the argu-
ment of how far the river will be obstructed, but
to assume that we are destroying the river, and de-
stroying the interests of all those above? No such
thing, sir. Wc do not intend to interfere seriously,
or to any appreciable degree, with the interest of
navigation; and more than five times the number
of people are interested in these roads than can be
interested in this navigation of which he speaks.
The Senator in one ureal li tells us that these rail-
road companies are the most dangerous monopo-
lies there are in this country; that they threaten
to swallow up your Government and render it a
despotism; and in the next breath he tells us that
all these railroads are nearly bankrupt, without
interest, and that this road will never be worth a
cent, but will bankrupt those who undertake it.
Those two statements do not hang together at all.
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word of explanation ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, su, U wants explanation.
Mr. COWAN. The Steubenvillo Railroad
Company is utterly, totally bankrupt; butcertain
other companies which are not bankrupt—I think,
perhaps, the Pennsylvania Central; I do notknow
whether there are others with them or not—have
taken a lease of it for a lon«j term of years, and
they propose to go on and finish the supeistruc-
lure. That is the way the thing is to be done.
Mi. WADE. So far from these uulroads being
a detinnent to the gieat mass of the community,
then; is nothing that I know of from which the
gi eat mass of the people deiive more benefit. The
mercantile, agricultural, and every othrr intciest
in our western country arc indebted more for their
prosperity to these great railroad companies than
to anything else m the woild. Sir, withoutthem
the West to-day would be a wilderness. So far
from what the Senator says about these great aris-
tocratic institutions that are going to swallow up
the country being true, while thogn-at mass of the
people have derived such untold benefits from these
roads, the stockholders have almost universally
sunk and sacrificed all thatthey putin. Thathas
been the history of these loads. They have con-
tributed more to the buildin^up and prosperity of
the West than all other things together, while the
stockholders and the companies have in almost
every instance sunk nearly the whole capital that
they have invested. So far, therefore, from their
being any such corporations as the Senator says,
they are the most beneficentand least pioliiable to
the holders of any I know of. So much for that.
I was in hopes the Senator would explain one
remaik, and not. have left the impression, to the
detriment of those who are seeking to make these
roads, by what he said, in general terms, that men
guilty of bribery and corruption are endeavoring
to get these roads through. I wish the Senator
would be specific, and tell us exactly what lie
means by it. If the Senator intended to charge
anybody I know anything about with corruption,
I want to know it.
Mr. COWAN. As th^ionorablc Senator will
locollect, I was drawing a parallel between two
classes of people who were interested in this mat-
ter. On one side here were people in the enjoy-
ment of a right which they had been wont to
use from time immemorial, and I said that ought
to be protected; it was the prior right, and stronger
m law; that, on the other hand, we had a corpora-
tion—not a public corporation, but a private one—
and one of a class of corporations which were dan-
gerous to the political liberties of the country, if
they chose to exercise their power; that these cor-
porations had been charged with doing that, and
