174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
tliatsupported this bill, or the number that ordered
it to be reported. It is enough for me to say that
it is the action of the committee, that the commit-
tee have reported it, and that they have reported
it after consideration.
My colleague upon the committee has failed to
indicate anything in the bill which does injustice
to any portion of the country. He has failed to
indicate in the remarks which he has submitted
to the House any portion of this country, not pro-
vided for in this bill, in which a change in the
present organization of circuits is required, either
by reason of the public business or the increase
of population. If he would look carefully into the
statistics of the population in the several circuits
of the United States, he would find none of them,
as now organized under the existing law, outside
of the Northwest, to have a population equal to
the first district proposed to be organized by this
bill, save and except the district of New York;
not one in the Union.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will say frankly
to the gentleman from Ohio that I am inclined to
vote for the motion made by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] unless by arrangement
the matter can be postponed. I would like to
ask the gentleman whether the design of the bill
is to act as a separate measure from that which
has been considered, and perhaps passed, at the
other end of the Capitol, upon the report of Mr.
Trumbull from the Judiciary Committee, or
whether the design of this bill is to cover the whole
ground, and to reorganize, as far as the necessity
exists, the judiciary system of the country? In
other words, whether this is only an installment,
and the Judiciary Committee of this House pro-
poses hereafter to report other bills on the subject,
or whether the design is, that this is to cover the
whole ground that the House is to occupy at this
session ?
As I have interrupted the gentleman, I would
like to say further, that the House is now very
thin. I have not yet been able to find this bill
upon my file, and othergcntlemen around me have
not been able to find it. I hope, therefore, the
gentleman from Ohio will consent to a postpone-
ment of the bill temporarily, so that members can
understand it, and then, perhaps, there will be no
objection to it. I should like very much to have
an opportunity of looking at the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My only object
was that time might be given to consider the whole
matter. I am opposed to taking this system by
installments. If my colleague on the committee
will agree to it, therefore, I will withdraw my mo-
tion to recommit, and let the whole subject go over
some ten or fifteen or twenty days, as he may pre-
fer. My only object is to have a sufficient time to
consider the whole subject thoroughly. I do not
desire to impede the progress of the bill at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to have this
bill made a special order, then; otherwise it may
be lost.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to its being a
special order. Let it be postponed simply.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have 110 doubt the gentle-
man objects to anything that looks to a favorable
disposition of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
if the bill is postponed until a day certain, it must
be disposed of then before any other business can
be transacted.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will permit the bill to go
over, then, and will only detain the House with
the remark that 111 bringing forward this bill the
Committee on the Judiciary did not intend to in-
dicate to the House any final determination as to
their action as to the proposition for a reorgani-
zation of the Supreme Court. So far as I know,
there is no proposition before the committee to
diminish the number of judges. There is a. prop-
osition to increase the number. This proposition
does not disturb the number of judges as estab-
lished by law. It does nothing that is not open
to repeal at any time upon due consideration by
the action of Congress. It does not preclude,
therefore, as gentlemen will see,any order which
the House may hereafter see fit to take in relation
to the matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed
until the third Monday in January.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
proposition to be to withdraw the motion to re-
commit, and postpone the further consideration
of the bill until the third Monday in January,
then to be considered as if reported from the com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
"^^ADJOURNMENT OVER TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I understand that
in consequence of want of a quorum in the Sen-
ate they may not act on our resolution to adjourn
over. I therefore move the following resolution:
Resolved, That when this House adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ until Thursday next, aud that when it adjourn? 011
Thursday next, it adjourn until Monday, tiie 30th instant,
and that when it adjourns on the Monday last named it ad-
journ until Thuisday the second day of January.
The resolution was adopted.
CORRUPTION IN OFFICE.
Mr. HARRISON submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether any legislation is necessary to
prevent or punish the proposing, giving, or receiving of
commissions or perquisites to officers 01 the Government
foi the purpose of obtaining any eontiact or to induce any
official action, and that the committee leport by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act increasing the du-
ties on tea, coffee, and sugar; when the Speaker
signed the same.
And then, 011 motion of Mr. COLFAX, (at a
quarter before four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed until Thursday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 24, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 25) for
the sale of the ruins of the Washington Infirm-
ary; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 176) to increase the duties
011 tea, coffee, and sugar; and it thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Lyman S.
Wilcox and others, citizens of St. Lawrence
county, New York, praying the passage of a law
by Congress, under the war power, for the total ab-
olition of slavery throughout the country; which
was referred to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Hemy Myers
and others, citizens of St. Lawrence county, New
York, praying the passage of a law by Congress
under the war power for the total annihilation of
slavery throughout all the United States, and to
allow all to aid in enforcing the laws, without dis-
tinction of caste or color; which was referred to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Joseph Mar-
den and otlieis, citizens of Parish ville, New York,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Healsopresented the petitionofLorenzo Cham-
berlain and others, citizens of Coltori,New York,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Rich and others, citizens of Jackson,
Bremer county, Iowa, praying for the total abo-
lition of slaveiy throughout the country; 'which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of W. George
Bailey and others, citizens ofWarwasing, New
York, praying for the abolition of slavery through-
out the country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John Clement
and others, citizens of Townsend, Massachusetts,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughout
the country; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of citizens of
Boston complaining that outrages have been com-
mitted against the liberty of the press, and pray-
ing that steps may be taken to secure the entire
freedom of the press; which was referred to the
Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the petition of An-
thony M. Dignowitz, a citizen of San Antonio,
Texas, praying for the military occupation of
Texas with a view of protecting loyal citizens of
German birth in that State. I move that it be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
goes to the Committee on Printing; the memorial
will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN. May not the memorial be
printed by unanimous consent without a reference?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been done;
but the impression of the Chair is that the law
requires that all documents save those specially
specified in the law must, before being printed by
either branch, he referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not insist~onthe motion
under that ruling of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that it has been the practice of the Senate
to print such documents by unanimous consent.
If there be no objection the order will be made.
The Chair hears no objection.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. BROWNING. I present a memorial of
the citizens of Gluincy, Illinois, praying for the
establishment of an arsenal and armory at that
place. I wish to inquire of the Senator from Iowa
what committee has charge of this subject?
Mr. GRIMES. No committee of this body has
charge of it. There was a bill reported at the last
session establishing an annory and arsenal, and
the petitions that have been presented at this ses-
sion have been laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This memorial will
lie on the table.
Mr. BROWNING. With others on the same
subject.
Mr. HOWE. I have a memorial from sundry
citizens of Jefferson county, Wisconsin, praying
for the establishment of an armory at some point
on the Fox river, in that State. I have heretofore
presented several memorials of a similar character,
and, upon my motion, they have been referred to
the Committee 011 Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia, if I remember rightly. I understand this morn-
ing that a bill has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs providing for the erection
of an armory at Rock Island, m the State of
Illinois. I hardly know what direction ought to
be given to this memorial under these circum-
stances. It seemed to me that the subject properly
belonged to the consideration of the Committee
011 Military Affairs. My impression was that our
armories, such as we had in existence, were under
the direction and control of the War Department.
If there is no objection to it, I shall still ask that
this memorial take the direction of the others and
go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'It will be so re-
ferred.
Mr. BROWNING. I inquire whether when
the bill comes before the Senate it will not be com-
petent for us to refer the bill itself, and all the
memorials upon the subject now lying upon the
table, to the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNING. I suppose that will be the
direction that will ultimately be taken.
Mr. GRIMES. I have nothing to say in re-
gard to the disposition that shall be made of this
memorial; but I simply wish to remark that I
suppose the Committee on Naval Affairs have
quite as much to do with the manufacture of
