THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
1862 it is estimated that it will be fifty millions of
gallons. In the process of refining, benzole is sep-
arated from it, and, since the rebellion, takes the
place of turpentine.
At these wonderful wells petroleum now sells
at from twenty-five to thirty-five cents per barrel
of forty gallons. The barrel costs two dollars,
awl the cost of refining is about five dollars per
barrel. Freight to the Atlantic cities the present
winter has been at the enormous price of five dol-
lars and over per barrel. But this leaves the article
at an extremely low price, according to its value
as an illuminating oil. The Government is now
paying $1 60 cents per gallon for sperm oil, and
it has been higher, but I am convinced that, in
proportion to the measure of light and heat, the
refined petroleum or coal oil is cheaper than the
best sperm oil would be at even twenty-five cents
per gallon. The polar seas will not long be vexed
by the pursuit of whales, unless these oil fount-
ains suddenly stop their supplies. There is noth-
ing, for illuminating purposes, to be compared
with it but gas, and that may surpass it in extreme
brilliance, neatness, and convenience, but hardly
in cheapness. When the price was one dollar
per gallon it was all readily taken, and frequently
secured by orders in advance of its manufacture.
With the duty proposed, it is probable the price
will not be more than half it brought last year
when the consumption doubled. On the market
value, ten cents per gallon on refined oil may be
a high percentage, but compared with the rate on
lard oil and gas, it is very low and reasonable.
The duty of three per cent, ad valorem proposed
on all manufactures, except those specifically pro-
vided for, some at heavier rates, will not come out
of the manufacturer—though a depression or glut
of the market will make him suffer loss as it al-
ways does—but will increase the cost to that ex-
tent to the consumer, as much so as if added to
the cost of labor or the raw material. The draw-
back allowed will preserve any foreign markets
intact. It was not thought best to propose duties
on raw materials generally, but to wait until all
the cost, in the finished state at the time of sale,
was added to the production, and thus assess the
duty on the largest values. From this source
much the largest item of revenue will be de-
rived—in all, specifics included, not less than
#50,000,000.
The census in 1850 of manufactures was imper-
feet and understated, and that of 1860 will show a
prodigious increase—true now, but not compara-
tively true. In this prosperity the rebel States have
shared to some extent. The whole amount of
woolen goods produced in 1850 was §43,542,288.
The increase has been fifty-five per cent, in the
loyal States alone, or the amount now for these
States is $65,928,486; and New England produces
almost as much as the whole country did ten years
ago, or $38,509,080. The increase in cotton goods
in the eastern States has been eighty per cent., in
the middle States fifty-five per cent., and in the
southern States over sixty-three per cent. The
total amount of agricultural implements produced
in the whole Union in 1850 was $6,842,611. In
twenty of the loyal States it is now §15,975,838.
The whole value of boots and shoes made in
the United States in 1850 was $53,967,408; and
the aggregate in nine States is now $74,668,557.
The whole amount of manufactures in 1850 was
$1,013,336,463, and is now in the loyal States
alone $1,761,000,000. Such facts should make
every man with an American heart in his bosom
glow with pride.
If manufactures in the history of our Govern-
ment have been fostered, they are now the strong-
est pillars of our support. A burden that would
paralyze the agriculturists of the country will be
taken on to the backs of the steam giants with
alacrity and confidence. But it will be indispens-
able for us to revise the tariff on foreign imports,
so far as it may be seriously disturbed by any in-
ternal duties—on some things the tax proposed is
more than the present tariff—and to make proper
reparation, otherwise we shall have destroyed the
goose that lays the golden eggs. From such a
revision, including some articles that hitherto it
has not been considered sound policy to take from
the free list and lower schedules of the tariff, it is
expected also to increase the revenue several mil-
lions of dollars. If we bleed manufactures we
must see to it that the proper tonic is administered
at the same time. There are many articles, how-
ever, where the tariff is now high enough for
revenue or protection, which will require no ad-
vance.
A tax upon railroads is easily levied and easily
collected; but to adjust an equitable tax upon all
railroads has been one of the difficult problems the
committee have attempted to solve. If we took
the basis of cost it was apparent that the nominal
cost—including long interest accounts while in
course ofconstruction—would, in many instances,
be beyond the present value. The market value
could be no criterion, as many are not sufficiently
known to have any fixed value, and of the whole
five hundred and forty-one railroads in the coun-
try, few are without a moiety or a prominent share
of their cost represented in bonds or floating debt.
In 1857, the total investment in railroads was
$908,679,325, and of this $417,243,664 consisted
of debt and bonds. In January, 1862, the total
investment was $1,192,302,015, and if the rela-
tive amount of debt and bonds remain the same,
it would be $547,476,495, and while the bonds are
mainly of value the stock may be worthless. If
we were to take the gross receipts as a basis of
taxation, many of the roads -should be taxed for
freights which they now transport over long dis-
tances—having competing lines, here and in Can-
ada, by land and water—for little more than the
bare cost. In these times of commercial depres-
sion, it is an object to leave the transit of produce
and merchandise as much unfettered as possible.
One of the wisestof mankind has said three things
are essential to national prosperity, namely: "fer-
tile fields, busy workshops, and easy communica-
tion." It is important, also, to have no obstacle
in the way of swelling our exports to the largest
possible extent, that the country may not be
drained of specie.
A passenger tax is not without its difficulties,
all of which cannot bo wholly overcome. Many
people not being able to hold real estate in cities,
have made themselves homes on the lines of roads,
and daily travel over them to and from their
places of business on season or commutation
tickets, with an expectation that these accommo-
dations would be continued on the same terms in-
definitely. These and immigfant passengers are
always carried at diminished rates.
The subject has been disposed of by proposing
a duty of three per cent, on the season or com-
mutation tickets, and on the coupons or interest
paid on bonds, and by a duty of two mills on pas-
sengers (other than season-ticket passengers) for
each mile traveled. This, in some sort, appor-
tions the tax between the owners of the road,
whether foreign or domestic, and whether repre-
sented in the form of stock or debt. It is also
provided, where any legal restriction exists, that
railroad companies may add the duty to their
rates of fare if they choose to do so.
Obviously the system had to be modified and
extended to steamboats and other vessels, in order
to deal justly by the roads and obtain justice for
the Government.
Stamp duties have been in bad odor with us
ever since England attempted to impose them on
the American colonies without their consent.
Practically, stamp duties upon legal and com-
mercial documents and papers are found to be
as unobjectionable as any duties which can be
collected. The sums levied in each instance arc
small, and the transactions are not much restricted
thereby. The experience of other nations shows
that here is a resource we cannot afford to forego.
England collects $40,000,000 from a similar tax
alone,but includes much which here would not be
regarded as expedient, and many rates that here
would not find a cheerful acquiescence. The great
activity of the American people in commercial
transactions—every man more or less a buyer and
seller—justifies the expectation, with only the
moderate rates proposed, of a large revenue from
this source; buthavmgno reliable data upon which
to found an estimate, we have preferred, as in other
cases, to put the amount below rather than to ex-
ceed what may be realized.
Stamp duties upon telegraphic dispatches and
express packages will not be likely to encounter
opposition, especially the latter, as it is a class of
business rewarded by unusual profits; nor will the
duty on patent medicines, from which so many
not inconsiderable fortunes have been accumu-
lated, be regarded with disfavor. The percentage
is, indeed, large, but the rule of profits is much
larger. The traffic in these nostrums grows by
what it feeds on. The poor prisoners of disease,
if they get well, are swift witnesses to miraculous
cures; ifotherwisedesperate,the vendors continue
to tantalize them with a new ray of hope for which
any price is not too dear.
The income duty is one, perhaps, of the least
defensible that, on the whole, the Committee of
Ways and Means concluded to retain or report.
The objection to it is that nearly all persons will
have been already once taxed upon the sources from
which their income has been derived. There are
few persons in this country who have any fixed
incomes for a term of years. Real estate is not dis-
posed of in any way to create such incomes, nor
have we any system of annuities, except life in-
surances, to be reached by this mode of taxation.
The dividends of banks, the interest on railroad
bonds, and United States official salaries, including
members of Congress, have been elsewhere sub-
jected to duties, which will largely diminish the
amount to be obtained underthis head. Theincome
tax is an inquisitorial one at best; but, upon look-
ing at the considerable class of State officers, and
the many thousands who are employed on a fixed
salary, most of whom would not contribute a
penny unless called upon through this tax, it has
been thought best not to wholly abandon it.
Ought not men, too, with largo incomes to pay
more in proportion to what they have than those
with limited means, who live by the work of their
own hands or that of their families ?
The duty on advertisements was thought ad-
visable on the ground that, more than any other
tax, it would be likely to fall, where it should
fall, upon the person for whose benefit the adver-
tisement is published. The publishers will prove
to be the patriotic and honest agents of the Gov-
ernment for the collection of a duty which will
at once be added to the price of advertisements.
Experience has abundantly proven that the bold,
ungrudging, and even lavish advertiser is always
largely repaid for all costs of advertising, and
these are not the men to skulk from a picayune
tax. Whether so or not, where the whole indus-
try of the country is called upon to respond to the
wants of the Government, one of the most profit-
able branches, to all parties, could not be legiti-
mately omitted. It is in no sense a tax upon the
newspaper or any other publication. There is
even a careful provision in the case of any legal
restrictions upon the price of any advertisements,
State or national, that the duty may be added.
What the State and nation submits to, cannot be
objected to by individuals.
There is no duty proposed on the circulation of
any literary, scientific, or news publication what-
ever. Printing paper, like any other manufac-
tures, it is proposed to assess, but only to the
extent of three mills per pound, which is equal to
three per cent, ad valorem. It is to be assessed as
a paper manufacture, but at less than half the per-
centage proposed on writing paper. Can it be
asked that it should be exempt?
There has been no purpose to cripple the dis-
semination of books, reviews, magazines, or news-
papers. No special tax is proposed upon them at
all, and they are specially exempted as a manu-
facture; but to except all manufactures of which
they make use would be asking too much. Even
upon telegraph dispatches, the stamp rate is put
at three cents only for each dispatch, and it is no
more though it should fill the whole broadside of
a newspaper. The printers'devil, when he washes
his face at night, might as well object to the duty
of five mills per pound proposed on soap, as a tax
on knowledge, civilization, and Christianity, as
for any one to complain that three mills per pound
on printing paper, and three cents on telegrams,
is a blow at newspapers, education, and repub-
lican institutions generally.
Mr. Chairman, the subject is a dry one, and I
have, without exhausting the materials, suffi-
ciently taxed the committee. Whatever we do
ought to be done speedily, as every day's delay
is a resulting loss to the Government. I have but
a single point more, and will then conclude.
One of the most dangerous things to the repu-
tation of an American financier,! have noticed, is
to make financial predictions, which, in the sequel,
are found to fall far below or to overleap sober
facts, but seldom hit the truth in the very eye.
History is apt to stone our prophets. The rapid
development of meansof intercommunication, the
