8116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
that some of the persons who had been charged
had been here in and about the District. 1 aid
not desire to insinuate, even most remotely, that
any such attempt was made in this body. I should
be the last person in the world to say that there
. had been the use of any improper means.here. I
merely said that to induce a proper caution on our
part, so as to preserve the rights of the people as
against these monopolies ana corporations.
Mr. WADE. J am very glad to hear that ex-
planation; for I know the gentlemen who have
been here, who are interested in having these
roads, are among the most respectable in our coun-
try. I do not know more than two or three of
them, and they stand higher for integrity, honor,
and everything that tenus to make a man's char-
acter valuable than almost tiny men I know of in
Ohio. I am very glad to hear that the Senator
was only stating in general terms his apprehen-
sion of danger from these corporations. Xo that
I have no objection.
There was one thing more which I did not like
to hear from the Senator, and Lhat was that Ohio
coal was so much inferior to that of Pittsburg.
He charged me with ignorance in that respect. I
know alf about your Pittsburg coal. I know it
has been analyzed, and I know the coal fields of
Ohio have been analyzed; and, sir, you cannot
show specimens of such coal as we have got in in-
exhaustible quantities in Ohio. For the purpose
Of smelting iron ore, or for any other purpose,
ours is unrivaled by any in the world, and Pitts-
burg cannot approach it anyhow. Look at Iron-
ton, Lawrence county, and that region. Why,
sir, the coal of the inexhaustible fields along the
Ohio is as much preferable to your Pittsburg coal
as anybody can imagine.
Mr. COWAN. Do you mean Lawrence coun-
ty, Pennsylvania?
Mr. WADE. No, sir; Lawrence county, Ohio,
the Hanging Rock institution, and the lronton
mines, and nil through there; and in northern
Ohio it stands so preeminent that ore is brought
from Lake Superior to bo smelted by the coal that
we have in northern Ohio; and yet the Senator
tolls me that Ohio coal is of inferior quality.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him why the ore is brought from Lake Supe-
rior? Is it brought to meet that particular kind
of coal, or is it brought to commingle with other
and different ores, and from that commingling to
extract a finer quality of iron? I think the last
i« the fact,
Mr. WADE. I mean just this, that in north-
ern Ohio you smelt that oit with the nearest coal
you can find, and that is sufficient for the purpose.
You find there the very best coal m North Amer-
ica for the purpose of smelting iron, and that is
the nearest place, and consequently vast amounts
of it are brought there. 1 know they commingle
their ore with the ore of our country to make a
peculiar fipecies of iron; and according to the test
of scientific men our iron is as much superior to
yours as is our coal; and right there, in the county
of Lawrcnce, probably more of the elements of
benefit come together—coal, iron, pipe-clay, and
everything of the kind—than meet in any other
placc in the world. Your scientific men have
tested it, and they find that our iron is more than
thirteen per cent, better, stronger,and firmer, than
your best Juniata.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, 1 will give it up now.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, I should think you
might as well give it up. You never would have
asserted it if you lmd looked at these tests, and
the world will know it very soon. Whenever
these railroads are constructed, your business in
lower Ohio will very soon cease. That is all I
wish to say about it.
Mr, MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr.COWAN. If tlj&Senator from Maine will
allow nie one moment,Tdesire to present a remon-
strance and affidavits that 1 have received on this
subject, in order that they may be printed for the
use of the Senate. They are the testimony of men
experienced upon this river as pilots, and will,
I have no doubt, be interesting to a great many
gentlemen who will not have an opportunity oth-
erwise vf knowing the facts they contain. They
were too long to read. I hope the Senate will make
that order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered, if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. Although this question by the
title of the bill would seem to be of a general char-
acter, I am constrained to believe from examina-
tion of it somewhat, and particularly from the
discussion between the two honorable Senators,
that there are local considerations which lend it an
interest here; and yet there is a general principle
which addresses itself to the Senate so far as to
authorize me, I think, to say a word or two in
regard to it.
This conflict, it is very apparent, springs up
between two interests, one which relates to the
river, the great natural and common highway, and
the other, which has reference to the local or arti-
ficial highway, designed to be constructed in con-
nection with it, and somewhat in conflict with it.
In all these questions, the great and perplexing
difficulty is the question of fact, which always
arises in this class of cases. I maintain that the
right of the common highway, the right which
pertains to the great water-courses of the country,
is always superior. It is the natural .high way; it
is the perpetual highway; it is the common high-
way for the country, and in its general features
and general characteristics, it is superior to the
artificial. It is for all time; it is for all people; it
is common; and it has many characteristics about
it that distinguish and make it, in my judgment,,
as a highway superior; and I will always give it
in the legislation of the country that preminence
over the local and the special.
Here is an attempt to bridge this stream; and it
is not only a provision to bridge this stream at a
single point, butfis I rend the bill, it is a bill which
provides for the bridging of this highway at an
indefinite number of place.1;. It authorizes every
company now chartered, or which may hereafter
be chartered through all time, which may be au-
thoiized to construct its road to a point on this
river, to cross it, and to cross it at any of these
points where it is authorized to approach it, in the
particular way indicated in this bill. This feature,
above all, it seems to me, renders this bill ex-
tremely important. Are we prepared in the Sen-
ate to-day to say that any number of railroad char-
ters between the mouth and the sources of the Ohio
river may cross this river ill the manner indicated
in this bill. Ordinarily, when a fact of this kind
occurs, and is brought to the action of a legisla-
tive body, giving authority to triumph over the
rights common to the riv^r, and to hold the rights
common to the river in subjection, they do to some
extent—the honorable Senator from Ohio shakes
his head. The fact that you apply for a charter
is to put the rights of the river in subjection to the
rightsof the corporation to some extent. Whether
you will do it or not in a given case depends upon
the facts. Now, if the committee have investi-
gated the facts, and aie satisfied it is safe to cross
the river at this point ill the manner indicated in
the bill, that is one thing; but have they exam-
ined the whole length of the river, and can they
say that it is practicable, that it is consistent with
the interests of the public and with the interests
of those who have rights upon the river, to cross
it at any other point and at all other points in the
manner indicated in this bill? It seems to me that
is a very grave consideration.
Mr. WADE. I will state that this one bridge
will determine the whole. It is to be so high over
high water and so high over low water and so wide
anywhere. The river may rise more in one place
than another; but the bill provides for that; so that
if one bridge is safe, they all are anywhere.
Mr. MORRILL. That is an answer to some
extent; but it may be proper to puss this river in
this particular way at one point and it may accom-
modate at that particular point the travel upon the
river when the same construction at another point
would not accommodate it. Itscems to me, there-
fore, this general character of the bill is objection-
able; but 1 did not rise to argue the question or to
do anything more than to suggest this difficulty.
But there is one other point I desire to suggest.
It seems to me in settling this question between
the general rights on the river and the special
rights asked for by the railroad, this rule always
ought to prevail: that the rights on the river, be-
ing, as I have assumed, the superior, always ought
to be rcspected just so far as they can be; and if
you will authorize the superficial or the local, if
you^uthorize a railroad company to pass a river,
you must require them to cross the river, in such
a manner as to secure all the rightB upon the river
that are practicable. Now upon this point it is
said that two hundred and seventy feet will be
reasonable accommodation. How is that? It is
quite impossible for us to judge. It is very pos-
sible the cOmmittcc had such information before-
them as authorized them to infer that two hundred
and seventy feet will give the necessary accom-
modation; butfor myself I have this rule: I will
require those who attempt thus to cross a navi-
gable river, particularly a river of this class, to
give all the facilities that are practicable.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment, from the best showing be-
fore the committee, the committee were of opinion
that two hundred and seventy feet span was the
most that could bo made, and make a bridge at
all. As to building a suspension or wire bridge,
the expense would be such that no railroad could
sustain it; and, therefore, as it must be a wooden
bridge, that that was the utmost span with which
it could be made with any safety.
Mr, MORRILL. If that were so, that would
be quite conclusive for my action. I maintain that
that this railroad, desiring to cross this river,
should cross it in a manner to give the utmost fa-
cilities to the navigation of the river.
Mr. COLLAMER. And for a bridge ?
Mr. MORRILL. And for a bridge.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is what we have
gone upon.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is the practical
test. 1 understand the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania to say that the evidence he has ad-
duced here shows that a much longer span is
practicable. If so, I am disposed to vote for the
longest span in this river that is practicable.
Mr. COLLAMER. Colonel Long, as the gen-
tleman says, expressed the opinion to the com-
mittee that a wooden bridge with three hundred
feet span could be built, not that there had ever
been any built; for there has not been any. From
the statement of the other engineer, the committee
found that none but bridges of two hundred and
fifty feet span had been built, but these people
were willing to undertake to make one two hun-
dred and seventy feet; they say they bidieve it can
be done. The committee, putting the whole testi-
mony together, came to the conclusion that two
hundred and seventy feet was as wide a span as a
wooden bridge could be built with, in safety. Col-
onel Long was the only person who expressed
the opinion that a three hundred feet one could be
built.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania to the amendmentof the com-
mittee, to strikeout the word# " two hundred and
seventy," and insert " three hundred."
Mr. FOSTER. I would suggest to the friends
and the opponents, if there are opponents to the
bill, whether it is advisable to press the matterto
a vote now. We can foresee the result, probably.
Mr. WADE. I doubt whether there is a quo-
rum here, and, of course, I do not want to test
that so as to interrupt business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Postpone it to some day.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone it to say
Tuesday, and make it the order of the day for one
o'clock on that day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be made
a special order. There will be no difficulty in get-
ting it up; but if it is made a special order, it will
override other business which we may then have
in hand. I think there will be no difficulty in get-
ting it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist on his motion to make it a
special order ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggestto theSenatorfrom
Ohio to make it the special order for the morning
hour.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that. I
have got through arguing it. I suppose it will not
take long. I move that it he made the special order
for Tuesday at half past eleven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until to-
morrow, with the view of taking up House bill
No. 529.
The motion was agreed to.
IOWA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill is a House bill which
