1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215#
D.wp«, Delano, Ducil, Duiilnp, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely. Fen-
tou, Fc.-v-onden, Fian^hot, Fianlc, <*iuler, IJ.ugbt, Hale,
II;mi-on, lloiton, Julian, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Ki'llogs, Lehman, Loomis, Lovojoy, McKtiiglit,
McPSic^on. Mdiloiv, Mnyn:ird«M«nzie.s, Moot head, Justin
y Momll,Timothy G. Phelps, Pike.Pottei, Alexander If,
Rice, John II. Rice, Edwiud II. Iloliins, Saigcnt, Sedg-
wick, Sheffield, Sloan, John B. Steele, Steven-;, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Train, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgii, Wall,
Wallace, E. P. Walton, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Wilson, and \ymdom—71.
So the bill was notlaid upon the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question lecurringon the motion to recom-
mit with instructions,
Mr. WiCKLIFFE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew the same.
The bill was (hen ordered to be engrossed and
read a thhd time, and being engrossed it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. 259) for the relief of
Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Ruff, of the United
States Army; when the Speaker signed the same.
JAIL WARDEN IN THE DISTRICT 03? COLUMBIA.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, an act (S. No. 197)
to authorize the appointment of a warden of the
jail in the Pistrict of Columbia.
The bill was laid upon the table.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. CALVERT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back a bill (H.R..
No. 297) for the relief of J. W. Nye; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF J. W. NYE.
Mr. CALVERT, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (EL R. No. 298) to provide
for the payment of the claim of J. W. Nye, as-
signee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to
be punted.
POTOMAC WATER WORKS.
Mr. CALVERT, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution transferring the super-
vision of the Potomac water works to the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiidtime; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CALVERT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION OF NEGROES.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, from the
same committee, reported back an act (S. No. 290)
to provide for the education of colored children of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved the
previous question. The previous question was
seconded,and the mam question ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof the bill was or-
dered to be read a third time, and it was accord-
ingly read the thhd time.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUALIFICATION OP ELECTORS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 271) prescribing the
qualification of electors in the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read.
Mr. ASHLEY called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUALIFICATION OF ATTORNEYS, ETC.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 4G7) prescribing the
qualification of attorneys and solicitors in the
courts of the United States and in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY IN THE DISTRICT, ETC.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 425) to incorporate
the Guardian Society to Reform Juvenile Offend-
ers in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time;and bemgengrossed,
it was accordingly lead the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNION GAS LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY. I am directed by the .Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report a
bill to incorporate the Union Gas Light Company,
and ask that it may be printed, and recommitted
to the committee.
The bill was reported, recommitted to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
INSTRUCTION IN PRIMARY SCHOOLS.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back a bill (S. No.
240) to provide for the public instruction of youth
in primary schools throughout the county of
Washington, in theDistrictofColumbia,without
the limits of the cities of Washington and Geoige-
town.
The bill was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time. It was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to reconsider tiie
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved ;
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WATER TAX IN GEORGETOWN.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the Com-
mitteo for the Districtof Columbia, reported back
a bill (S. No. 211) to authorize the corporation of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to lay
and collect a water tax, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. , ' -
The bill was then ordered to be read a third *
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
^ Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DELANO. I believe the Committee for
the District of Columbia have made all their re-
ports, and it seems to me that it would be a waste
of time to call over the other committees for re-
ports upon District of Columbia business. I there-
fore move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of my colleague
for what purpose ?
Mr. DELANO. To take up business relating
to the District of Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have the gen-
tleman postpone that for other matters in which
he, as well as other of the members from Mas-
sachusetts, is interested.
Mr. DELANO. I will say to my colleague
that, so far as I am concerned, there is no objec-
tion to postponing this matter, if the Committee
for the District of Columbia can be assured of
having another early day for the purpose of con-
cluding the unfinished business relating to the
District of Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. I presume the House will have
no objection to that. It is generally understood
that arrangements have been made for another
matter at this time; and it seems to be rather ne-
cessary, to accommodate certain gentlemen about
to leave, that this matter should be postponed.
Mr. DELANO. I will say that there are one
or two bills plating to the District of Columbia,
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and if they could be placed at the head of
the Calendar, so that they would come up when
wc next go into committee, i should have no
objection to postponing the matter now.
I will ask, however, now, that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union may be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill for the incorporation of an institution for the
deaf and dumb. A bill has already been passed
which renders that bill unnecessary.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were discharged
from the further consideration of said bill, and the
bill was laid on the table.
By unanimous consent the remaining bills re-
lating to the District of Columbia, pending in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
were ordered to be placed at the head of the Cal-
endar.
Mr. DELANO. I now withdraw my motion
to go into committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mi*. Fobney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to bill of the House
(No. 12£) to secure homesteads to actual settlers
' on the public domain.
! The message also announced that the Senate
1 had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
i ferenceon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
j on the bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railway Company.
The message further announced that the Senate
had concurred in the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution of the Senate (No. 67) in rela-
tion to the claim of Marshall 0. Roberts for the
loss of the steamer Star of the West.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEVADA.
! Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the further consideration of
the bill of the Senate (No. 442) to establish a land
