1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
State and Federal constitutions, the longer con-
tinuance of which, in their present form, are in-
compatible with the security of the Union. That,
sir, is the logic of the message, and that is the
doctrine of the political abolitionists of this coun-
try.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of-order.
I ask whether the discussion now indulged in by
thegentlemanfrom Kentuckyis in order? I should
be very glad to hear the gentleman from Ken-
tucky upon the subject he is now debating at any
time when it is in order, but I think, inasmuch as
the acting chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has indicated his intention to confine
this discussion strictly to the bill under consid-
eration, and as the Chair has announced that he
will confine the debate to the bill itself, I think
the rule ought to be enforced upon every member
or upon none. I, therefore, submit that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, in the course he is pur-
suing, is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion th$t the remarks of the gentleman are not in
order, except by unanimous consent. The Chair
thinks the question of the message of the Presi-
dent is not before the committee.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Well, sir, I will move
to strike out the enacting clause of the bill. I pre-
sume anything will be in order upon that.
The CHAIRMAN. That would not bring the
remarks of the gentleman within the rule. The
bill before the committee has been made a special
order, and under the rule all debate must be con-
lined strictly to the bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chairman mean to say that, in the discussion of
this bill, it is not in order to debate the general
objects of the bill ? Is that the i uling of the Chair ?
The CHAIRMAN. The rule requires that
debate shall be confined strictly to the measure
under consideration.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Docs not
that involve the general policy and principles of
the measure as well as its details ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. No, sir; I
do not.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have no purpose ex-
cept to proceed in order; and if I thought I was
notstrictly in order I would not sayanother word.
I have not risen to discuss the details of the bill,
as any gentleman can perceive. I will try, sir, to
keep m order. I am speaking without prepara-
tion, with no notes before me; these interruptions
are therefore more than ordinarily embarrassing,
and I trust they will not be persisted in.
I was trying to show my opposition tu this bill
—to the extent to which it goes at least—to say
to my constituents, and to such part of the coun-
try as my humble voico may rcarh, that I can no
longer confide in this Administration, or give my
confidence in full to the President himself. Ican-
not vote taxes for the purposes for which I fear
these taxes arc to be used. I cannot vote, at all
.events, for them for as long a time as this bill pro-
poses to do. If that be not in order, how can any-
body ever be in order ?
I say, then, to recur to the thought of my mind
at the time I was interrupted, that the exercise of
any reserved right of any State, or the people of
any State, should be incompatible with the se-
curity of the Union, is altogether absurd in its
very terms. I say the most ultra political aboli-
tionist has never claimed anything more than that.
It is to say at once that there is no Constitution;
it is to say that the exercise of a right the Con-
stitution reserved is incompatible with the contin-
uance of the Union.
1 say, therefore, that the message itself has put
this idea forward to this country. And why?
When it asks this Congress to notify the States
" distinctly," that they have an institution in them
which, though legal in its character, and guaran-
tied by the Constitution itself, is incompatible
with the security of theUnion, (to go no further,)
does any gentleman, then, suppose that this mes-
sage was put forward with a solemn appeal to
God and the country as a mere idle collocation
of words? That it means nothing more than to
propose to certain States of this Union that the
Federal Government will assist them by pecun-
iary aid to do a certain act? That the President,
surrounded by an able Cabinet, deliberating upon
every word of that resolution and that message,
has been guilty of the folly of calling upon God and
the people of the country, upon a mere idle prop-
osition? No, sir, no, sir. There are certain inter-
pretations of that message and resolution, either
of which threaten the preservation of the Union if
it be adopted. If it be adopted and followed out
to its legitimate result, I am not prepared to vote a
dollar of the money of my constituents to accom-
plish it.
One construction is that the northern people—if
I may use the term, meaning the people of the free
or non-slaveholding States—have come to the con-
clusion that the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Hickman,] had come
to, that the border slave States were held in the
Union by " fear55 alone. I do not see that gen-
tleman present, and I will therefore forbear to make
the remark that rises to my lips in answer to such
a statement as that. Whatever else we are afraid
of, we are not afraid of that doughty warrior, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. Whenever the
gentleman from Pennsylvania shall wish to try
how much Kentucky is awed by fear, let him as-
semble all who are of the same opinion with him-
self and try it; we will put " switches" into the
hands of enough loyal men to switch them into
Canada. The interpretation is, I say, that the
party nowin power, atleast, have come to the con-
clusion that the border States are not loyal. I
know that is the opinion of some of them. But T
am sorry, indeed, that the President or his Cabi-
net concur in that opinion, if indeed they do.
It is not correct; ay, believe me, sir, it is not
correct. Sir, if all this radical proposed legisla-
tion springs out of that conviction, dismiss it at
once. I tell you that you can preserve the Con-
stitution, and that there will be no Union without
it. Preserve it, and Kentucky will occupy her
place as an obedient sister in the Union, circling
round the Federal center, singing the celestial song
of inseparable liberty and Union until the har-
mony of the spheres itself shall cease. The love
of Kentucky for the Union was born in her and
cannot be eradicated. Not even such men as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, to whom I have
alluded, [Mr. Hickman,] can drive her out of this
Union or make her cease to love it. Her soldiers
have fought side by side with yours everywhere
for the preservation of liberty. The inhabitants
of northern Ohio who are daily sending petitions
hoseoohing Congress to arm our negroes and en-
courage them to rise in servile revolt upon their
white brethren in the South, if they will look
upon their own soil, may see the whitened bones
of Kentucky soldiers who sacrificed their lives for
the protection of Ohio homes.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 wish merely to say that Ohio
has sent forty thousand armed soldieis to defend
Kentucky, and they are there now.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I thank
noble Ohio for her assistance. But, sir, they came
there not for the purpose of trampling underfoot
the Constitution. I served with five thousand of
them in Kentucky. I mingled as a private with
the soldiers in the ranks. I mingled also freely
with the officers. I know the soldiers of Ohio,
and they do not entertain the sentiments of the
gentleman who interrupted me. They arc not for
waging a war for the extermination of slavery.
They do not believe there is an irrepressible con-
flict; that this Union cannot be secure while sla-
very exists in any part of it. They believe that
their fathers and our fathers were wise and good
men, and that the system of government which
our fathers established is good enough for them.
They believe that if in olden tunes, when the sons
of Kentucky fought in defense of Ohio homes, the
people of that day could live together in peace and
fiaternity with negro slavery in the Union, their
children can do the same, if they are not degen-
erate sons of worthy sires.
I was trying when thus interrupted—it seems
to me very unnecessarily—to convince gentlemen,
if they had any belief or faith in me or in my test-
imony, that they ought to disabuse their minds
of the belief, if such an impression rests upon
them, that Federal bayonets are required to keep |
Kentucky in the Union, or that it requires a !
Federal policy, looking, by Federal patronage \
and influence, to the gradual emancipation of sla- i
very in that State. They ought to dismiss such j
impressions from their minds at once, because to I
retain them would not only be a gross injustice
to us, but result most disastrously. We are pow-
erless here upon this tax bill, or upon anything
else. We depend alone upon the regard which
gentlemen have for the Constitution, to preserve
at once Federal supremacy and the reserved
rights of the States, each in their spheres. If they
are of the opinion that slavery in Kentucky is in-
compatible with the preservation of the Union,
(as many of them are, I know, from their decla-
rations made upon this floor,) and that "fear"
only keeps Kentucky loyal, then they will never
cease to agitate for Federal interference. The
President is an honest and a patriotic man. He
has been teased and pressed by the radical anti-
slavery men, to whom he looks for much of his
support, until he has been compelled to offer what
he supposes a compromise between extreme abo-
litionists of the North and Unionists of the South.
Let us admit that logically we may infer from the
message that general confiscation of property,
general emancipation or abolition, degradation of
States to Territories, &c., is to be abandoned by
those who have advocated them hitherto; all the
radicals who support the President's policy, let us
concede, give them up. I heard the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, advocate
general confiscation and universal emancipation in
the speech which I have before me. All those
things must be abandoned if this policy is adopted
by him. T say that it may logically follow.
We may fairly infer from the language of the
message that, urged by the distrust which exists
in the minds of northern men, and which may be
huking in his own, that Kentucky, if slavery be
not abolished within her borders, cannot be kept
within the Union, the President has proposed the
principle of Federal pressure on the States to com-
pel gradual emancipation by their own action.
He places that policy upon the ground that grad-
ual emancipation initiated in the border States on
the proffer of aid by the Federal Government is
" one of the most efficient means" of preserving
the Union. I say that evidently this is a compro-
mise. It is not the policy of any one man at all.
That is the President's purpose and the XJresi-
dent's view, fie will doubtless consider every
gentleman, however radical he may be, who comes
to this message and still presses the ultra measures
before alluded to, as putting himself in opposition
to the policy of the Administration. This scheme,
therefore, requires the ultras to yield. The vote
to lay the territorial bill upon the table to-day is
doubtless an indication of this policy of the Ad-
ministration on the subject. I am not unwilling
that such a result shall be attained. I am very
glad that influence of a proper character can be
brought to bear successfully to persuade gentle-
men to abandon the radical opinions and projects
that they have entertained and proposed hitherto.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the gen-
tleman will let me interrupt him on the subject of
the territorial bill to which lie refers. It is inva-
riably the practice of the House to have all bills
printed when they are reported and before they
are taken up to be considered. It is almost the
invariable custom. The vote this morning was
merely deciding that the House preferred not to
have that usual rule departed from.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The case then is much
stronger than I thoughtit was. The House had
such an aversion to the scheme that they would
not consider it. They would not let it be printed,
but laid it at once and finally upon the table. It
is exactly where the proposition ought to be.
Mr. McPHER,SON. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will give way one moment, I desire to
say, for myself and others around me, that they
voted this morning against tabling the bill intro-
duced by the chairman of the Territorial Commit-
tee, and asked by him to be printed and recom-
mitted for further consideration, that they did so
without reference to the merits of the measure,
and not in a spirit of approval of it; but because,
as a matter of parliamentary courtesy and in ac-
cordance with the usual practice, they were will-
ing to permit its friends to put it in the precise
shape they desired, before inviting definite action
upon it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I learn that some gen-
tlemen so voted, with inexpressible pleasure.
Now, sir, to return. I say that the gentlemen
who have introduced radical measures into Con-
