176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26.
isliable for certain acceptances issued by Secretary
Floyd to Majors, Russe)!, & Waddell, and pur-
chased by them, and requesting him to inquire into
the facts and the law of the case, and report his
opinion to the Senate at its next session. The At-
torney General says that while it would afford him
the utmost pleasure to comply with the request of
the Senate, he feels compelled, following the pre-
cedents established by his predecessors, to decline
compliance with it on the ground that in the ab-
sence of any statutory authority to give official
opinions to the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, the assumption of such a power by him
would be in violation of his oath of office and of
dangerous example. (See opinions of Attorneys
General Wirt and Crittenden.) But assuming
that the Attorney General may find sufficient sanc-
tion for the assumption of this power ill the re-
quest of a branch of the Government so exalted
as the Senate of the United States, he is not pro-
vided by law with the means of obtaining the in-
formation desired. The resolution requests the
Attorney General to inquire into the facts and the
law of the case, &c. The only statutory provi-
sion which authorized him to give opinions was
in the act of September 24,1789. That act di-
rected him to give his advice and opinion on
questions of law when required by the President
of the United States, or requested by the head of
any of the Departments. Being thus limited to
giving opinions on matters of law, he had not
been clothed with power to investigate matters of
fact. However strongly his own feelings might
incline him to accept the commission with which
the Senate had honored him, the want of power to
execute it effectively compelled him to decline it.
Mr. HALE. This communication involves a
pretty important question in relation to the priv-
ileges of the body, and it certainly is very import-
ant in reference to the rights of the claimants, who
allege that they have a legal and equitable claim
against the Government, which has been before
the Senate, and the Senate have given it this di-
rection. My own impression about the opinion
of the A ttorney General is that it is technical, and
partakes more of the nature of a special plea than
it should have dbne. I will forbear any comment
on it at present; and as it is a very important ques-
tion, I will ask that the opinion be laid on the
table, and printed for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, It be to
meet on Thursday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 2fi, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and
approved.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next, and when the Senate adjourns on
Monday next it be to meet on Thursday next.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented three petitions of cit-
izens of Clayton county, Iowa, praying the estab-
lishment of a tri-weckly mail route from the city
of McGregor, through Elkadee, to Strawbeiry
Point, by the way of Volga City, in said county
of Clayton, Iowa; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Thomas Gales
Foster and others, of Washington city, District of
Columbia, praying for the passage of an act mak-
ing homoeopathic surgeons eligible to at least one
eighth of the regular appointments in the Army
and Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Morn-
ing Sun, Iowa, praying the establishment of a
daily mail to connect with the daily line at Dodge-
ville, and the discontinuance of the mail from
Wappels to Mount Pleasant, Iowa; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented five petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a daily mail
from Dodgeville to Columbus City, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented four petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying the location of a national armory
at Rock Island, Illinois; which were laid upon the
table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Watcrtown, Massachusetts, praying the total
abolition of slavery throughout the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of A.
Showalter and others, of the town of Vermillion,
Illinois, for the establishment of a national arm-
ory on Rock Island; which was laid on the table.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Illinois, praying the total abolition of slavery
throughout the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Dr.
K. Fretz and other citizens of Iowa, praying the
passage of a law by Congress establishing a na-
tional armory at Rock Island, in the State of Illi-
nois; which was laid on the table.
He also presented three petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying the abolition of slavery through-
out the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill declaring all persons to
be alien enemies who have taken any part in the
government of the so-called southern confederate
States, or any operations or business connected
with it, and all persons who have joined the army
or navy, or any military organization or naval
expedition of said confederation, or gotten up by
its authority, or in its name against the United
States, and all persons giving aid and comfort to
the said confederation in the war which it is now
waging against the United States; and all such
persons to have forfeited to the United States their
whole property and estate of every description,
including debts, choses in action, and every legal
and equitable right, whether in possession or ex-
pectancy. Also, giving to all loyal citizens, and
other persons friendly to the United States, alien
upon the property and estate, debts, choses in
action, and all other rights so declared to be for-
feited, to indemnify and make satisfaction to them
for any injury they may have sustained in their
persons, or pecuniary loss they may have suf-
fered by the interruptions of their business, or by
any forfeiture, confiscation, seizure, conversion,
destruction, or damage of their property, debts,
&c., by the said confederate government, or any
person or persons acting by its authority or in its
name.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Orderci, That the Secietary transmit to the Pension
-Office the petition and papeis of Catherine Shepherd on
the files of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,
announcing that he had approved and signed on
the 24th instant,
An act (S. No. 83) relative to courts-martial in
the Army; and
An act (S. No. 84) to provide for allotment cer-
tificates among the volunteer forces.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was refened the resolution to print
five hundred copics of the charges, testimony,
and finding of the court of inquiry in the case of
Colonel Dixon S. Miles, reported in favor of
printing; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the President of the United States to establish a
provisional government in each of the districts of
country embraced within the limits of the confed-
erated States of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, and Ten-
nessee, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
SURRENDER OF MESSRS. MASON AND SLIDELL.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
a resolution which I desire to submit to the Sen-
ate, and of which I ask the immediate considera-
tion. I do not know whether the Senate willdeem
it prudent to adopt it this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. If I am not mistaken, it has been
the practice of the Senate for Senators to accom-
pany resolutions which they present with explana-
tory remarks relative to the character of the res-
olution which they offer. I, however, submit
myself to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the usual course of
business has been to offer the resolution that it
may be read, and the Senate may know what it
is. The question then recurs on its considera-
tion. Any other course will interfere with the
rules and practice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that the precedents are not as the
Senator from New Hampshire states them to be.
A Senator can present a memorial under the rules
and state the purport of the memorial, and on
various occasions a very wide latitude is taken on
the presentation of petitions. The same is true
in relation to the presentation of reports from
committees; but a resolution is not before the
Senate until it has been read.
Mr. HALE. Of course I shall not raise any
point of order; but I think, on reflection, the old-
est Senators on this floor will agree with me that
the piactice has been otheiwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I never knew it to be done in
my life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nor I.
Mr. HALE. I never thought I should ever
live to be put in the position in which I could say
that I knew more than the Senators from Massa-
chusetts and Maine. [Laughter.] I will, how-
ever, send the resolution to the Chair that it may
be read to the Senate for information.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested (if not incompatible with the public interest) to
transmit to tlie Senate copies of dis-patches and inductions
which have passed between this Government and the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, or between the Government or
any of its functionaries, relative to the seizure of Messis.
Mason and Siidell on board the steamer Trent, to be trans-
nutted either m open or executive session, as he may judge
be&t.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the consideration
of the resolution.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator from Massachu-
setts objects, of course I have nothing to say on
that subject; but I move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the Senate agreed to adjourn to
Monday next, and I will give a reason why I
think theSenateshouldremaminsession. I think,
Mr. President, it will be imprudent to adjourn
over while the affairs of these United Status in
relation to Great Britain remain in such a critical
position as they are at the present moment; and
I deem it the duty of even so humble an individ-
ual as myself to express some ideas on that sub-
ject at this time.
I learn from the public press, and we hear from
those who are supposed to stand in more confi-
dential relations with this Administration than I
do, (the reason why I do not stand in more confi-
dential relations with the Administration cannot,
I am sure, be laid at my door. I have been as will-
ing to be in confidential relations as anybody,
but they have chosen to confide in somebody else,
[laughter,] and I am sure,sir,I do notcomplain,)
[renewed laughter,] that a subject is engaging the
attention of the Administration which demands
the attention of every member of this body. I
believe that the Cabinet to-day and yesterday
and for some days past have had under consid-
eration a measure which involves more of good
or evil to this country than anything that has
ever occurred before—I mean the surrender, on
the demand of Great Britain, of the persons of
Messrs. Siidell and Mason. To my mind, a more
fatal act could not mark the history of this coun-
