3118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. FOSTER. With the consent of the Senator
from Illinois, I move that this bill be postponed
for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is opposition to it,
I have no objection to that motion. If the Senator
from Missouri designs callingfor a division orraak-
i g any particular opposition to the bill, I shall
consent that it go over.
Mr. HENDERSON. I prefer that it should
lie over. I have not examined the bill-.
Mr. FOSTER. By unanimous consent, it may
be laid aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
done, there being no objection.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of importing
merchants in the city of New York, praying that,
in the proposed increase of the duties on imports,
merchandise in bond or on shipboard on the 1st
day of August next, may not be affected; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. FOSTER. I move tn take up for consid-
eration the bill (H. R. No. 438) to grant pensions.
It was referred to the Committee on Pensions in
this body, and reported back some time since witli
amendments./ It will take some time to read the
bill and go over the amendments; and I hope the
Senate will be willing to go over the bill in that
way, and, unless there should be objection, pass
the bill. At all events, wo may go over a consid-
erable amount of detail at this time, and thus get
the bill in a condition to be passed eai'ly in llie
week; there being, I am persuaded, no bill which
will commend itself to the Senate more generally
than this. It interests more pinsons whom we nil
feel interested in than any other bill before us.
The motion was agreed to; and I he bill was con-
sidered as in Committer of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The bill will be read.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 think it would be bettor to
read the bill by sections,as there are amendments
more or less important in nearly all the sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be stt considered. The first section will bo read.
The Secretary read section one, as follows:
That iI'hiiv tililcor, lum-eommUiilonud officer, musician,
or prima 01 llie Army, Including Haulms, volunteers,mat
militia, or any officer, non-com missioned otluN-r, musician,
noamfui,ordinary Keamftn,liotilln man, murine, cU-rk, lands-
man, pilot, or oilier person In the Navy or marl tin coips, has
b«u , *inet  tho 4th day of March, 1861, or shall hcu>aft<r
bo, disabled by reason ol* any wound received or disease
contracted winllo in the service of the United States anil
l t the Jlmvofduty, in; shall, upon milking dm; ptoof ofthe
fact according to Mich forms and insulations as are or may
be provided by or in pursuance of law, bo placed upon the
lift of invalid pensmnsof liio Untied States,and bo entitled
to receive, for the highest rate of disability, mull petition
riH in hoielmtfier piovtded in such cases, arid for an inferior
disability an amount pioportimmte to the highest disability,
to commence us heieluaiter ptovided, and continue during
the existence ofhueb disability. The pen&lonfora total dis-
ability for officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
und privates employed in the military service of the United
States, whether r«gulara> volunteers, or mllltm, and in the
marine corps, mhull be as follows, namely: lieutenant col-
onel, and all officers ofn htyher rank, $30 per month; ma-
jor, §§5 per month; inptaln, $20 per month; fiist lieuten-
ant, $17p#rmonth ; wecond lieutenant, $15 per month ; and
«on-eominl8 lonod officers, musicians, and privates, ,$8 per
month. Tho pension for total disability for officers, non-
commissioned otfiem^, and others employed in tho naval
service of the United States, shall l s as follow?, namely:
captain, commander, lieutenant commanding, and master
commanding. $'!0 per month; lieutenant, chief engineer,
surgeon, and passed assistant surgeon, $*25 per month ; pio-
fessor of mathematics, as>isUmtsurjj«on, chaplain, paymas-
ter, and master, $20 per month; first a^iMant engineers,
pilots, and assistant paymasters, .$15 per month ; teaehor,
schoolmaster, passed mid^npmau, midshipman, captain's
and paymaster's eletk, second and third assistant engineer,
nmstei's mate, and all warrant officers, .$10 per month ; all
other petty officers, and nil other persons before named em-
ployed in the naval service,$8 per month; and all commis-
sioned oifieeis, of either service, shall icceivc such and onlv
*uch peiwiou as is herein j^ovided for the rank in which
they hold commissions*.
The first amendment of the Committee on Pen-
sions was, in line five, to strike oat the word
"non-commissioned," and to insert the words
" warrant, or petty."
Alt*. FOSTER. That is rather a verbal amend
mem than otherwise. The term {{ non-commis-
sioned "does not apply to naval officers according:
to the usage of that service. What in tho land
service are called non-commissioned officers, in
tho naval service are termed warrant or petty offi-
cers. The amendment merely proposes to use the
terms recognized in each service as appropriate
to it. I hope there will be no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line thirty, to
strike out the word " non-commissioned," and in-
sert u warrant, or petty."
Mr. FOSTER. That iajsimply to correspond
with what I have before suggested.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line thirty-two,
to insert ihe words " surgeon, paymaster, and
chief engineer, respectively, ranking with com-
mander by law."
Mr. FOSTER. That amendment changes
slightly the position in which surgeons, paymas-
ters, and chief engnieets stand in the House bill.
These officers by the House bill are all placed in
one grade, and a pension granted to them cor-
responding to that grade. In the naval service,
surgeons, paymasters, and chief engineers, after a
certain period of service, rank with commanders;
previous to (hat time they rank with lieutenants.
The committee thought that these officers, when
thev ranked with commanders in consequence of
then* length of service, should be entitled to the
pension of commanders. They therefore took
them from the fixed position in which they were
put by the House bill and divided them, putting
those who by law rank with commanders in the
list with commanders, and granting them a pen-
sion accordingly; when they rank with lieutenants,
put them in that list, and grant a pension accord-
ing to their lank by law in the service, it seemed
to' be just to give them corresponding pensions
with officers of their rank.
The amendment was agiecd to.
The next amendment was, in lines thirty-five
and thirty-six, to strike out tho woids " chief en-
gineer, suigcon," and to insert, " surgeon, pay-
master, and chief engineer, respectively, ranking
with houtmmnt by law."
Mr. FOSTER. This is the same that I before
suggested.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-nine,
after the word "mathematics," to insert " mas-
ter," and after the word "surgeon," to insert
"assistant paymaster and."
Mr. FOSTER. These officers were omitted in
the House bill, and we have placed them in the
position where by law they rank.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty, to strike
out the words " paymaster and master."
Mr. FOSTER. It becomes necossary to have
these words atrioken out, because they are in-
serted at an earlier stage of the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being a verbal
amendment, it will be regarded as agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-one, after
the word " engineers," to insert the word " and,"
and after the word " pilots" to strike out the
words " and assistant paymaster;" and after the
word " month,"in the forty-second line, to strike
out the words " teacher, schoolmaster."
Mr. FOSTER. The first portion of the amend-
ment is necessary to make the bill correspond with
itself; and strikingout" teacher,schoolmaster,"is
necessary because those officers are now unknown
in the naval service. Other officers are sometimes
detailed for duties that were formerly performed
by teachers and schoolmasters, but if so, they
would be provided for by the bill in other portions
of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. One other amendment should
be made in that section. In the forty-sixth line, I
move to strike out the word "other," the first
word in the line. It now reads :
And all wariant officers, ten dollars per month ; all other
petty officers, and all other persons before named employed
in the naval service, eight dollars per month.
It should read:
And all wairant officers, ten dollars per month; all petty
officers, and all other persons before named, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
amendment will be made.
The Secretary read section two, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted t That if any officer or
other*porson named m the first section of this act has died
since th$ 4th day of Mutch, 1861, or shall hereafter die, by
reason of any wound received or disease contracted while
in the serviec of the United States,and in the line of duty,
his widow, or if there be no widow, his child or children
under eighteen years ot age, shall beentitled to receive the
same pension as the husband or father would have been en-
titled tohad he been totally disabled, to commence from the
death of the husband or father, and to continue to the widow
during her widowhood, or to the child oi chikheu until they
severally attain to the age of eighteen years, and no longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is proposed
to amend this section by striking out in the seventh
line and in the thirteenth line, respectively, the
word " eighteen," and to insert "sixteen."
Mr. FOSTER. The object of this amendment
is to limit the period to which the children of those
entitled to pensions should receive them to six-
teen, instead of extending the period to eighteen
years of age. Existing laws where pensions are
granted to children, restrict them to the period of
sixteen years of age. We thought that at the pres-
ent time we certainly ought not to enlarge this
period. The country was not in«a condition to
extend this bounty, and the committee thought,
in order to make this bill in harmony with pre-
vious laws, it should be confined to the age of six-
teen, and not extended to eighteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section three, as follows:
Sec. 3. And heit fm ther enacted^ That where any officer
or other person named in the section of this act shall
have died subsequently to the 4th day of March, 1861, or
shall thereafter die, hy reason of any wound received or
disease contracted while in the service of the United States,
and in the line of duty, and lias not left or shall not leave a
widow nor legitimate child, but has left or shall leave a
mother who wa<- dependent upon him for suppoit, m whole
or m part,the mother shall be entitled to receive the same
pension a* such otiicei oi othei person would have been en-
titled to had he been totally disabled; which pension shall
commence fimri the death ofthe officei or other person dying
as afoiesaid: Provided, hou-cvcr, That if such mother shall
herself be in receipt oi a pension a*- a widow, in virtue of
the piovi-ton-. ofthe second section ot this act, in that case
no pen.-ion oi allowance shall he gianted to hcronaccount
of her son, unless she eives up the other pension or allow-
ance : .hid p-tovidcd further, That the pension given to the
mothei .•.!! aecountof hersonshall terminate on her marriage:
And jno tided further, That nothing herein shall be so con-
sumed as to entitle the mother of an officei or other person
dying, hp afoiesaid, to more than one pension at the same
time under the piovisions of this act.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is proposed to this section.
The Secretary read section four, as follows:
See. 4. Andhc it further enacted, Thatwhcie any officer
or other person named m the first section of this act shall
have died subsequently to the 4th day of March, 3861, or
shall hereafter die, hy reason of any wound received or dis-
ease contiacted while in the service, of the United States,
and in the line of duty, and has not left or shall not leave
n widow, nor legitimate child, nor mother, but has left or
mav leave an orphan sister or sisters, under eighteen years
of age, who were dependent upon liirn for support, in whole
or in pan, such sistei or sisteis shall be entitled to re-
ceive the wine pension as such officer orothei person would
have been entitled to had he been totally disabled; which
pension to said orphan shall commence from the death of
the officer or other person dying as afoiesaid, and shall con-
tinue to the said orphans until they severally arrive at the
age of eighteen years, and no longer : Provided, however,
That nothing heiein shall be so construed as to entitle said
orphan* to more than one pension at the same time, under
the provisions of this act.
The first amendment of the committee was in
lines nine and sixteen, respectively,to strike out
" eighteen" and insert " sixteen."
Mr. FOSTER. That amendment is on the
same principle that the period was limited to six-
teen years of age in children. It was extended
to eighteen where sisters were concerned, and the
amendment ought to be made to make the bill con-
sistent with itself.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the section the following:
And provided further, That no moneys shall be paid to
the widow, or children, or any lions of any deceased sol-
dier on aceomitof bounty, back pay, or pension, who have
in any way been engaged in or who have aided or abetted
the existing icbclhon in the United States; but the light
of such disloyal widow or children, heir or heirs ot such
soldier, shall be vested m the loyal heir or heirs of the de-
ceased, if any there be.
Mr. FOSTER. * It is presumable that no per-
son can be opposed to that proviso. It simply
provides that no persons who are disloyal shall
receive the bounty of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth section was read,as follows:
Sec 5. Andbcil further enacted, That the widow of any
volunteer who shall hereafter be killed, or die of wounds
received or disease contracted while m the military service
of the United States during the present rebellion, and be-
fore receiving the bounty herein provided for, and if no
widow, tho minor child or children, if any there be, and
if no minor child or children, then the mother, and if no
