1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
gress, although they support the new policy with
great zeal, will notchoose to abandon them when
the President calls upon them to do so. If he
thinks so, then he has been misled in that regard.
There is the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] the leader of the House of Represent-
atives, and he will not give up his policy to the
President. I ask him whether he will surrender
his proposition of confiscation and emancipation?
I give him an opportunity to say whether he will
or not.
Mr. STEVENS. Out of respect to the gentle-
man, I will, of course, answer him. Whenever
the President of the United States or anyone else
convinces me that I am wrong, then I will give
it up. Until then, the gentleman will find me
pursuing the course I have commenced.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I expected nothing else
than the candid answer which the gentleman has
given. I merely appealed to him as testimony to
show that this compromise of the President of the
United States cannot be made effective. Even if
we would consent 111 Kentucky to go for gradual
emancipation, the .scheme would not satisfy men
like the gentleman from Pennsylvania and others
who are too influential in the councils of the Gov-
ernment. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] said in his speech as to how this war
should be conducted, and how these taxes should
be expended:
" Prejudice may be shocked, weak minds startled, weak
neives may ti enible, Imilhey inu-thear and adoptu. Those
who now luini.sh tin* moans ot war, but who aie the nat-
ural enemies ot slaveholder* must be made our allies. Uni-
versal emancipation mu&t be proclaimed to all."
And again he says:
11 If an effectual eoui.se is not to be pursued for fear of
offending bolder State iriend^, better submit at once, and,
if wo cannot save our honor, save, at least, the lives and
treasure ot the nation."
The gentleman avows that is his opinion still.
This " weak water gruel" of the President, as he
calls it, will not touch the secrctions of his polit-
ical system. It does not go far enough.
I observe, also, that my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] has advocated this scheme of univer-
sal emancipation m the bordet States. 1 will take
an extract from his speech as published in the
Globe to show where he stands:
" Why should not tins legislation be evtonded so as to
authouze the seiztne and confiscation to the public use of
ai! the pioperty, leal and peisonaJ. tnonej-s, troods, stocks,
ci edits, and effects of the- e lebel enemies, their aideis and
abettor*, whetever loiintl, who shall pei-ist in the K'bei-
hon? This propeity letained by the enemy is an element
ot strength. Why .should not "the {$3u0.uuu,uuu worth of
cotton, eoiri, uce, sugar, and tobacco, now poi-se-^x d by the
enemy, and to them a means of subsistence and a Imms of
credit, be declaied ioifeited by law, and Mibjocf to seizure
and confiscation by join i ouits to the public u*e 5 Why
should notth-' ffUile land- of enemy, as, fast as they
aie wrested fiom them by our aims, be by law subjected to
the occupancy of loyal e.tizens, that bj honest eiiltiue they
maybe made to wold then annual tribute to the national
Tieatury r And above all, *ir, why should not the four mil-
lions, ot Slaves held by these lebels, and by whose unpaid
toil tins icbelhon waged by halt a million of mutors ni arms
m fcUstainedj be by a lawof C'ongiesS declaied fi< emeu,and
forevei ielea ed fiom their unwilling servitude?"
And again:
a But, it is said such a law w ill not, as to the lebHs' slaves
be effective. Why not ? Is it because the knowledge of the
fact cannot reach these slaves? Pass your law simply de-
claims them freemen, and that they shall, if they fly to \ our
standaid, receive the protection of \ our Aimy, and the jov-
ful news will in ten days leach every slave ill the Repub-
lic, by means of that human telegiapn whose living net-
work oveihes every .slave plantation, and is woven of the
laceiated heart-stimgs of the victims of this internal atroc-
ity."
That will show this House that the gentleman
from Ohio will give but a light support to the
policy of the Admimstiation. So it is with rcgaid
to a large portion of the gentlemen who an found
so anxious and pressing to have this proposition
adopted by the border States. Those arc the gen-
tlemen who obstinately refused to let us say a
word on the subject when the proposition was
offered to us of the border. Here, too, is the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Fessexden.] He looks
to the usurpation by the Federal Government of
the rights reserved to the States, to begin with the
emancipation of the slaves of rebels first, but aim-
ing to reach the slaves of the Union men sooner
or later. I will give an oppoi tunity to those gen-
flpmen to say whether they will give up those
schemes which they have advocated here for'the
Pi,>sdeiit's policy. None of them speak. They
will not. I declare, therefore, that the President
has made a mistake. To see that, we have only
to recur to the reasoning contained in this mes-
sage. The President says:
In the annual message last J)cccmber, I thought fit to
suy 4 the Union must be* picseived; and hence all indis-
pensable means must be employed.' I said this not hastily,
but deliberately."
And again, speaking of the incidents and ruin
which cannot be foreseen if the war continues, he
says:
"Such as may seem indispensable, or may obviously
promise great efficiency toward ending the struggle, must
aiul w\U come."
Then he asks the men of the border—
" Whether the pecuniary consideration tendered would
not be of more value to the States and private peibons con-
cerned than are the institution and propeity m it, in the
piesent aspect of affairs ?"
And again he tells us, speaking of the initiation
of emancipation in the border States:
"The Fedeinl Government would find its highest inter-
est in such a measine, as one of the most efficient means
ofsell'-pieservation."
Suppose the proposition of the President is
adopted by Congress, and it meets unexpectedly
with any favor in Kentucky,it is provided by the
constitution of that State that the Legislature shall
not consider the question for four years afteritis
mooted. I doubt not that the other slave States
have constitutional provisions for considering this
matter in conventions. It will, therefore, take
years to "initiate" emancipation; yet it is to
"shorten the struggle.'5 Will that shorten the
struggle now going on, to go through the process
suggested by the President? It is to shorten the
struggle by initiating the movement in the border
States. The President tells us that it is of the
highest interest to the Federal Government as the
most efficient means of its self-preservation. But
it will be rejected by the border States. I reject it
now. I utterly spit nf and despise it, tendered as
it is by the Federal Government in a dark and
stormy moment like this; by this the strongest
Government that the world ever saw, with the
purse-xtrings wide open and the sword grasped by
no feeble hand. Tendered under these circum-
stances, and in the face of our Constitution and
in the face of our prejudices, I regard it as the
most fatal measure that could be thrown befoie
the Ameiican people for agitation at such a time
as this.
Why, sir, they call me an abolitionist in,my
State. [Laughter.] The Democrats down there
have been abusing ine for years as an abolition-
ist. I was not tk sound'5 on the question of sla-
very. I was brought up at the feet of Henry Clay,
who ni \oi taught anything which 1 did not be-
lieve. 1 believed that he was the greatest man in
the tides of time. A son of the people and of the
lower orders, he rose from that humble condition;
j and he dragged his class, my class, up with him,
and proved to all the world the inherent nobility
of human nature, superior to hereditary rank and
artificial distinctions. He weaned me away from
my father's political faith, and I yield to none in
veneration tor his memory. He tried to secure
emancipation in Kentucky as far back, I believe,
as 1798; he was known to lament the existence of
the institution, but he said also that he never saw
the scheme of emancipation in Kentucky that he
would give his consent to. 1 say the same. De-
terminedly he opposed Federal interference; so do
I his humble follower.
Two hundred and twenty-five thousand con-
tented and happy creatures, of humble mental ca-
pacity, and of an inferior race, are in our midst.
The native tiibes from which they sprang are still
m Africa, naked savages, wandering m the woods,
ot offered as sacrificcs upon the giave of the King
of Dahomey to appease the manes of his father.
They know not God. All the arts of civilization
are unknown to them. Their brethren m this
country we have never degraded and we never
propose to degrade them. We have elevated them
fiom that barbarous condition to as high a point,
perhaps, as their humble capacity will permit
them to reach. As the Anglo-Saxon race con-
tinues its grand march to the goal of civilization,
lessening the distance between eui th and Heaven,
this mtenor uice will march with it, and m the
providence of God and by his means now undis-
I closed to man, perform, it may he, a moiclinpoi t-
'i ant port in the vorand drama of Jife than it now
ji does. My feeble eyes cannot see it; I know what
ij the African has performed in his own countiy
i! left to himself, and I know what he has performed
in this country, when left to himself, with the
example even of the white man before him and
around him. I know that if'deserted by the
white race he would soon degenerate into the con-
dition in which our northern and southern ances-
try found him and we now find his brethren in
Africa. We have never done them any wrong,
and we do not intend to do them any wrong, nor
do we. intend to permit these people to do them
any wrong. Born and raised amongst them, we
are attached to them; and should yoti attempt, by
Federal usurpation this day, by your decree, to
strike what you call their " chains" from their
limbs, still wc should feel a love for them and an
interest in them, and thousands and thousands of
us would never permit them to leave our firesides.
And it would be a sad day for them, indeed, when
they heard that you had passed such a decree as
that, and were going to enforce it by Federal bay-
onets, or by accursed Federal usurpations. Do
you think that these Africans would be happy?
Do you think that your philanthropy would be
any compensation to them for the sundering of
all the ties and relations which have surrounded
them through life? No; it is impossible; the
scheme is foolish; and, by Heaven, it is uncon-
stitutional, is unjust.
But that is not the end of it. Suppose these
Slates reject the proffer; and they will reject it;
the President knew it, and everybody knows it;
then comes my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens]—I feel nothing but friendship for him,
and I wish he reciprocated it—and my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam,] who ought to be the friend
of every Kentuckian, and they will say to the
President, "We have sustained your policy and
the border States reject it; you have told us that
it is the most efficient means of self-preservation,
and that that which promises great efficiency must
and will come. Now, in order to deprive the
cotton States of the hope that these half-loyal
States (as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] termed them last evening) will join
them m that contingency which you are expect-
ing, and as an ' efficient means of self-preserva-
tion,'we demand forcible emancipation; you have
pledged yourself to the ptinciple; you have gone
one mile, you must go twain; we have your cloak,
you must give us your coat also; you must come
to the plain ground on which we stood in the be-
ginning—no compromise with slaveholders, loyal
or disloyal; there is an irrepressible conflict, and
a house divided against itself cannot stand. Now,
we do not cxpecfthe house to fall, but we do ex-
pect it to cease tobe divided.'' They will talk to the
President in that way. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] nods approval, and yet he wonders I
did not embrace this proposition the moment it
came into the House. He thinks that I ought to
have taken it without debate and without con-
sideration, and gone to the people of Kentucky,
already ruined by this war, with no cotton man-
ufactures, with no manufacturing of shoes or
shoddy, with no fraudulent contracts and no cor-
ruption fund to supply the sad wants which the
war hasen tailed upon them; cutoff from their trade
with the southern States, and cut off from their
trade with foreign nations, by the destruction of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad—he expects me,
I say, to go to them and ask them to give up a por-
tion of the necessaries of life to carry out this policy
of State emancipation by Federal treasure. Sir,
he does not value this Union as I value it: no man
does who would press this fatal measure upon us
now.
These gentlemen say that there is not a slave-
holder but what prefers slavery to his God. I
have no sympathy with that profanation of the
sacred name of the Author of our existence; it is
founded on infidelity; it springs from an infidel
heart. You say we prefer slavery to ouv God, to
the Union, to the Constitution. Tell me how you
will abolish slavery by Federal usurpation and
preserve the Constitution ? Tell me how you will
raise an issue between the Constitution and sla-
very ? No, gentlemen—no, Mr. Chairman, I do
not prefer any earthly possession to the Consti-
tution- This is no idle declaration. I know gen-
tlemen say, " you will give your lives to preserve
it, but not your slaves." That is a mistake. We
wjil give them and give them freely whenever you
need them to carry on the war, to dig your trenches
or drive your wagons, or take any part in the war
which is authorized by Christian principles or by
