1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3119
mother, then the father, of such deceased soldier, shall re-
ceive in addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, the
bounty of $100, authorized by the sixth section of an act
entitled " An act to authorize the employmentof volunteers
-   only c. „v,vvU«v„.
And no moncya shall be paid to such or to any heirs of any
deceased soldier on account of bounty, back pay, or pen-
sion, who have in any way been engaged in oi Who have
aided or abetted the existing lobcllton m the United States ;
but the right ot such disloyal heir or heirs of such soldier
shall bo vested in the loyal heir or heirs of the deceased,
if any theie be, in the ouier above named.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tec propose to strike out this section.
Mr. FOSTER. The committee were deposed
to strike out that section, because it is connected
mainly with the construction of the sixth scction
ot the act of22d of July last, in relation to which
a bill was brought before the Senate this morning
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and passed, providing for the mode in which
that bounty should be distributed among the heirs
of those entitled to it. Thisscction wouldbein con-
flict with that, and the committee had previously
thought it advisable that this bill should be con-
fined to pensions and not apply to the construc-
tion of the lawgiving bounty, and they therefore
recommended that the section be stricken out.
The motion to strike out the section was agreed
to.
The Secretary read section six, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jiml le it further enacted, That pensions which
may be granted, in puisuancc of the provisions of this act,
to persons who may iiave been, oi shall be, employed in the
militaiy oi naval sciviee of the United States, shall com-
mence on the day of the discharge of such persons in all
cases in which the application lor such pensions is filed
within one year al'tei the date of said dischaigo; and in
eases in which the application is not iileddunngsaid year,
pensions gianted to persons employed as afoiesaid shall
commence on the day ofihe films of' the application.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is proposed to this section.
The Secretary read section seven, which the
committee proposed to strike out, as follows:
Sue. 7. And he it further enacted, Thar the fees of agent*
and atioiii*;y< for making our and causing to be executed
ihe paper- m ce^aiy to establish a clmm for a pension,
bounty, and other allowance, belore the tension Office un-
dei this act, shall not, iweced the following intes; lor mak-
ing out and causing to be duly executed a declaiation by
the app!leant, with the nece-sary affidavits, and forwarding
the same lo the Pension Office, with ihe requisite coue-
spondenec, live dollars. In eases wherein additional testi-
mony is imputed by tin I'ounnissionct of Pensions, toi
each affidavit soicquhed and executed and foi warded, (ex-
cept the affidavits oi surgeons, for which such agents and
attorneys shall not he entitled to any fees,) $L 5U.
Mr. FOSTER. The object of that section is
certainly a very laudable and most desirable one;
and that is to prevent extortionate chargcs on the
part of those who may perforin the clerical duty
and the attorney's duty of making application at
the Departmental- pensions undertheact. There
have been, no doubt, a great many eases of gross
imposition practiced by agents upon persons thus
applying; and if we could remedy it by law it
would be our duty as well, I am sure, as our
pleasure to do it. The committee, however,
thought it would be impracticable to remedy the
evil in this manner. In the first place, there is a
difficulty which we felt in establishing a tariff of
fees for services of this sort, either professional
or otherwise, as between party and party. It is
taking,to some extent, the overseers!)ip ofindivid-
uals, and seems to imply that they are not com-
petent to take care of themselves, and make their
own contracts. That is an assumption which
Congress should be slow to take upon itself m re-
gard to the citizens of the country.
Again, fixing as this section does,a maximum
sum, it of course fixes a sum less than which will
not be charged in any case, even although it might
he too high. It would, therefore, if carried out,
do injustice in cases where the charge was too
much, and the committee are not prepared to say
but tiiat under some circumstances it would be
too little. Indeed, everybody must see, that to fix
a precisc sum winch shall do anything hke exact
justice in all cases is out of the question, for the
amount of service to be rendered must vary with
each case, and to fix a given price is arbitrary,
and must be unjust. Wc did not believe that we
should really promote public justice by fixing a
gj von rate, hut thought it better to leave it to parties
to make theirown contracts. If, after all that has
been said, people will not be on their guard and
employ proper persons at proper rates, the fault
is not in Congress. The cases must be very few
where persons entitled to pensions under this act
will not know that if they employ strangers, per-
sons unknown to them, they will be in danger of
being fleeced out of their hard earnings. They
will have an opportunity to employ persons whom
they do know, and who will charge reasonable
fees if they charge anything for their services.
We thought it better, therefore, to make no pro-
vision in the bill on this point, and to recommend
that the section be stricken out.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eighth section, which
the committee proposed to strike out, as follows:
Sfc. 8. And be it fuUher enacted, That any agent or at-
torney who shall, dnectly or inducctly,demand or receive
any greater compensation for his services under this act
than is prescribed in the pieeeding section of this act, or
who shall contract oi agree to prosecute any claim for a
pension, bounty, oi other allowance under this act, on the
condition that he shall icceive a per cent, upon, or any por
uon of the amount of such claim, or who shall wiongtully
withhold from a pensioner or other claimant the whole or
any part of the pension or claim allowed and due to such
pensioner or claimant, shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall, for every
such offense, be fined not exceeding $300, or imprisoned at
hard labor not exceeding two years, or both, according to
the circumstances and aggravations ol the offense.
Mr. FOSTER. A portion of the section, of
course, must be stricken out, in order to make the
bill in harmony; but a portion of the section, I
think, notwithstanding the committee propose to
strike out the whole, had better stand. I think
that part of the scction which makes it penal for
an agent wrongfully to withhold from a pensioner
or other claimant the whole or any part of the
pension or claim allowed and due to such pen-
sioner or claimant, should stand; for it is certainly
possible that there may be cases where the agent
will receive the money; and if he is a totally irre-
sponsible person, if he fails to pay it over, it will
he lost to those entitled to it, and there will he
nothing left but the ordinary action to recover
money leeeived to the use of the party, which, if
flip agent were dishonest and worthless', lie would
laugh at. I think, therefore, there ought lo be a
provision making the withholding of the money
under such circumstances a misdemeanor, and
punishable. I propose, then, instead of striking
out the whole scction, to strike out all after the
word " shall," in the second line, down to and
including the word " shall," in the eighth line;
so that the section will then read," that any agent
or attorney who shall wrongfully withhold from
a pensioner or other claimant," &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment now proposed by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on striking out the section, as amended.
Mr. FOSTER. It should not now be struck
out.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Secretai y read the ninth section, as follows:
Sue. (J. And be it fmthei enacted, That the Commissioner
of Pensions he, and he is heiebv. euipowen'd to appoint,
at his disci etionj civil suiffenns to make the biennial exam-
inations of pensioners which are oi may he requued to he
made by law, and to examine applicants foi invalid pen-
sions. where he shall deem an examination by a Minreon
to be appointed by him necessaiy ; and the fees lor each of
such examinations, and the lequisite eemficate theieof,
shall be ,*$1 50, which fee.-, shall be paid to the suigeon by
the person examined, tot which he shall take ,i teeejpt. and
forward the same to the Pension Office; and upon the al-
lowance of the ehuin ot the pewm examined, the Commis-
sioner ot Pensions shall lurmshto Mich person an otder on
the pension a<jent of his State foi the amount of the sur-
geon's fees: Provided, however, That all examinations of
applwants foi pensions, and of pensioners of whom medical
examinations arc ncce^-aiy or requited by law, shall be
made by a surgeon ol the Aimyoi Navy, if one is stationed
or resides within ten mill's of such applicant or pensioner.
The committee proposed to amend the section
by striking out the proviso in these words:
Piovxded however^ That all examinations ofapphcants for
pension-*, and of pensioners, of whom medical examinations
aie neee-saiy or icquned by law, shall be made by a sur-
geon of the Anny or Navy, if one is stationed or lcsides
within ten miles of such applicant or pensioner.
Mr. FOSTER. The committee thought it im-
politic to insist upon that proviso, which would
make it the duty of an Army or Navy surgeon,
if he resided within ten miles of the place, to attend
to this examination, perhaps to the exclusion or
neglect of other more pressing and more important
duties; and under these circumstances, although
no doubt the surgeons of the Army and the Navy
would be applied to and would perform the duty
in all cases where they were accessible, and where
they could properly ao it,the committee thought
it would be injurious to insist in. all cases on their
doing it, if they chanced to be within ten miles of
the place, and therefore recommended the striking
out of the proviso.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Secretary read section ten, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, on application made to him in person
oi by Jetter by any claimants or applicants for pension,
bounty, or other allowance lequired by law to be adjusted
and paid by the Pension Office, shall furnish such claimants,
fiee of all expense to them, all such printed injunctions and
forms as may be necessary m establishing and obtaining said
claim ; and in case such claim is prosecuted by an a^ent or
attorney of such claimant or applicant, on the issue of a
eemficate of pension or the granting ol a bountv or allow-
ance, the Commissioner ot Pensions shall forthwith notify
the applicant or claimant that f.uch certificate has been is-
sued oi allowance made, and the amount thereof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amendment
is proposed to this section. The committee pro-
pose at this point to insert two new sections, which
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the pilots, engi-
neers, sailor^, and crews upon the gunboats and war ves-
sels ot the United Suites, who have been regulaily mus-
teied into the service of the United States, shall be entitled
to the same bounty allowed to poisons of corresponding
tank in the naval service, provided they continue in service
to the elosc oi the piesent war ; and all pcisons serving as
aforesaid, who have been or may be wounded or incapaci-
tated for service, shall be entitled to receive for such disabil-
ity the pension allowed by the provisions of this act, to those
of like rank, and each and eveiy such person shall receive
pay accoidingto coircspondm« lank in the naval service :
Piuiided, That no person receiving pension or bounty un-
dei the provisions ot this act shall icceive, eithei pension or
bounty for any other service in ihe present war.
Si:c. —. And be itjurther enactcd, That the widowsand
hejis of all poisons de.-eiibed m the last preceding section
who have been and may be employed as afotev.iid, oi who
have been ni may be killed m battle, or ol those who have
died or shall die of uounds received while so employed,
shall he paid the hount> and pension allowed by the pro-
visions ot tins act, aecoiding lo lank, as piovuied in the
last pieeedin:; section.
Mr. FOSTER. These two sections comprise
the subsiunce ol a House bill which was passed
and sent to us, and we thought that instead of be-
ing ni n separate bill it had better be attached to
this hill hy way of amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eleventh section of the
bill, which the committee propose to strike out,
as follows:
Rko. H ^'htd be it further enacted, That hereafter all
claims loi pensions, bounties, and othei allowances in the
Aimy and Navyot the United States, other than aneais
of tegular pay, shall be filed and adjudicated in the: Pension
Office in the same manner a-  invalid pensions aie adjudi-
cated theiein, and none of said claims, except those lor
aire.ar- ot regular pav, shall be adjudicated by the Second
Auditor of the Tiea&uiy I)epai tment
Mr. 1'OSTLR. This section proposes to make
a change m the ofllce where this business is done,
and it would induce a considerable amount of dif-
ficulty and confusion, anil besides, as there are
already a large number of claims filed in the office
winch is here proposed to be changed, it would
make it necessary lor all those persons, now
amounting to some thousands, to hie new appli-
cations m the new office which this hill would
make the proper one for receiving them. The
committee did not think H advisable under these
circumstances, and, indeed, for other reasons, to
make any change, but to leave the law on that
subject as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary lead the twelfth section, which
the committee propose to strike out, as follows:
Src. 12 And he it further cnaclcd. That so much of the
sivth section ot said act of July 22, 1861, and all other laws,
as ma\ be inconstant with the pi ovisions of this act, shall
be, and they aie heieby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The thirteenth section was lead, as follows:
t*i:c. 115. And he itfuithcr enacted* That the (Jomtiiis-
sionei ot Pensions be, and he i-. hen bv authorized, to ap-
point a special agent for the Pen-ion Office, to assist in the
detection ot irauds against the pen.-ion laws, to cause pel-
sons. committing such liauds to be pio^ecuted. and to dts-
chaige«.uch othei duties as ^aid Commissioner may requne
linn to peil'orrii: winch said agent shall icceive for btsser-
vice.s an annual sakuy of and hi-> actual traveling
expenses incut red in the dischaige of his duties shall be
paid by the Government.
The committee propose to amend the section by
striking outm lines one and two " Commissioner
of Pensions," and inserting '• Secretary of the in-
