THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Tiihity-Se\enth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1862.
New Series...'..No.' 12^"
try—an act that would surrender at once to the
arbitrary demand of Great Britain all that was
won in the Revolution, reduce us to the position
of a second-rate Power, and make us the vassal
of Groat Britain. I would go as far as any rea-
sonable man would go for peace, but no further.
I would not be unwilling to submit this subject to
the arbitration of any of the great Powers of Eu-
rope; but I would not submit to the arbitrary, the
absolute demand of Great Britain, to surrender
these men, and humble our flag even to escape
from a war with Great Britain. No man would
make more honorable concessions than I would
to preserve the peace-, but sometimes pcace is less
honorable and more calamitous than war. The
Administration which is now in power ought to
know what the feeling of the country is. If my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Lane] will permit me,
I will repeat what he said to me this morning at
the breakfast table. [Mr. Lane assented.] The
honorable Senator said, the State of Indiana has
now sixty thousand men in the field, and she
would double that number in sixty days if a war
with Great Britain should be brought about. I
have seen many gentlemen, and I have seen none,
not a man can be found, who is in favor of this
surrender; for it would humiliate us in the eyes
of the world, irritate our own people,and subject
us to their indignant scorn. If we are to have
war with Great Britain, it will not be because we
refuse to surrender Messrs. Mason and Slidell;
that is a mere pretense. If war shall come it will
be because Great Britain has determined to force
war upon us. They would humiliate us first
and fight us afterwards. If we are to be humil-
iated, I prefer to take it after a war, and not be-
fore. It is true, war would be a sacrifice to the
people. I think I see its horrors, its disasters, its
carnage, its blood, and its desolation; but, sir, let
war come; let your cities be battered down, your
armies be scattered, your fields barren, to pre-
serve untarnished the national honor; a regenera-
ting spirit among your people will restore your
armies, and rebuild your cities, and make fruitful
your fields. Francis the First of France, at the
battle of pavia, his army overthrown and scat-
tered and himself a prisoner, exclaimed, "All is
lost but honor!" That honor preserved then was
the germ of the greatness and the glory of France
to-day. 1 pray that this Administration will not
surrender our national honor. I tell them that
hundreds and thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands will rush to the battle-field, and bare then-
breasts to its perils rather than submit to degra-
dation.
If this Administration will not listen to the
voice of the people, they will find themselves en-
gulfed in a fire that will consume them like stub-
ble; they will be helpless before a power that
will hurl them from their places. If war comes
we shall not, Mr. President, be entirely without
consolation and encouragement. If war shall be
forced upon us, as some gentlemen suppose, we
shall be fighting in a great cause—the cause of
constitutional liberty, whose baptism centuries
ago was in the blood which flowed m England
from the scaffold, and which animates millions
to-day on the face of the earth, even of English-
men, whatever may be the policy of their Admin-
istration. If this war is determined upon in Eng-
land, it will be because it is out of the hands of
statesmen and in those of pettifoggers, who are
called the law officers of the Crown, who, it
seems, can rush us into war. If we are, sir, to
preserve peace, it must be with honor. But if we
are to have war—I do not say that we shall—it
will not be without its advantages. It will be a
war that cannot be carried on without fighting;
and if we only understand our tiue position, we
can proclaim to every man who speaks the Eng-
lish language on God's footstool, the cause for
which we are fighting; and this appeal will reach
the hearts of millions of Englishmen, Irishmen,
and Frenchmen.
We have heard, Mr. President, some fears ex-
pressed that L*ouis Napoleon is taking sides with
England, and that we are to contend with the
12
combined energies of both France and England.
I do not believe it. I believe if Louis Napoleon
harbors one single sentiment, if his action is guided
by one single principle, if he has one single feel-
ing that is predominant over all others, it is to
have a fair field to retrieve the disastrous issue of
Waterloo. And besides, sir, all over this coun-
try, throughout Canada, and in Ireland, there are
hundreds and thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of true-hearted Irishmen who have long
prayed for an opportunity to retaliate upon Eng-
land for the wrongs which for centuries that Gov-
ernment has inflicted upon their fatherland. If we
know our own position and our own strength—I
refer to the strength of principle—there will be
nothing to be afraid of in this contest. If war must
come, let it come; but I tell you, and I do not
pretend to be a prophet, I think the slightest sa-
gacity in public councils will sustain me in the
position that if England enters upon this war, she
will enter upon one of more than doubtful contin-
gency. She will be at war with the spirit of the
age, with the irresistible genius of liberty, and
with the sympathies of her own best people; she
will war with a cause that is dear to the hearts of
: patriots the world over; she will war with a cause
i upon which we may invoke with confidence the
blessings of the God of Liberty, who will not fail
; in His own good time and in His own way to
! vindicate His own cause.
I again say, if this war must come, let it come;
and let us thank God that He has made us the
chosen instrument in His hand to vindicate His
own cause. I withdraw .my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew the motion. The
Senator has made his speech, and he has with-
drawn his motion; he has accomplished his ob-
ject. For myself, Mr. President, I would rather
meet this question, which is certainly a great and
important one, when it is presented in a practical
form. The Senator from New Hampshire has
treated it on a hypothesis; he has said that Great
Britain has made an arrogant demand, and he is
against it. How does he know that? Who in
this Senate knows that? Who in this country
knows it' I do not believe it. lie has said,how-
ever, that he is willing to consent to an arbitra-
tion. How docs he know that this Administration
is not also willing to submit to an arbitration ?
Who here can speak for the Administration on
that point? 1 submit to the Senator that he has
spoken too swiftly on both these points. There
is no evidence that can lead him to believe that
any arrogant demand has been made; there is no
evidence that can lead him to distrust the fidelity
of the Administration on this question. I have
myself a firm conviction that this question will be
peaceably and honorably adjusted. I do not be-
lieve that it is a question to be settled by war; and
I hail with gratitude the suggestion of the honor-
able Senator, that, in making his speech, which
may, in a certain sense, be called a war speech,
he has expressed a willingness to submit the ques-
tion to arbitration. Lot me not be understood as
intimating that that mode is under consideration.
I am not authorized to say anything on the ques-
tion. I content myself with repeating what I have
already said, that it is in safe hands, and that it
will be better for us to reserve ourselves for the
question when it shall be presented in a practical
form, and not to speak on hypotheses which the
facts may afterwards show to have been false.
I withdraw the motion.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 133) to
repeal an act approved September 18, 1850, enti-
tled " An act to amend an act and supplementary
to theactcntitled *An act respecting fugitives from
justice and persons escaping from the service of
their masters,5 " approved February 12, 1793;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I would like to
submit two or three remarks touching the purpose
with which I have introduced this bill, and the
1 1 , I-
motives which have prompted me to do so at this;
time. In the first place, I.desire to say that I do. •
not take this course with any design o.r to':
reopen a discussion upon the merits of the aefcof.
1850, which this bill proposes to repeal. That acts
has had its day. As a party act u has done its -
work. It has probably done as much mischief as *
any other one act that was ever passed by the.
national Legislature. I am not sure but it has
done as much mischief as all the acts overpassed
by the national Legislature since the adoption of
the Federal Constitution. On the other hand, I
think I am authorized to say it has never done a-
particle of good from the day it was approved to
this moment. It has embittered againsteach other
two great sections of country; it has embittered'
the feelings of two great political parties. I be-
lieve the author of that act is now m prison; not,
it is true, as a punishment for the production of
that act; but my own opinion is that he has com-
mitted in his life no crime greater or graver than
that. However, I said that I did not mean to re-
new a discussion upon that act; yet I do want to
say that among all the statutes I ever read in my
life, I think 1 never read one to be compared in
enormity with this act. This is my deliberate
judgment. I may be mistaken about it; but I think
not. As an act designed to regulate judicial pro-
ceedings, it is the worst devised and contrived act
I ever read in my life. I wish to show to the
Senate what, in my judgment, it is perfectly easy
to do under the provisions of that law. I do not
now condemn the act becauseitafTordsgrcat facil-
ities for the recovery of those negroes who are
held as slaves in one portion of the United States,
and who may. have escaped from service due in
those States under their laws. Thatisnot the
ground on which I now complain of it; but in the
great anxiety which its framers had to afford fa-
cilities for the recovery of fugitives they have
put upon the statute-book an act under the pro-
visions of which it is very easy indeed for me or
any man to obtain a certificate requiring the re-
moval of your next door neighbor, be he white
or black, bond or free, from the town of Hamp-
den, in Maine, to any part of the State of Texas,
and it makes it your duty to assist in removing
him, and the duty of Mr. Secretary Chase, now
at the head of the Treasury Department, to pay
the bill. It is a perfectly easy thing to do that,
sir. Allow me to say that I do not intend to charge
that it was the design of those who passed that
law to furnish such facilities for that which I have
just designated; but it is a dangerous act to leave
on the statute-book. It is an act that cannot be
left on the statute-book withoutdisgracing it, and
the country which passed it. I shall not detain
the Senate to point out how these things may be
done until somebody controverts the position.
If what I say of it is admitted to be true, no Sen-
ator will object to the repeal of the act.
There is another feature of this act which it
seems to me calls not upon me especially, but
upon every national representative—every man
who represents the United States, and not a sin-
gle section of it merely—to consent to and insist
upon the immediate repeal of that act, and it is
this: that act almost in terms declares that the
people of the non-slaveholding States are not to
be intrusted, cannot be intrusted, with the pre-
rogative of trying and determining whether an
individual owes service to somebody in the State
of Georgia or not; that that is an issue which can-
not with safety to the rights of the claimant be
intrusted to the northern people to determine.
Now, the act is wrong in that assumption, which
it expresses in almost so many words. That as-
sumption is untrue. It isunjust;and no represent-
ative of thatsection of country against which it is
alleged should submit quietly to such an unjust
aspersion. - When you tell me, sir, that the people
whom I represent here are not as competent to
try an issue as the people of any other section of
country, I am bound to contradict it, and I do;
and I tell you further, that the assumption itself
is so degrading that if it were predicated of any
one school district in the United States there is
