1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2150'
acquainted with but few of its members; but among
that few, limited as his acquaintance was, he was
warmly esteemed and will be deeply regretted.
Mr. Speaker, death, when it comes to the old,
brings with itnothing inscrutable, nothing to make
us wonder at the decrees of a kinu Providence;
but when it visits one, who like Mr. Bailey, has
but just, as it seems, reached the moment of the
realization of hopes long cherished, and the cul-
mination of an honorable ambition, the moment of
life's true enjoyment, we are sometimes prone to
ask, not so much indeed in a spirit of complaint
as in a spirit of wonder, why it is so. We look
back upon a life yet young, which has passed
through numberless hardships, been exposed to
various youthful privations, and brought, by a
force entirely its own, into full communion with
the high purposes and great resolves winch have
formed its early and its Litem dreams of true man-
hood, and see it suddenly, in the very moment of j
its triumph, cut down, and with it all the hopes so I
eagerly indulged foiever destroyed. There is a <
moaning to events like this which reaches beyond j
the ken of mere mortality. It is particularly ap- i
plicable to our friend. Born in New Hampshire,
in 1823, at the early age of two years he was left
an orphan, and at a tender period of life obliged
to make his way in the world by the employment |
of ins own resources. He learned the trade of a |
printer, which he followed until 1845. During i
that year he commenced the study of law which j
he pursued with a diligence and perseverance |
which soon enabled him to overcome all the un- j
favorable circumstances of his earlier life. Fie j
was admitted to the bar m 1848, and followed his
profession with success until 1856. His talents
won for him the confidence as his amiable char- 1
acter did the esteem of Ins fellow-citizens, and in !
that year he was elected a member of the House j
of Representatives of Massachusetts. He per- j
formed his duties in that body so acceptably to 1
those who sent him there that they elected him ]
to the Senate of that State in 1858* and again in !
1860, and from this latter position he was elected
by the same appreciative constituency to a seat in
this body.
Mindful of his failing health, Mr. Bailey, after
his election to this House, by the advice of his
physician, went to Jacksonville, Florida, where
he remained through the opening scenes of the
rebellion. His health was improved by the mild
climate and genial atmosphere of the sunny South,
and he made arrangements for remaining there
until it should be firmly reestablished. While in-
dulging this determination, intelligence of the at-
tack upon Sumter came to his retreat, and in a
moment everything was changed. The pleasant
associations he had formed were all broken; and
in the countenances of those, who but the pre-
vious day were friends, he met the frown of anger,
and the sinister glance of distrust. He was soon
after told to leave, " nor stand upon the order of
his going." It was with great difficulty that he
finally, after a tedious journey, partly by land and
partly by water, during which he was rudely in-
terrupted and grossly insulted, reached his home
in his own beloved Massachusetts. This he left,
indulging the delusive hope characteristic of his
disease that he would be able to discharge his du-
ties to his country and his constituency on this
floor. Too feeble during his residence here to take
any active part in our proceedings, he yetgave to
some of us the benefit of his counsel, and has left
to us all for our imitation the light of his pure and
noble exemple.
Mr. Speaker, our grief for the dead should
sharpen our sympathies for the living. We should
not forget that our deceased friend left behind him
one who mourns his loss more than we can, and
whose widowed heart is now full to overflowing.
While we assure her of our heartfelt sympathy,
we can only, as the sum ofourconsolation, in this,
the deepest and darkest hour of her affliction, di-
rect her to the widow's God and the orphan^ pro-
tector. In our faith in Him, we may find comfort
when all else fails. He will mellow our sorrows
and dry our tears, as in the eye of a trusting faith
we can behold, through the means He has vouch-
safed to us, the prospect and enjoy the hope of a
blissful reunion with the dear ones who have pre-
ceded us, in a world where sorrow and death can
never come. „
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, briefly sketched the
career of our departed friend, and such of his char-
acteristics as, upon a brief acquaintance, seemed
to me just and proper. Truly we may adopt for
him the epitaph chosen by the sensitive Keats,
" Here lies one whose name waswritinwater." And
yet, Mr. Speaker, shall not the name ofour friend
be written upon more durable tablets? He was a
good, a true, a devoted man, an ardent patriot, a
kind husband, a faithful parent, the friend of his
race.
" His life was gentle ; and the elements
So mixed in him, ihat nature might stand up
And say to all the wotid, this was a man."
Mr. TRAIN. Mr. Speak*er, in the grand
march of events in this Republic, the death of
those we love, and with whom we are associated
in the enactment of history, alone gives us time
and opportunity to pause and reflect on the feeble
tenure by which we keep our hold on life.
Mr. Bailey had been for years my friend, and
although the intelligence of his death has not
come to us without premonition, I cannot forbear
to mingle my private grief with these publicmani-
festdtions. He was one whom to know was to love.
He was one of those men whose qualifications,
so rarely combined, had made him a most valu-
able memherof a deliberative assembly. He was
remarkable for his modesty of character. Firm
in his own convictions of what was his duty as a j
public man, he moved among those from whom j
he differed in opinion in such a manneras tocom- ;
pel their respect and to win their personal regard.
With a power of logic and an ability m the use
of language, which made him, whenever he chose
to exercise his gifts, a most able debater, he pre-
ferred the more quiet and to him more certain mode
of obtaining consent to his opinions by the unob-
trusive effoi ts of private intercourse. He had no
ambition to appear to lead in the halls of legisla-
tion, but preferred the less ostentatious duties of
the committee room, and by assiduous attention
to them, he gave, as many others have done, the
chief but least appreciated value to congressional
service.
As a member of the bar of Massachusetts, no
man moie fully enjoyed the confidence of the
courts, their officers, and the suitors; and as a
member of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of my State for several years, no man had
more thoroughly secured the confidence and es-
teem of men of all parties with whom he was as-
sociated.
For several years his health had been such as to
make life almost a burden; but such was the tenor
of that life that, as each succeeding day brought
hun nearer to its close, he could aptly apply to
himself these beautiful lines of the great Christian
poet—
Here ui the body pent,
Absent from Hun I roam,
Yet nightly pitch my moving tent,
A day's match neaicr home."
A devoted husband, a fond father, a sincere friend,
he has gone, ulas, too early, for the wife, the son,
and loving friends, to Heaven.
The Spanish salutation, " may you die among
your kindred," was happily realized by my col-
league. He died at home. That home is now
desolate, and I know that words of consolation to
his bereaved widow and child are idle. I can only
say to them, your kind husband and father, after
a weary pilgrimage here, has at length " wan-
dered into life."
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, upon the bier of
our biother I would casta single leaf. His wreath
shall be entwined by those who were more fortu-
nate than I, and knew, by intimacy closer than
had been permitted to me, his strength of gentle-
ness and the quiet firmness of a character lovable
always, and loved most deeply by those who knew
him best. It is not given to us to weep—
 above the pall,
And moiun the dying out of noble powers;
The Christian's cJearei eye ^houkl sue in all
Eailh's seeming woe the seed of Heaven's dowers."
And yet, why should we not mourn? The clear
eye of faith beholds the love of the Father, and
the bowed head submits with cheerfulness to the
will of the All-Wise. The tear may follow faith
and sanctify submission.
A gentle and pure spirit, a faithful man, a trusted
friend, and tried counselor has been taken from
us. We could not spare him. While the tur-
bulent passions aroused by war, and the dm of
armed men and commotion, social and political,;
are disturbing us in every fiber of Church- and
family and State, the firm courage of that peace
which is " more strong than war,J finds room and
spheie for action and influence. It is in times like
these that the calm and quiet strength of the true
man, courageous and self-reliant ahvays, are
needed to direct and control the conduct of affairs.
Such men as Mr. Bailey was, firm and uriswery-
ing in his own action, clear in his perceptions of
political right, brave to act, and regardful always
of the judgment and feelings of other men: such
men we cannot spare from among us now.
" Yet Thou hast called him; nor art Thou unkind,
O Love divine, for 'tis Thy will
That gracious natures leave their love behind
To work for freedom still."
In the home where he was known, among the
friends who had watched his early aspirations and
waited with earnest expectation for the rich fruits
which the promise of his youth foretold, many
voices will more fitly speak of him than we can
do who tell not by knowledge but by the praise
of those who trusted and who loved him.
It had not been my fortune to know Mr. Bailey
until I met him here. In his days of buoyant
health he was a stranger to me. He had engaged
ardently and with success in his profession. Its
honors and rewards had followed him. In the
Legislature ofhis Commonwealth he had ably and
acceptably discharged the trusts committed to
him; and in this wider field of labor he was com-
missioned to close his work. Before entering upon
his duties in this House he had been compelled
to seek health and strength under a warmer sun;
but the unrelenting hand of disease retained its
hold upon him; and when you, sir, administered
to him the oath of office his spirit was standing
near unto his God. It was then that I first knew
him; but I did not know by how frail tenure he
held office and honor anil home and wife and child.
When afterwards he was confined at home I saw
him. On either side of him were those he loved
most dearly. May the blessingof the Father rest
upon them, the wife of his bosom and the child
of his love. He said to me that his failing strength
admonished him that the change was near, and he
yearned for the familiar faces and the loved scenes
of home, in the lieait of the Commonwealth
he Jiad lived, and there he died, his family and
friends around him. They are bereaved; he has
found rest.
" ThN laurel leaf I east upon thy bier.
Let worthier hands than these thy wreath entwine;
Upon thy heai.se T sited no useless tear,
For us weep lather thou, in calm divine."
The resolutions were agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 16, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Mr. McFalls.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a statement
in the character of a personal explanation. My
attention is called to the remarks of Mr. Holman",
a member of the House of Representatives from
Indiana, and reported in the Globe of yesterday.
They were made in reference to payments made
to members of a special committee of the House,
of which Mr. Holman is a member; and, as I
understand, for mileage or traveling allowances,
in the nature of additional compensation. Mr.
i Holman says:
" My attention has been called to two committees to
which have been assigned special duties by this House. I
icfer to the John Shetinau committee and the committee
on Government contracts. The former of the two, the Sher-
man committee, received eight dollars a day, while the latter
one to winch the gentleman rulers, barely received its trav-
eling expense5: while engaged in the service of the Govern-
liieiit. The members of that committee were engaged in
several parts of the country attending to the interests of the
Government when the other members of this House were
at then homes attending to their private affairs."
I do not know what committee is referred to by
the phrase" John Sherman committee;" but pre-
sume it must be either the Kansas committee of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, or the naval investigating
committee of the Thirty-Fifth Congress. As I am
the only member of cither committee now a mem-
ber of Congress, it is due to the gentlemen com-
