2160;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ma}- 16.
prising these committees that I correct this state-
ment. It is untrue. The members of neither
committee received a dollar for either mileage or
compensation except their pay as a member of
Congress, and that would have been received by
them whether serving on committee or not. The
Kansas committee—composed of Messrs. How-
ard, Oliver, and myseif—traveled to Kansas, per-
formed arduous and dangerous duty, and did not
receive a dollar for these extraordinary services.
The naval committee—composed of Messrs. Bo-
cock, Groesbeck, Ready, Ritchie, and myself—
worked diligently in this city, examining a great
number of witnesses, and doing a great deal of
work. In both cases an officer of the House paid
the fees of witnesses, and when the committee
traveled paid the bare expenses of travel. As for
receiving eight dollars a day, or any other sum,
it is simply untrue. I do not make this statement
for the purpose of censuring or criticising the con-
duct of the committee of which Mr. Holmaj* isa
member. That is for the House to determine.
My only purpose is to relieve the "John Sher-
mancommittee,, from a false charge, which affects
the conduct and integrity ofgentlemen with whom
I have been associated in the performance of del-
icate and important public duty.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of April 2,1862,
in relation to drafts drawn by Russell, Majors,
and Waddell, or other parties, on the War De-
partment, and accepted by John B. Floyd, late
Secretary of War; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
New Richmond, Ohio, praying for the confisca-
tion of the property of traitors; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Fitehburg, Massachusetts, and a petition of
citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the
immediate and entire abolition of slavery under
the war power; which weic ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HARLAN presented three petitions of cit-
izens of Iowa, praying for the construction of a
ship canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi liver; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Iowa,
praying for the establishment of n mail route from
Waukon,lowa,to Brownsville,Minnesota; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. KiNG presented a petition of merchants
and citizens of the city of New Yoik, praying for
the construction of a railroad from the Mississippi
river to San Francisco; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Erskine
Hazard, praying for a reduction of the proposed
tax on anthracite coal; which was ordered to ho
on the table.
lie also presented the memorial of H. N. Bur-
roughs and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, ie-
monstrating against the proposed tax onantliincite
coal and praying that it may be roduccd; which was
ordered to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition ofOtheme! Pros-
ton, praying for a pension, submitted an adverse
icport; which was oideted to be punted.
He also,from the same committee, to whom was
referred a petition of citizens of California, pray-
ing thatapension may be granted to the widow of
Captain R. B. Cunningham of the Navy, submit-
ted an adverse icport; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a document in relation to the claim of Col-
onel Abraham Emmett forairearnge of pay m the
wui of 18L,, asked to be discharged from its fur- i
ther constdeiation, and that it be referred to the 1
nTinrjCA I?? was agreed to.
iYLr. iiAKLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Legislative of California, in favor of authorizing
the location of lands in Jieu of sections sixteen and
thirty-six reserved for public uses, upon other
lands in that State, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 298) donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts, reported it with amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom were referred a petition of citi-
zens of New Bremen, Lewis county, New York,
and a petition of citizens of Olean, Cattaraugus
county, New York, of German descent, pray-
ing that thirty thousand copies of the agricultu-
ral report of the Commissioner of Patents be
printed in the German language, asked to be dis-
charged ftom their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 313) for the relief of John
Ciadlebaugh; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 314) for the relief of the Wyandotte In-
dians, agreeably to certain treaty stipulations;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 315) for
the relief of Quindaro Nancy Guthrie, and her
childi en of Shawnee blood; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
RECOMMITMENT OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate resumed,
as in Committee of the Whole, the consideration
of the joint resolution (!1.11. No. G6) authorizing
the Seuetaiy of the Navy to discharge contract-
ors with his Department when they have fur-
nished the amountostimated in theircontraets, and
fifty per cent, additional; and,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That it be lecoinnutted to the Committor on
Naval A flails
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill (H. R. No. 454) for the relief of the re-
gister of the land office at Vincetmes, Indiana,
and for other purposes; and,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Fubhc
Lauds.
BILL BECOME A LAAV.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr. Nicoj.ay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 14th instant, an act (S. No. 28D) to facilitate
the discharge of enlisted men for physical disa-
bility.
i:\R0LLMim' 01? BILLS OX PARCHMENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further morning business, the Chair will call up
the special order assigned for half past twelve
o'clock, it being- within three minutes of that time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
call up the jointresolution to suspend the payment
of troops in the western department, for a few
moments.
Mr. GRIMES. That will be debated.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sena-
tor from Iowa suggests that that will be debated.
If so, I will not ask it.
The Senate pioccedod to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Summer on the 23d
of Deeembei, 1861:
Hcsolred, That the Committee on Emolfcd Bills shall
consider the expediency of changing the joint rules of the
two Ilou^e* of Oongicss, as no tonyei to lequiie that bills
which have passed both House* shall be enrolled on paieh-
ment; but that tlicy shall be simply eopicd in a lair hand
on linen p.ipci, and be thus pie^eivedin ihe Depaitmentof
State, instead of being pieseived in cumbersome lolls of
pniehmejit.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is a usage
of Congiess which must stuke all persons who
come here for the first time, whether as members
or as spectators. It is the usage—sometimes em-
barrassing—after bills have passed both Houses,
of copying them on parchment when they are
signed successively by the Speaker of the House,
the President of the Senate, and the President of
the United States. This usage, under our rules,
is called enrolling, although m England, where it
originated, it was known down to its recent abo-
lition in that country as engrossing.
I have said that this usage is calculated to arrest
attention. This is because to most persons it is
a novelty, although it is old in itself. On inquiry,
I do not learn that it is continued in any of our
States, except Massachusetts. In the new States
of the West it has neverbeen known. The ques-
tion which I wish now to submit is, whether it is
wise for Congress to continue this embarrassing
form, which has already been discontinued or
never adopted by the State Legislatures?
Among the joint rules of the two Houses is the
following, entitled " Enrolled Bills:'*
"After a bill shall have passed both Houses, it shall be
duly enrolled on parchment by the Cleik of the House of
Representatives or the Seeictaiy of the Senate, as the bill
may have originated in the one or the other House, befoie
it bhull be presented to the President of the United States.5'
This was adopted as early as 6th August, 1789.
Shortly before this date, at the recommendation
of Senators Morris, Carroll, Langdon, Reed, and
Lee, a joint resolution was passed, requiring the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House,
within ten days after the passing of every act of
Congress, to authenticate printed copies thereof,
and lodge them with the President. In September,
1789, a statute was passed to provide for the safe-
keeping of the acts, records, and seal of the United
States, under the fiistsection of which the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs, as it was then colled, was
changed to the Department of State. The Secre-
tary of the Department thus remodeled was made
the custodian of all bills, orders, resolutions, or
acts of Congress approved by the President, with
directions to publish the same in the newspapers;
to cause one printed copy to be delivered to each
Senator and Representative, and two printed
copies, duly authenticated, to be sent to the Gov-
ernor of each State, and to " carefully preserve
the originals.5' This latter service has been ex-
ecuted by binding the enrolled copies of the acts
of each session in separate volumes, without, how-
ever, rolling or folding the skins of parchment,
and depositing them in a fire-proof vault, under
the immediate charge of an officer of the State
Department, known as the clerk of the rolls.
The enrollment of bills requires special care,
and sometimes even delays legislation. From the
haste with which the transcription is made and the
amendments are em bodied, errors natuially occur.
Perhaps these cannot be entirely superseded by
copies on paper. Indeed, nothing can supersede
the necessity ofgreatcare, whetherpaper or parch-
ment he employed.
The main reason for the enrollment on parch-
ment, when first adopted by Congress, was Eng-
lish example. Technical phrases, tautologous
terms, the absurd i ties of law Latin and law French,
all these, together with our jurisprudence, were
borrowed directly from England, and with them
came parchment. The use of parchment began
originally with these peculiarities. Of course it
was before the invention of paper, which was not
made of rags in Europe till about 1319, and it was
continued long after the invention of paper had
rendered it unnecessary.
In antiquity other substances were employed;
butamongthe European nations, in modern times,
previous to the invention of paper, parchment was
universally employed. Every manusciipt,every
book, every deed,every indenture, every contract,
every record,judicial or otherwise, was on parch-
ment. Of course this must have been the case
with the statutes and all the proceedings of Par-
liament; for, in fact, there was nothing else on
which they could be written, it was the case with
Magna^Charta, wrung from King John m 1215,
which is still exhibited, as a venerable curiosity
m the British Museum. These proceedings, to-
gether with the statutes, constituted what were
called the rolls of Parliament—rotuli Parliament'
orum—and they were preserved, apart with other
paichment records, in what is known as the Roll
Chapel. There is a veise of Scupture which has
been quoted as describing the place where they
were kept. " Darius made a dccree, and search
was made in the house of rolls, where the treas-
ures were laid up." (Ezra, vi, 1.)
Parchment soon gave way to paper in judicial
proceedings and records, probably from consid-
erations of economy and convenience; but it con-
tinued longer in parliamentary proceedings. The
