1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
persons in-the employment ot the Government, the inform-
ation asked lor by letter of Ducembei 0,1861, addressed by
the chairman of said committee to the Seeieliuy of the
Treasury.
Mr. POTTER. I have a similar resolution,
which I desire to offer, calling for information
from the Secretary of the Interior. Before doing
so, however, with the consent of the House I will
state that, on the 3d day of December, 1 was in-
structed by the committee of investigation to call
"upon the heads of tile Executive Departments of
the Government for certain information—informa-
tion which it is necessary to have in the posses-
sion of the committee before they will be able to
prepare their report and piesent it to the House.
The committee received prompt replies from the
heads of all the Departments except the Treasury
and Interior, but nothing from them; and on the
24th of December, I addressed notes to the Secre-
taries of the Treasury and Interior, calling atten-
tion to my letter as chairman of the committee of
the 3d instant. Nothing has been heard from
these Departments in reply to either of the letters
addressed to them by the committee, and we are
compelled, therefore, to come to the House in
order to obtain this information. I now ask the
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Interior he, and he is
hereby, requested to furuMi, without any unneeessaiy de-
lay, to the committor of investigation ot this House on tiie
disloyalty of peioons in the employment ofthe Government,
the infoimation asked foi by letter of Decembei 3,1801,
addressed by the chairman of said committee to the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise for the purpose of
making an inquiry, if permitted to do so, before
that resolution is adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be per-
mitted to make an inquiry, if no objection be made.
No objection was made.
Mr. WICKLIFFE I would like the honor-
able gentleman fiom Wisconsin to furnish the
House with a copy of the letter which contains
the facts or information which he dcsiics to ob-
tain, so that we may know what it is we are call-
ing for.
Mr. POTTER. The inquiry is a very proper
one. It is, of course, proper that the House
should be in possession of the letter on which the
resolution is based. I will send it to the Clerk's
desk and have it read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Washington City, December 3, 1861.
Sir : 1 had the honoi to receive fiom you a communica-
tion, bearing date the 18th of July, in wluch j mi fuim*h
the committee autiionzedtomquue into the loyalty of per-
sons in office with a list of those holding positions under
you. I have now to icquest a futther statement of the re-
movals which have been made, designating the individuals,
since your communication of the above date.
I have the honor to be, very ie«peeifully,
JOHN F. POTTER,
Chairman of Committee.
The Hon. Secretary of the .
Mr. POTTER. I will now have read the sub-
sequent letter, to which I have referred.
The Clerk read, as follows:
House of Representatives,
Washington Cuy, December 24, ltfGl.
Sir: On the 3d day of the present month, I had thehonoi
to address vou a communication on behalf of the commit-
tee of investigation ot the House ot Representatives, ask-
ing for certain information in relation to the removal of
clerks m your Department.
I have received no teply to that communication. As it
is important that the infoimation a&ked lor should be im-
parted to the committee bel'oie thru report made to the
House. 1 will thank you to furnish it with as little delay as
possible.
Ru^ectfully, JOHN F. POTTER,
Chairman of Committee,
Hon. Secretary of .
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not feel called upon
to furnish any defense or excuse for the heads of
Departments named. I do not understand, how-
ever, how far this House is calied upon to assume
the exercise of all the powers, civil, military^ju-
dicial, and executive, of this Government. This
is a resolution, according to my understanding of
it, to inquire why, wherefore, and for what lea-
son these heads of Departments have not dismissed
certain clerks.
Mr. POTTER If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will permit me, I will state to him the cir-
cumstances which, in the opinion of the committee,
make the adoption of this resolution pioper and
necessary.
Soon after the committee was appointed by the
House, they directed me us their chairman to ad-
dress letters to the various heads of Departments
asking them to furnish us with a list of clerks and '
other persons employed under them respectively.
That list was furnished. The letter which was
first read addressed to the same heads of Depart-
ments called upon them to furnish a list of such
persons embraced in the first list as had been re-
moved. In other words, to designate the persons
who had been removed by them by name.
It was necessary that we should have this in-
formation, in order to ascertain the fact as to
whether the heads of Departments had removed
those clerks who had been reported to them as
disloyal, or who had been regarded as disloyal by
the committee, from the evidence taken before
them. Now, the gentleman from Kentucky will
see, and the House will see, that it is utterly im-
possible for the committee to make out any defi-
nite report of the lesults of their labors unless
they are furnished with this information. I re-
peat, sir, the information asked for is simply
whether the heads of the Departments have re-
moved thoseclerksagainstwhose loyaltyevidence
had been received by the committee, and reported
to the respective Departments. If there were any
number of these clerks who had not been removed,
it was believed the heads of the Departments would
be willing to state the reasons why they had not
been removed—such as that after further investi-
gation they had become satisfied with the loyalty
of these men, or something of that kind.
The gentleman from Kentucky will thus see
that it was impossible and is impossible for the
committee to make out any intelligent report to
the House without this information.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to ask a single question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. OL1N. Then, with theconsentof thegen-
tleman from Kentucky, I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr ""WICKLIFFE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to propound this interroga-
tory. Perhaps it is improper to inquire into the
proceedings of this committee; but if proper, !
wish to learn from the gentleman from Wisconsin
whether, in these cases where testimony has been
taken before his committee implicating any one
in the employment of any of the various Depart-
ments of the Government, the gentlemen thus
apparently implicated have been notified of the
charges or representations or insinuations made
in reference to them, and have had an opportunity
to adduce such testimonyas they saw fitin answer
to or in explanation of the charge? I have learned
incidentally that such is not the fact.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I dislike to interrupt the
gentleman from New York; but I desire to have
the benefit of his interrogatory, and I am really
unable to hear anything he has said.
Mr. OLIN. I was propounding the inquiry
to my friend from Wisconsin whether, in those
cases where testimony had been taken implicat-
ing certain employes of the Government in the
charge of disloyalty, such testimony has been
communicated to the persons so implicated, and
whether they have had an opportunity of adduc-
ing such testimony as they saw fit m explana-
tion of the charger 1 said, also, that I had un-
derstood that such was not the fact; and I was
about to remark—not to detain the House but a
moment—that I have had some experience in ref-
erence to the investigation of charges of corrup-
tion and malfeasance m ollice, and my conviction
is that unless such a course be taken, the grossest
injustice would be committed toward the persons
thus implicated. So far as my action has been
concerned in these matters on any occasion where
charges, serious m their character, were made
against any individual whose character was worth
annulment's inquity, those charges were commu-
nicated to the individual, and he was afforded an
opportunity to give such excuses or explanations
as were in his power. And whatever the neces-
sity may be in this instance, 1 should regret ex-
tremely to see the course adopted by this House
of instituting a committee holding secret sessions
to listen to accusations against any and every-
body, the persons so accused having no oppor-
tunity to appear before the committee, oi to ad-
duce evidence m their own defense. I should be
ex'.ecdmgly reluctant to censure or procure the
dismissal of any person in the employment of the
Government upon such an accusation.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It was not for the pur-
pose of getting up a debate upon this subject rel-
ative to the fidelity or loyalty or disloyalty ". Qf
Government clcrks that I rose. If-we h^vp heads
of any of the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment who ate not competent to judge of'jtfe
fidelity or qualifications of their subordinate clerks
in the various offices, I think we had beftdf com-
mence higher, and institute proceedings for. the
removal of the heads instead of the subordinates
in office. " - ;
Sir, the House of Representatives and tlie Con-
gress of the United States seems,in my humble
opinion,to be disposed to usurp toomuch of power
when we come to look to the grants conferred
upon the legislative department of the Govern-
ment by the Constitution. Our powers are legis-
lative, not executive nor judicial; and I was struck
with some degree of astonishment the other day,
when I saw pass silently through this body a
resolution authorizing the appointment of a joint
committee to superintend the war that is now
being waged in this country. That was the object
of the resolution, if I understood its purport.
Mr. Speaker, we have an Executive; he has
his Cabinet, his war officers, and his Army; but
not contcnt to intrust to them the management of
the duties confided to them by the Constitution
and laws, we have constituted a joint committee
of the two Houses to see that they do their duties
and report, to whom ? Suppose they do not do
their duty, what will this committee do? They
have no power to remove them. They may slan-
der them in the papers.
Well, sir, we have laws authorizing the heads
of Departments to appoint a certain number of
clerks, and assigning them their duties. These
clerks have a hard time. I have had some expe-
rience in times past in this matter of changing and
removing clerks. It was the hardest part of my
duty to resist the importunities of men high in
office to turn out one poor dependent creature,
whose family was depending upon his salary for
their daily bread, ana put m another who was
able to fight his way through society and obtain
his support without the assistance of office.
Do not understand me as intending or advoca-
ting for a single moment the idea of keeping a dis-
loyal man in any officc under the Government. I
would turn all such men out of office if I knew that
they were disloyal; but I would leave the heads
of the Departments to perform that ministerial,
and, as I would consider, offensive duty. We
have organized a committee of this House, com-
posed of high and honorable men, to go aboutthe
highways and byways, into the shops and closets,
and inquire of John Doe and Richard Roe, " Have
you heard that such a man is not exactly as he
ought to be to hold officc ?" Well, sir, you have
made courts of these heads of Departments. As
I understand, some of them have complied and
turned out clerks when called upon, but as I un-
derstand from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Olin,] and not only from him but from
others, in no single instance has a clerk been no-
tified of the nature or description of the imputa-
tions against him.
I think I saw a resolution here a few days ago
which some member sought to offer, proposing
that these poor dependent clerks should have an
opportunity of being hoard before this investiga-
ting committee; but it was voted down, and so
they stand accused and reported as disloyal, with-
out the opportunity of a hearing.
And now we are asked to call the Secretary of
the Treasury and Secretary of the Interior to ac-
count because they have not executed the man-
dates of this committee. Sir, I do not approve
of this exercise of power which does not legiti-
mately reside in this House. The Secretary of
the Treasury has the power of appointing clerks,
and the power of removal, and if he has not got
sense enough to exercise that power with discre-
tion, I say let him be removed and somebody ap-
pointed who has. Let us not divert the great and
legitimate powers of this House into an inquisition
to find out something against the character ofthese
poor dependent clerks. 1 move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
resolution is not yet before the House. No de-
bate could be indulged upon it except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I thought the question
