THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 5d Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1862.
New Series No. 196.
think this is the proper place to alter the charter
of a company. The committee thought at any
rate that the rate fixed in the amendment of the
Senate was too low; and if there is to be another
company incorporated, it had better be done by a
separate bill.
The ninth amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Strike out all after Jinc nineteen, page 1, to the end of
the bill, as follow*.:
For compensation to Henry K. Brown, James R. Lamb-
din, and John F. Kensett, for thirteen months' service, as
art commissioners, appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, under acts of Congress, of June 12, 1858, and
March 3, 1859, $9,000.
The committee recommended non-concurrence
in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 2, after line five, insert:
To pay ilie amount due under and by virtue of the act en-
titled "An act to facilitate communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States, by electric telegraph," for the
period embraced between November 1,1861, and June 30,
1862, $26.-6311 40.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concuned in.
Twelfth amendment:
Tnsert as follows:
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for incidental
and contingent expenses, including wastage, at the Mint of
the United States at Philadelphia, §23,643 84.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
tn^ei t as follows:
For additional expense; in transportation of bullion and
coin between the assay olfice and the Mint for the year
1861, $21,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Inseit as follows:
For compensation of Assistant Secretary of the Interior
from the 14th of March to the 30th of June, 1862, ,^875.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Inseit as follows:
For compensation to distant Seerotaiy of the Interior
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 18(53, $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Inseit as follows:
For compensation of lour additional di.nv-keeper^ for the
two draws on the l'otomae budge, iioin the dates of their
beveral appointment?, to the 30th of June, l£t32, $395 40.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concuned m.
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert as follows:
To supply a deficiency iu the appiopiiution for the con-
tingent fund ot the Senate for furmtuie, fitting of looms,
ga-« fitting, lepainng, painting, painting materials, and other
miscellaneous, items, §10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the several votes of the House relative to the
amendments of the Senate; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GENERAL IIUNTEIt?S LETTER.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting an an-
swer to a resolution of this House upon the sub-
ject of the enlisting, arming, and mustering slaves
into the Army of the United States was ordered
to be printed
Mr. Speaker, it is with great reluctance that I
desire the attention of the House of Representa-
tives of the United States at the present time. I
do not feel in a humor this morning for indulging
in some remarks which an occasion of this nature
would justify. The news from our army, true
or false, has depressed me.
It will be remembered that some time in the
month of April, the gentleman from Ohio before
me, [Mr. Cox,] introduced a resolution calling
upon the Secretary of War for certain information,
which resolution is in these words:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War infotm this House
what has delayed his reply to the resolution of this House
calling for intormatlon as to the age, sex, condition, &c.,
of the Africans employed in General Wool's depaitment.
2. What number of slaves have been brought into this Dis-
trict by the Army officers or other agents ofthe Government,
from the State of Virginia, since the enemy abandoned the
possession of Manassas and their lines on the Potomac.
3. What number of fugitives from Maryland and Virginia
arc now in the city of Washington, their sex and probable
ages. 4. What number is now at or lias been sent to Fred-
erick, Maryland. 5. Ilow many arc now fed and supported
by the money of the United States appiopnatedby Congiess
to prosecute the war. 6. By what authority negroes, old
and young, male and female, were sent Irorn Virginia to
Philadelphia; and at whose expense, the amount of ex-
pense, and the purposes tor which they were sent. 7. If he
has not the means to answer these inquiries, that he take
the necessaiy steps to obtain the desired information."
The majority of this House refused to adopt
this resolution.
The resolution of this House adopted upon my
motion looked to and desired information upon
a question of fact of grave and vital importance.
The resolution is in these words:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of Wat be directed to in-
form this House if General Hunter, ot tlie depaitment of
youth Oatohna, has? organized a regiment of South Caro-
lina volunteeis for the defense of the Union, composed of
black men, (fugitive slaves,) and appointed the colonel and
other otficeis to command tbeiu. 52. Was he authoii/.ed by
the Department to organize and muster into the Army of the
United States, as soldieis, the fugitive or captured slaves?
3. Has lie been furnished with clothing, umtoim, for such
force? 4. Has he been furnished, by Older ofthe War De-
partment, with arms to be placed in the hands of these
slaves? 5. To icpoit any orders given said Hunter, and
correspondence between him and the Depaitment."
It sought to ascertain if an officer of the Army
(General Hunter) had been authorized to enlist,
arm, and equip slaves,captured or runaway slaves,
in South Carolina, and muster them into the Army
of the United States.
It sought to know if this man had, upon his own
responsibility or by the order or consent of the
Department, without law and against law, under-
taken to disgrace this nation by arming runaway
slaves, to use them as soldiers of the American
Army in the present war.
I have said here apd everywhere, that such an
act would call down the condemnation o fall Chns-
tendom upon the authors and advocates of such
a measure, and would furnish an excuse for the
interference of all civilized Governments in this
domestic contest. Such a force would stamp this
war with infamy and stain with disgrace our na-
tional escutcheon. Such an arm of offense, in a
war with an alien Government, resorted to by an
invading army, cannot meet the approbation of
any nation, of any man who is woithy of the
name.
To arm the negroes of the South, while we are
invading the temtoiy with our Army to reach
and overcome a rebel army, is an admission that
the power of the United States, the Army and
the Navy of twenty million white men, is not
equal to subdue and overthrow the army of the
rebellion, and therefore we will seduce the slave
of the master to run away under the ptomise of
freedom, and then force him into the Army as a sol-
dier, armed and equipped, and ready and willing
to excite the slaves of the luiul distiicts to a ser-
vile war.
When I saw the fact announced in the Tribune
that such negro force was organized by General
Hunter, I was unwilling to believe it. When the
Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron, withdrew from
the Cabinet™ obedience to public sentiment,which
condemned him mainly upon the ground that he
had, in a clause in his report, recommended the
equipment and employment of slaves in the Army,
and compelled by this weight of public sentiment
he sought retirement in the climate of Russia, I
did not believe that another Secretary of War, or
any officer of the Army, would dare thus to out-
rage that sentiment. 1 did not believe there could
be found, in either branch of Congress, a man
worthy to be called by that name, who would give
or sanction such authority, or advocate the em-
ployment of negroes as soldiers in this war. When
I saw the fact announced in the Tribune, I felt it
a duty which I owed to the Secretary of War per-
sonally, respectfully to address him, not an offi-
cial, but a private note, inclosing that paper to
him, hoping I might be authorized by him to say
that the statement was not true. I received no
answer. I addressed a second one; and I received
an answer from the Assistant Secretary of War,
stating that my two notes were carefully filed
among the private correspondence of the Secre-
tary of War, and would be attended to in due sea-
son.
I had obtained information which left no doubt
upon my mind that General Hunter was guilty
of a violation of law and of his instructions. I did
not rely upon rumor, but upon information from
individuals who had been at Port Royal, and had
seen that of which they spoke. The statement
was, that Hunter was engaged in the process of
enlisting into the Federal Army those of this un-
fortunate race whom they found upon the planta-
tions at Port Royal. I felt it my duty to present
a respectful resolution in this House, asking the
Secretary of War to give information whether
such fact did exist, and, if it did exist, whether it
was by authority of the Secretary of War.
The answer of the Secretary of War came, and
in substance it is that he had no official informa-
tion—I emphasize that word—of such fact, and
that he had sent a copy of the resolution of the
House of Representatives to the commanding gen-
eral, Mr. Hunter, for his report upon it, and that
when the answer came he would communicate it
to the House. 1 moved to suspend the printing of
that answer, m order to await the coming of fur-
ther information.
During my absence, that additional information
was presented to this House. I have read it, and
others have read it, and it presents one remark-
able feature which the annals of your Congress,
from the days of Washington to the present time,
do not present, and that is, it was returned here as
an answer to Mr. Wickliffe's resolution, instead
of being returned as an answer to the resolution
of the House of Representatives.
I mention this fact, not because it is a matter
puiaoiidl to myself; not that I care a straw in ref-
erence to the opinion of Mr. Hunter in relation
to my course, or of the judgment and opinion of
the Secretary of War; but to say that the resolu-
tion, when passed, was no longer my resolution,
but the resolution of the House, and that the an-
swer ought to have been decent, and respectfully
addressed to the House of Representatives. There
seems to be a proclivity in the action of public
functionaries, in the present circumstances which
surround us, to disregard notonly the higher ob-
ligations imposed upon us by the Constitution,
but to contemn the precedent of our fathers. The
object must have been in this case to direct the
public attention from the main question involved
m this resolution to the humble individual who
originated it. My name is heralded before Con-
gress and the world by the report of this com-
mander of the department m South Carolina, in
language and manner and terms unbecoming a
gentleman or a public ofiieei. It is in the follow-
ing words:
War Dbp viitmcnt, Washimjion, July 2, 1862.
Sir : On refei enee to thfe answei of tin- department ot tlio
14th ultimo, to theiesolution ofthe House ol Representatives
ot the 9th oi last month, calling loi inhumation lespectmg
the organization by Gcneial Huntei, of tho department of
South (Jaiolma, of a regiment of volunteer? for the defense
ofthe Union, composed of black men, fugitive slaves, &c.,
it will be seen that the resolution had been icierred to that
ofiioer with m&tmetions to make an immediate report
thereon. I have now the honor to tiansrait herewith the
copy of a communication just received fiom Geneial Hun-
196
