1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
do it—but they cannot alter the title to a single
acre.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has not yet
answered my question. I will state it again. Sup-
pose that the contingency shall aiise when, in the
judgment of the President and in the judgment of
a majority of the peoples' Representatives in this
House and in the Senate, it becomes necessary to
utterly abolish this system of slavery that the
Constitution may live and that the Union may be
preserved, is the gentleman for it?
Mr. WADSWORTH. "Whenever the Pres-
ident and a majority of this House come to the
conclusion that it is necessary to sweep slavery
outof the country in order to preserve the Union,
I will oppose such a law by constitutional action—
always by constitutional action. If the gentleman
and his abolition allies come to our State to exe-
cute such a law with force, I will oppose them.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does not
answer whether he is going to leave the Union or
not.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Never will I leave the
Union. Whenever it becomes necessary for either
the gentleman from Ohio or myself to leave the
Union, I will take care that the gentleman and not
myself will have to go.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman would have
a busy time of it before he got through with it.
[Laughter.] It now seems that the gentleman is
going to stay with us, but that he or rather his
State is going to stay with us, in the event sup-
posed, only as a rebel. I want to know by what
right Kentucky or any other State comes upon
this floor and says in advance, by her Represent-
ative, ishe will not abide by the decision of a ma-
jority of the peoples'Representatives in the House
and the Senate?
Mr. WADSWORTH. I deny that they will
get the voice of a majority of the people.
Mr. BINGHAM.' I assumed that they would,
and so stated.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Itmakes no difference
with me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to these constant
interruptions. When the gentleman wants to in-
terrupt me he must first get my leave.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman put
questions to me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not putting questions,
I beg leave to say now to the gentleman. The
gentleman says in case of such a law being passed
as I have stated, and which ifoxecuted will save the.
Constitution and the Union and put an end to this
war, he will slay in the Union and light. Fight
what?
Mr. WADSWORTH. Will you let u he
broken up?
Mr. BINGHAM. Who is the judge ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. You.
Mr, BINGHAM. No, sir. The people, speak-
ing through a majority of their Representatives
and their Executive, must rule by their laws and
under their laws, until those laws which they
may enact be by them iepealod,or be set aside by
the supreme judicial tribunal of the country. I
submit that the gentleman is not the judge. Judge,
indeed ! On that ground Jefferson Davis has the
right to carry on ins treason,and no man has the
right to go forth and slay the traitor. You have
no right, sir, if'this be the rule, to place theimuk
of Cain upon his brow as his brothei 3a murderer
and drive him out a fugitive and a vagabond in
the earth, or hunt him down as a traitor, and send
forth legions six hundred thousand strong to in-
vest him in his treasonable capital, drag him to
the temple and the altar of justice, convict him
of his hellish treason, and m the solemn language
of the old law, u hang him by the neck until he
be dead." 1 want toknow whether, if the gen-
tleman's assumption is good for him, it is not
good for Jefferson Davis, who lias assumed to go
out of the Union because you did nut by law give
protection to slave property everywhere within
the legislative jurisdiction of the eoun h y, by land
and by sea; that is his position. There is no
question about it. He has spoken it more than
once in his character of president of the confed-
erate States of America.
The gentleman seems to be an apt student of
the original leader m this rebellion. 1 say, sir,
for myself, and it is because I apply the rule to
myself that I believe it ought to apply to the gen-
tleman, that it is my duty as a citizen of the^Re-
i public to bow to the majesty of the law in what-
j ever form it comes, and claiming for myself, if I
; deem the law unjust, the right which always be-
longs to the citizen, to seek its repeal by my vote
and my voice, and in the mode prescribed seek
its overthrow in the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try. That, sir, is the extent of my privilege and
of the privilege of every individual citizen acting
in his individual capacity. In saying this, I do
not deny the inherent, sacred right of revolution
in the people. I admit if the Government of the
United States arrogates powers which do not be-
long to it, imposes upon the people such burdens
as are too grievous to be borne, they may, as a
last resort, after all peaceable means of redress
have been faithfully tried and have failed, and if
further submission is more dangerous to their
lives and liberties than armed resistance—then,
and not till then, may they employ force. That
is the common judgment of mankind.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I subscribe to all that.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am glad that the gentle-
man does subscribe to it. If he subscribes to it
and acts upon it, he will not be swift to advise
Kentucky to arm to resist the Government of
the United States, if a majority of Congress, with
the President, conclude and legislate accordingly,
that the slaves of rebels m arms shall be declared
freemen, and shall be no longer compelled to sus-
tain treason.
This Government has the right—which belongs
to every legitimate Government known among
men—of self-preservation. If it becomes neces-
sary, in order to preserve the State, to sacrifice
the lives of the best, the bravest, the noblest in
the land, their lives must be sacrificed. In the
providence of God, it has always been and always
will be, to the end of time, a national necessity
that some must die that the State may live. The
question, then, is this: if it becomcs necessary
for the preservation of the Constitution and for the
maintenance of our nationality—the youngest
born and the noblest of the earth, known as the
Republic of the United States of America—to
sweep away tins modern civilizer of the childien
of Dahomey, will the gentleman, on that account,
rise in revolt against his country? That is the
question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Do you ask me that
question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; you have answered
it already.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I prefer the Constitu-
tion to nationality.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman prefers the
Constitution to nationality. 1 prefer not to be
diverted from my argument, nor needlessly inter-
rupted. There im no nationality without a con-
stitution, either written or unwritten. There
never was, and there never can be. You might
as well talk of pulsation without arterial action as
to talk of a nationality without a Constitution or
system of Government.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Has France got any >
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir, she has one.
Mr. WADSWORTH. France has a nation-
ality. 1 would not purchase it, by exchanging
our Constitution for ners.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes,sir; she is a national-
ity and she has a constitution of government, and
so has every othei nationality. 1 said a written
| oi unwritten constitution was essential to nation-
! ality. They are one and inseparable. They never
j did exist and never can exist sepaiately. There
I can be no constitution without a nation, and there
I can be no nation without a constitution; they go
j together. But I am amazed that a gentleman
; should come here and tell me that the Constitution
1 and this new civilizer are one and inseparable.
• That is what excites my special wonder!
| Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not tell you so.
i Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says lie did
not tell me so. It is hard to tell what he did mean
i by his interruption.
; Mr. WADSWORTH. If the gentleman will
| allow me, 1 will toll him what I did say.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield now.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 beg he will not fight
a man of straw.
Mr. BINGIIAM. T beg the gentleman's par-
don for supposing him to be a man of flesh and
blood..
Mr. WADSWORTH. What I said 
Mr. HICKMAN. 'I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield. I have de-
clined to do so.
Mr. HICKMAN. I know you do not yield,
but I have a right to make my point of order, and
it is this, that the gentleman from Kentucky is
the last man who should insist upon interrupting
when the person upon the floor resists it, for when
I came in here and announced my presence, he
would not allow me to do it, although I understood
he had something very odious to say in case I had
been present. That is the point of order that I
make; that the gentleman has no right to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Ohio, unless the gentle-
man from Ohio gives him permission to do so, and
I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Kentucky has a right to rise
and ask the gentleman from Ohio to yield the floor
to him, but he has not the right to proceed with
remarks without the consent of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not going to charge the
gentleman from Kentucky with saying that,if he
did not say it—nor have I.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I only ask fair play.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to any interruption.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I am about to make a
point of Older myself, and it is this, that the gen-
tleman, or the member from Pennsylvania, has no
ncht to get upund, under cover of making a point
of order, to make remarks about me.
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, I had the right to an-
swer just in the way I have answered. [Cries of
" Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. WADSWORTH. That is the point of
order I make.
Mr. HICKMAN. My point of order precedes
that of the gentleman from Kentucky, and he has
no right to pile one question of order upon an-
other.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to the gentleman from Ohio yield-
ing the floor any further. No interruption of the
speaker who is entitled to the floor can be allowed
except by unanimous consent, and therefore the
gentleman from Ohio cannot yield the floor even
on the request of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I beg pardon of the
gentleman from Ohio if I have been out of order
in interrupting him; but I see no occasion for any
indecency, such as the member from Pennsyl-
vania seems disposed to indulge in. [Shouts of
"Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. HICKMAN. If the member from Ken-
tucky pronounces it indecency on my part, I pro-
nounce it a libel on his part. [Renewed shouts
of " Order!" " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. These remarks are not in
order, and gentlemen will take their seats.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 will not permit interrup-
tion after the course which has been pursued by
the member from Kentucky here to-day. [Cries
of " Order!"]
Mr. WADSWORTH Thememberfrom Penn-
sylvania heard what I said.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, there is noth-
ing further from my puij>ose than to do injustice
to the gentleman from Kentucky, or to anybody
else. If the remark which I made does not apply
to the gentleman from Kentucky he ought not to
have interi upted me at all. For the honor of my
country, and in sacred regard for the Constitution
of my country, I alKrm that slavery and the Con-
stitution are not one and inseparable.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I do not say they are.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not say that the gen-
tleman does in express terms sa*y so. But I stand
here to repel all insinuations of that kind, come
from what quarter they may. I say, in the lan-
guage of Madison, that the Constitution is a great
charter of human liberty, and that it" would have
been wrong to admit in that instrument that there
could be property in man;" and hence its framers
declared that it was not fit to incorporate even the
word "slave" or "slavery" or " servitude" in
that instrument, foi it was intended to live through
all coming time, and it should not transmit to all
after generations of men the fact that any such
system of "civilization" as the African or do-
mestic slave trade,and all its kindred atrocities ex-
isted at any time among the American people or
within the limits of the Republic. The Constitu-
tion declares for liberty and justice, not for sla-
very and despotism.
