3122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
tor. furnishing information as to his action touching the
various matters indicated in the resolution.
I have the honor to be, verv resvctfully, your obedient
servant, fJDWlN M. STANTON,
Sccrctary of War.
[Ion. G A Grow, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Headquarters Department of tiie South,
Port Koya.l, sjoutii Carolina, June 23, lSb'2.
Srit: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a
communication from the Adjutant General of the Army,
dated June 13, J 833, requesting me to furnish you with the
mfoimation necessary to answei ceiiain resolutions intro-
duced in the House of Representatives, June 9, 186-2, on
motion of Hon. Mr. Wxcxliffk, ol Kentucky, their sub-
stance being to inquire—
1. Whether I had organized or was organizing a icgi-
ment of" fugitive slaves." in this department?
2. Whether any authority had been given to mc from the
War Department for such organization? and
3. Whether I had been furnished by order of the War
Department with clothing, uniforms, arms, equipments,
See., for sucii a force ?
Only having leceived the letter coveiing these inquiries
at a late hour on Saturday nijrht. I urge forward my an-
swer in time for the steamer sailing to-day (Monday)—this
haste preventing me Horn entering as minutely as I could
wish upon many points of detail, such as the paiamount
importance of the subject calls for. But, m view of the
near tei munition of the present session of Congress, and the
wide-spread interest winch mu^t have^becn awakened by
Mr. WicKLiFFi£*s> resolution*, I prefei sending even this
imperfect answer to waiting the peuod necessary for the
collection of fuller and more comprehensive data.
To the first question, therefore, I reply that no regiment
of " fugitive slaves" has beet* or is being organized in this
department. There is, however, a fine regiment of pei&ons
whose late master® are " fugitive rebelsmen who every-
where fly before the appearance of the national flag, leav-
ing their servants behind them to shut as best they can lor
themselves. So tar, indeed, are t!:e loyal persons compos-
ing this regimentfiom seeking to avoid the presence of their
late ownei*, that they are now, one and all, wot king with
remarkable industry to place themselves in a position to go
in full and effective pursuit ol their fugacious and tumorous
proprietor.
To the second question T have the honor to answer that
the instructions given to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman,
by Hon. Simon (Jmneion, late Secictary ot War, and turned
over to me by succession for my guidance, do distinctly au-
thorize me to employ all lojal pei.-.on<s offeiing their ser-
vices in defence of the Union and for the suppression of this
rebellion in any manner I might see fit, or that the eircum*
stances might call for There is no restriction as to the
ehaiacter or color of the persons to be employed, oi the na-
tuic of the employment, whethei civil or military, in which
their services should be used. I conclude, therefore, that
I have been authorized to enlist<s fugitive slaves" as sol-
dier*, could any such bo touml m this department. No such
chaiacters, however, have yet appeared within view of our
most advanced pickets; the loyal slaves everywhere re-
maining on their plantations to welcome us, aid us, and
supply us with iood, laboi, and infoi ination. Itisthemas-
teis who have in every instance been the u fugitives,>' run-
ning away fiom loyal slaves as well as loyal soldiers, and
whom we have only partially been able to see—chiefly their
heads ovei ramparts, or, rifle in hand, dodging behind trees —
in the extreme distance. In the absence ot any u fugitive
master law," the deseitod slaves would he wholly wnhout
ituuedy, had not the eume of tieason given theui the light
to puisue, capture, and hung back tbo-e poi-on-, ol who-e
piotection they had been thus suddenly beieft.
To the third interrogatory it is my pamlul duly to lepJy
that I never have icceived any specific authoitty lot i.-^ucs
of clothing, utulomi'S arm-', cqinpiifents See , to the tioops
in question—my geueial in-ti uct/on^ fioiri Mi. Carneion to
employ them in any manner I might find neeessaiy, and the
militaiy exigencies of the depaitment and the country be-
ing my oulv, but, in my judgment, sufficient justification.
Neithei have I had any specific autfioi ity lor supplying these
peisons with -hovrls, spades, and piclta\cs when employ-
ing them as lahoieis-, nor with boats and oars when iHinir
them a* lighteunen; but these aie not points included m
Mr. Wickupfk'8 resolution. To me it seemed that libeity
to employ men m any particular capacity implied wiih it
liberty also to supply them with the neeessaiy tool*. ; and
acting upon this laith I have clothed, equipped, and aimed
the only loyal legiment yet jai-ed m South Caiolma.
, i mu t say, m vindie.uion of my own conduct, that had
'it not been lor the many other diveisified and unpeiatlve
claims on inv time a much moie satisiactory ie>uit might
have been hoped foi ; and that in place ot only one, as at
present, at le.ist five or six well-drilled, biave, and thoi-
oughly acclimated regiments t-hould by this tnnetiave been
added to the lojal force-* of tiie Union.
'i'he experiment oi aiming the blacks, so fai as f have
mule it, has been a complete and even maiveioiis *.ucce^.
They are sober, docile, attentive, and emhu-ia-itie, di-pla\ -
ing ijroat natural capacities 101 acqu,rm<r the duties ot the
roidier. They are eager beyond all thing** to take the field
and be led into action ; and it ii the unanimous opinion of
the officers wiio have had charge of them, that m the pecu-
liarities of this climate and country tin y will piove invalu-
able auxihai ies, fully equal to the similar regiments ••o long
ami successfully Used by the British authorities in the West
India Islands,
in conchi-ion, I would say it is my hope—there appeal-
ing no possibility ofothei icinloroements owing to the ex-
igencies of the campaign in the peninsula—to have organ-
ized by the end of next lail. and to h<* able to present to the
Government, uoiu foitv-eight to lifty thousand of these
hardy and devoted soldiers.
Trusting that this lettt r may foim part of your answer to
Mi. Wickliffe's lesoJiifoiis, I have the lionot to be, most
respectfully, your obedient servant, D. HUNTER,
Major General Commanding,
Hon. E&win M- Stanton,
of Wnrx WoshlngtoA.
But I throw him overboard, and hold the Secre-
tary of War responsible for this breach of ordi-
nary courtesy between the head of a Department
of the Government and this House. He has in-
dorsed it, and it is now for the House to say
whether we have airived at a time in the history
of legislation for the last twelve or eighteen months,
under the influence of circumstances which brought
us together, when the House of Representatives
is willing to accept a deliberate insult in response
' to a respectful and legitimate call.
I desired not to have the necessity imposed upon
me to make this call. My acquaintance and per-
sonal relations with the Secretary of War were
such that I felt it my duty not to act upon rumor,
and especially upon anything I saw in the columns
of the Tribune which would imply his sanction of
such a movement, and therefore 1 desired to have
formal information in relation to the fact whether
they were true or false. It turns out to be true
that the process of organizing the slaves of this
country as soldiers of the American Army has
been resorted to. These slaves were found upon
the plantations of their masters, the owners hav-
ing fled, dreading, perhaps, the power of the Army
or personal violence. I pass over the question of
the right of capture. I do not condemn their use
as laborers in the Army in any way when such
labor was useful.
This is not the only objection to the negro mil-
itary force. I do not know whom to blame, or
whom to hold to account. I see one branch of
the Government, headed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, engaged in large, 1 was about to say
extensive, I will certainly say expensive, farming
in that country. I say he is there engaged, or pre-
tends to be engaged, in raising cotton with about
nine thousand slaves, old, young, and decrepid.
1 find that lie has there what is called in that coun-
try an overseer, but 1 think he is dignified by the
name of agent of the Treasury, Mr. French. I
have before me Mr. French's report, and I will
dispose of the farming department before I come
to the military operations of the Government or
the action of the officers of the Governmeritthere.
Allow me to read one section of Mr. Fiench's re-
port for the benefit of the country people, as John
Randolph used to say, because I want the country
to understand these operations; they are interested
in them. They have to foot the bill, and should
be entitled to the profits.
My own opinion is, as Congress has established
a Department of Agriculture, and if they are de-
termined to continue the operation of growing cot-
ton m that country, Congress hud better, by some
resolution, instruct the Secretary of the Treasury
to hand that mattei over to the bureau of farming
opeiations; foi I think, so far as I can judge, that
the Secretary of the Treasury will have his hands
full to guard the finances of the country, and he
will not have time to attend to the business of rais-
ing, packing, and selling cotton.
Now, as to Mr. French; he gives a long and
interesting detail of his operations there, and the
difficulties he encountered. He said he made one
discovery, and that was that h made no difference
whether the superintendent and the men who had
charge of the business knew anything about the
growing of cotton or not, for he found the negroes
understood it much better, they said, than their
masters understood it. Having divided off the
slaves and allotted them to certain plantations, he
speaks of the planting season coming upon him, of
the difficulties he encountered, and then he comes
to his great master and head of fanning operations
here, with his complaint. He is not the first man
who has complained of the improper interference
of the military power with the civil authority.
He says:
u The order of Major Genet a! Hunter compelling the able-
bodied men to go to Hilton Head on May 12, where a pio-
po! f ion of them still remain against their will, pioduced ap-
piehenMon among thoe people as to our intentions In rela-
tion to tilem, and distuibed the woik on the plantations, the
force of which has been greatly reduced, leaving the women
and children over twelve >earsof age as the mam reliance
on many plantations. The special agent entered a piotest
against the otder and its har>h execution, and the retention
of any not disposed to enlist; but the civil being subordi-
nate to military powei, no fuither action could be taken.
'-The cases of di&cipime for idleness have been very few,
and cannot have exceeded, if they have equaled, foity on
the islands. These have, been lepoited to the military au-
thorities and been acted upon by them.
" It is not pretended that many of these laborers could not
have done more than they have done, or that in persistent
application they are tins equals of race** living in colder and
more bracing latitudes. They generally went to their work
quite early in the morning and returned at noon, often ear-
lier, working, however, industriously while they were in
the field. Late in the afternoon they worked upon their
private patches. They protested again'-t working on Satur-
days. A contrary rule was, however, prescribed and en-
forced, and they dm double work on Saturday in order to
secure for themselves the day following. As they were
making themselves self-supporting by the amount of work
which could be obtained from them without discipline,
it was thought advisable, under the present condition of
thing?, not to exact more, but to await the full effect of
moral and material inspirations, which can in time be ap-
plied."
Ah! these are the very negroes who, Hunter
says, were so anxious to get at their masters that'
he could scarcely restrain them.
I read this for the purpose of showing that this
man Hunter does not speak too truly when he
says these men entered the service with alacrity and
with an anxious desire to be led in pursuit of their
"fugacious masters." When he said that, he did
not obey one of the chief of the commandments,
"Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbor."
Now, sir, I have not done with this man's false
representations to this nation and to this House
upon this subject. 1 have not been idle in refer-
ence to his management of affairs at Port Royal;
I felt a deep and solicitous desire that the Army,
having struck the rebellion in its stronghold, should
succeed; and while General Sherman, whom I do
not know, was permitted to remain there, I had
hopes of his ultimate success in striking down the
rebellion in its stronghold. I do not know Mr.
Sherman. I have never seen him; but 1 tell you
what I believe—for I have it from information that
1 cannot doubt—that, as a soldier, he would not
waste the energies of the Army or the means of
the nation put under his care to feed and clothe
the Army and advance the cause of the country
in that section; that he would not spend his time
or the means of the Government in feeding these
negroes found upon their master's plantation, and
for that cause he was removed, and for no other
icason, so far as I have any information on the
subject. Some one, in making a speech in the
earlier part of the session, said that if John Brown
was alive he ought to take command of the south-
em army, and he would soon end the war. Well,
they could not get John Brown, but they got an-
other man who promises to play out John Brown's
raid. But, sir, to the point: when this man says
these negioes entered into the service with alac-
rity, with zeal, with patriotism, and that they
have impioved, and are susceptible of receiving
mihtary instruction beyond his sanguine expecta-
tions; and that, if he is permitted to and has the
means, he will have an army of forty or fifty thou-
sand of them before the fall season opens. I hold
in my hand a letter written by an officer of the
Army—I presume a member of a Michigan regi-
ment—that was addressed to the editor of the
Detroit Free Press. I know nothing of the poli-
tics of tiie paper. Some one told me that it was
Republican in its character.
A Member. That is a mistake. It is Demo-
cratic.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Well, so much the better.
It is more likely to tell the truth. [Laughter.]
Here is the letter. I will read it, or let the Clerk
read it for me.
The Clerk read the letter, which is as follows:
" Since my last, matteis both of agrave and comical na-
tine have taken place m out division. Abolitionism is run-
ning rampant. In the fii«t place, oui bngade was. electrified
with an order that there were to be two regiment* of negroes
raised and aimed, and our legiment was honored with an
oi der to fui ni*.h non-com missioned officers who were will-
ing to take the position of officers in one of the regiments.
To the everlasting honoi ot the regiment there wa-> but one
man found who would allow himself to be used for any such
puipoac, After leciuitmg loi two week* and only getting
but twenty or tliuty negioe*, it was found that it would not
work. Geneial Hunter then comes out with a proclama-
tion declanng every negro in the States of South Carolina,
Georgia, and I^lorida Irce, and entitled to all the rights of
free men—with one stioke of his pen accomplishing that
which the Government itself has no right to do under the
Constitution. The next morning after the order foi freeing
the negio, came one from the same source, ordering cveiy
able-bodied negro within the lines of our brigade to be col-
lected together and sent under guard to HiltonTRead, to form
the grand negro army. It was a militaiy oiuer, and had to
be obeyed, and such scenes as were enacted in our midst
are a disgiace to any civilized people, and far outstrip any
real or fancied description of the negro traders in 4 Uncle
Tom.'
" What has probably taken place in individual instances
under their former masters, now took place by wholesale
under the piesent one, although the negro was fre«, be it re-
membered. A  the negroes would not go willingly, patrols
