2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Willi the original rolls and superintend the printing. The
very object of yiis printing is to furnish the people with
authentic copies; and, from their nature, printed copies of
this kind, either of public or privaU lan's, are as much to
be depended 071 as the exemplification, \ enfteri bv an offi-
cer who is a kerpci of the record "—Greenlcafs Evidence,
vol. 1, sec. 480.
If we sum up the whole argument 011 this topic
we shall find that the present system has its ori-
gin in an ancient usage, the reason of which has
long since ceased; that there is no necessity for
its continuance; that it is contrary to convenience;
that it is contrary to the example of France, and
even of England, from whom it was derived; that
it is contrary to the usage of our own States in their
legislative action; and that a change would do
something, at least, to simplify our proceedings.
Should it be deemed advisable to make the
change,it might be done by substituting the words
"linen paper " for "parchment," in the 6th joint
rule. This would be simple enough ; but the
phrases "engrossed "and "enrolled " would still
remain, although the occasion for them had
passed. In the British Parliament the old form
of question, "That this bill be engrossed?" which
always followed after the committee, is now dis-
pensed with, (May's Parliamentary Practice, p.
454,) and it seems to me that we might do some-
thing to simplify our proceedings in this respect,
also.
I have here a complete collection of bills, as
printed , at their different stages, in the two Houses
of Parliament, as follows:
Bdl as delivered to each member of the House
of Commons.
House copy of bill originating in the Commons.
Bill as presented by the Commons to the Lords,
after passing: the Commons.
Bill as delivered to each peer.
House copy of bill originating in the Lords.
Bill as presented by the Lords to the Commons,
after passing the Lords.
Bill on vellum, as passed both Houses, and
ready for the royal assent.
All these I shall, if he will allow me, hand over
to the chairman of the Committee 011 Enrolled
Bills, who, I trust, will do something for the im-
provement of our rules in this respect.
The resolution was adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
other morning business or special motion inter-
posed, the Chair will call tip the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill (H. R. No. 260)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1863.
The bill is before the Senate, the question being
011 the amendment moved by the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Hahlan.]
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Iowa
is not in his seat at this moment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to rcconsider
the vote adopting the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.1
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
had better be here before we do that.
Mr. DOOLIITLE. I believe that, upon con-
sultation, the amendment can be put in such a
shape that it will meet the unanimous assent of the
Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Nevertheless we shall
have to reconsider the vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent the Chair will receive the motion of the
Senator from ICansas to reconsider the vote agree-
ing to an amendment moved by the Senator from
Ohio.
-^SSENDEN. J think action on that
should be deferred until the Senator from Ohio
co?les He has just stepped out.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the Senate to 1
permit me to call the yeas and nays upon the
question of rejecting the amendment proposed for j
„e„ t of Wyandotte Indians" It throws !
TnZ? ? ,v ?dl"s of two or thre« hundred j
JhoS*t'l ? T is nothing on the record that
shows that I opposed it. I should like to move '
a reconsideration of the vote i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These several
motions can be entertained only in their order. I
Amotion to reconsider is a privileged motion, and
will be entertained in its order. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, now in his seat.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs and the
chairman of the Committee on Finance have been
consulting together, and if they have agreed to
another form of amendment, I will ask leave to
withdraw this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As the bill
was called up prematurely, there being no other
business before the Senate, it will be suspended for
consultation upon thatquestion, ifSenatorsdesire.
Mr. DOGLITTLE. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Kansas to reconsider the vote adopting
the amendment which was offered by the Senator
from Ohio will now be in order. The Senator
from Ohio is in his place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
motion to reconsider, because I have been shown
an amendment which I think will accomplish the
purposes of all.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is now open to
modification or amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The vote can be put, and
it can be rejected. Another amendment will be
offered that covers it.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Iowa to have with-
drawn his amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir. I ask leave to with-
draw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
has power to withdraw it. It is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now offer the following
amendment, to insert at the end of the House bill
the following proviso:
Provided father, That the Pi cedent is authorized to e,x
pend such part of the amounts heretofore appropriated and
not fxponded and heieinbetoic appropriated, f'oi the benefit
of the tubes named m the pieeeilmg proviso, as he may deem
necessary foi the iclief and suppoitof such individual mem-
bers of such tribes have been driven uom their home and
reduced to want on account of tln:ir Jovaltv to the Govern-
ment, and an account siiaii he kept ot the sums so paid lor
the bencfttof &uoh tribe; which account&hall he rendoicd to
Congress at the commcncenieritof'tiie nextsess&ion thcieof;
and all put chafes ot ai tides for the pin po^es above set forth
shall be made on advcrti>ement,as provided in other easy*,
and an account shall berendeicdof all such purchases with
a statement of the prices p:nd therefor: Jlnd provided fa-
ther , That in any ease where the tribal organization of any
Indian tribe shall be in actual hostility to the United States,
the President is hereby authorized by proclamation to de-
clare all treaties with such tube to* bo abrogated by such
tribe, if, in his opinion, the same can be done consistently
with good faith and legal and national obligations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to reconsider
the vote rejecting the amendments for the relief of
the Wyandottes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The vote on that amend-
ment, was in regard to a question of order. The
decision was that the amendment was out oforder.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
inquire of the Senator from Kansas if the amend-
ment to which he refers was one upon which the
question was submitted to the Senate whether it
should be received as in order under the 30th rule.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. T think so.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then there
was no action upon the amendment itself. It was
ruled to be out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the yeas and nays
were taken on that question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly. Thevotewas
taken by yeas and nays on the question whether
the amendment should be received, and the Sen-
ator voted in the affirmative,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am confident the
yeas and nays were not called on that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes they were. Was
it not the amendment moved by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Wilson?]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The yeas and nays were
taken on that, and it was ruled out of order by I
the Senate. The Senator is safe upon the record. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not j
a subject of reconsideration. |
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota that the night before last I stated
expressly that I would consent that the bill might
go over provided it was generally understood that
the amendment then pending was the lastamend-
ment to be offered, and nobody dissented from it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state what it is, and
I think it is absolutely necessary. There wasone
amendment in the list of printed amendments of-
fered by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs in these words:
For deficiency in the contingent fund of the Indian de-
partment (owing to the unusual demand upon the same) for
the balance of the half year ending June 30,186-2, $15,000.
That was rejected in Committee of the Whole,
and has not been offered again in the Senate. I
now offer an amendment appropriating $10,000 for
this purpose, and I think it is absolutely neces-
sary that it should be done. I wish to state 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will allow the amendment to be read, that the Sen-
ate may understand the proposition, before debate
can be in order upon it. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
For deficiency in the contingent fund of the Indian de-
partment for tile balance of the half year ending June 30,
1662, $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does the Senator
propose to insert it?
Mr. WILKINSON. At the end of the House
bill, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As an addi-
tional section to the bill, the Chair presumes.
Mr. WILKINSON. In the management of
Indian affairs a great deal must necessarily depend
upon the discretion of the Department. There
are many things that frequently arise requiring an
expenditure of money. This fund is now entirely
exhausted,as I understand from the Commission-
er, so that if any trouble should arise and an offi-
cer or an agent should be required to travel any-
where to attend to the interests of the Indian
department there would be no fund out of which
to pay him. I can state a circumstance which
illustrates how this fund is used. Just before I
came here at the commencement of this session a
very outrageous murder had been committed on
some Indians in the northwestern part of the State
of Wisconsin. An agent from that State came
down to St. Paul, and I advised him to take some
extraordinary means to pursue and capture the
murderer. I thought it was necessary to do so
in order to preserve peace among the Indians.
He did it, and the Interior Department paid him
his actual expenses, some two or three hundred
dollars, out of the contingent fund of the Indian
office; it was the only fund that could be used for
the purpose. A great many other expenses arise
that have to be met out of this fund. Unless it. is
kept up we take the power out of the hands of the
Department to do anything exceptuse the moneys
that are actually appropriated and for the specific
purposes for which they are appropriated.
I wish to say another thing. Some remarks
were made here the other day in regard to the
management of Indian affairs, which, if not cor-
rected, might lead some to suppose that the af-
fairs of that office are badly managed. Now, I
believe that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
is a strictly honest and intelligent officer. That
he may have made some mistakes when first en-
tering upon the duties of his office, is not to bo
wondered at; but that he has discharged his du-
ties as faithfully and as economically as any offi-
cer in this Government, I have not the least doubt.
1 have no fear of trusting him with this necessary
fund, which has always been allowed heretofore
to the department. I think it ought to be granted.
If we refuse it, we refuse to grant to the depart-
ment what has always been granted to it hereto-
fore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is notexactly so. We
have already made an appropriation, which I sup-
pose is exhausted, and the question is whether we
shall make another. That is the amount of it.
It is rather a new thing to come in and ask an ad-
ditional appropriation lor the same year for which
an appropriation for a contingent fund has already
been made, because that has been exhausted. No
account has been rendered. It is said there have
been unexpected calls upon the fund. With re-
