180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 30,
was upon the adoption of the resolution, or I
would not have said a word.
Mr. MALLORY. Do I understand thatasingle
objection will defeat the resolution?
The SPEAKER. A single objection will pre-
vent its reception.
Mr. MALLORY. I object, then.
Mr. POTTER. I trust I shall be allowed to
say a word in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to that.
I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin will proceed if no objection be made.
No objection was made.
• Mr. POTTER. I think it is important and
necessary, a'fter what has just transpired, that I
ahould make a few remarks in reply to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky; and also in answer to the
inquiry of the gentleman from New York.
The remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky
might have been proper and pertinent were the
question now before the House as to the appoint-
ment of this committee. But the committee has
already been appointed by the House. It was
appointed at the July session of Congress. The
committee has been at work during the period
which has intervened; and in reply to the inquiry
of the gentleman from New York as to whether
we have permitted to come or have called before
us clerks charged with being disloyal, I frankly
say to him that we have not. The reason why
the committee adopted the resolution to send the
charges which had been made before them, with
the evidence, as to the disloyalty of certain clerks
to the heads of Departments, was for the purpose
of enabling the clerks so charged to have the op-
portunity of going before their respective heads
of Departments, who have the whole control of
the matter, and vindicate themselves against the
charges, if it was in their power to do so. The
committee has no power and has claimed the ex-
ercise of no power of dismissal. They have
merely sent the evidence taken by them to the
Departments, where the diameter of the clerks
could bo properly further investigated, and where
theclerks could be heard in their own defense.
Gentlemen will see that it is utterly impossible,
in an investigation of this kind, making the in;
quiry as extensive as we were charged by the
House to make it, covering as much ground as
we were instructed to cover in our investigations,
to permit clerks who were charged with disloy-
alty to come before us. The committee is no
court to decide any matter; it is merely a com-
mittee of inquiry. The object of the House in
organizing the committee was to inquire into the
number and names of disloyal persons who wore
retained in the employ of the Government. It did
not refer merely to clerks, but to all persons in
the employ of the Government in all its Depart-
ments. And when the gentleman from Kentucky
attempts to excite the sympathy of the House and
the country in behalf of these persons, I tell him
that there are to-day, in the various Executive
Departments of the Government, notwithstanding
the desire upon the pait of the heads of the De-
partments to free themselves from such persons,
not less than five hundred clerks still retained who
are disloyal to tins Government. There are men,
hundreds, still in the employ of the Executive De-
partments who, since the commencement of this
rebellion, have never been heard to express one
word of sympathy for the Government m its hour
of peril and in its efforts to overcome the insur-
rection. There is no gentleman on this commit-
tee who has taken part in this investigation who
is not fully impiessed with the fact that a very
large number of disloyal men are still in the em-
ploy of the Government.
The gentleman from Kentucky says the heads
of Departments are capable of judging of the char-
acter of these clerics. I tell you, Mr. Speaker, I
tell this House, I tell the country, that the heads
of Departments have not all done their duty m
this respect. If they had there would not be such
a state of things as exists at this moment. I do
not charge upon them any willful neglect of duty,
and I do not wish to be understood as makin^
such a charge.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me for a moment ? Did I understand him as charg-
ing that these heads of Departments had not done
their duty in this matter?
Mr. POTTER. I did so charge.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have no answer to make.
I leave that charge to be answered by others.
Mr. POTTER. I did so charge; but I also
said that I did not charge, and did not wish to be
understood as charging, any head of a Depart-
ment with being willfully derelict of duty. I do
not know how that may be; but I do say they
have not performed their duty. I do not attrib-
ute to them any motive in relation to the matter.
It is possible that in the pressure of other duties,
they have been unable to give due attention to
this; that they have been unable to make the
necessary inquiry into the loyalty of their em-
ployes. I will say, however, what has been
frequently said to me by some of the heads of
Departments, that this committee, by this inves-
tigation, and by thus furnishing them the evi-
dence taken before them, had afforded a channel
of information which they otherwise could not
have had.
But, sir, it would have been impossible for us
to have discharged the duty imposed upon us by
the House if we had in the outset adopted a reso-
lution calling before us every clerk and other
person in the employ of the Government charged
with disloyalty. The committee would, by such
a course of action, have resolved themselves into
a court for the trial of these persons on the charge
of disloyalty. Every member of the House will
see that if we had entered upon such a proceeding
wc should never have been able to make a report to
this House during this Congress. But I will state
that in numerous instances these persons having
heard thatthey were charged withdisloyalty,came
before the committee and called God to witness
that they were loyal men. In many instances they
produced letters from Senators and members of
this House testifying that they were loyal; and yet
these very men, find.ng they could avail nothing
before the committee, and could not retain their
places in the Departments in which they were em-
ployed, have left the city and the District and are
no w'to be found in the ranks of the enemy fighting
against this Government. There are numerous
instances of this kind.
Where evidence has come before the committee
of reliable men—of men of high character and good
standing in the community—that persons em-
ployed by the Government are disloyal, we have
not considered it necessary or proper to call before
us the persons against whom the evidence was
given. If a man who is at heart disloyal will vol-
untarily retain his positionundertheGovernment,
is there a loyal man m this House or this country
who would believe him under oath ? He is al-
ready a perjured man. He has aheady violated
the oath he took to support the Government and
the Constitution of the United States, and is 110
longer fit to be trusted.
The gentleman from New York asks why these
poor, persecuted men were not permitted to ap-
pear before us in their own defense. Because
such men who are properly charged with disloy-
alty have no right to ask to come before the com-
mittee; they have no right to ask to be retained in
any position under this Government. I say that
in these times no man should be retained in the
employ of the Government against whom there is
a reasonable suspicion as to his loyalty. I say
that in times like these no head of Department
has Uie right to require from a committee of in-
vestigation, or from any other source, evidence
against an employe under him strong enough to
hang him for treason before he will dismiss him.
Yet that seems to be the position taken by the
heads of some of the Depaitments.
1 contend that a different rule should have been
adopted, and should now be established. No man
should be permitted by any head of a Department
to retain a position in the employ of the Govern-
ment for a day who was not known, beyond all
dispute, to be a loyal man. That is the view
which the committee has unanimously taken of
this question. There are hundreds of cases now
in the Departments which we have been unable to
reach; cases of individuals who never express
their opinions in relation to this rebellion; men
who have never been heard to utter a sentiment
expressive of sympathy with the Government in
its imperiled condition since this rebellion was
inaugurated, while they receive their daily bread
from the national Treasury. It is for such men
that the gentleman from Kentucky asks the sym-
pathy of the House. I do not understand the
feeling that prompts a desire of this kind.
I repeat, that the inquiry which this resolution
proposes is necessary, in order that the commit-
tee may obtain information which the House has
directed them to obtain. We cannot make our
report to the House unless the heads of Depart-
ments are willing to furnish us with the names of
the persons who are still in the employ of the
Government, against whom evidence has been
furnished by the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to the reception of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It cannot, then, be received.
PORTS OF ENTRY.
Mr. STEVENS. I should be glad to introduce
a bill of which I gave notice some time ago, with
a view of having it placed upon file and printed.
I will afterwards move that its consideration be
postponed until some future day. The bill is to
repeal certain acts creating ports of entry.
There being no objection, tile bill was received
and read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. As the House is rather thin
to-day, I propose to make some observations upon
this subject. I think a bill providing for the re-
peal of all laws creating ports of entry in the re-
bellious States ought to have been passed at the
last Congress. I reported such a bill; but there
were too many peace conventions and border
State conferences, and too much amiable timidity
in this House to allow it to pass—it might offend
the rebels. I again reported'it at the extra ses-
sion; it was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and smothered. I now intend to ask a
vote of the. House on it. The Government has
suffered serious disadvantage for the want of it.
They have been compelled to put themselves in
a false position by attempting to close the ports,
and calling it a blockade. Nations do not, cor-
rectly speaking, blockade their own ports. That
term applies only to operations against foreign
nations. When a blockade is declared, it is a
quasi admission of the independent exislence of
the people blockaded. Foreign Powers have then
a right to raise the question of the efficiency of
theblockade. Evadingitwhenimperfectly main-
tained,is legitimate trade. Nations may lay em-
bargo on their own ports at pleasure. Every
nation has a right to say how many of their har-
bors shall be ports of entry. Foreign nations can
enter none other. Collectors and custom-houses
are maintained in none but ports of entry. No
duties can be collected 111 any other, and any tvade
with them is smuggling. With this right foreign
nations cannot interfere. The right to create and
indicate ports of entry and delivery is one of the
acknowledged prerogatives of sovereignty. Har-
bors not declared ports of entry need no blockade
to exclude commerce. The law blockades them.
Respect for that law is safer than fleets. If not
respected, its violation creates no international
trouble. The offending party is not protected by
its Government. We might confine our whole trade
to New York, Boston, and Charles ton if we chose;
andfoieign nations could not complain or dictate.
How much easier would it be to stop trade with
the rebel States if they had no ports of entry than
now. The hopes of the forfeiture would induce
swarms of private vessels to watch the smugglers.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether the provisions of his bill
are consistent with that clause of the Constitution
which gives to all ports of entry the same privi-
leges ?
Mr. STEVENS. The Constitution, itis true,
provides that all ports of entry shall be treated
alike; but it does not provide that you shall create
certain ports of entry.
Mr. OLIN, But you have created them.
Mr. STEVENS. You have created them ports
of entry, and you can repeal the laws so creating
them. There is no doubt at all upon this point.
No gentleman will deny that. You must put all
ports of entry upon the same footing; but when
you have passed laws making certain places ports
of entry, you can repeal those laws. This bill
places all ports of entry now existing in the rebel
States upon the same footing. We are not com-
pelled to create ports of entry anywhere, unless
we choose. Thatisfoi Congress alone to determ-
ine.
It may be said that commercial nations would
