182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
pie and others, of Lake Superior county, Wis-
consin, praying for the establishment of a weekly
mail during the opening of navigation, by steam-
boat, from Detroit, Michigan, to Superior, Wis-
consin; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens of
St. Paul, Minnesota, praying Congress to estab-
lish a national armory on Rock Island, Illinois;
which was laid on the table.
NEUTRAL AND BELLIGERENT RIGHTS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, il' not incompatible with the public scrvlcc, to fur-
nish to the Senate copies of all conespondcncc 011 the files
of the Depiutmcnt of State since the congress of P.uis in
1856, and not heretofore furnished, relating to neutral and
belligerent rights 011 the ocean.
REGULATION OF UNITED STATES MINT.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of crcanngadistinct bureau
of the Treasury Department to contiei and legulatc all
matters relating to the United States Mint
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Military AITahs and
the Militia he instructed to consider the expediency of re-
pealing or modifying the act of July 29, 1861, "to increase
the piesent military establishment of the United States."
CAVALRY REGIMENTS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy ofWai he directed torepoit
to the Senate the number of cavalry ie§iinpnts authorized,
the number mustered into the seiviee, wboio '.stationed, the
condition of their equipment, and whether the public ser-
vice would be promoted b} converting the eavahy legi-
inents authorized, but not nmateied into the scivioe, into
iofcntiy regiments.
SANITARY COMMISSION.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the repoit of the Samtaty Commis-
sion on the health of the Auny,aml then operation-; m
relation to the sdtne, as also the repoit of the Surgeon
General on the same subject, if any has been rendered.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE MARYLAND LEGISLATURE.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the following reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Maryland; which
were lead und ordered to be printed:
Resolution?.
The General A««einhly ol'Mniylmui have seen with con-
cern certain indications at ihet-eat oi the General Govern-
ment of an mteriereneo with .slavery m the Ma\ eholdmg
Slates, and cannot hesitate to e.\[ue>.stheir sentiments and
those ot the people they represent, m iegaid to a policy f-o
unwise and mischievous. Thi.s wai is ptosecnted by'the
nation with but one object; thai, n.tmelv. of a icstoiation
of the Union just it was when the leb'ellion broke out.
The rebellious States arc to be biouuht back to then places
in the Union, without change or diminution of then con-
stitutional lights. In the language of the lesolution adopted
by both House's of Congress at e\tia so* ion in Julyla-r,
with icinarlcahle unanimity, this war isdcclaied to Ik'pros,
ecuted, not "m any spirit of  pptcs*ioi),oi for any pnrpo-e
ot conquest or r-uhjugatioii, or purpose of overtinowing or
interl'eiing with the itgius or established institution* ottho-e
States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and to piescrve the rTiuon, with .ill ihe dig-
nity, equality, and rnjhN of the several Staffs unimpane'd;
and that a*soon as those objects aie accomplished the wai
ought to cease/'
The ohjeets and purposes of ihe war thus impro-^ivelj
declared, are those alone winch the nation can i ezhtfnlh
contemplate ih its prosecution; and the moment the object
of the Avar changes hom a MinpJc restoration of tlie Union,
as known to the Constitution, to something < Ise in conflict
with the guarantees ot that instrument, fiom that moment
the war itseli changes its character.
The duty of the Government 111 a great crisis like the
piesent is a very pi-un one—it is to preserve, piotect and
defend the Constitution of the United State*; and thank-
lul, as we have ie:i>on to be, tor our exempt-on ftom the
devastation and rum of civil war, we rely Uuthoi upon
the wisdom and firmnessof the PreMdonr, 111 the di^char^c
ot the high and bolemti tru-r committed to hi-; bands to
icsi-Jt and rebuke all attempts, hum anyandtioni o\eiv
quarter^ looonvi I th. •- w ar into a cuwade against the in-
stitution or domestic .slavciyas it evicts ui the >ouMiern
States, under the uuatantees o) the Constitution. 01 to take
advantage ot the troubled condition ot oui counl.y for the
giatific.Uion ui pei.sonal view.- or bectionai p;<judiecv
It is therefore, in accordance with these views,
1. Resolved by the General Jlsscmbhj of Maryland, That
we coidiaily appiove of the resolution passed at the extra
session of Congress already alluded to, and earnestly desire
that, in the prosecution of the war. the sentiments and pur-
poses it announce? as the deliberate judgment ot the nation,
nmv he steadily kept in view and faithfully adhered to by-
all ihe Departments of the Government, and by our armies
ui the field.
2. Resolved, That our confidence in the wisdom, firm-
ness, and moderation of I^iesident Lincoln remains undi-
minished. That we have seen with appioval and gratifi-
casion the sentiments announced by the Pi evident in his
recent message to Congiess, presenting lus views of the
course to be pursued in suppressing the insurrection, and
declaring his anxiety that "the inevitable conflict foi this
purpose shall notdcgeneiato into a remorseless revolution-
ary struggle," and that in cveiy case he has thought it propei
to keep the mtegiity 01'the Union the primary object ot the
contest on the part of the Government.
3. Resolved, That the wisdom of the policy announced
in the said icsohmon of Congress has been signally exem-
plified in the peaceful tnumpi) achieved by Major General
Dix, by ins admirable piockunation issued in conioinuty
with its spirit and put poses to the people of Aceomae and
Noithampton counties of the eastern shore of Vnginia, 011
the 10th ultimo. And we believe; it would be pioduetivc
of beneficial refills if Congress would at the present tunc
reatlirm the pnnciplcs of that lesolution, and theicby give
assurance that it pioclaims the fixed policy oi the Govern-
ment.
1. Resolved, That Maryland is readv to fulfill all her con-
stitutional obligations to the General Government, as a
loyal State 01' the Union, and desnes that the mtegiity of
the Union ma> be preserved and the supremacy of the Con-
stitution restoied.
5. Resolved, That the Governor bo icquested to transmit
copies of the foregoing preamble and 1 evolutions to the
President of the United States, and to oui Scnatois and
Representatives in Congress.
He also presented the following, which were
disposed of in like manner:
Resolutions.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Delegates of Mary-
land, That the Constitution of the United States, so admi-
rably fiamed b.v the wi-dom of onrfoicfatbcif, 1-3 iceognized
by the people of Maryland as the ehaiterof their Iiheitics
—the foundation, support, and piorection of their lights,
and the main souice of ai! then piospenty; that they air
at all um^-s icadyemdiaily to 1 enow the e.\pic<siou of their
devotion to its punciples; that they umesci vedly acknowl-
edge the supremacy of all laws made ui pursuance thereof,
and lepudiato eveiy construction of that instrunienc which
would de>tioy its efficiency, its veiv existence, indeed, by
the asseition ot any light expieised, implied, 01 reserved
in the State.s to secede liom the Union; and though they
consider the right ot levolutron, for ]u^tifinblr* cau;-c, mho-
icnt in evety people, they unhesitatingly declaic that they
know no exiting cause to justify the people ot the United
States in attempting the ov< rfhrow of then Goveinment.
2. Resolved, That Ihe duty and intercut 0!' the people of
Maiyland alike foi bid that they fhould take pait in the in-
latuatcd and >uicidal rebellion'which now seeks to sepa-
rate the States of this Union, ami to dcstioy that great
nationality which has made us prospeiou? at home and 10-
.spected abroad, which tepnration, if accomplished, must
result m the mo?t scnoua disaster to all th" States, but
fiom the peeulintityof our geogtaphical position, eanhiing
to oui own State nothing hut iuetiievable mm.
:3. Resolved, That the present unhappy and tiatricidal wat
has b'-en forced upon the Government ol the T7iuted States
by the .--editions and unlawful acts <>! those who have at-
tempted its overthrow by violence, and the State of Maiy-
lund will cheeiiuily eontiibuto hei [jiopniuon of tnen and
mean •< tfi .sustain the nation m it su ugsl^ toi exist once so
long as the wai is conducted in accoidance with (lie piin-
eiples 01 the Constitution, and co long as the puipose of
tho^e tn powoi i< th" maintenance ot the Union, with the
rights gtiaiantied by the States unimpaued.
4. Rrsolrcd, Thai the lo\alt\ of the people of Maryland
to the (.'enei.U (ioveiinuenf, e>tablished by tlx; Constitu-
tion, is untouch'd bj any sliad" of t-ei vihty, and thev 1111M
ever iegaid with e\?ieme jealousy all attempt-, fiom what-
<>ver (jnartei, to riake the pi event wai lot the 1 estomtion ot
the Union the means of mtcileiinir uitli the domes!jc in-
stitutions of the Si Ue.s; and tln'y .solemnly piotest airamst
all schemes, th" object or tendency o[ uincli is to rxcire
insurrection amomrtho sj.ives. deelanng the ;>amc illegal,
and calculated, if put ia piaetiee, to ptoduce ic-uilts too
iuniibie to < ontemplate.
."3. Raohcd, That this Legislature is ciat)tied to know
that the tiue prnu'ijjlcs on u lueh the w<n -.hould he con-
ducted have been expies.ed in most emphatic language by
both Houses of the piesent Congres, m then cxna session
oi Jni\ last; that they have been deehned by the l'i evident
in liis latest me: ^aji', and that they have been conspic-
uously illustrated in the pioclamation of Geneial J)ix to the
people ot the eastern shoio 01 Vmrttua.
G. Rtholved, 'i'hat although 111 the immediate pretence of
ainiM's, when wai or insurrection exist-:, it earmot bo ex-
pected that tne civil powei snou'd at all times maintain its
supiemacv, and there may be cases of extieme neee-s]ty,
wheie the .«alut\ and prc.sci vation o; the Government w<)ubl
excuse a ifsoit to extiuoidmaiy measiiie.;. \et the thing.:i>-
o( a depat tute from the foims of law, wluch are the p.otee-
tiou ol individual lights, should never he for gotten, and all
uiegnlai pioceedmgs should he abandoned a* soon as it t%
cleai that the ejaicine necessity which gave use to them
has- p;\s-ed axva\
. Rc-oh r<L That the people of Maryland do not hesitate
to express their approval of the course and policy of the
Pier-idem in the conduct of the warthustar, asex.-uiphficd
by his official acts, and they iiereh} tender lum tlien-thanks
foi the eai nc-t de-nie he bar- manifested to aver Horn tliem
the nur.iediate lioriois and calamities of ei \ ;l wai; a<s;u< d
by his tumnesi and honesr. inthep-ist !he\ confidently'-x
pect that, in - pile of the linpoilumJie., of p< inteiou- tauat
ics, he will keep steadily in view his sworn duty to pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
States.
8. Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit
copies of the foregoing resolutions to the President of the
United States, and to our Senators and Representatives m
Congress.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked, and obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 13G) to provide for the appointment of sutlers
in the volunteer service, and to define their duties;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
137) in regard to the administration of criminal
justice in the District of Columbia; which was
road twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. FESSENDLN. Several Senators about
me are desirous that a motion should be made that
when we adjourn we adjourn over to Monday,
but they do not like to make the motion them-
selves. I never made it before, and I do not know
but what I might as well begin now when there is
110 quorum of the Senate present. I move, there-
fore, that when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 2, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, meridian.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
INCREASE OF CLERKS IN WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in regard "
to the increase in the clerical force in the several
bureaus of the War Department; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
TRANSPORTATION OF ARMS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War in an-
swer to a resolution of the House asking for in-
formation as to the cost of the transportation of
arms, &c., to the country west of the Alleghames;
which was referred to the select committee on
armories, and ordered to be printed.
NEW" REGIMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War in
answer to a resolution of the House asking for a
statement of the number of men enlisted in each
of theeleven regiments added to the regular Army,
&c.; which was laid upon the table, and oidered
. to be printed.
JOHN A. SMITH.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the settlement of
the accounts of John A. Smith, clerk of the circuit
court and the criminal court, District of Colum-
bia; which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
REGIMENTS NOT SUPPLIED WITH ARMS.
Mi. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Res,ed. That the Scctetaty of Wat he requested to in-
lomi tins House, why certain \olunteer legrmenp fiom the
.Sr.it" of New Yoik? now encamped near this city, aie not
piowded with aims; and whether any legislation i-s neces-
f-aiyon the part of Consrre^s to enable the Wat Department
to furnish aims to the legimcnts now in the field.
DEFENSE OF PHILADELPHIA, ETC.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the defense of the city of Philadel-
phia, the river Delaware, and the harbor of refuge
at the Delaware breakwater; which was read a
first and second tune by its title, and referred to
i the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
