1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3125
I cordially concur in most of the sentiments
expressed by my colleague in regard to this letter
of General Hunter, which a few days since was
read from the Clerk's desk. Neither he nor any
pthcr man can condemn in severer terms than I do
the whole spirit of that letter and its whole style.
No man can disapprove more strongly the sys-
tem of arming slaves, which that general has
sought to inaugurate in the South, as shown by
his letter to the Secretary of War. I believe, as
my colleague does, and as 1 hope many gentlemen
of the Republican party in this House believe,
that it is contrary to the rules that should govern
a civilized nation in conducting a war.
I shrink from arming the slave, using him to
shoot down white men, knowing his depraved na-
ture as 1 do. I would as soon think of enlisting
the Indian, and of arming him with the tomahawk
and scalping knife, to be let loose upon our rebel-
lious countrymen, as to arm the negro in this con-
test.
But t recollect, and I shall continue to do so as
long as I live, the scene which occurred in this
Hall when that memorable letter was read at the
Clerk's desk. Many things have been said here,
many statements have gone the rounds of the pub-
lic press about the indecorum and disorder which
prevail in this Hall, that, in my opinion, were
calumnies upon the character of this House; but
none of them can overdraw the picture which was
presented here the other day when that letter was
read. The scene was one of which I think this
House should forever be ashamed.
"We were here in the consideration of questions
the most solemn and grave that ever claimed the
attention of an American Congress. Grave consid-
eration, calm and deliberate reflection, should have
characterized the proceedings of this body on that
occasion. But, sir, when that letter was read at
the Clerk's desk, a spectator in the gallery would
have supposed we were here witnessing the per-
formance of a buffoon or of a low farccactor upon
the stage. And the reading of the letter on that
occasion, containing, as it did, sentiments calcu-
lated to shock humanity, written in a style show-
ing the contempt of the writer for this House, was
received with loud applause and boisterous man-
ifestations of approbation by the Republican mem-
bers of the House. I never witnessed a scene
more deeply mortifying. 1 shall notlose the mem-
ory of it while I live. It was a scene, in my opin-
ion, disgraceful to the American Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I beg pardon for having vio-
lated the rule of the House. I perceive that I was
out of order.
I remarked to the House, when I sought to in-
terrupt my colleague while he was on the floor,
that 1 did not concur with him in his expression
of censure upon the Secretary of War. My rea-
son for that was, that I have a well-founded con-
fidence that the Secretary of War will disapprove
the conduct of General Hunter. I have good rea-
son to believe that this action of General Hunter
will bring down upon him the censure of the Sec-
retary of War.
I believe that the confidence I have thus ex-
pressed is not misplaced; and I think so for this
reason: on one oceasion, some two or three works
since, whiie attending to some matters of business
at the office of the Secretary of War with two or
my colleagues, as we were leaving, the Secretary
called me back and exhibited a letter so folded that
neither the name nor date was visible, saying,
"here is a letter from an officer of the Aimy,
asking authority to raise and aim a legiment of
negroes for the military service of the United
States. I have called you back to ask you what
answer I ought to give him." I replied: "Mr.
Secretary, if you will allow me to dictate your
answer, it will be no; and 1 would make that no
as emphatioas the English language would enable j
me to make it." He then remarked that he had
done more than that; lie had notonly refused, but
had ordered the am.\st of the officer asking the
authority.
Now, sir, after this conversation with the Sec-
retary of War, in the presence of two of my col-
leagues, who I know concur in my recollection
of the matter, I thought I had reason to believe that
my colleague was mistaken in supposing and as-
suming that the Secretary of War approved and
sanctioned the arming of negroes.
Mr. ASHLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky if he means to say that the Secre-
tary of War ordered the arrest of this officer for
making the suggestion?
Mr. MALLORY. He made the remark as I
have stated it.
Mr. ASHLEY. What I desired to know was,
whether his remark left upon the mind of the gen-
tleman the impression that the Secretary of War
had ordered the arrest of this officer for making
the suggestion he has named ?
Mr. MALLORY. The Secretary stated that
he had refused the authority, and the impression
left upon my mind was that he had ordered the
arrest of this officer because he had made this
proposition to him. I think he said there were
other reasons for ordering his arrest, but the Sec-
retary of War, so far as I recollect, did not state
them. There are others present who heard the
conversation who could corroborate the statement
I have made, but I have no idea that the Secretary
of War will deny the correctness of it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether, in his judgment, if the Secretary
of War arrested this man for such a proposition,
consistency would not have required him to ar-
rest General Hunter for this letter which has been
read ?
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to utter no words
of censure against the Secretary of War in con-
nection with this letter of General Hunter. He
may make it the basis of further inquiry, on which
his action will be taken; and inasmuch as the Sec-
retary of War had given me reasons to believe he
had refused the authority asked for, and censured
and punished that officer for proposing to him the
enlistment of a negro regiment, he would certainly
give us an expression of his disapprobation of this
conduct of General Hunter. And I want to wait
until he has had time to say to us whether or not
he approves of the letter, I think that letter dis-
graceful to General Hunter; and I hope never to
be called upon to say I consider it disgraceful to
the Secretary of War because he has indorsed it.
He has not done it yet, and I hope he never will;
and I think I have good ground for that hope.
In accoidance with my implied understanding
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 1 now
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. McKNIGI-IT. As the gentleman from
Kentucky has not, as I understood he would, con-
fined himself to a personal explanation, but has
gone into a general discussion, 1 thinkitright now
to allow a reply by the other side. I therefore
will allow the House to decide the question.
The motion tolay on the table was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not design to agitate a
question of this kind at this time, and I do not
know that I should if it had not been for the sup-
plemental speech of thegcntleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] last upon the floor. l>ut, sir, I do
design now to say a few words, and but a few
words—being quite out of health this morning—
expressive of my sentiments upon this subject. I
do not know whether or not anybody will agree
with me. The gentleman from Kentucky, who
opened this debate, found fault with the Admin-
istration in reference to the conduct of the war.
Sir, there we happen to agree. There are many
things in the conduct of this war of which I can-
not approve. I cannot approve of setting gen-
erals who sympathize with slavery at the head of
our armies, or setting our generals, under express
orders, to pursue and return fugitives from tiai-
tors. I cannot consent to that portion of the con-
duct of the war which sets our armies to watch
the propeity of lebel soldiers in arms against us,
rather than allow it to be occupied by our own
troops, while, m the mean time, our soldiers, sick
and wounded, are placed in swamp? filled with
deadly miasma, which deslroys health and unfits
our men to meet the enemy.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would mquii e of
thcgentleman from Pennsylvania,when he makes
these charges against the conduct of the war,
whether he applies them to the President and Sec-
retary of War, or merely to the generals in the
field ?
Mr. STEVENS. I intend it shall apply where
ever it belongs. I am no sycophant, no parasite.
What I think T say. These acts have been perpe-
trated over and over again by our generals, and
without rebuke from the appointing power; and I
leave the Houseand the woild to determine where
the responsibility rests.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man be frank enough to state whether he charges
that upon the Administration?
Mr. STEVENS. I charge it upon the manage-
ment of the war and upon the different branches
of the Administration. I believe the President—
and I do not mean to flatter—is as honest a man as
there is in the world; but I believe him to be too
easy and amiable, and to be misled by the malign
influence of Kentucky counselors, and, following
that advice, that he has permitted the adoption of
the policy which I have just stated withoutrebuke.
Mr. MALLORY. May I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he is attempting to ridicule
the delega^esfrom Kentucky, or what is he doing?
Mr. STEVENS. I have not said one word
ubout the delegates from Kentucky, nor do I al-
lude to any gentleman in this House.
Mr. MALLORY. Then it seems to me that the
gentleman must be attempting to perpetrate ajoke
upon the House.
Mr. STEVENS. It is no joke at all; there are
powers behind the throne greater than the throne
itself as well in this country as elsewhere. To
no member of the House from Kentucky or else-
where do I say any word of disrespect, nor do I
wish it understood that 1 am speaking of them at
all. Sir, so far, I have the pleasure, if pleasure
it be, to concur with gentlemen from Kentucky in
condemning that part of the conduct of the war
to which I have alluded.
Sir, I go further; I agree with the gentleman
in not liking the answer of the Secretary of War
to the resolution which was sent to him by this
House, at the suggestion of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky. I did not think it, at the
time, quite ingenuous. I had had some commu-
nications, which I will not relate now, with the
Secretary of War, and I did not think until this
morning—when 1 am convinced from what has
been said by the gentleman from Kentucky that
lam wrong in my ideas of his opinions—that he
held any such doctrine as that stated by the gen-
tleman. I thought the Secretary of War held a
different doctrine. IIonce,l thought his answer
not quite ingonuous.
Mr. MALLORY. I would not have alluded
to what I stated to the House this morning if there
was a possibility of supposing that the communi-
cation made to me by the Secretary of War had
been confidential or private. I stated to the House
that those remarks were made by him in his pub-
lic office in the presence of two of my colleagues,
and with his officials around him. I supposed the
declaration was a public one, and that he intended
it pro bono publico. I have used it elsewhere than
in this House.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not doubt this communi-
cation or censure i^s promulgation here; but I am
giving the reason why I, at the time that com-
munication was sent into the House, thought it
not quite ingenuous; for I had conceived the idea
that Ins sentiments were diffeient from what I now
find them to be. In accordance with what I then
thought to bo his views, I expected he would an-
swer that communication by saying " that he had
sent arms and clothing to our generals in the South,
with orders to use them, and put them into the
hands of all loyal men who were ready to defend
the Union." If he had given that answer, it
would have been in accordance with what, up to
that time, I had supposed to be his sentiments and
opinions. I regret to find that I was mistaken.
Now, sir, with regard to the policy which has
been so much condemned, of arming negroes in this
war. The gentleman last up says it is against the
usage of civilized nations. I deny it. I say it is
in exact accordance with the usages of all civilized
nations, and no word in history can be found in
any single publicist to the contrary. It is the usage
of every nation at war with another to liberate
their slaves and take them into the service to war
with their former masters. It was the practice in
the revolutionary war in this country, on both
sides. The British, by proclamation, held out in-
ducements and armed them. Rhode Island,by her
decree, armed them, gave them liberty, and took
them into the service of the United States; and I
venture to say that in the last war General Jackson
did the same thing. His proclamation shows that
he called upon them, offered them their liberty, and
those, too, not the slaves of rebels, but the slaves
of loyal men, and they fought the enemies of then-
country.
