1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
DEBT OF TIIE UNIT 131) STATES, ETC.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
the following resolutions:
The Clerk read as follows:
1. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he di-
rected to rcpoit at an eaijy day to the Home the sum total
of the present floating debt ot the United States, as> neaily
as the same can bo a>cei lamed orestmiatcd, giving also, as
Uu as practicable, the several heads as to Departments or
subject matter under which said debt may be ranged.
2 Rewired further, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be dneeted to lepotttothc House as soon as practicable
the amount in pouiuU ot the impositions of tea, coffee,
and  ugat in the heveial poits of the United States 101 each
month of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861; also the
amount iu pounds of the importation® of the same- aiticies
for each month ot the cunent fiscal year up to Jamiaiy 1,
1SG2, with tin; amount of duly collected on each since the
oth day o> Augu.-f, 1861.
Mr. MAYNARD. I objcct.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN CALIFORNIA^ ETC.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill extending the laws now
in force, regulating- trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes, to the Indian reservations of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. STEVENS. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on a public bill, but as no quorum is likely to be
present, I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. UPTON, the
House (at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January G, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Eddy, D. D.,ofChieago,
Illinois.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
SENATOR FR05I OREGON.
Mr. NESMITH. I present the credentials of
Hon. Benjamin Stauk, appointed by the Gov-
ernor of Oregon a Senator from that State to fill,
until the next meeting of the Legislature, the va-
cancy occasioned by the dent h of Hon. Edward D.
P>aker. I ask thot th<'y be read and filed, and that
the oath of oilier be administered to Mr. Stark.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not object to the
reading; but I shall object to the administering of
the oath until i have made a motion in reference
to the matter.
The Secretary read the credentials, as follows:
The Governor oj the State oj Oregon
to Benjamin Stark, oj said State:
Whereas infoinmtion has been jeceived of the death of
Hon. E. D. Baker, a United StatesSenaloi fioin this State,
whose beat would leiuam vacant unless an appointment
shall be made :
Theiefoie, know ye, that repo-mg full confidence and
trust in the wisdom, integnty, and patriotism ot jou.tlie
said Benjamin Stark, w<; do heioby appoint you to be a
United States Senator, to fill the place made vacant by the
death of said E. D. Bakei, and to occupy the same until a
fciieeessoi shall be duly elected.
Jn testimony wheieof, I have hereunto signed my name
r . and caused the seal of the State to be attired, tills
t>&-J 2Uth day of Oetobei, A. D. lt?61.
JOHN WIIITTAKER.
By the Governor:
IjCCIen IIi"atiIj Secretary of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I move
that the oath of office be not administered at pres-
ent, and that the credentials, together with certain
papers which I hold in my hand, be sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I suppose that I
ought to state the reasons for my motion, as this
course is somewhat unusual if the credentials arc
in due form.
The papers which i have in my hand are well.
attested—as well as they can bo. They are in the
shape of affidavits and written representations,
most, of them sworn to, and certified beyond al!
question to be from a large number ot the most
respectable inhabitants of the city of Portland,
where Mr. Stark lesides. They state in the most
unqualified terms facts which, it true, in my judg-
ment go to show that Mr. Stark should not be
admitted to a seat in tins Chambei. They state
that Mr. Stark is understood by everybody in
his vicinity to be an open and avowed supporter of
secession; that he has openly defended the course
of the South in sccedmg, and has given utterance
to sentiments totally at war with the institutions
andpreservation of our country,such astipproving
the attack on Fort Sumter; making declarations to
the cffcct that in the event of a civil war, which, in
fact, had then already commenced, he would sell
his property in Oregon and go South and join the
rebels; that they were right; that Mr. Davis's gov-
ernment was the only government left; that there
was, in fact, no Government of the Union at all.
Numerous declarations of that kind arc sworn to
by persons who are certified and proved to my
satisfaction to be persons perfectly reliable
Under these circumstances, as they have been
made known to the Senate in such an authentic
form as they are, I think it grossly improper that
the oath of office should be administered to Mr.
Stark, and he be permitted to take a seat on this
floor before an investigation has been had. I have
come to this conclusion after much deliberation.
The papers in my hand, which can be read if
gentlemen desire to hear them, fully support all
that I have stated. 1 move therefore that the oath
be not administered at present, but that the cre-
dentials be refer-rcd to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which is our Committee of Elections, to-
gether with the papers which I now send to the
Chair.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think, sir, there is no prece-
dent for a motion of that kind. I have never known
a case where the Senate refused to allow a Senator
to take his scat when his credentials were prop-
erly authenticated, and he applied for admission
upon this floor. I have a very accuratc recollec-
tion of what took place in my own case and in the
case of my colleague, Dr. Fitch, when our right
to seats on this floor was denied. I think there
was a general admission on both sides of the
Chamber that a Senator presenting a prima facie
case had a right to be sworn in, and that the Sen-
ate would, after the administration of the oath, take
cognizance of any papers that might be presented
questioning his right to a seat. I think there
, would be great propriety in allowing the Senator
to be sworn, that lie may be heard m his own de-
fense. The fact that these papers are certified, and
the fact that statements aie made derogatory to
the loyalty of the Senator who claims his scat,
furnish no evidence to my mind of their truth.
Never have ba^er falsehoods been put on record
against any man than have been sent to the Senate
against me sincc J took my seat at this session. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] presented
a petition here signed by what are represented to
be one hundred and eighty citizens of Jefferson
county, Indiana, declaring, in the first place, that
I was not legally elected; m the uecond place, that
I I was in open communication with the rebels; and
; in the third place, that I did not live in the State
; of Indiana. I have looked at the signatures to that
; paper. I know but a few of the persons whose
i names are upon it, but the few I do know would
be more fit for a prison-house than they would be
for petitioners to this body.
I do not know, Mr, President, that there is any
analogy between the two cases; but when it comes
to hearsay presented against any public man, I
can imagine what state of case may be manufac-
tured to order against a gentleman whose political
antecedents arc those of tlie Senator from Oregon,
as I understand them from the press of the coun-
try. I happen to have in my pocket a New York
paper of uithcr an old date, containing a letter
representing what is my position as well as that
of the Senator from Oregon. It represents mo as
being a brigadier general m the southern army.
That is about as true as a great many other false
and calumnious charges that ha\e been made
against me within the last few months. I sym-
pathize with the Senator from Oregon. I know
now gentlemen entertaining the political opinions
that he is represented heictofore to entertain are
pursued, and with what little reason and with what
little truth charges are preferred against them and
heralded forth to the world without a particle of
truth to sustain them. I think there would be
great propriety and justice in allowing the Sena-
tor from Oregon to be sworn that he may be heard
in his own defense. I speak by the book, by
iuIcs, and by the precedents, when I say that in
no instance, m a similar case, has a Senator been
denied the privilege of being sworn when he pre-
sented even aprimafacie right to aseat in this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr.,President, no one will
be more sincerely rejoiced than I shall be if Mr.
Stark, who has*presented these credentials, shall
be able to satisfy the committee that all this is Un-
true. I beg leave to .say most distinctly,and I think
I can say it from my course in this body with refer-
ence to gentlemen on the other sideof the Chambor,
that I am influenced by no sort of consideration
arising from any political sentiments which any
gentleman may entertain at all—none whatever. 1
stated when I made this motion that it was without
a preceden t. I admit that in full; and that fact, that
it was a new proceeding and a new case, was one
which had led me to doubt in the first place some-
what its propriety; but, sir, I beg leave to suggest
that the state in which we find ourselves in this
country is also unprecedented, and we have had
examples enough in high places of men who have
proved false to the oaths they have taken to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, I do not hesitate to say that if a part
only of what is stated in these papers is true, I
presume the Senator from Indiana himself would
vote upon the instant to expel this gentleman from
the body if he had taken the oath. The declara-
tions, as I said before, are of a very strong char-
acter. I examined the papers critically and care-
fully to see whether they could be considered in
the light of hearsay testimony. They are state-
ments of declarations taken from this gentleman's
own mouth, testified to by his neighbors, a large
number of them, and men who are certified by
proper authorities to be men of entire respecta-
bility and character in the community, and of
truth and veracity as much as any men. These
declarations were repeated from time to time—not
upon a single occasion, but upon many occasions
—and are backed up by the statements under oath
of many men, that in the community where he
lives Mr. Stark has'been known and recognized
as a thorough, decided, open secessionist in his
principles and his avowals.
The question raised here is all about the prece-
dents. As I said before, the times are those when
we are compelled to make precedents—not to be
bound by mere forms of proceeding, precedents
in the body which go only to ordinary transac-
tions, but, if neccssary, to make them.
Under these circumstances, I reasoned with
myself thus: if this gentleman should be admitted
to a seat in this body, and these papers laid upon
our tables cannot bo disproved, no man, in my
judgment, would hesitate to vote to expel him at
once as unworthy to hold a seat in the body. I
hope they may not be true. I deem it, therefore,
due to him, what in my own easel should demand
if these papers were presented, that before I took
my seat these matters should be explained, and
I should take my seat fairly, and without any
suspicion resting upon my integrity and my loy-
alty to the Union which 1 was about to swear to
support. I see no reason why this gentleman,
under these circumstances, merely on account of
a precedent, with such proof, should be permitted
to take his seat, and to take a large sum out of
our already wasted Treasury, which he would
be entitled to, and then take the consequences of
these declarations that are made here.
Sir, if all this is false, if there is no reasonable
ground for it, he can, unquestionably, give such
explanations to the committee with regard to his
present position, and with regard to these matters
as will entirely satisfy them, and he can then come
forward here and take his seat freely without any
of these imputations resting on him. I can only
say that while I acknowledge it to be without
precedent, yet these papers have been in my hands
for some days; I have iead them carefully; 1 have
given to the whole matter the very best delibeia-
tion that my judgment would allow me to give it,
and came to the conclusion that the course which
I have taken was the proper course, and such as
I should advise the Senate to take. I can only
state that, and then the Senate can take its own
course.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the honorable Senator
will let this matter he over until to-morrow. I
desire to read these papers, because it depends
upon the examination of the papers how my vote
will be. I have not heard them read, and have
had no opportunity to read them. I can easily
see there might be circumstances that would prob-
