1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
ciple and right of confiscating the property of
rebels, and as such I confess that it is quite un-
satisfactory to me. At all events, it is not of suf-
ficient importance, in my judgment, to take the
place of the general tax bill, upon which we ought
now to be at work.
Mr. WADE. I will suggest to the Senator that
if we take up the subject, we are not compelled
to take this bill because it is reported from the
committee, and it is very possible we may obtain
a bill that will be right.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Me*sis. Chandler, Claik, CoHamer, Dixon, Doo-
littir, Foot, Fostei, Giimcs, Hailan, Harn<, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Moiriii, Pomeroy, Suin-
neijTen EyckjTiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson. Wilmot, and
Wnghr—23.
NAYS—Mcsf-rs. Anthony, Brown inc. Cowan, Davis, Fes-
ssenden, Henderson, flow.ud, Latham, McD u<m1I, Nes-
inillij Peaiee, Powell, Saulsbury, Sheiman, Simmons,
'Staik, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of
Mi.-^ouu—19.
St> the motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 310) to suppress insurrection and to punish
treason and rebellion, and for other purposes, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that every person
who shall hereafter commit the crime of treason
against the United States, and shall be adjudged
guilty thereof,shall suffer death,and ali his slaves,
if any, shall be declared and made free; or he shall
be imprisoned for not loss than five years, and
fined not less than $10,000, and alt his slaves, if
any, shall be declared and made free. The fine
is to be levied and collected on any or all of the
property, real and personal, excluding slaves of
which the person convicted was the owner at the
time of committing the crime, any sale or convey-
ance to the contrary notwithstanding. If any per-
son shall hereafter incite, set on foot, assist, or
engage in any rebellion or insurrection against the
authority of the United States, or the laws thereof,
or shall give aid or comfort thereto, or shall en-
gage in, or give aid and cojnfort to, any such ex-
isting rebellion or insurrection, and be convicted
thereof, such person is to be punished by the for-
feiture of all his personal property of every kind
whatsoever, including choses in action, and by the
forfeiture of his life estate in any real property of
which he may be the owner, wherever situated
within the United States, and by the liberation of
all his slaves, if he have any; and all such prop-
erty, excluding slaves, is to be forfeited to the
United States. And every person guilty of either
of the offenses in this act is to be forever incapa-
ble and disqualified to hold any office under the
United States. This act is not to be construed, in
any way to affect or alter the prosecution, convic-
tion, or punishment of any person or persons
guilty of treason against the United States before
the passage of this act, unless such person is con-
victed under this act. And to insure the more
speedy termination of the present rebellion, and
the apprehension, conviction, and punishment of
the persons engaged therein, the President is to
be authorized, and it is to be his duty, by the mar-
shals of the respective districts, or such commis-
sioners or other officersas he may appoint for that
purpose, to seize and sequester the property, real
and personal, of every kind, including choses in
action, of such personsas shall have been actively
and notoriously engaged in rebellion, and espe-
cially of persons hereafter acting as officers of the
army or navy of the rebels, now or hereafter m
arms against the United States; persons hereafter
acting as president or vice president, member of
congress, head of department, civil officer, judge,
foreign minister, or commissioner of the so-called
confederate States; persons hereafter acting as
an officer, whether civil, military, or naval, of any
State or Territory, who by the constitution of the
so-called confederate States is required to take an
oath to support that constitution; persons who,
having held an office of honor, trust, or profit under
the United States, shall hereafter take up arms
against the United States; persons who, owning
property in the loyal States or Territories, or the
loyal portionsof thedisloyal States,shall hereafter
assist or give aid and comfort to the pieseht rebel-
lion ; and to hold and possess such property fur the
United States, to secure the appearance of the of-
fender to take his trial and abide such punishment
as shall be adjudged against him. .Noslaveisto be
seized under this act; but the United States will
have a lien on all the slaves of the persons herein
described, to answer such order as may be made
in regard to them for theirliberation; and no sale
thereof is to be of any force or cffect after the
commission of the offense. Property so seized
and sequestered is to be held, possessed, occupied,
or rented by the officers aforesaid, until the own-
ei s thereof can be proceeded against by legal prose-
cution; and, if convicted, until the property can
be levied upon, or be declared forfeited to the Uni-
ted States as herein provided. And all such per-
sonal property as shall be so taken, which is per-
ishable, or expensive m keeping, may be sold by
the officers in the same way and manner that
goods and chattels taken in execution can be sold
in the same State; and the officers are to keep and.
render full accounts of all the receipts and, avails
of the property so sold, let, or occupied, and pay
over the same, deducting the nec^ssafyexpenses,
to the Treasury of the United Slates. And if the
owner of the property shall be discharged on trial,
or sooner, by order of the court, the property, or
the proceeds thereof, if the same shall have been
sold, is to be returned to the owner. If the owner
of any propeity which may be seized, as afore-
said, shall flee from justicc so that he cannot be
brought to trial upon indictment found, and a re-
turn upon the process for his arrest that he cannot
be found, an order is to be made by the court
where the indictment is pending requiring such
person to appear before the court at such time as
may be fixed therein, and take his trial upon pain
of forfeiture of all his property, and the liberation
of all his slaves if he shall fail to do so; which
order is to be published in such manner and for
such time as the court may determine; and if such
person shall not appear and take his trial as re-
quired, such person shall be taken and deemed to
have renounced all claim to any property which
may have been seized as aforesaid, or of which
he shall be the owner, and he and his heirs will
be forever barred from making any claim or main-
taining any action for the recovery thereof, but
the same will be forfeited and become the prop-
erty of the United States, and his slaves, if any,
will be free.
The President of the United States, whenever
he shall deem it necessary and proper, for a speedy
and successful termination of the present rebel-
lion, that any personal property, seized by the
Army or Navy, and belonging to a person who
shall, after the passage of this act, have engaged
in rebellion or given aid or comfort thereto, should
bo confiscated, may cause proceedings in rem to
be instituted against the property, as in admiralty
or revenue cases; and if the propeity shall be
found to have belonged to a person engaged in re-
bellion, or who has so given aid and comfort
thereto, the same is to be forfeited and become
the property of the United States, and may be
sold or disposed of as the court shall direct. At
any time after the passage of this act, whenever
the President of the United States shall deem it
necessary for the suppression of this rebellion,
he shall issue his proclamation commanding all
persons immediately to lay down their arms and
to return to their allegiance to the United States;
proclaiming that if any person within any State
or district declared by him in a state of insurrec-
tion shall be found in arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States thirty days after the
date of such proclamation, or giving aid and com-
fort to the present rebellion, the slaves of all such
persons, within such State or district, will be m'ade
free, and thereupon the slaves of all such petsons,
at the expiration of the thirty days, will be free
and forever discharged from any and all claim to
(heir labor or service, any law or custom of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding. Ko slave
escaping into any State, Territory, or the District
of Columbia, from any other State, is to be de-
livered up, or in any way impeded or hindered
of his liberty, except for crime, or some offense
against the laws, unless the person claiming the
fugitive shall first make oath that the person to
whom the labor or service of such fugitive is al-
leged to be due, is ins lawful owner, and has riot
borne arms against the United States in the pres-
ent rebellion, nor in any way given aid and com-
foi t thereto; and no person engaged in the military
or naval service of the United States shall, under
any pretense whatever, assume to decide on the
validity of the claim of any person to the service
or labor of any other person, or surrender up any
such person to the claimant, on pain of being dt&*
missed from the service. The President of the
United States is to be authorized to employ as
many persons of African descent as he may deem
necessary and proper for the suppression of this
rebellion, and for this purpose he may organize
and use them in such manner as he may judge
best for the public welfare. The President of the
United States is hereby to be authorized to. make
provision for the transportation, colonization, and
settlement, in some tropical country beyond the
limits of the United States, of such persons of
African race, made free by the provisions of this
act, as may be willing to emigrate, having first
obtained the consent of the Government of the
country to their protection and settlement within
the same, with ail the rights and privileges of
freemen.
The President is to be authorized, at any time
hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to persons
who m.ay have participated in the existing rebel-
lion in any State or part thereof, pardon and am-
nesty, with such exceptions and at such time and
on such conditions as he may deem expedientfor
the public welfare. Thecouits of the United States
are to have full power to institute proceedings,
make orders and decrees, issue process, and do
all other things necessary to carry this act into
effect.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I desire, at this
point, to make this sftnple remark in regard to the
bill: it was committed, as the Senate is aware, to
a special committee. That committee was made
up ofSenators who represented the various shades
of opinion in regard to confiscation. It was com-
posed of some who desired a very strong bill and
some who desired a very moderate bill. The
committee gave their earnest attention to the sub-
ject, and though there are provisions here which
may be stronger than some members of the com-
mittee thought they would have liked, and there
may be other provisions in the other bills which
gentlemen who went for a stronger confiscation
bill would have desired, yet I desire to say, on
behalf of the committee, to the Senate, that this
bill embodied the views of the committee. Our
desire was to harmonize the various shades of
opinion and the various plans, and to present some-
thing to the Senate which we thought might be
passed. We desired to get something that might
be sufficient, and that the Senate might pass. I
hope the Senate will preserve the bill as far as pos-
sible, unless, in the judgment of the Senate, they
can attach something to make it more efficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to strike out the
first section of this bill; and I will state in refer-
ence to it, that if any unconstitutional bill has been
offered to the Senate, this bill in its first section
is unconstitutional. Beyond that, the section is a
provision simply to make treason easy. It is a
provision to lighten the punishment for treason.
I doubt whether this is the best time to do that.
Our fathers prescribed the penalty for treason.
They regarded it as the most atrocious crime that
man could commit. I know there is a disposition
now in the country to regard treason as a trivial
offense, and perhaps to lighten the punishment, to
punish it by fine and imprisonment and make ita
sort of misdemeanor. That is what this bill pro-
poses to do. The author of this section at the time
it was introduced to the Senate stated that his ob-
ject was to offer some reward, to hold out some
inducement to traitors. He said that the punish-
ment prescribed by our fathers for treason would
never be executed; we would never hang these
people; they all knew we would not hang them,
and, therefore, it was necessary to have another
kind of punishment. I think the other kind would
be about as likely to be executed as the punish-
ment of death, and no more likely to be executed.
This is not and does not profess to be a bill of
confiscation, and I do not know why in the dis-
cussion here it was called a confiscation bill. It
is not a confiscation bill. It is not entitled a con-
fiscation bill. It is not introduced as a confiscation
bill, although I heard it stated here in the Senate
this morning that there was an antagonism be-
tween the confiscation bill and the tax bill. That
is a misnomer. This does not profess to be a con-
fiscation bill. It is a bill " to suppress insurrec-
tion, and to punish treason and rebellion, and for
other purposes." But, sir, my motion to strikeout
the first section of the bill is based upon the as-
sumption that that section is unconstitutional, if
