1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
consideration of the resolutions, memorials, and
petitions, in reference to the establishment of a
naval depot on the western lakes.
JOHN DAVIS.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire what action ought to be taken in relation
to John Davis, whose distinguished bravery and devotion
to duty have been brought to the notice of the Government
in the recent report of Commodore Goldsborough; and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
SEIZCKE OF M. XOJUCIIET.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States* be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, a copy of all unpublished corre-
spondence between this Government and that ol Great Brit-
ain relative to the attempted seizure, by the commander
of the British ship-of-war Africa, of M. Fouchet, envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary of France, while
on board the packet sloop Peggy, within the waters of the
United States, on his way from the city of New York to
Newport, Rhode Island.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a brief state-
ment in regard to this resolution. It relates to a
very interesting incident in the early history of
our country, the communications with referonce
to which- that passed between the two Govern-
ments have never been printed. In late inquiries
at the Department of State, I understand that an
important dispatch relating to the event was found
to be missing from the files. It could not be ob-
tained on application to the British legation here,
but it was obtained, through the liberality of the
British Government, in London, and a copy was
furnished from their files. It has been thought
important in the interest of history, and in that
respect only, that the correspondence should see
the light, and, indeed, that it should be embodied
in the archives of the country.
The resolution was adopted.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secrelmy of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate by vntue of what law or anthonty the
Naval Academy was removed fiom Annnpolii ro Ncwpoit,
in Rhode Isfomi, and is sttll rctfiincd there, and theleason^
ofsuehiemovai; and also whether the leasons which called
for its removal still exist, and whethei any additional legis-
lation is necessary lor its permanent location.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am desired by the Common
Councils of the city of "Washington to introduce
two bills of which previous notice has not been
given, the merits of neither of which do I know
anything about; but I introduce them merely to
call the attention of the people of the District to
them, and have them referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 230) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington;" which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Leave was also granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 231) amendatory of em act entitled " An act
to provide for the care and preservation of the
works constructed by the United States for bring-
ingthe Potomac water into the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, for the supply of said water
for all governmental purposes, and for the uses and
benefit of the inhabitants of the said cities;" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN FOOTE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
assigned for half past twelve o'clock is the joint
resolution (S. No. 64) expressive of the thanks
of Congress to Captain A. H, Foote, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, and to the officers and men under
his command in the western flotilla, which is now
befoie the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled, That
the thanks of Congress and of the American people are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Captain A. H. Foote, of the
United States Navy, and to the officers and men of the west-
ern flotilla under his command, lor the great gallantry
exhibited by them in the attacks upon Forts lieniy andDon-
elson, for their efficiency in opening the Tcnnc&see, Cum-
berland, and Mississippi rivers to the pursuits of lawful
commerce, and for their unwavering devotion to the cause
of the country in the midst of the greatest difficulties and
dangers.
Sec. % be it further resolved, That the President of
the United States be requested to cause this resolution to
be communicated to Captain Foote, and through him to the
officers and men under his command.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I conceive it to
be my duty, and it certainly is a great pleasure to
me, to call the special attention of the Senate to
theachievements of the pewly created naval flotilla
on the western waters, and to the gallant part
borne by its officers and men againstarmcd rebels
in Kentucky and Tennessee. Surely no one could
more properly be proud of the deeds of our •flnnw
in that quarter than a Senator from Iowa. Yet, 1
know that whatever adds to the glory of our Navy
in the recent conflicts in the West, adds also to
the glory of the Army, and that the two branches
of the service have been and arc so conjoined that
no rivalry ought to exist between them, except
a virtuous emulation in the performance of patri-
otic duty. No examples can be found in the
history of any country of more important results
attained in an equal time, in an untried field of
naval enterprise, than those we have lately wit-
nessed on the Ohio, Mississippi, Tennessee, and
Cumberland rivers; and I feel assured that the
successes that have thus far been achieved, will be
surpassed by the same forces whenevei they can
find an enemy with whom to cope between Cairo
and New Orleans.
On the 16th day of May last, Commander John
Rodgers was ordered by the Secretary of the Navy
to proceed to Cincinnati and to purchase or com-
mence the construction of several gunboats for
servicc on the western rivers. Under his auspices
the three boats, Taylor, Lexington, and Cones-
toga, were purchased and fitted up for war pur-
poses. They were put in commission and reached
Cairo, after some delay ai ising fiom the low stage
of water in the Ohio river, on the 12th of August,
Commander Rodgers taking command of the Tay-
lor, and assigning Commander Stembel to the
Lexington and Lieutenant Phelps to the Cones-
toga. The Taylor carried .seven guns, of large cal-
iber, the Lexington six, and the Conestoga four.
Here was the beginning of the western flotilla.
We all remember the unfavorable criticisms in-
dulged in when these three stern-wheel steamers,
with oak casings, arrived at that military post.
Some said they would be shaken to pieces by the
recoil of their own guns; others that they would
bo speedily sunk by the shore guns of the rebels;
while not a few were alainied by visions of llol-
lins's ram butting them to pieces with impunity.
From the day they reached their destination to
the present no rebel craft has shown itself ten miles
above Columbus, and no rebel force of any de-
scription has harbored on the two rivers in a
proximity which could be deemed threatening to
their navigation, or to the two cities of St. Louis
and Cairo. A few experimental trips dispelled all
doubts of their efficiency; and when the people
became assuied that they would do the work they
were intended for, all Tears of a rebel incursion
into any of the northwestern States, other than
Missouri, was also dispelled. A band of Jefferson
Thompson's robbers did,indeed,make a demon-
stration of crossing the Mississippi river, in Au-
gust last, from the town of Commerce, Missouri;
but at the first intimation that the gunboats were
coming, they fled with what booty they could lay
their hands on, pillaged impartially from fiLends
and foes on the Missouri shore. The boon of se-
curity to the people of the northwestern States is
a debt due, in no small degree, to these wooden
gunboats, for however numerous and brave our
armies, it would have been impossible with them
alone to have guarded all points on our river line.
Thus, our people were not only protected from
danger of invasion, but they were enabled to give
all their time and eneigies to preparation for those
offensive movements which have reclaimed so
much important territory from the domination of
the enemy.
On the 23d of September, Commander Rodgers
was detached from service in the West, and Cap-
tain A. H. Foote was ordered to take command
as flag officer. Since that time the following boats.
with iron-clad bows, have been built or prepared
for service, and added to the flotilla under his com-
mand: St. Louis, thirteen guns, Lieu tenant Pauld-
ing; Carondelet, thirteen guns,Commander Walk;
Pittsburg, thirteen guns, Lieutenant Thompson;
Louisville,thirteen guns,Commander Dove; Cin-
cinnati, thirteen guns, Commander Stembel; Es-
sex, five guns, Commander Porter; Mound City,
thirteen guns.
The first engagement of the gunboats with the
enemy took place on the 9th of September, at Lu-
cas's Bend, in the Mississippi river, a short dis-
tance above, and in full view of the rebel stronghold
at Columbus. In that engagement the Lexington,
Commander Stembel, and the Conestoga, Lieu-
tenant Phelps, silenced two shore batteries, dis-
persed a large body of rebel cavalry, and so dis-
abled the rebel gunboat Yankee that she has not
bcon heard of since.
On the 29th of October, the Conestoga, Lieu-
tenant Phelps, proceeded, with three companies of
Illinois volunteers, sixty-two miles up the Ten-
nessee river to Eddyville, Kentucky, where they
jointly attacked and routed a rebel encampment,
bringing away their horses, arms, camp equipage,
and negro slaves.
There could hardly have been an occasion where
the presence of an efficientnavalsupportwasmore
necessary than at the battle of Belmont, fought on
the 7th day of November last; and there has been
no conflict during the war where this support,
when finally called into requisition, was more ef-
fectively and opportunely rendered. Nothing but
the well directed fire of giape and canister from
the guns of the Taylor and Lexington saved our
land forces from being utterly cut to pieces while
retiung on board their transports. Every effort
of the enemy to bring his artillery to bear on our
columns was defeated by the storm of iron which
assailed him from the boats. His pieces were dis-
mounted and his horses and men swept down as
fast as they were placed in position.
A great deal has been said about the origin of
the proposition to take possession of the Ten-
nessee river. The credit of originating the idea
of a military campaign in that direction has been
claimed, first for one, and then for another mili-
tary commander. I desire that impartial justice
should be done to every man; and acting upon
the intention to do justice, I must be permitted to
say, that so far as 1 can learn, the project of turn-
ing the enemy's flanks by penetrating the Ten-
nessee and Cumberland rivers, originated with
Commodore Foote. The great rise of water in
those rivers was providential, and with the quick
eye of military genius he saw at once the advant-
age that it might secure to our arms. Accord-
ingly he sent to General Hallcck, at St. Louis
the following dispatch:
Cairo, January 28, 18G2.
General Giant and myself are of opinion that Foit Henry
and the Tennessee uver can be earned with four iron-clad
gunboats and tioopn, and be permanently occupied. Have
we your authority to move t'oi that puipose when leady ?
A. II. FOOTE.
To this dispatch no reply was vouchsafed, but
an order was subsequently sent to General Grant
to proceed up the Tennessee river with his troops
under convoy of the armed flotilla, and attack
Fort Henry, diiecting General Grant to shoic to
Commodore Foote his orders to this effect. Com-
modore Foote was at once ready for the expedi-
tion, and advised the Department to that effect, in
the following dispatch:
Uniti:d States Gunboat Confstoga,
Paducaii, February 3, 1862.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that I left Cairo
yesteiday w itli this vessel, having ordered the armored gun-
boats E>«.ex, C'aiondelet, Cincinnati, and St. Louis to pie-
ccdc me to Padueah, and amved here last evening.
To-day 1 puipose ascending the Tennessee liver with the
four now aimorod boat1? and the old gunboats Taylor, Con-
estoga, and Lexington, m convoy ol the troops under Gen-
eral Grant, for the purpose of conjointly attacking and oc-
cupying Fort Ilerny and the railroad bridge connecting
Bowling Green with Columbus. The transports have not
yet aiuved, although expected last night from Cairo, winch
causes detention, while in the mean time, unfoitunatMy,
the river is falling. I am ready with the seven gunboars to
net offensively whenever the Army is in condition to ad-
vance, and have every confidence, under God. that we j-bali
be able to silence the guns at Fort Henry and its sunound-
ings.notwithstandine 1 have been obliged, tor want of men,
to take fiom the five boats remaining at Cano all the men
except a sufficient numbci to man one gunboat for the pro-
tection ol that important post.
I have left Commander Kltly,as senior officer,in charge
of the guns and moitar boats at Cairo, ordeiing him, with
the assistance ot Fleet Captain Pennock, to use every effoit
in obtaining men and forwarding the caily equipment of
