184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
ably justify the Senate in refusing to let a Senator
be sworn in coming here with the appropriate
credentials—unquestioned credentials—from his
State; but, in my judgment, it ought to depend
upon alleged acts, and coming with very powerful
authority to question his right to take a seat in the
Senate; for even supposing that the facts stated
in the paper might be such which, if established,
would justify the expulsion of a Senator by the
Senate, still I do not consider that you have a
right to refuse him a seat, and say he shall not
take the seat on anything but a very distinctive
assertion of facts that are inconsistent with the
performance of his duties here.
I differ, too, greatly from the honorable Senator
from Maine in his general principle. If there is
any period of time in which there is a necessity
of adhering to forms it is in times of high excite-
ment. The mind is apt to become biased and
prejudiced, and there can be no protection unless
you adhere to forms under such circumstances.
Jlpices juris sunt jurats d. principle which the hon-
orable Senator must know well must often be ap-
plied; that which may seem but form is really the
protection of the rights of the party.
Now, sir, when I come to read these papers, I
may not object to the reference of the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary; but it does seem
to me that it ought to be a very strong case which
would prevent a Senator from being sworn in,
when he comes with unquestioned credentials, on
a paper, or a remonstrance addressed, not to the
Senate of the United States, but to the Secretary
of State.
t Mr. FESSENDEN. AU I have to say in rela-
tion to the Senator's si%gestion to let this matter
he over is this: my motion is simply that these
papers be referred before the oath is administered.
If they lie over, and the oatli is not administered
to-day, and the matter can come up to-morrow, 1
certainly shall have no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I want to have an opportunity
to look into the papers.
Mr. SUMNEIi. I should like to have some of
the papers at least read.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit, sir, whether it would
be just towards the gentleman claiming a seat here
to preoccupy the public mind with one-sided state-
ments, evidently from those who arc not friendly
to his right to a seat, as will be the case if they
go into the newspapers with the criticisms of the
press, which will of course all bedirected against
the right of the honorable Senator. I submit to
the gentleman who asks for the reading of the
papers whether, if the question is to rest until
to-morrow, the whole had not better lie on the
table.
Mr FESSENDEN I think that would be as
well
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
withdraw his call ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 meielyrose to correct
an impression which prevails in the Senate, aris-
ing from a statement made by the Senator from
Indiana, and acquiesced in by the Senator from
Maine. It is not, true that credentials have not
been referred before parties have been sworn in,
in the Senate. Usually, where the credentials
were fair upon their face, the person claiming a
seat has been sworn in as a member; but the prac-
tice has not been uniform, as the Senator from
Indiana supposes it has, and as the Senator from
Maine agieed that it had been. There are a number
of cases where the credentials themselves were
referred, cases where Senators were refused their
seats,and where Senators received their seats after
the credentials had been referred.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator be good
enough to name the cases?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will They have been
named in this body before. If the Senator from
Indiana's recollection had been entirely accurate,
he would have remembered that that objection
was made in his own case. It is true a majority
of the Senate decided that lie should be sworn in.
Mr. BRIGHT. That was what I stated, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Butit was not acquiesced
in upon all sides of the Chamber by any means.
Now, sir, as for the cases: James Lanman, of
Connecticut, was appointed a Senator, and ap-
peared in the Senate to take his seat on the 4th of
March, 18^5. A motion was made by Mr. Holmes,
of Maine, that Mr. Lanman be permitted to take
the oath required by the Constitution, on which
a debate arose, and after some debate, on motion
of Mr. Eaton, it was
" Ordered, That the foregoing motion1'—
that is, the motion that he be sworn—
" togetherwith the credentials of Mr. Lanman, be referred
to a select committee to consist of three members, to con-
sider and repoit thereon."
That was the order of the Senate; and on mo-
tion of Mr. "Van Burcn, it was
" Ordered, That Mr. Lanman have leave to be heard at
the bur of the Senate on tlie question as to his right to a
seat."
That is one case. Mr. Lanman was refused a
seat. That is a case where the reception of the
credentials was refused, and the applicantwas not
permitted to take the seat. Now 1 will read, for
the information of the Senator from Indiana, a
case where the applicant's credentials were re-
ferred, and he was admitted to a seat.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to ask him just there, if there were
not two Senators from the State of Connecticut
sitting at the time ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. Was not the question raised
there whether there was a vacancy ? That was
the point raised in that case, if I recollect it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question was whether
the Governor had a right to appoint a Senator
under those circumstances, but the credentials
were perfect. In the case of Stanley Griswold, of
Ohio, appointed by the Executive of the State,
he appeared on the 9th of June, 1809, and it was
ordered that his credentials be referred to the
Committee on Elections. On the 15th of June the
committee reported favorably thereupon, and he
was admitted to a seat. That is a case where a
Senator's credentials were referred; and on a sub-
sequent day, on a report of a committee, he was
admitted with his credentials. So the practice has
not been uniform by any means, and this is not
an unheard of motion.
That is all I desired to present to the consider-
ation of the Senate. I have no objection to the
papers going over until to-morrow, and no opin-
ions, of course, to express in reference to the mat-
ter, as I have not read the papers; butthe motion,
I wish it might be understood, is not unprece-
dented in this body.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire, Mr. President, to
make one single remark. It is said that the prop-
osition now before the Senate is without a prece-
dent. New occasions teach new duties; new
precedents are to be made when the occasion re-
quires. Never before in the history of our Gov-
ernment has any person appeared to take a seat
in this body whose previous conduct and declara-
tions, as presented to the attention of the Senate,
gave reasonable ground to distrust his loyalty.
That case, sir, is without a precedent. It belongs,
therefore, to the Senate to make a precedent, in
order to deal with an unprecedented case. The
Senate is at this moment engaged in considering
the loyalty of certain members of this body, and
it seems to me it would poorly do its duty if it
admitted among its members one with regard to
whom,as he came forward to take the oath, there
was a reasonable suspicion.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, my only de-
sire js that this subject shall go over until to-
morrow, that 1 may loqk at it and read the state-
ments which have been produced by the honorable
Senator from Maine; but I cannot assent to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Illinois.
This is not a new state of things as regards the
question of precedent, founded on mere matter of
opinion. Sir, in the war of 1812 there were men
sitting in the Senate of the United States, and men
admitted into the Senate of the United States, that
were opposed to the war and opposed to the whole
action of the Government. That was a war with
a foreign enemy; war with a domestic enemy is
no worse. During the conspiracy of Burr there
were men in the Senate of the United States that
were believed to sympathize with it, as this gen-
tlemen is believed to sympathize with those op-
posed to our Government. I do not know him;
to me he is a stranger. I neithorknowhisopinions
nor the evidence m relation to them; but I say
there were gentlemen who were generally reputed
to have sanctioned Burr's conspiracy who were
Senators of the United States. The cases may
not be exactly parallel to any existing at present;
but condemnation for mere opinion, apart from
acts, never can be justice under any circumstances.
As to the class of cases alluded to by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, 1 think he will find
that there is no case to be found in the records of
the Senate where the body ever refused to swear
in a gentleman presenting a certificate except
where there was a question as to the authority to
appoint, or where there was an irregularity in tho
credentials themselves. The case of Mr. Lanman
was a case in which the Governor of a State un-
dertook to appoint where there was a vacant seat,
but not a broken term; that is, to appoint to the
commencement of a full term. The Senate de-
cided that they were bound to take official notice
of that fact, and that he could nottakeaseatunder
such an Executive appointment. That was the
ground of the objection. That was apparent. It
was not a subject of inquiry as to facts, but a
matter judicially noticeable by the Senate. So in
the case of a Senator from my own State, which
was the first instance of the kind that occurred:
in 1798 he was appointed by the Governor of the
State after the Legislature had met—the vacancy
being in cxistencc—and adjourned without filling
it. There, too, the Senate, on the same ground
that it was not within the authority of the Exec-
utive to make an appointment m such a case, re-
fused him the seat, and refused to let him be sworn
in. But why? Because there were no facts to be
inquiied into; the objection was one that went to
the authority of the appointing power, and until
that was determined the party was not entitled to
a seat. I think I may say with safety that where
the credentials were not irregular, or where there
was no objection on the ground of want of author-
! ity to make the appointment on the part of the
; appointing power, be it legislative or executive,
j no case can be found where the Senate refused to
I swear in a gentleman presenting credentials. Of
course u is in the power of the Senate to unseat
him aftci wards.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Massachu-
setts remarked that the Senate were now engaged
in examining into the loyalty of certain members
of this body. I suppose he alluded to me. I am
in that category, and the examination is based on
three lines that it is alleged 1 wrote in a letter for
a friend of mine, dated as far back as the 1st day
of March last. The objectionable feature in that
letter is, that I addressed Jefferson Davis as pres-
ident of the confederate States. In that I was but
following the example of Senators upon this floor
who, day after day, spoke and addressed him by
that title at that time; yet no exception was taken
to that. However, I clo not propose arguing my
case now; it would be out of place; but I want it
to go out to the world with the statement of the
Senator from Massachusetts, that, so far as I am
concerned, I hope the Senate are examining into
my case, and I am very sorry that they have pro-
gressed so slowly. 1 am impatient for the in-
vestigation and anxiousYor the result, ready to
meet it at any time it may come, and the sooner
tho better. I say this much for the information
of tho committee who have my case in charge,
and for my friends at a distance, who appear to
be borrowing some trouble on my account. I do
not ask their sympathy. I have done nothing
that I would not do over again under the same
circumstances, and that I am not prepared to de-
fend here or elsewhere.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I do not understand
that this motion involves, in any degree, the merits
of the controversy in reference to the seats ofgen-
tlcmen already occupying scats on this floor, the
Senator from Indiana inclusive. (i Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." When those cases
are presented, the Senate, doubtless, and I cer-
tainly, will be prepared to vote upon them; butthe
motion made this morning involves, as it seems
to me, simply this and no more: credentials are
presented from the Governor of Oregon appoint-
ing a gentleman to a seat upon this floor. The
presentation and reading of those credentials
makes a prim* facie case in favor of the member,
and unless that prima facie case is rebutted he
should be sworn and admitted to a seat upon this
floor. But the statements made by the Senator
from Mainecontainenough evidence,to my mind,
to rebut that prima facie case. The statements
made by him arc to this effcct: that gentlemen
of high character, of unimpeachable credit say,
under oath, that this man is disloyal and untrue to
