1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of vast importance, and will coverall that class of
cases which could not be reached under the de-
cision of the circuit court in Ohio, as recently
pronounced.
Mr. WADE. I do not understand that decision
as the Senator from New Jersey does, although
I have not seen more than a brief synopsis of it.
Upon the first statement of it which I saw pub-
lished, I understood it just as the Senator does;
but [ saw afterwards a little more detailed account
of it, and I then perceived that the decision turned
upon an entirely different point. In the first in-
stance, I thought that the judge intended to say
that, in a civil war like the present, to aid, abet,
or assist the enemy would not be treason under
the Constitution; but on looking at the more de-
tailed statement, I came to the conclusion that the
decision turned entirely on the form of the indict-
ment, and that the pleader, instead of having
charged the man with having assisted and abetted
the rebellion, ought to have"charged him directly
with levying war against the United States. The
decision, as I understand it is, that in the case of
a foreign war you may indict a man for giving
aid and comfort to the enemy, but that in a do-
mestic war your indictments must be under the
other clause of the Constitution, and you must
charge the man with levying war. It turns out
that the decision was founded upon the mere tech-
nical form of pleading. The judgment of the court
was founded on a great number of English decis-
ions, and it was that the indictment was vicious
in not directly charging the defendant with having
levied war, when the proof would have been that
he aided and assisted the enemy that was levy-
ing war. That, I believe, is the amount of the
decision.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It may bo aside from the
present discussion, but I certainly saw published
in the National Intelligencer what purported to be
a verbatim account of the opinion delivered by
Justice Swayne; and the court held that those
words in our Constitution which make it treason
to give aid and comfort to the enemywere an
exact copy of the old Norman-French, incorpor-
ated into an English statute, and cited several
cases that had been decided in England under
that very statute, holding that the treason therein
spoken of consisted in giving aid and comfort to
a foreign enemy, and could not and did not apply
to giving aid and comfort t<3 a rebellion within the
realm. Although the court may have said that
the indictment was not sufficient, because it did
not charge the actual levying of war, they held it
so because of necessity it must have been so charged
to hold the party indicted guilty of treason against
the United States, for he could not be guilty of
treason against the United States except under the
first branch of the clause of the Constitution, which
declares that " treason shall consist only in levy-
ing war against the United States, or adhering to
their enemies,giving them aid andcomfort." The
court held that treason consisted in levying war
against the United States, but could not consist m
giving aid and comfort to the citizens of the Uni-
ted States in rebellion against the Government.
That is the decision upon which the court quashed
the indictment against a person whose name I do
not remember; and under that decision Thomas
B. Lincoln, who was the man that Bright was
guilty of giving aid and comfort to, and others, go
free. „ , ,
Mr. WADE. I think the reason of that de-
cision is this: in treason there are no accessories.
If a man does anything to aid, abet, or assist, so
that he would be an accessory before the fact in a
felony, he becomes a principal traitor, and must
be so treated in the indictment. It must, there-
fore, charge him directly with levying war, be-
cause that is the only treason in the case of a
domestic war. The court took a distinction be-
tween a domestic and a foreign war. Under these
circumstances, the judge said he was a principal
traitor, and must be charged as such, because m
treason there are no accessories. If a man is a
traitor, if he assists at all, he is a principal traitor,
and must be treated as such in an indictment, and
that is all there was in the decision, as I under-
stand it. .
Mr. DAYIS. The same question that has been
referred to in this debate was made before the dis-
trict court of the United States for Kentucky, and
the district judge there decided the law, as I un-
derstand it,'in conformity to the decision ot Chief
Justice Marshall, and of the English courts also.
The clause in the Constitution which defines trea-
son adopts, nearly literally, the language of the
statute of 25 Edward III, and it gives two defin-
itions of treason; one is levying war against the
United States, and the other is adhering to the
enemies of the United States, giving them aid and
comfort. In the opinion rendered in the case of
the United States vs. Chenowith, decided by Judge
Swaync, which has been referred to, it was ruled
that the objection which was made to the indict-
ment, and upon which it was quashed, might be
obviated by the charge that the treasonable act
was a levying of war; but here is the difficulty,
as the Senator from Ohio well observed; there
may be an adherence to the enemies of the Uni-
ted States and giving them aid andcomfort, which
is not an act of making war, and where that was
the character of the aid and comfort given, of
course it would be idle to charge against a party
that he had levied war, for the proof being not
that he had levied war, but that he had adhered
to an enemy of the United States, giving him aid
and comfort, and the act of adherence, and the aid
and comfort given by him, not amounting to a
levying of war, he could not be convicted. To
my mind, two definitions of treason by the Con-
stitution of the United States are palpable; and
the distinction between an act of levying war and
an act of adhering to the enemy of the United
States giving him aid and comfort, which might
not be an act of making war, is plain and palpable.
The English courts, in interpreting the statute
of 25 Edward III, and Chief Justice Marshall
and the district court of Kentucky, sustain this
distinction, that where the proof amounted to the
offense of adhering to an enemy, giving the en-
emy aid and comfort, and not the act of making
war, that enemy must be a foreign State with
which the United States was at war; and that an
adherence to a domestic enemy was not an adher-
ence to an enemy within the meaning of the Con-
stitution, although aid and comfort were given that
enemy, as would bring-the party under the defin-
ition of the second branch of treason as defined
by that instrument. In the case of the United
States vs. Bollman, the court entered into a defin-
ition of what is an act of levying _war, and de-
cided some acts to be acts of levying war, and
other acts not to be acts of levying war. These
latter classes of acts might, and often would, be
giving aid and comfort to the enemy, but they
were not acts of the character that amounted to a
levying of war. The principle decided by the
English courts and by the American courts is,
that where the act does not amount to a levying
of war, but is an adherence to the enemy, giving
the enemy aid and comfort, that act, to come with-
in the last definition of treason by the Constitu-
tion, must be an adherence to a foreign enemy
with which the United States are at war, giving
that foreign enemy aid and comfort.
Mr. WADE. 1 desire to ask the Senator a
question. If I understand him now correctly, it
is no offense under any law of ours for a man to
aid and assist the enemy, the rebels.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not treason.
Mr. WADE. Is it a punishable offense under
our law?
Mr. DAVIS. I am not prepared to "Say whether
it is or not. . ,
Mr. WADE. I think the Senator is mistaken
in supposing it is not treason.
I do not thinlc
Judge Swayne so decided, buthis decision referred
to the form of the indictment.
Mr. DAVIS. I know that our district judge so
decided, and discharged men on that ground, very
much against my inclination, but I thought his
decision was right.
Mr. WADE. If that is so, it is a great dcfcct
which should be remedied.
Mr. DAVIS. I know that is the construction
which the English courts have given of the stat-
ute of 25 Edward III, and my recollection is, that
Chief Justice MarshalLgave the same interpreta-
tion and construction to the clause of the Consti-
tution of the United States in relation to treason.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
has moved to strike out the first section of the bill.
I move to retain the enacting clause of that sec-
tion, and to add certain words which I send to the
C The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves to amend the bill by striking
out the first section of it. Before the question is
taken on striking out, the section is open to amend-
ment and modification by way of perfecting it.
The Senator from Kentucky* moves to amend the
section by striking out in the fifth and sixth lines
the words," and all his slaves, if any, shall Be de-
clared and made free,M and in the eighth and lHrith
lines by striking out the words " and all his slavps,
if any, shall be declared and made free," arid in
the tenth line, by striking out the words " exclud-
ing slaves," and adding to the section the wojrds,
"or may be punished by confinement in prison
at hard labor for not less than five or more than
twenty years;" so that the section, if amended
as proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, will
read:
Be it enacted, 4'c., That every person vvlio shall hereafter
commit the crime of treason against the United States, and
shall be adjudged guilty thereof, shall suffer death, or shall
be imprisoned not less than live years, and fined not less
than $10,000; said fine shall be levied and collected onany
or all of the property, real and personal, of which the said
person so convicted was the owner at the time of commit-
ting the said crime, any sale or conveyance to the contrary
notwithstanding; or lie may be punished by confinement in
prison at Hard labor for not less than live or more than twenty
years.
The first question is on the amendment to the
section proposed by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word in explanation
of the amendment which I have submitted. In
my section of the country, neither the criminals
who are engaged in treason nor the public seem
to have a proper idea of the enormity of the crime
that is committed. Instead of feeling any sense of
shame and degradation for the commission of the
crime, those who do commit it rather take honor
and glory to themselves as patriots and as mem-
bers of a chivalrous organization. That, to my
mind, is altogether wrong. I hold treason to be
one of the most heinous and basest of crimes.
1 think it ought to be so punished; I think it ought
to be so regarded by those who venture upon the
commission of the crime, and especially by the
public. The punishment that is now attached to
that crime is simply capital punishment by hang-
ing. We all know that it is very difficult to get
the execution of a law denouncingcapital punish-
ment. It is so in my part of the country. As far
as I have had experience in the administration of
criminal justice, and i have had a good deal, I
may add, it is exceedingly difficult to get convic-
tions that subject men to capital punishment.
I propose, as an alternative substitute pun-
ishment, that of confinement at hard labor, liko
an ordinary convict, in the cell of a penitentiary;
that the persons guilty of the crime shall go to the
house of imprisonment; that they shall there be
i stripped of their fine clothes; that they shall have
the coarse fabric that is common to inmates of
such prisons; that they shall have their heads
shaved; that they shall be put to hard work; that
they shall suffer an ignominious and a degrading
punishment, such a one as will impress upon them-
selves and upon the country at large an idea of
the turpitude of their crime, and of their own per-
sonal degradation in being convicted of it, and
being subjected to punishment for it, I think that
" the chivalry," so far as I am acquainted with
them, who have entered into this war «« in defense
of southern rights,99 would dread punishment by
confinement in piison,and being doomed to hard
labor, and to the evidences of ignominy and per-
sonal degradation to which I havead verted,
would infinitely prefer death to any such punish-
ment as that. I think, also, that in many cases
where it would be utterly impracticable to get a
conviction which would doom men to death,you
could get convictions that would condemn them
to confinement athard labor in prison. .
In that mode 1 think a punishment might be
prescribed that would be more certain in its exe-
cution. It would be administered in a great num-
ber of cases where it would be wholly impracti-
cable to get a punishment by death; and I think,
in additional would impress much more strongly,
and would haveamuch more restraining influence
on the dispositions of men to commit this crime
at the present conjuncture of affairs by entering
into the southern army. It would have greatly a
more restraining influence upou society,and upon
young men at large, especially, than the simple,
single mode of capital punishment.
Mr. CLARK. I agree with much that has been
said by the Senator from Kentucky; and 1 desire
to ask the attention of the Senate, and of the Sen-
