1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12#'
the mortar boats. It is peculiarly unfortunate that we have
not been able to obtain men for the flotilla, as they only
are wanting to enable me to have, at this moment, eleven
full-manned instead of seven psutidlly-manned gunboats
ready foi efficient operation* at any point. The volunteers
from the Anny to go in the gunboats excecd the number of
men requited; but the derangement ot companies and regi-
ments ut permitting: them to leave, is the reason a&signed
for not more than fifty of the number having been thus far
transferred to the flotilla.
1 inclose a copy ot my orders to the commanders of the
gunboats, m anticipation of the attack on Foit Henry 5 al«o
a copy of oideib to Lieutenant Commanding Phelps, who
will have moie especial charge of the old gunboats, and
operate in a le*s exposed condition than theaunoied boats>.
I have the honor to he, very re>pectfullv, your obedient
seivant, A. H. FOOTE, Flag Officer,
Commanding Naval Forces on the Western JFaters.
Hon. Gideon Welles, 1
Secretary of the Navy, Washington, JJ. C. 1
P. fcj.—Several transports with tioops have ju&t arrived. I
A. H. F. !
I proceed up the Tennessee early in (he momms, and ;
will theie make the Cincinnati my flag-ship. A. II. F.
On the preceding day he had issued the follow- ;
ing order to Lieutenant Phelps: i
[Special Older*. No. 3 ] j
U.mtfd States Gunboat Taylor, [
Paducah, February 1662.
Lieutenant Commanding Phelps will, as >oon as the t'oit
shall have Miriendeiod, and upon signal from the flag ship, ,
proceed with the Cone<.toga. Taylor, and Lexington, up the ,
uvei to wheie the laiiroad budge cios&es, and if the army ;
shall not already have got possession, he will destroy fco ,
much of the tiatk as will entirely prevent its use by the j
reboK
He will then pioeeed as far up the river as the stage of •
the water will admit, and capture ttie enemy's gunboats ami ;
othci vessels which might piovo available to the enemy ;
A. 11. FOOTE, Flat: Officer,
Commanding Naval Foi ces on the Western Waters. ;
The fleet, consisting of the iron-clad boats Es- ;
sex, Carondelet, Cincinnati, and St. Louis, and j
the three wooden boats Taylor, Lexington, and (
Conestoga proceeded to Fort Henry and reduced j
it in one"hour and twenty minutes, Commodore ;
Foote being1, as is his wonC, in the forefront of I
the haul''. It appears fiom the order to LicuU n- |
ant Phelps, (which that gallant officer promptly j
executed,) that Couimodoiu Foote knew before j
leaving Paducah that he should take Fort Henry, !
no matter what might be the force or the resist- 1
ance he should meet there. He was thoroughly ,
inspired by the great idea of vietoiy. The con- |
tingency of failure did not enter into his caicula- :
tious. He, therefore, addressed himself to plans
for reaping the fruits of victory, rather than to
plans for repairing the consequences of defeat. It
will be observed fiom the foregoing letter to the
Secretary of the Navy, written before the battle
of Fort Henry, that the efficiency of the flotilla
was much impaired by the want of seamen, or by
a neglect m some quarter to ha\e those transferred
from the military service who had been selected
for that purpose.
After reducing Fort Henry and sweeping the
Tennessee river as far up as Florence, in Alabama,
Com mod 01 e Foote returned to Cairo to prepaie the
mortar boats for operations against Foi t Doneison.
He was awate of the formidable character of the
rebel woiks at Doneison, and ho desired a dei.iy
of a few davs to complete the moitar boats, by
which ho believed the garrison, however exten-
sive, could be shelled out without much loss of
life on our side. Genera! Haileek believed an im-
mediate attack to be a military necessity. In this,
I doubt not, he was right, and I only refer to it to
show that the crippled condition of the fleet and
the heavy loss of life on our side are not to be at-
tributed to rashness or bad management on the
part of the flag officer. Of the gallant attack 011
Fort Doneison no one need be reminded. Sub-
jected, as our vessels were, to a long-continued
and hot lire of three rebel batteries at four hun-
dred yards' distance, tiiey continued the fight for
one hour and thirty minutes, and^ not until the
wheel of one and the tiller ropes ot another of his
boats were shot away, did the well-managed guns
of the commodore cease to scatter death and con-
sternation among the foes of his country Although
wounded himself, and his gunboats ci ippled, but
with tiie glory of the combat on his brow, he in-
dulged in no repimngs for his personal misfortunes
or laudations of his successes; but, like atiue
Christian hero, ho thought only of his men. In
a letter written the morning after the battle to a
friend, he said:
"While 1 hope ever to rely 011 Him who controls all
things, and to say ttoin the heart, 'Not unto us-, but unto
Thee, O Lord, belongs the gioivV yet I feel sddly at the in-
sult of our attack on ForlDonelbOn. To see the brave offi-
cers and men who say they will go wherever 1 lead them
fail by my side, makes me feel sad to lead them to almost
certain death."
But he obeyed what was believed to be the
military necessity of the situation.
The Senator from Massachusetts nearest me
has this morning kindly furnished me with a let-
ter fiom a trustworthy friend of his who has from
the beginning been with the army of the West,
from which I am permitted to read the following
extracts:
"When Fort Henry suirendered, the gate was opened
by which the lebeiliou will be finally and utteiiv crushed.
In a few day* Commodore Foote will open the Mississippi,
provided he ix not hampered "and also provided he is prop-
erly supported by Government. He ha  done a great wot k
for his country—a work which, I dm sorry to say. has not
been piopnlv appieciated. lie ha>> mipiovised a navy with
almost in^inmountable obstacles against him. I see it
stated in the papers that the gunboat? did hut little service
at Doneison, which is a monstious mistake. They silenced
rieatlv all the enemy's guns, and had not the wheel of one
boat and the tiller iupe- of another been shot away, in fif-
teen minutes more the battel les would have been flanked
and the enrne rebel army expo-ed to the broadsides of the
fleet. He would have mowed them down like glass."
As it was, he made the work of the army in the fight
of Satui day much easier than nothei wise would have been.
Severn! of the Mississippi officers (prisoners) informed me
that the shells of the qunboats hiid a demoralizing effect
upon their men. The Memphis Appeal says it dispirited
them" >• ■* * * I have had a fair opportunity
to observe the operations of both army and navy, and 1
can sav with emnhasis thatthcre are no more self-denvntff.
can say with emphasis thatthcre are no more self-denying,
patriotic, hard-woi king, faithful men than the flag officer
and his captains, Steuibel, Petmock, Phelps, and others."
* * * * " I make these statements from my own
sense of justice and honor,and not from any man's pio/npt-
ing or request."
The next movement of Commodore Foote, \\iith
his flotilla, was to take possession of Clarfrsville,
whore lie snivel! on The 19th day of February,
and issued his proclamations to the inhabitants
three (lavs before the arrival of the land foices,
though that fact, from some unexplained cause,
nowhere appears in the official reports of the mil-
itary commander of that department.
Oil the 21st Pebiuary, lSCiJ, Commodore Foote
teleaiaphed to General Cullum, the chief of Gen-
eral Hallcck's staff, then at Cairo, as follows:
Paducah, February 21, 186*3.
Oeneial Cui.lum, Cairo:
Gmeial Giant and myself considci this a good time to
move on Nashville: siy mottar boats and two non-clad
steamer* can preoodc the tioops and '-hell the foitc. We
weie about moving for thi< pmpo-,e when Geneial Giant,
to my astonishment, leceived a telegram fiom Geneial Ilal-
leckj'-nor to let tin, gunboats go higher than Clarksville ;"
n<> tclcgi.mi sent to me.
The Cumbei land is in a good stage ot water, and General
Grant and f believe that we can take Nashville. Please
aak Geneial Haileek if we shall do it. We will talk per
tclegiaph—Captain Phelps lepresenting me in the office,as
[ am still on crutches.
A. II. FOOTE, Flag Officer.
It may bo that theie was some great military
reason why General Grant was directed " not to
let the gunboats go higher than Clarksville," hut
up to this time it is wholly unappreeiable by the
public. Had they been permitted to go, as was
proposed by Commodore Foote, Nashville would
undoubtedly have capitulated some days earlier
than it did, and an immense amountof rebel stores
been captured, which were destroyed or removed
before t he army reached there, the, value of which
has been estimated at $2,000,000, and would prob-
!| ably have mteicepted a part of the lebel John-
''} ston's army.
1 ousht not to omit to mention the gallant attack
:! by a part of the western flotilla, under Lieutenant
Gwm, upon the enemy at Pittsburg on the Ten-
nessee river, where fifteen hundied rebel infantry
■ < and cavalry were completely routed, with a loss
of twenty killed and one hundred wounded.
The next fact of importance in the campaign at
the West, and indeed the most important of all,
was the evacuation of Columbus. Why was this
; stronghold, which cost so much labor and cx-
j pense, abandoned without filing a shot ? It is not
; for me to underrate the advantages of position se- ^
I cured by the valor of our troops at Fort Doneison; j
i yet I undertake to say, from the knowledge I have ;
' been able to obtain of the defenses at Columbus, ;
i that there was nothing in the mere fact of the cap- j
j ture of Doneison and Nash\tile, and exclusive of J
■ our command of the river, which need have caused j
the evacuation, except after a long and bloody j
siege. From the letter of a coi respondent writing j
: on the spot, I obtain the information that the forts r
at Culumbus , j
1 - Weie so located and constructed as to he almost ira- j
' pregnable to an assault by storm. The capture of onu by i
no means involved the captui© of the balance. A fresh as-
saultmustbe made in each instance. At the main fort, and
many of the earthworks, stockades crossed the trenches, ex-
posing the assaulting party to a storm of bullets from rifle-
men firing through loop-holes. Every ravine and ditch was
thoroughly protected, and the various approaches ot the
river commanded for a long distance m every direction.
It is sufficient to say, that an unusually strong natural posi-
tion was seized upon, and so improved by rare engineering
skill, that the equal of the Columbus fortifications, in ex-
tent and peifection of detail combined, can hardly be found
in the United States."
Another correspondent, describing the fortifica-
tions after the evacuation, says:
'•The fortifications were strong—perhaps stronger than
any others in the South—but they weie injudiciously coit-
stiucted, and could not have stood an hour's bombardment
by the gunboats and mortar fleet. The water battery stood
out in such relief fiom the bluff that a well-directed mortar
shell would have bui led itunder a hundred tons of earth from
above. There weie no casemates to protect the artillery
fiom the galling fire of seven gunboats; and how iong could
men, unsheltei ed ,have stood a continuous hail from twenty
one guns, thiowing eight-inch shell ?"
It is well understood that Commodore Foote was
opposed to giving the rebels an opportunity to
leave Columbus. He felt sure of his ability, with
his gun and mortar boats, to shell them into a
speedy surrender, but was compelled to give way
to counsels of military commanders.
When we couple the strategic position acquired
by our occupation of the Tennessee and Cumber-
land rivers with the completion of the mortar
boats and the absolute command of the river given
us by the armored gunboats, there remains no
mystery about the evacuation of Columbus. The
two arms of the public service are equally entitled
to the credit of frightening the rebels from their
strongest position on the Mississippi river, if not
the strongest in their whole military jurisdiction.
Yesterday the intelligence reached us that the
western flotilla, composed of ten gunboats and ten
mortar boats had started for new scenes of conflict
and to achieve, i doubt not, new and yet greater
triumphs. Th> country is assured that whatever
can be accomplished by gallantry and nautical ex-
perience will be peifoimed by Commodore Foote
and the brave officers aad men under his command.
Wc await the announcement of new victories.
I have thought it proper, Mr. President, as a
western Senator, in some degree charged with the
examination of naval affah s by this body, to bear
this testimony to the worth of that branch of the
public service in the western campaign, and to the
noble deeds of the flag officer in that command.
No one can over-estimate their services to the coun-
try, and to the Northwest in paiticular; and in
the name of that great section and of the whole
country I thank them, one and all, officers and
men.
But I would avail myself of this occasion to
accomplish another purpose. I am anxious that
the people of this entire country may feel that the
exploits of the Navy wherever pci formed arc their
exploits, that its glory is theirglory, and that while
they are taxing themselves to support it, they are
supporting the light arm of the national defense.
I desire the citizen of the most remote frontier
to feel that he is equally protected and equally
honored by the brave deeds of our naval officers
with the citizen of the Atlantic coast. I wish the
men of Iowa and Minnesota to know that they
are aseffectually defended in their liberties at home
and in their lionorabroad, by the achievements of
Du Pont and Goldsborough and Strmgham and
Foote on the water, as they can be by any victo-
ries won by our armies on the land.
Mr. President, ours must be a great maritime
nation. Heaven has ordained that it should be
such, and we could not make it otherwise if we
would. We have a coast, both on the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, which, with its numerous in-
dentations, is many thousand miles in extent, occu-
pied by a hardy, nautical population, and Hawked
on either side by soiis and climates that furnish
the most valuable productions of the globe, and
which must be supplied to othei nations. On
the north we have a succcsaion of great lakes
aheady braiing upon their bosoms a registered
commercial tonnage of nearly half n million, and
navigated by a race of daring, industrious, north-
ern seamen. Unlike any other maritime nation,
ours is traversed by navigable rivers, thousands
of miles in length, floating au inland commerce
unequalcd by that of any country m the world, ex-
cept, possibly, that of China, and capable of nav-
igation by armed vessels of greau-apacity. With
a. counuy of such extent, a soil and climate fur-
