2X68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
ator from Illinois, to the fact that if you strike
out the first section of the bill, you have no pun-
ishmentfor treason or rebellion by imprisonment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is the second sec-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. The second section does not
provide for it. It provides for a forfeiture of es-
tate, and that is all. I desire to lighten this pun-
ishment for treason because I have no doubt thei*e
is great deal of forcc in what is said by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky on that point. 1 think also
that there is gveat force in what he said about some
of these traitors having an idea that they were
engaged in a very ehivalric business; that they
gloried in it; they think secession is right; they
have been taught that secession is right by a great
many people; and by other people they have been
taught that they may be entirely neutral, that they
owe no obligation to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; that itis not necessary for them to side
with the Government, but that they may main-
tain neutrality, and think they are doing entirely
right. By the teachings of some they go into re-
bellion ; by the teachings of others they go between
the two. They think they are right. I agree that
the punishment by imprisonment would teach
those gentlemen a salutary lesson; but I want to
inquire of the Senator why, when he has taken
away the life for treason, or when he has incar-
cerated the body and shaved the head and made
the man sit in sackcloth, he objects to taking away
his negro also ? Take his life, or shave his head,
put manacles on him, set him down in sackcloth
and ashes, but do not touch his negro !
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
answer that question ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to taking his
negro, or any property whatever, if you just con-
fiscate it bona fule. 1 he Congress of the United
States have no power to liberate a slave in a State,
or to authorize it to be done. I have no objec-
tion to slaves being treated like lands, or any other
property. I think myself they ought to be sub-
jected to the same law and to the same course of
appropriation that other properly is. I do not
think there ought to be any distinction. The rea-
son that J do not give in to the view of the gentle-
man is, that I believe it is not competent foi Con-
gress to liberate or to authorize the liberation of a
negro anywhere, and particularly in the States.
Mr. CLARK. Let the Senator give me his at-
tention a moment, and I think he will agree with
me that it is not competent for Congress to go into
the State of Virginia or Kentucky and pass a law
taking away ยง10,000 of property from a man; but
it can impose a punishment that shall take it from
him. It may not be competent directly to take
the slave from him, but it can impose a punish-
ment which shall take it from him. I have not
any doubt about it, and that is whatthis bill seeks
to do.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to answer that?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I admit that Congress may au-
thorize the punishment of treason, and I admit
that it may authorize the punishment of treason
prospectively by a forfeiture of property for the
lifetime of the criminal; but I deny that to take
property and not appropriate the proceeds to the
public Treasury is a forfeiture at all. Every defin-
ition of confiscation and forfeiture is to this effect,
that a party charged with the commission of a
crime or some legal default of duty, loses his in-
terest and estate in the property, and the property
is transferred to the nation or to individuals to
remunerate them for the real or supposed loss by
the default of the person who is charged with the
default. That is forfeiture or confiscation.
Mr. CLARK. Then, as I understand it, the
objection us not that we take the negro from the
master by way of punishment, but that we do not
give him to somcoody else, or put him into the
public Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; that is the objection;
that you do not sell the negro, do not appropriate
the ncyro as you would other property.
_ Mr.OLARK. Now,I wanttosubmitthis ques-
tion to my t.onorable friend: suppose we had for-
feited a horse or a mule, could we not turn it free5
Mr. DAVIS. I think not.
Mr. CLARK. ^ Could we not turn ahorse loose
if he was expensive to keep?
Mr. DAVIS. You might refuse to appropriate
him, but your duty and the execution of the idea
of forfeiture would require you to appropriate that
property, to sell that property, and put the pro-
ceeds into the public Treasury.
Mr. CLARK. Very well. Suppose Congress
thought that ,its duty required him to go free:
what then ? Who is to judge of the duty ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer that, with the gen-
tleman's permission. The term " forfeiture" is
a legal phrase. It is a term of art. It has as pre-
cise a legal significance, and had at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution, as the term " ex
post facto " or the term " bill of attainder, "or any
other technical legal term of art. My position is
that the term" forfeiture" necessarily imports, as
the principal and essential idea, that the property
is to be disposed of for the benefit of the party
that is injured in fact, or supposed to be injured,
whether that party be the United States or indi-
viduals. I ask the Senator from New Hampshire
to bring me a definition of confiscation or for-
feiture, or a decision of a court where the proceeds
of the property confiscated or forfeited were not
appropriated. Give me a single example. I say
that the essence of forfeiture, the main idea of for-
feiture, is not so much to deprive the person in
default and charged with crime of property as it
is to transfer that propcity to the public or to in-
dividuals who arc supposed to be injured by the
act of the criminal.
Mr. CLARK. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him if ho has read this section ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, I have.
Mr. CLARK. Is the word " forfeiture" in it?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not.
Mr. CLARK. Then I do not understand the
necessity of a definition of forfeiture. It simply
provides that his slaves shall go free. Suppose
it provided that he should stand in the pillory?
Mr. DAVIS. If you weie to present a rose and
were not to name it, would it not be a rose still?
I suppose that a thing is a thing, whether you
give it a designation or not. I was very much im-
pressed with the objections of the Senator from
Illinois, but I do not propose to go into that ques?
tion. I plant myself upon this ground: that Con-
gress has no power to emancipate a slave under
the pretense of forfeiture orof punishtnga traitor,
or under any other pretense whatever; that the
act of emancipating a slave in a State is not within
the powers of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. There the Senator and I entirely
disagree. lie says Congress has no power to do
it. I assert the power of Congress to do it; but
this section does not attempt to forfeit a slave. It
sets him free. It declares, as a punishment of
the master's offense, that the slave shall go free,
and that the owner shall not hold him. That, I
think, we have a right to do.
Mr. DAV1S; I think not.
Mr. CLARK. I simply desire to express to
the Senate the conviction that we had better pre-
serve the section as it is, without an amendment,
retaining the features of the section punishing by
death or imprisonment and fine; for it was care-
fully drawn and considered by the committee.
Mr. WADE. I do not like to be very critical
about these bills; but when we come to define by
law these high crimes and misdemeanors, and pre-
scribe the punishment, we ought to be a little par-
ticular. 1 tit ink there is a strange confusion of
ideas through the first section of this bill. It is a
bill really to punish treason; that is all you can
make of it.
Mr. CLARK. It is not so.
Mr. WADE. As was well said by the Senator
from Michigan, it is not a bill that confiscates the
property of rebels in any proper sense; nor was
it the design of the framers of it to draw such a
bill.
Mr. CLARK. When the Senator's attention
is turned to other sections, he will see that he is
not quite right.
Mr. WADE. I have seen the other sections;
but this first section provides for the punishment
of treason, and it is in the alternative: first, that
a man shall be punished with death; and m the
next clause, it is by imprisonment and by fine.
I can understand that well enough; but, m my
judgment, it would have been better to adhere to
the language that is ordinarily used on such oc-
casions, and say that hn should suffer death, or
be punished by fine and imprisonment, so and so,
at the discretion of the court. I should like that
phraseology better.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to such an
amendment, if it will help the Senator at all; but
I do not think it necessary. That is the intention
of the bill.
Mr. WADE. The language which I have sug-
gested is ordinarily used, and if you do not say
who shall judge, it might possibly be contended
that the prisoner was to judge. [Laughter.] Then
when you come to the second section you have a
punishment for treason right over again, if there
is any punishment in the second section; but I do
not think it punishes the person of the traitor at
all. There is no difference between these two sec-
tions with regard to the offense which they seek
to punish.
Mr. CLARK. There may be.
Mr. WADE. There cannot be. It is impos-
sible to a legal mind that there should be any dif-
ference between the crimes that are sought to be
punished in the first and in the second sections of
this bill. You ought not to punish the same of-
fense differently in the same bill. I hardly know
what the judge may do under this bill. Under
the first section he may take the life of a man, or
he may fine and imprison him; and in the next
section there is a different punishment altogether
for the same offense. Now, let us see if it is not
so. It will not be denied that the first section
aims at the punishment of treason by name. Now,
let us see if the offense described in the second
section is not treason, whether it is so named or
not. Let us see whether you can make anything
else out of it:
That if any person shall hereafter incite, set on foot, as-
sist, or engage in any rebellion or insurrection against the.
authoiity of the United States, or the laws thereof, or shall
give aid or comfort thereto, or shall engage in or give aid
and comfort to any such existing rebellion or insuirection,
and be convicted thereof-
Convicted of what?
Mr. CLARK. Of aiding and inciting.
Mr. WADE. Very well. If you were a
pleader, charging him with the offense, you would
have to say he was guilty of treason, or else you
could not make him guilty of anything. These
facts amount to treason. Is it so that a man who
incites, puts on foot, engages in an insurrection,
is not a traitor ?
Mr. CLARK. It may be.
Mr. WADE. No, sir, it cannot be so. He is
a principal traitor. The man who aids, incites,
abets, stirs up, or in any manner assists a rebel-
lion is as much a principal traitor as he who goes
to battle with arms in his hands. There is no
difference between the first section and the second
section as to the crime which each attempts to de-
fine. Both these sections aim to punish precisely
the same thing, but with different punishments;
and it would be an anomaly in law to have such
an absurdity upon our statute-book.
Now, let us sec what the punishment prescribed
by the second section is. it is not a punishment
of the person at all. Under the first section you
may hang a traitor; you may punish him by
death, or you may imprison him and forfeit his
estate under the name of a fine; but the second sec-
tion provides that for precisely the same offense
you shall do something else, and what is that?
Such person shall he punished by the forfeiture of all his
personal property of eveiy kind whatsoever, including
cho-.c-< m action, and by the forfeiture of hb hfe-e-tatc m
nuy real pioportv of which lie may be the owner, w heicver
situated within the United States, and by the liberation of
all his slaves, if any he have, and all t>ueii property, ex-
cluding slaves, shall be forfeited to the United States.
That is the punishment for treason under the
second section. It docs not contemplate any im-
prisonment of the person; it does not contemplate
any corporeal punishment in any shape whatever;
but it is a bare forfeiture of estate. The judge,
then, would perhaps have this range, although
the punishments arc in different sections of the bill,
that he might punish the man with death, or he
might imprison him and forfeit his estate, or for
precisely the same offense he might forfeit all his
personal propcity and free his slaves, if he had
any. I think it would be the most strange and
unaccountable statute that was ever cnacted in a
criminal law. It ought all to bo done under one
head. You may give the judge the discretion, if
you please, to punish him with death and forfeit
his estate, or to imprison him; but you ought to
give that range in one section, and it ought to be
