1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
nisiiing such productions, and a population along
our ocean, gulf, bay, lake, and river coasts, ac-
customed to navigation, who does not see that
ours must, from the very necessities of our geo-
graphical position, and the conformation of our
continent, become a great commercial people?
Our products must be borne to remote nations in
our own ships, navigated by our own seamen, and
protected wherever they go by our vessels of war.
I know not with whom originated, the phrase
that the " Navy is the right arm of the public de-
fense;" but I know that a truer sentiment was
never uttered. In my conviction it will always
be in this country the most efficient and far the
least dangerous arm of the publicservice by which
to maintain the national integrity and defend the
national honor. History teaches us that every
nation that has depended upon a navy for protec-
tion has been comparatively free by the side of
those which placed their reliance upon armies. I
need not go back to antiquity to prove this. 1
point to Holland and England in modern times.
The former,while she continued to be the greatest
naval Power on earth, was the freest Government
on earth, and only began to be shorn of her lib-
erties and of her territory when she neglected to
maintain her fleets. England, the most liberal
of all Governments save our own, is in no small
degree indebted for her present position to the fact
that she maintains only a small military force in
the British islands, and relics upon her wooden
walls as a means of attack and defense. She puts
no faith in large standing armies, and will not
until her people shall be prepared to surrender
their freedom. With her garrisoned possessions
cncircling the globe, her entire military establish-
ment docs not exceed one hundred and twenty
thousand men. France, Austria, Russia,Prussia
maintain large standing armies on their soil; and
in those countries the liberty of the people is
measured by the will of the soveieign. The free-
dom they enjoy is the gratuity of emperors and
kings; the servitude they endure is enforced by
the presence of standing armies. The people of
this country can never accept the rights which
they enjoy as the gift of any being inferior to their
Creator.
I <fo not believe that anybody but the public
enemy has had anything to foarfrom the numer-
ous and well-appointed armies we have raised,
yet no one of us is prepared to say that with an
army much longer isolated fiom home scones and
home ideas, concentrated in large bodies, and
taught the duty of most implicit obedience, dan-
ger to our free institutions may not arise. No
such danger can arise from the existence of a
navy, however large, or however commanded.
Seamen arc cosmopolitans. Always employed
and generally afloat, they never become, as
armies sometimes do, as dangerous to friends in
time of peace as to enemies m time of war.
I might go on and show that, situated as all of
our large cities arc upon arms of the sea or upon
navigable rivers, the Navy might be made more
efficient in suppressing domestic insurrections, as
well as in repelling a foreign invasion, than the
Army. I might show, too, that, notwithstand-
ing what is said by professed statisticians, the
support of a navy is less expensive, in compar-
ison with the service it renders to a maritime na-
tion, than that of an army; but 1 shall not detain
the Senate by attempting to enter upon such an
exposition at this time.
As I said at the outset, Mr. President, my pur-
pose in rising to address the Senate at this time
was to call the attention of the country to the suc-
cessful operations of the western flotilla; but I
cannot refrain fiom alluding, for one moment be-
fore I close, to the successcs of our Navy else-
where in this war. The whole southwestern At-
lantic coast has been swept by the fleet of the
gallant Du Pont, and is now effectually held by
both an inside and outside blockade. The enemy
have been driven from the waters of North Car-
olina by Goldsborough, their whole navy in that
quarter destroyed, and their coast towns occupied.
Such progress has been made m the Gulf of Mex-
ico, that 1 venture to predict that in a few days at
furthest intelligence will reach us that the forts at
the mouth of the Mississippi river have been cap-
tured, and that Farragut and Porter are now or
soon will be in possession of New Orleans. But
the startling events that have recently occurred m
Hampton Roads attract, as they ought, the atten-
tion of all. It would be well for us to reflect upon
what those events have clearly demonstrated.
They arc—first, that in modern naval warfare,
wooden sailing vessels of war are perfectly harm-
less and helpless; second, that the strongest stone
fortifications can be no obstruction to the entrance
of iron-clad vessels of war into any of our harbors,
and that one or two such vessels, unopposed by
vessels of a similar character, can hold any com-
mercial city on thecontinent at their mercy; third,
that we can now commence the creation of a proper
navy upon a footing of comparative equality with
all of the naval Powers of trie world.
Mr. President, no man sympathizes with the
relatives and friends of the gallant dead who per-
ished on the Congress and Cumberland more
deeply than I do. Perhaps, however, their loss
was necessary to teach us our true path of duty
to the country. Let us not suffer more valuable
lives to be periled upon such woithless vessels;
and while we deplore the loss of so many brave
men, let us rejoice that so many more are left to
the service who are willing to do and die for their
country. Especially let us give thanks for the
brilliant example of coinage, seamanship, and pa-
triotism furnished to the country and to the world
by that matchless officer, Lieutenant John L.
Worden, and the officers and men under his com-
mand on board the Monitor. In that unexampled
engagement of Sunday last, after a terribly suffo-
cating and dangerous passage from New York,
without having slept, with an undrilled crew and
handling an untried experiment, Lieutenant Wor-
den and his crew performed prodigies of skill and
valor that will render all on board the Monitor
immortal. They will be immottal not for their
valor alone. Who shall undertake to estimate
the influence that battle will exert upon all of the
maritime Powers of the earth ? Who shall under-
take to tell the number of homes to which the
news of its successful result carried quiet on that
eventful evening, which had been for hours dis-
turbed by the most distracting fears? Is it too
much to say that it rescued our commerce and
our commercial cities from ravage, and in one
hour completely revolutionized all systems of
naval architecture and naval warfare ? Captain
Ericsson, too, may well be proud of the place his
name will henceforth occupy in the history of
nautical science, and we may well be proud that
the country of our birth is the country of his adop-
tion.
But, Mr. President, while I would thus honor
the gallant living, I would bear my tribute of
affectionate respect for the memory of the heroic
dead who fell in the engagement in llampton
Roads. Let the remembrance of ihatbrave young
officer, whose obsequies are now being perfoimecl
in another part of this city, who, when his vessel
was sinking beneath his feet, replied to a sum-
mons to surrender, that he would never give up
the flag intrusted to his keeping, and the next
moment met death with composure, be cherished
by his countrymen. The name of Smith, already
illustrious in the annals of the American Navy,
will be added to the bright galaxy of those who
have freely laid down their lives at the call of their
eou ntiy.
Mr. President, the nation has cause to be proud
of the Navy; let it be honored and maintained.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed unanimously.
THANKS TO LIEUTENANT WORDEN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust-that the other joint
resolution, which was also made a special order
for this morning, will be acted on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
bo adopted, it' there be no objection.
The joint resolution (S. No. 66) expressive
of the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant J. L.
Worden, of the United States Navy, and to the
officers and men under his command, in the Mon-
itor, wasconsidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Be it resolved, <$ c , That tin; thanks of Cou^ru^s. and of the
American people rm> due,anil nteherobytenderedjtoLieu-
tenant J. L. Wot dun. ol the United Stato Navy, and to
the officer*: ami men of the mm elad gunboat Monitor,
under his command; foi the skill and gallantry exhibited by
them in tlv late lemaikable battle between the Monitor
and the rebel iion-eiad steamer Meirimac.
Sec. "2. Jlnd he it fuither -tesolvcd, Thar {he Ft evident of
the United .Slates be lequestod to cause this le&oiutiunto
be communicated to Lieutenant Woiden, and through him
to the officers and men under his command.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator who
introduced the resolution whether it should not be
amended. We can offer the thanks of Congress,
but not of the American people.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in the ordinary form.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed it was not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in precisely the same
form as the resolution which has just passed in
regard to Commodore Foote.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time,and
passed unanimously.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 355) to amend an
act entitled " An act to further promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy," approved December 21,
3861; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 80) to amend i( An act to incor-
porate the Columbian Institution for the Instruc-
tion of the Deafand Dumb and the Blind," and to
make appropriation for the benefit thereof;
A bill (S. No. 150) for a joint commission for
the preservation of the Atlantic fisheries;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June,' 1863, and additional appropriations for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. No. 54) to amend an act
entitled " An act to carry into effect conventions
between the United States and the republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica;" and
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) providing for the
custody of the letter and gifts of the King of Siam.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. POWELL.
Mr. DAVIS. I now renew my motion to take
up the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
in the ease of my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yield the floor.
The Senator from New Hampshire is entitled to
the floor on the special order.
Mr. DAVIS. With his permission, I should
like to have this case disposed of to-day. I think
we can get through with it to-day.
Mr. HALE. I am at the pleasure of the Sen-
ate. It is very little that I have to say, and I do
not care when I say it. If it is the pleasure of
the Senate to take up the other subject, I shall
yield.
Mr. DAVIS. My Legislature, as I stated, are
in session, and wish to adjourn in the early part
of next week, and I should like to have the case
disposed of before they adjourn. If it were not
for that, I should not press it now.
Mr. HALE. Weil, sir, I give way for the
motion. Let the sense of the Senate be taken
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of considering the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary relative to the seat of his
colleague.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Carlilo, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, Fcsacndcn, Foot, Fo^tei, I]aiii*<, Howe, Kennedy,
King, Lane oflndiana, Latham, Necnntli, Pearce, Powell,
Rice,' Sauhbury, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willey,
and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Dixon,
Grimes, Hale, Hailan, Hairis, Henderson, Howard, Lane
of Kansas, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Wade,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—16.
So the motion to postpone the special order was
agreed to; and the Senate proceeded to consider
the resolution submitted by Mr. Wilkinson on
the 20th of February last, upon which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary had reported adversely.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate reverse
