1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
I*
the report of the committee and pass the resolu-
tion as it was proposed by the Senator from Min-
nesota.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senator
from Kentucky, as a question of order, that the
original resolution, although accompanied with an
opinion of the committee thatitoughtnottopass,
is before the Senate; and the question is on the
passage of the original resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I thank the Chair* I shall ad-
dress the Senate then in support of the original
lesolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will be read before the Senator proceeds.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas Lazarus W. Powell, a Senator fiom the State
of Kentucky, aitereleven States had published their ordin-
ances of secession, by which to sever themselves lrom the
Government of the United States, had formed acont'edeia-
tion and piovi&ional government, ;md made war upon the
United States, did, on the2hthdnv of June la-t. at the city of
Henderson, in the State of Kentucky, attend a htryesouth-
ern Slate lights convention, ovei winch tie was called to
and did pie-ide ; and, on taking Ins «?eat as picMdmitthei e-
of, made a speech, in which he stated the object of said
convention,and then appointed a committee, which re-
potted to ?a id convention a long ?>eries of resolutions that
weie unanimously adopted by it. Among those resolutions
arc the following:
"2. That the wai being now waged by the Federal Ad-
ministration against the s-outhnn States is in violation ol
the Con>titution and laws, and lias> already been attended
with such stupendous u<uipations a-i to amaze the woild,
and endanger every walegnaid ot constitutional liberty."
"That the recall of the invading armic>, and the recog-
nition of the sepaiate independence of the contedeiate
States, b the Hue policy to icstoie peacc ami pteserve the
lelations ofi'ratemal love and amity between the State?.''
"SG. That we iieaitilv nppiove the refusal of Governor
Magoffin to furnish Kentucky troops to subjugate the South;
and we cotdially indoise hi, iccent ptoclamation defining
the position of Kentucky, in accordance wuh the sentiment
of her people, and forbidding the invasion of Kentucky by
Federal or confedeiate noops.
"7. That although Kentucky has detoimined that her
propel position at present is that otVtrict neutrality between
the belligeient f-ectioii'*, >et, it either ot them invade hei
soil against her will, she ought to resent and repel it by
necessary fen cc
The pith of Governor MagotYin'.s proclamation, which
that convention so cordially appioved, is embodied in this
pamgiaph:
"1hereby notify and warn all other State*, sepaiate or
united, espeeiiliy the United and confederate States, that
1 solemnly foibid any movement upon Kentucky f-oil, or
occupation of any pait or place thetcm, lor any put pose
whatever, until authonzed by invitation or peimi^mn of
the legislative and executive authotiues. I e-peei.iif) foi-
bid all citizen^ ot Kentucky, whethei m the State guard or
othetwi-e, from making any ho-tile demonstiation against
any of the afoie:>aid .sovereignties; to bo obedient to the
oiders of the lawful auihontiesj to itmain quietly and
peaceably at homo when oJF ot mthtatv duty, and lefiain
1'ioin all words and acts likely to piovoke a collision, and
t-o othei wif>e to conduct themselves that the deplot.ihle ea-
lanutj of invasion may be iueited; but, in the mean tune,
to make piompt and etficient piep iration to assume the
paramount and *upieine law of selt-deteiw>, and strictly ot
.self-detetoe alone.'5
The closing speech of this convention was made by Sen-
atoi PoWFLL. am! the ievolutions passed by it, and a "tun-
maiy statement of its pioceedtngs, weie signed by him av
it* ptesident.
On the 10th of September last, while the Legislature of
Kentucky waMn session m the town ot Frankton. and after
her tei utorv iiad been invaded at two distant points by the
conledeiate annies, and while Humphrey Marshall \va>
employed in organizing and diilling an armed body ot rebels
in the contiguous county of Owen, a large southern State
lights convention assembled and held its afsMons m Fiank-
1'oit, for the apparentpmpose of oveiawmgtheLegi^latUie,
controlling its dchbeiatioiis, and deteiring it ftom passing
measures to support the Union and the Government of the
United States. Lazarus W.Powell was a delegate to
that convention fiom the county ot Henderson, and was
appointed on us commutes ot lesolutions. Among other
l evolutions, that committee leported thc>e:
<c Resolved, That eveiy mateital interest of Kentucky, as
well as the highest dictates ot patnoti«m, demand that
peace should be maintained within her border?., and this
convention solemn!} pledges the honor of its members to
do all in then power to piomote this- end.
4<2. That it is the deliberate scn-eof this convention and
it is believed of an ovei whelming majority ol the people of
Kentucky, that the be-t and peihaps the only mode of ef-
lecting this great object is by adhcung strictly, rigidly, and
impartially to hei chosen and oft-declated position ot neu-
trality during the existence ot the deplorable wai now raging
between the" sections; taking sides m ither with the Gov-
ernment nor with the seceding States, and declaring her
soil must be preserved inviolate fiom the armed occupation
of eilhei."
'•9. That we consider it incompatible with the neu-
trality avowed by Kentucky to vote money foi theptose-
cution of the civil war, or to tax the people of the State, or
augment its debt for a put pose so unwise, and lor a cau^e
so hopeless as the miiitaiy subjugation of the conlederatc
State.--/'
This was a convention of most intense secessionists, and
was attended by John C. Bieckmndge and many of the
leaders of that paity from geneially over the State. Wil-
liam Prc-toii and !i. W. Wo<;Jey, E*qs., made f,pcecfies
to it fraught with the lankovt ticnsun, and denouncing the
fiercest war against the United States, fts resolutions were
unanimously adopted, and its business closed with the fol-
lowing one offered by Senator Powell:
"Resolved, That Colonel William Preston, George W.
Johnson, Esqs., General Lucius Desha, Captain Richard
Ilawes, and Thomas P. Porter, Esq., be, and they are
hereby, appointed a committee of organization, in order to
carry out the purposes of this convention ; and full powers
are conferred upon them for that object."
Those men were thus commissioned in the cause of con-
spiracy, treason, and rebellion. By the warrant given them,
«n the motion of Senator Powell, they went forth and
oiganized, or advised and assisted in the organization of
armed bands of traitors, and soon theieafter Jed them into
the confederate camp5*, where they are yet struggling to
consummate the disruption of the Union and the overthrow
of the Constitution and laws of the United States. From
the beginning of this gieat lebellion to the present time
Senator Powell has neither done nor said anything in Con-
gress or out of Congress to strengthen or sustain the United
States m this mighty struggle*fo'r national life. While the
tittc and loyal men of his own State were engaged in an
arduous and protracted struggle to bring her to perform her
duty to the nation and its Government, he not only withheld
from them all assistance and sympathy, but gave to the reb-
els the moral force of his disloyal position and opinions, and
all the aid and comfort which he could render them short of
the commission of technical treason. His purposes, if not
his act?-, have been treasonable. Being an ex-Governor of
the State of Kentucky, and one of her Senators in Congress,
hi* example and counsel have doubtless been potential with
her people and ol mischievous tendency in other States.
Under the false and delusive cry of neutrality and peace, and
the absuid puipose to protect the soil of the State against
invasion from the military force of the United States, he has
doubtless assisted to seduce hundreds and hundieds from
loyalty and duty into lebellion and treason. He has not
supported the Constitution of the United States, but he has
sounded the charge tolus iecruits,and they have made the
overt attack upon it: Wherefore,
Be it resolved, That the said Lazarus W. Powell be,
and he is hereby, expelled from the Senate,
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in this matter I
am in the performance of what I conceive to be a
high duty. I am acting in obedience to the in-
structions, or, at least, to the request, of the Le-
gislature of my own State, and in conformity to
my own judgment in relation to the merits of the
proposition. In November last, the Kentucky
Legislutuie, being in session, passed this joint
resolution:
" Whereas, John 0. Breckimidge and L. W. Powell do
notrepiesentthe will of the people of Kentucky: Therefoie,
li Resolved, by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That they be mstiueted to ie&ign their *eats in
the Senate of the United States.'1
I admit that tiie Constitution imposes no obli-
gation upon my colleague to act in obedience to
that resolution. I concede that it is a point upon
which his own judgment and his own sense of pro-
priety alone authorize him to act. But I know that
my colleague, m his whole course in relation to this
war and all of its policy, has misrepresented the
known and cleaily-expressed will of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kentucky, and of the entire
Union party of that State, constituting at least two
thirds of it. The Legislature of Kentucky and
the people of Kentucky desire that my colleague's
place in this body should be vacated, and thatsome
other gentleman, representing their principles and
their will on the subjects and in relation to the
points in winch my colleague differs from his con-
stituency, should 6e sent here. They desire itfor
many reasons, and I will name only one or two
of them. In the first piacc, they regard the mat-
ters upon which my colleague has acted in differ-
ence from their will and their opinions as matters
of the most vital and momentous interest to the
people of the United States and to the State of
Kentucky also. They desire that their principles
and their will in relation to those important sub-
jects should be correctly and faithfully reflected
and acted out in this body. They expected, as a
mattci of moral right and of moral propriety, that
my colleague would resign his office here when he
found himself m total diiFcreuee and dissent from
the Legislature of his State and from the Union
party of the State, constituting at least two thirds
of the people of the State, in relation to these im-
portant matters. If he chose not voluntarily and
of his own will to take that course of action, they
desired thatthe Senate of the United States should
expel him from his office, that they might send a
man here who would correctly represent them.
They desire that I, a membei of the Senate from
that State, coming here as the chosen representa-
tive of the Union party of the State, should do all
that I could in the line of my duty for the purpose
of vacating the seat of my colleague, that they
might have an opportunity of sending some indi-
vidual whom they preferred to be their represent-
ative to him.
The course and principles of my colleague aic
as well known in the State of Kentucky as in this
body to all the reading and intelligent men of that
State. They were as well known to me before-!
left the State of Kentucky to come to this city to
take my seat as a representative in the Senate from
that State as they are at this day. With this full,
knowledge upon the part of my constituency and
of myself, they have no more united or-earnest
desire than that my colleague should be removed
from his scat. I came hero with as deep arid
thorough a conviction that my colleague was an
improper person to represent the people of the'
State of Kentucky on the floor of the Senate as
I ever had of any proposition; and I came here
with as decided and unalterable a purpose to do
everything that my duty and my honor would
enable me to perform for the purpose of vacating
his scat, as I ever had any purpose in the course
of my life.
Mr. President, the office of Senator of the United
States is a most exalted position. There are few
stations of honor or of responsibility in the world
that are equal to that of a Senator of the United
States. With the exception of the President and
the members of the Supreme Court, there are prob-
ably none in the General Government, or in the
State Governments that in dignity, in power, and
in responsibility equal it. A Senator represents
so much of the sovereignty of the States as the
Constitution of the United States has permitted to
remain to the States. The Senate is the peculiar
and the only proper representative of the sove-
reignty of the States in this complex system of
government. Whenever a Senator presents him-
self here and asks to be sworn in and to take his
seat as a Senator, he takes the oath to support
the Constitution of the United States. Is that oath
a matter of substance? Docs it mean any tiling?
Has it any moral force or power ? Or is it a mere
empty form, utteily meaningless? I hold that it
is one of the highest sanctions that can be given
by a Senator of his obligation and of his purpose
to uphold the Constitution, and to do what he can
do in his official capacity to support and to sus-
tain the Government of the United States. ASen-
ator that is totally derelict m that obligation to
his Government, in my judgment is wholly unlit
to fill the place, and whenever the facts in relation
to his case cau be made manifest, so as to prove
that that is his position, it seems to me then that
it is the bounden and high duty of the Senate to
expel him from his seat.
Mr. President, how can a Senator of the Uni-
ted States support the Constitution? Every Sen-
ator has two characters, his individual and his
official character. This oath is addressed to both,
to his individual and to his official character; he
is not only as a Senator but as a citizen and as a
private man to support the Constitution of the
United States. How is he to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, as an officer, as a mem-
ber of the Senate? In a time of danger and of peril
like the present, when the existence of the Govern-
ment itself is threatened with overthrow, and has
been most seriously threatened with overthrow,
how is the Constitution of the United States and
how is the Government of the United States to be
supported by Senators? In no other mode than
by voting for the laws necessary to uphold both,
by voting for appropriations of men and money
necessary to repel the attacks that have been,by
treason and rebellion, made upon both. Let us
inquire, Mr. President, how far my colleague has
performed this duty and in how far he has failed.
Gentlemen from the free States have had a
smooth sea. It has been an easy matter for them
to preserve their loyalty and to adhere to the Gov-
ernment and to give it the necessary support of
loyal citizens and ot* faithful Senators. In the bor-
der slave States, where there was a large secession
and treasonable party, the case has been greatly
different; and for the purpose of presenting that
difference to the Senate, I will read a short ex-
tract from a newspaper in Kentucky, that em-
bodies it in a few words:
From the Frankfort Commonwealth.
"If any one ever doubted the wisdom of the part pursued
by those who have -haped the policy ot Kentucky in this
civil war, recent events mibt convince them that it was the
only comse that wa< consistent with patriotism and the pub-
lic .-afety. No one outride the State can understand the
difficulties that had to he encountered by tho^e who have
kept the Commonwealth in her place in the Union. The
election*, pieceding the rebellion had gone in tavorof men
under the influence of southern sympathies The Execu-
tive had been elected by a huge majoiHy ovei his conserva-
