1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
for the same thing. The absurdity is that you
undertake to make two different offenses out of
one and precisely the same thing, and to affix dif-
ferent punishments for that which is the same. I
do not think that a bill so vague, so indefinite, and
with such a confusion of ideas running through
it, ought to be permitted to go upon the statute-
book.
Mr. CLARK. I think that when the Senator
considers the bill a little further, he will come to a
different conclusion in regard to it. The first sec-
tion imposes a punishment for the crime of trea-
son. The crime is well defined. The section itself
does not attempt to define it; but leaves it as it has
been defined in the Constitution. The crime of
treason is to be punished, according to the first
section of this bill, by death, or by fine and im-
prisonment, and it requires two witnesses to the
same overt act to convict a man. The second sec-
tion prescribes a new offense; it is inciting, set-
ting on foot, or engaging in rebellion or insurrec-
tion against the United States 
Mr. WADE. That is treason.
Mr. CLARK. It may be treason or it may not
be treason. If the rebellion amounted to levying
war, it would then become treason, but if not, it
would not. Now, the same distinction is pre-
served in the law in regard to murder and to man-
slaughter. You may indict a man for murder,
and if the facts brought out warrant a conviction
you may punish him for murder. You may in-
dict him for manslaughter, and if the facts show
that the crime was murder you cannot convict
him of murder because he is not charged with it.
So here, if the attorney thinks the offense does
not amount to more than inciting or setting on
foot rebellion, he would charge lum in the indict-
ment with doing that thing, but not charge him
with treason, and then, if the facts shoul#comc up
to the charge, he would only be punished under
this section. If the Senator desiius that there
should be some corporeal punishment under this
section, as imprisonment, I have no objection to
such an amendment; but the Senator, I think,
wili see on consideration that there is a clear dis-
tinction. You may convict the offender under the
second section by-one witness, because it does
not amount to death. There may be cases wheie
you cannot find more than one witness to the same
overt act, where the man was clearly engaged in
rebellion. You may convict him of the offense
under the second section when you could not con-
vict him of treason. Does not the Senator see
that there is a clear distinction ? For instance, in
a case of burglary, breaking, and entering, and
stealing; you canconvictofthe stealing and charge
the stealing when you abandon the burglarious
intention. So here, we design that you may con-
vict a man of being engaged 111 the rebellion when
you abandon the charge of treason, if the facts do
not amount to that in your opinion, so that the
man shall be fined. The committee adopted this
section for the purpose of bringing these men to
trial, not simply for avoiding the distinction sug-
gested by the Senator from New Jersey in re-
gard to the decision of Judge Swayne, because on
looking at that I am inclined to agree with the
Senator from Ohio in regard to it. But there may
be an insurrection and rebellion that does not
amount to levying war, and there may be aiding
it which does not amount to levying war.
Mr. PIOWARD. I beg to make a single in-
quiry of my friend from New Hampshire, if he
has no objection.
Mr. CLARK. Not the least.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire, now that he has the
floor, that he will give us his ideas upon this point
arising under the sccond section of the bill,
whether, in his apprehension, it creates more than
one offense; and i wish him to have the goodness
to explain the distinction between the various of-
fenses therein created, if there are various offenses.
It may have some importance in the course of the
discussion.
Mr. CLARK. I do not apprehend that it cre-
ates more than one offense.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr CLARK. We did notintend thatitshould ;
create more than one offense, and all to be pun- i
ished alike. I
Mr. HOWARD. Then 1 understand the Sen- !
atarfrom New Hampshire sets up no distinction j
between inciting a rebellion or insurrection, set- j
tmg on foot a rebellion or insurrection, assisting i
in a rebellion or insurrection, or engaging in a re-
bellion or insurrection. He regards all these acts
as constituting one and the same offense. Do I
understand him correctly?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. We did not mean
to multiply the offenses; but to give a description
broad enough to bring the offender to trial. That
was the design of the committee, that we should
have a way of punishing this offense, and the
committee only designed to make the bill effective
in that particular.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am a little
surprised at, and it is with some regret that I ob-
serve, the manifest hostility of some of the avowed
friends of a strong, efficient confiscation bill, to
the provisions of the first section of this bill. It
may not contain all that those Senators desire;
yet, as it tends to accomplish their object, it seems
to me that it would be better for them to allow it
to pass, as, if not the best thing they can get,
better than nothing.
It does not seem to me that these two sections,
the first and second, are obnoxious to the criti-
cisms which have been made upon them. The
first section, as has been said by the chairman of
the committee that reported the bill, provides for
the pumshmentof treason—a crime defined by the
Constitution. I concur entirely in the views ex-
pressed by the Senator from Kentucky on this
point. As the law now stands, any person con-
victed of treason must be executed. Look at the
case we have before us. Thousands, tens, hun-
dreds of thousands of men, perhaps, have been
guilty of that offense. Is it to be contemplated
for a moment that all these men are to be indicted
for treason and to be executed? No man in his
senses can tolerate the idea. Some of them must
be; some of them should be; but no man expects
that ten thousand or a hundred thousand of these
men will be indicted and executed; and yet we
are, as the law now stands, shut up to that single
punishment. I agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, every man that has had much experience
in criminal law knows that the great difficulty in
punishing crime is, that the punishment is so
severe that jurors will not do their duty.
This section, in my judgment, furnishes a ju-
dicious latitude for a court in inflicting the punish-
ment of treason. Let a man be convicted of trea-
son, and it will be then for the court in its sober
judgment to decide what is the grade of his offense;
has he been a leader; has he been one that has
nourished, that has himself incited and led on this
rebellion; is he one of its authors, one of its pro-
moteis; has he been for years engaged in prepar-
ing the mind of the southern people for it? If he
has, let him be executed. Let there be a few sig-
nal, emphatic, striking examples of that kind; but
who expccts that all the traitors of the South shall
be executed? This section, very wisely, in my
judgment, provides for a class of traitors, those
who will be convicted of treason, but will not be
executed. What shall be done with them ? The
bill provides that they may be imprisoned for life
or for any number of yeais not less than five, and
that they may be fined to anyextent,to the amount
of any estate which they may possess, $100,000,
§1,000,000, not less than $10,000 That fine be-
comes a judgment. No lawyer will doubt—not
even the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
for I do not think he was entirely sincere in his
criticism upon that—that the fine becomes a judg-
ment and may be collected like any other judgment,
a judgment for a note, for instance, out of the es-
tate of the individual convicted. We have, then,
all the grades of punishment from death down to
imprisonment for five yeais and a fine or judgment
in favor of the Government for not less than
§10,000, and as much more as you please, and as
much longer imprisonment as the court shall see
fit to inflict.
So much for the first section. Itgives this flexi-
bility, this latitude to the power of the court to
punish for the ciime. As in the case that was put
by the chairman of the committee that reported
the bill, the Senator from New Hampshire, a man
is indicted for burglary; he has broken open a
house; he may be convicted for stealing, and thus
receive a milder punishment, and he may not be
convicted of the burglary. There are degrees of
punishment. Now, in respect to the second sec-
tion, that provides for a different kind of offense,
if the provision of this second section amounts to
treason, the person accused will be convicted of
treason. Any skillful prosecutor, any prosecutor
who is fit to discharge the duties of a prosecutor,
will indict under both sections, just'as you indict,
a man for murder, and put a second count in the
indictment for manslaughter. The indictment-will
be under both sections. There will be'one count
for treason, and there will be another count in thte
very language of the second section for the offense
prescribed by that section, which would nothave
existed but for the section—a statutory offense.
Whoever frames the indictment, and islfit to hold
the office of public prosecutor, will frame hig in-
dictment in that way. Then, if the individual has
been guilty of treason, he will be convicted under
the first section; but if the court should find any
difficulty in making out upon the facts of the case,
as they shall be proved before the jury, that it was
treason, and it shall appear that it was something
else, inciting rebellion or insurrection against the
Government, the court, of course, would instruct
the jury to convict under the second section of
that offense—a grievous offense to be sure, a very
grave offense, but not an offense thatamounted tp
treason under the Constitution. . !
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from New York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask whether the acts made
criminal by the second section are not treason
under the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. HARRIS. I am not prepared to say that
they may not be, and I am not prepared to say
that they are. I have not examined the decision
of Judge Swayne; but if the views suggested by
the Senator from New Jersey be correct, they
might not amount to treason. At all events, there
is no harm in making this provision so that if the
court shall hold that the conduct of a man brought
in question upon an indictment for treason does
not amount to treason, he shall not therefore be
acquitted. You may provide a milder punish-
ment for an offense that the court do not deem to
amount to treason, and thus you may punish the
guilty individual, while he is at the same time ac-
quitted of the crime of treason. There is no dif-
ficulty in the matter.
Now, as has been said, if this offense of inciting
rebellion, engaging in rebellion, stirring up insur-
rection, aiding and abetting insurrection, should
not amount to tieason, then the individual may
be punished by forfeiting his estate. I would
prefer forfeiting his whole estate, real and per-
sonal, but this section provides, in indulgence to-
wards the scruples of some Senators, who think
that nothing more than a life estate in realty
should be taken, that you may forfeit his life
estate. I should prefer to strike out that limita-
tion; but I yielded my opinion with a view to har-
monize. If the Senators think this is not pun-
ishment enough for this offense, an offense which
may not be deemed to amount to treason, but
which is of sufficient gravity to indict the indi-
vidual and bring him to trial and punish him—
if the forfeiture of his estate is not enough—the
section may easily be amended by providing that
the individual shall suffer imprisonment also. For.
myself, I think the section is very well as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lane, of
Indiana, in the t;hair.) The question is on the
amendment submitted by the Senator from Ken-
tucky to the first section of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.-CLARK. The effect of this amendment
mainly is to strike out the provision in regard to
liberating slaves. It limits the imprisonment to
twenty years, but the main effect is to strike out
the provision m regard to slaves, which 1 hope
will not be done.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Davis, McDousajl, Pcarce, Powell,
Saulsbtiry, Stark, and Wilson of Missouri—7.
NAYS—Mossis. Antbonv, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Di.\<>n,Doolittle.Fe^enden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes Ilnrri?, Henderson, Howaid, Howe, King,
Lane of'Iniliana, Lane of Kansa-, Morrill, Pomcroy. Slier-
man, Simmons, Sumnei, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Willey, Wilmoi,Wilson ofMasbaeliu-eibj and Wnglu—31.
So the amendment was rejected; and the ques-
tion recurred on the motion of Mr. Trumbull to
strike out the fust section of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the vote upon this
question settles,in myjudgment, the construction
