2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
of the Constitution, so far as the Seriate can settle
it, as to the powerofCongress, in punishing trea-
son, to take the real estate of the traitor from the
heirs, I desire to have the yeas and nays upon it.
This section proposes a fine of not less than
$10,000. Of course that would take the real estate
of most traitors, as altogether the largest number
of persons engaged in this rebellion, or who are
engaged in treasonable practices, doubtless are
worth less than $10,000; and as this involves that
question, I desire to have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection to
having the yeas and nays taken upon the amend-
ment, but I must protest to my friend that I do
riot see that that question is involved in it at all.
Mr. CLARK. He cannot conclude the rest
of us.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Illinois what he proposes to sub-
stitute if the section be stricken out?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to sub-
stitute anything for this section. I am satisfied
with the punishment for treason as it is. If an
individual should be convicted of treason against
this Government I would execute him. That is
the disposition I would make of him. I do not
believe that this is the time to mitigate the pun-
ishment for treason; but I propose an ^efficient
measure to confiscate the property of men who
are engaged in fighting this Government, whether
they are convicted of treason or not. I have no
sympathy for a convicted traitor. My friend from
Wisconsin can see that this section is perfectly
constitutional. I am glad that he can; I shall be
entirely satisfied if the whole Senate sec it so; but
if under a conviction for treason you can take the
real estate of the convicted traitor and sell it for a
fine, I want to know whether that is not a perfect
evasion of the Constitution, if the Constitution
means that you cannot, on an attainder or convic-
tion of treason, take the property except for life?
While I am for striking this out the Senator from
Kansas must not understand that I am opposed
to taking the property of traitors.
Mr. LANL, of Kansas. Do you propose to
introduco anything?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall certainly propose
an amendment, if nobody else does, before this
bill is through, that will reach the property of
traitors who are not convicted of treason, of all
the men who arc engaged in rebcllionagainst this
Government and who shall continue to fight and
war upon it. I cannot understand how it is that
there is this delicacy about touching the property
of rebels engaged in attempts to destroy the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOWARD. The motion now before the
Senate, I believe, is to strike out the first section
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote for the motion;
but I do not propose now to go into an inquiry as
to the constitutionality of the latter partof the sec-
tion, although I entertain rather a strong convic-
tion that it is a mere attempt to evade the plain
language of the Constitution, and to do that indi-
rectly which cannot he done directly under the
Constitution, for the Constitution declares plainly
enough that no attainder of treasofi shall work cor-
ruption of blood or forfeiture except during the
life of the offender. I look upon tins as a cun-
ningly devised scheme toevadc that plain mandate
of the Constitution, and to do it under the forms
of judicial proceeding, for this whole bill is con-
fined to the proceedings of a court of justice, and
has no relation whatever—at least this section
and the following section have no relation what-
ever—to the prosecution of the war in which we
are engaged. I greatly doubt whether Congress
have power thus to seize upon a man's real estate
and sell it under an execution in satisfaction of a
fine under a conviction of treason. Under a con-
viction for any other crime, certainly, they would
have that power, but I hardly think they have it
under a conviction of treason. But that is not my
principal objection to this section. My principal
objection to it is that it is entirely too tame; that
it does not meet the occasion; that it proposes to
let go without the taking of life of men who arc
guilty of the highest possible crime that a human
being can commit—treason against the Govern-
ment under whose protection he lives. I think
that a man who deliberately commits treason
against his Government, especially such a Gov-
ernment as that under which wc live, has justly
forfeited his life, and that he ought to lose it, and
that it is mere tameness to speak of mercy towards
that class of persons; I mean such as have delib-
erately committed the crime of treason. I think
the punishment is already sufficiently mild, and I
shall therefore vote to strike out this section en-
tirely.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senator from Illinois that I favor the bill intro-
duced by the Judiciary Committee. I should be
glad to vote for it; but rather than have no con-
fiscation bill, I prefer to take this, and I therefore
do not desire to mutilate it. It seems to me the
better way would be to test the sense of the Sen-
ate by offering the bill proposed by the Judiciary
Committee as a substitute for this bill, and let us
see how the Senate stands upon that question. I
am prepared to meet the question, to vote upon
it, and I should be glad to do so, but I do not wish
to mutilate this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I seem not to be un-
derstood fully by the Senator from Kansas, I will
state that I am for an efficient confiscation bill, as
he knows. Of course I shall be for any bill that
accomplishes, as I think, anything in that direc-
tion; but I want to make it as perfect as 1 can. If
I cannot get such a bill as I would like, I will
come as near it as lean. I do not propose to vote
Against amendments to this bill. I want to per-
fect this, and make it better. I fear that I cannot
get just such a confiscation bill as I want. This
is not a confiscation bill at all. The first section
is a mere mitigation of the punishment of treason,
and it is a mitigation of the punishment of treason
by imposing line and imprisonment in away that
I am inclined to think is unconstitutional. When
you go into the courts with the traitor, my im-
pression, and I may almost say my conviction, is,
that the Constitution of the United States has in-
hibited and intended to inhibit the taking of the
estate of the traitor beyond life, and I do not think
you can by indirection, by calling it a fine, take
it when you cannot directly do it. But 1 shall be
very well satisfied if the Senate decides differently
and establishes the principle that you may, oven
on a conviction for treason, take the real estate.
Now, I do not propose to put this rebellion down
by the courts. I think there is no more trouble
in taking the real estate of a rebel than there is in
taking his life; and 1 would just as soon think of
impannehng a jury when our armies met to know
whether we should kill thecncmy that was shoot-
ing upon us, as of impanneling a jury to know
whether we can take his real estate. It is for
these reasons that 1 propose to strike out the first
section of this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desirfe to say to my
friend from Illinois that he is scattering his forces
by the motion he makes. I am not satisfied but
that there is a clear majority of the body in favor
of the position that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary took originally. I hope there is. The select
committee that we have appointed have produced
this bill as a whole, and if wc cannot get the ori-
ginal bill as introduced by the Committee on the
Judiciary, I want to take this bill as a whole.
Now, the Senator from Illinois votes one way on
this motion and I vole another, and lie scatters
and wastes his strength, when, by proposing his
bill at once as a substitute, wc can test this ques-
tion.
Mr. WADE. As I am called upon to vote on
this motion to strike out the first section of the
bill, it becomes necessary that I should state the
reasons why I disagier somewhat with my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] I have never
agreed with the construction he has put on the
constitutional limitation of forfeiture. I am not
going into that question at length, but I do not \
believe that the constitutional prohibition was m- !
tended to deptive the Government of the right of j
forfeiting all the estate that a man had, both real
and personal, for the crime of treason. It is a
very strict and literal interpretation that restricts
it. I think such a construction leads to absurdities
enough to show that the framers of the Constitu-
tion never intended any such consequences. I -
believe the language of the Constitution is, that
conviction of treason shall work no corruption of
j blood or forfeiture of estate beyond the life of the
individual convicted. 1 do not suppose it was in-
tended by the framers of the Constitution to de-
prive Congress of the power of forfeiting all the
estate that a man had. All the estate that a man
may himself dispose of, the Government may
seize and forfeit for treason, notwithstanding this
inhibition. It was the corruption of blood that
they principally intended to guard against. By
the old common law, if a man was convicted of
treason his children, and all who had to claim an
estate through him, forfeited or lost it, because he
had no inheritable blood. His blood was cor-
rupted, and therefore the inheritance could not
pass through him to anybody else.
Mr. HOWARD. Could not pass from him or
through him.
Mr. WADE. If a man who was convicted of
treason under the common law had a large estate
which would go to his children under ordinary
circumstances, according to lineal descent, his
children could not take it because they must trace
their title through the person convicted. A man
could not inherit an estate from his grandfather if
his father had been convicted of treason; nor could
he take one from any of his collaterals, inasmuch
as he must trace the descent through this attainted
person. That was absurd, unjust; and the framers
of the Constitution intended to prevent, and did
prevent, in this country, any such absurd conse-
quence following from a conviction of treason;
but they did not intend to deprive you of the power
of forfeiting all the estate a man had that he might
convey himself, both realty and personalty. The
letter of the Constitution does notany more apply
to the forfeiture of real estate than of the personal
estate. If you stick in the bark, as Lord Coke
says—if you stick to the literal construction that
some contend for here, you could no more forfeit
personal estate than forfeit real estate. Look at
the absurdity of it. A man is convicted to-day
of treason in a court of justice, and according to
the old English custom, on Thursday next he is
to be hung. What, then, is the use of talking
about forfeiting the life estate that a convicted
felon just about to be hung has in property ?
No such absurdity was in the contemplation of
the framers of our Constitution, and that would
as well apply, as I said, to personal as to real es-
tate. Suppose it was a thiee-year old colt; the
man is hungto-morrow and the horselives twenty
years; if you cannot forfeit anything beyond his
life, it applies just as much to ahorse as to an
estate in fee in land. Why make that distinction,
then? It is an absurdity that it would be a dis-
grace to the framers of the Constitution to charge
them with, and it applies no more to the one than
the other. You can take his estate. The estate
in fee is knit together in the person of the owner,
and you can take it all. Undoubtedly at common
law the conviction did not forfeit an estate tail;
and why not? Because the statute creating the
entailment gave the interest directly over to the
issue in tail; the donee in tail, the tenant ffcr life,
had no interest whatever in the remainder, and of
course it could not be affected even at common
law by any act of his. All that the Constitution
intended in this case of treason was to deprive
Congress of the power to prevent the innocent
descendant of an attainted traitor from taking an
estate that he might have from his grandfather,
fiom his uncle, or any of his collateral relatives. *
They intended that, they intended no more. Do
you suppose they intended the absurd idea that
the estate for three or four days between the time
a traitor was convicted and hung should go to the
Government and then go to the heir? No lawyer
conceived such an idea that really thought on
the subject. You may forfeit all his estate that
he has in fee, everything that he can dispose of
himself, but it was intended that you should not
have the power to take from others an estate
coming to them through him, as in the case of a
limitation in tail. The Constitution left us full
power to affect all that he really owned, realty as
well as personalty; and as I said before, it is no
more a violation of the Constitution to forfeit his
estate in fee in lands than to forfeit his three-year
old colt. If you stick to the letter of the Consti-
tution, you may take the use of this personal
property for two or three days between the con-
viction and the hinging, and that is all you can
have. They int^ndi-d no such thing.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I intend
to say only a \<-ry few woids before the voters
taken on the pending question, to avoid any mis-
apprehension that might arise from the assertions
of gentlemen that those of us who may choose to
