1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
congressional district of Pennsylvania, between
John Kline versus John P. Verree; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the spccial com-
mittee on Government contracts, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public printing be
directed to print, fiom time to time for the use of the com-
mittee, the testimony taken by the select committee to
investigate the contiacts made with the Government.
CHAPLAINS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. FESSENDEN offered the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
diiected to inquire into the expediency of providing two
chaplains for each brigade, with the rank and pay of captain
of cavalry, to be selected by the President fiom tegumental
chaplains nowm service, with the provision that not more
than one fouith of the chaplains at any one time shall
belong to the same ecclesiastical body.
DUTIES ON T13A; COFFEE, AND SUGAR.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, a joint resolution ex-
planatory of an act entitled "An act to increase
the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar," approved
24th December, 1861.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. Let the bill go to
the Committee of the Whole, and I have no ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to its introduction ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do. I think we
have a lesson upon this matter of hasty legislation
in the last legislation upon this subject.
'The SPEAKER. Then it cannot be received
at this time.
FRANKING OF SOLDIERS* LETTERS.
Mr. SHERMAN offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Officeand Post
Roads be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of, and to report to this House, a bill authotizing
military chaplains to frank the letters and other mailable
matter of all member? of their respective regiments, or of
the employes of the Government at the military post where
such chaplain may bo stationed.
Mr. RICHARDSON objected; and the resolu-
tion went over under (he rule.
STEAM EIRE DEPARTMENT IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. DUELL introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be directed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill to this House providing for the establishment of a
steam fire department in the city of Washington, similar
to the one in opeiation in the city of Philadelphia, and of
providing a sufficient number of reservoir in different parts
of the city for the use of the b<ud fue depaitment.
BATTLE Of BALL'S BLUFF.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a question of privilege. On the second
day of the present session a resolution was adopted
by the House in relation to the battle of Ball's
Bluff. The resolution proposed no investigation
whatever. It did not require the disclosure of
any fact or circumstance which had been ascer-
tained by any investigation already had. Itsim-
ply requested the Secretary of War to inform the
H ouse whether any, and if any what, measures
had been taken to ascertain who was responsible
for a disastrous battle. It did not demand the
name of the person, nor even ask whether there
was any such person.
The resolution was referred by the Secretary
of War to the Adjutant General, and was by him
submitted to the General-in-Chief, as appears by
the report of the Adjutant General laid upon our
tables. The General-in-Chief, I am willing to be-
lieve, did not read the resolution, because I would
not impute to any one concerned an intention to
trifle with the House, or to return an evasive an-
swer. If he did read it, he entirely mistook its
point and purport. He seems to have received
the impression that the resolution proposed a fu-
ture investigation, and that of a very general char-
acter; and laboring under this misapprehension
he expressed an opinion to the Adjutant General,
upon which that officer made to the Secretary of
War a report in no sense responsive to the reso-
lution, and the Secretary,in accordance no doubt
with the practice of his office, simply transmitted
that report to us and refers us to it.
To a resolution asking simply -whether an in-
vestigation has been had upon a particular point,
the answer is that the General-in-Chief of the
Army is of opinion that an inquiry on the subject
of the resolution would at this time be injurious
to the public service. If the answer had been
that it would be injurious to the public service to
say whether any steps or proceedings had been
taken to ascertain who was at fault, the answer
might have been incredible, but still it would have
been an answer in form at least.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he must
submit the proposition which the gentleman claims
to be a question of privilege to the House, to de-
cide whether it is a question of privilege which
they will entertain, before any discussion can be
had.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was endeav-
oring to pave the way to a decision of the question
of privilege, by bringing to the House and to the
Chair the knowledge that to an appropriate reso-
lution an answer has been sent here, perhaps in-
advertently, which is wholly evasive and non-
responsive to the resolution.
The SPEAKER put to the House the question
whether they would entertain as a question of
privilege the matter stated by the gentleman from
New York, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was about to
say that if the resolution had called upon the War
Department to disclose the name of the person
culpable, and an answer had come here that it
would not be compatible with the public interest
to disclose the name, the answer might have been
preposterous, but still it would have been an an-
swer in form, and responsive. But here comes a
communication professing to he an answer, which
neither answers the interrogatory nor informs us
that in the opinion of any person it would be in-
jurious to the public service to answer it. The
reply does not indeed refer at all or relate at all to
the point of the inquiry. To a question whether
a particular thing has been done, the Adjutant
General reports that, in the opinion of the General-
in-Chief, it would be injurious to do some other
thing.
This, however inadvertent it may have been,
raises a very high question of privilege. We sit
here as the Representatives of the people; we sit
here as their only Representatives. In our or-
ganism this is the only place to which the people
can come, or in which their voices can be heard,
and among the most undeniable and sacred of their
prerogatives is the right to inquire into their own
affairs. When they do inquire they are entitled,
if not to an answer, at least to have the servant
of whom the inquiry is made say that in his opin-
ion it is ill-timed and injudicious; and until we
desert our trusts and become accomplices in tram-
pling upon popular rights, we cannot pass over
an instance like this, even in an ordinary and un-
important case. A precedent of this sort once
established, such a practice once tolerated, and
particularly from the military clement in the Gov-
ernment, and from that hour the most robust of
our instincts would languish; the most vital of our
reliances would decay. I say that in case of an
ordinary matter it is not to be endured, but that
even in common-place and trivial concerns, the
right of inquiry ought to be jealously preserved.
"But this is no ordinary matter. The resolution
relates to a great national concern; it relates to
an event which I believe to be the most atrocious
military murder ever committed in our history as
a people. It relates to a lost field; to a disastrous
and humiliating battle; to a decisive triumph of
rebellion. It relates to something more; it relates
to a blunder so gross that all men can see it—no
man lias ever dared deny or defend it—a blunder
which, besides position, besides defeat, besides
arms and munitions of war, cost us confessedly
nine hundred and thirty men, many of them the
very pride and flower of the States from which
they came.
The resolution proposed, in respect to the mem-
ory of the lost, in sympathy to the multitude of
mourners who lament them, in deference to pub-
lic propriety and self-respect, that the nation
should be assured that the military authorities
had taken some notice of this prodigal and need-
less slaughter of the sons of New York, Massa-
chusetts, and Pennsylvania; it proposed that the
nation should know that some proceeding had,
taken place, something; open or secret, formal or.
informal; if not all that military usage requires,:
then something or other, or an apology for some-
thing. _ . _
Now, sir, if there is any objection to this; if:
there is any objection to our knowing whether the*
21st of October has been passed over as a mere
ripple in the current of events, then, in the name,
of my people, I demand that those whose business-
it is to answer should stand up and stand out and
say so. With that view I have prepared a reso-
lution which I propose to submit, and although
this question of privilege may not allow me to do
so, I shall feel grateful to the House if I may be
indulged in going into the subject of the resolu-
tion, and assigning my reasons for pressing an in-
quiry. We have a committee appointed to inves-
tigate the conduct of the war, and if it is known,
and known at this time, that the disaster at Ball's
Bluff is likely to be embraced in their inquiry,
facts and witnesses will be presented to the com-
mittee.
The House is no doubt aware that the battle of
Ball'sBluff, like many other things, has been made
the subject of an issue between the regular Army
and the volunteers. Brigadier General Stone, who
was at the time commanding the division from
which the detachment came which fought the bat-
tle, or attempted to fight it, is an officer of the reg-
ular Army, and Colonel Baker, to whom, after a
time, the command, or a part of the command,
was assigned, was a volunteer. The friends of
these two officers have indulged in much angry
controversy as to which should bear the blame;
and on the one side the cause has been espoused
as if its appropriate office was to fasten some
stigma on the volunteer service, and to determine
certain questions of precedence and merit between
West Point and the volunteers for the Union. A
| writer in the New York Times stated, some time
ago, that the friends of Colonel Baker would move
an investigation, but that they had better not, for
if they did the friends of General Stone would re-
taliate, and make it recoil upon Baker and damage
his memory. Mr. Speaker, I have no sympathy
with this controversy to indulge in here. 1 have
no patience with it as an obstacle to investigation.
MESSAGES I'EOM TIIE PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Private Secretary.
Also, a message notifying the House that the
President had approved and signed a bill to in-
crease the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar;
An act making an appropriation for gunboats
on the western rivers; and
A joint resolution expi-essive of the recognition
by Congress of the gallant and patriotic services
of the late Brigadier General Lyon, and the offi-
cers and soldiers under his command, at the battle
of Springfield, Missouri.
BATTLE OF BALL'S BLUFF-—AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I was saying,
Mr. Speaker, that I have no toleration for the con-
troversy between these officers, as far as it has
been used to trade upon the affections and to hush
and scare off, with the friends of either party, in-
vestigation and inquiry. Theeffectofdisclosingthe
truth on either of these officers or on both of them
ought not in my judgment to weigh one feather
against an investigation being had. Hit whom it
may, I believe the truth should be known. Sup-
pose its revelation shall shorten the plume of a
dead Senator—what then ? Is "that a reason, in a
great public concern like this, why we should hush
'investigation, or falsify the truth of history ? Sup-
pose, on the other hand, it turns out that a briga-
dier general, bred at West Point, an officer of the
regular Army, holding the acting position of a
major general, commanding a division containing
thousands of our countrymen, charged with their
safety, their honor, and their lives; suppose, I say,
it turns out that such a brigadier general is a mar-
tinet and not a soldier; suppose ho turns out to be
half-way, either in his soldiership or his loyalty:
is that a reason why investigation should be nuiz-
zled or throttled out of regard to his feelings or the
feelings of his caste? Shall we proclaim indulgence
for ignorance and incompetency, immunity for
barbarous negligence, silence for military crimes,
