3132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
mon justiee and humanity to loyal colored per-
sons. My colleague throws out in his speech the
pro-slavery argument that emancipation in the
West Indies has been a failure. This is untrue.
Emancipation nowhere has been a failure, polit-
ically, morally, or pecuniarily; for the reason that
freedom is better than slavery for all parties con-
cerned; and because right is always productive
of good, and wrong is always productive of evil.
Tlus is part of the economy of Providence in the
government of this world. Emancipation in the
West Indies has been a great success, and as an
example we should profit by it. Pro-slavery
writers and speakers have seized upon isolated
facts, and in ignorance of the real condition of the
island before and since emancipation, or willfully
blind to it, have used these facts to the prejudice
of emancipation. A.n able writer in the Edin-
burgh Review for April, 1859, in an article enti-
tled " West Indies as they were and nre," used
the following language:
" Never was a more radical revolution made fn the Cor-
Junes of a wholo peopletlian when eight hundred Ihousand
British negroes stepped from slavery into fioedom. VVIien
Tin; clock began to strike twelve on the mjjllt of July :n,
1831, tliey ware, hi the eye of the liuv, thine-', ebntrels,
bensis of burdeu, the mere property of others. When it had
ceased to sound, tiiey were, lor the first time, not only free-
men, but-men standing oa tile same level as those vvlioliad
formerly owned them."
The negroes were everywhere jubilant when
their birthright of freedom was restored to them.
Rev. James Phillipo, Baptist missionary in Ja-
maica, in describing the state of things when the
slaves were released from their apprenticeship ill
Itviri, uses the following language:
"In front (if the IJapust chapel were three tiimnphul
arches fk'coiated with leaves ami llcuvcis, .md t-unouiidod
bytflag-s'wuh nwiiptiun-, < J.'ircdnm has nomn !' '.Slavery
is no more!'' The chains are broken ; Af'ilea is free !' The
enthusiasm of Hie multitude was aroused up to the highest
piu-h. Thny wanted to gieet all the lla^s, many of which
nore llie names of their benefactors, 'tftuige, i'.rou^iiaui,
Sligo,' &c. The (lags weiemilurled,amiforneailyauhour
the air rang « lib e-MiUantshoius, in which the sin in voices
of the two thousand ehlklren joined ;' We're lree !' < We're
free!' ' Our wives and our clHUlien are free I' "
Could emancipation to such people be a failure?
The real condition of the West Indies has been
misunderstood or grossly misrepresented. What
has been quoted us a failure of emancipation is at-
tributable toother causes,and emancipation is in
nowise responsible for it. The principal fact relied
upon to show that the islands were injured by
emancipation is the fae.tthatin some yekrs since
omaheipalion the oxporis have been less than be-
fore.
The chief end of man in society is not to raise
produce to export, mid lliis fact is not the best
criterion of llm prosperity of a country. When
nil tltingn are taken into the account, the fuels on
tins head are against slavery, as 1 will hereafter
briefly show. Tile bail economy of slavery in the
Wesi Indies liml well nigh bankrupted and"mined
tin-in, as it nl ways does any State or country where
it is tolerated. The population returns from the
inlands, made to the British Parliament prior to
emancipation, showed that in eleven islands (the
only ones from which returns were made) " the
slaves had decreased in twelve years by no less
than 60,!fl9; namely, from 558,1114 to 41)7,975."
According 10 the estimate of the Edinburgh (le-
view, " bud similar leturns been piocured fiom
the other seven colonies, (including Mauritius,
Antigua, Barbudoes, and Grenada,) the decrease
must bine been liitle, if n! all, less than 100,000."
What an appalling fact was this—one hundred
thousand human beings slaughtered in twelve
years, tliat n few privileged slaveholders might .
become rich in exporting rum and sugar! A few !
'may lie pecuniarily benefited by such a state of '
things, but everything valuable, and desiiable in
society must go to decay. This damning {'net was
enough, in the estimation of the British public, to
destroy slavery. Emancipation came, and in the
next twelve years from ten colonies (no returns
were made from the others) there was an increase
of ;">•!,Q7G colored persons. This may be set down
to the credit of freedom. Increase of population
1.S always regarded as an evidence of prosperity
in a .^tate or community.
l/m/ei i he demorabV.ing influences of slavery the
W l in.) ies, prior to emancipation, were rapidly
going to (U cay in commerce and in every thing that
concerns the well-being of society. In Jamaica,
for the tfin year* prior to I8H0, the decrease in
sugarwas no less than 201,842 hogsheads from the
amount produced for ten yeai®s prior to 1820.
Lord Chandos, in 1830, presented a petition from
the West India merchants and planters, setting
forth the extreme distress under which they la-
bored, and he declared in his speech, in substance,
that it was impossible for them to bearupagainst
such pressure any longer. He said, " they are
reduced to a state in which they are obliged earn-
estly to solicit relief from Parliament." Mr. Bright
saicf," the distress of the West India colonial body
is unparalleled in the country." A report on the
commercial state of the West Indies, as copied in
the West India Reporter, contains this language:
" There are the strongest concurrent testimony and proof
that unless some &peedy and efficient measures or' relief are
adopted, the ruin of a great number of the planteis must
inevitably very boon take place."
This was under the halcyon rule of slavery. The
planters wereoverwhelmedwithdebt;their estates
were mortgaged to English capitalists for large
amounts. In 1833, in the little island of St. Lucia,
estates were mortgaged to the amount of over
$5,000,000 for debts incurred under that delightful
state of slavery which my colleague [Mr. Cox] is
so solicitous to perpetuate in this country.
Mr. Bigelow, of the New York Evening Post,
whose intelligence and integrity will not be ques-
tioned, as the lesult of his careful observations in
visiting the islands, as to their condition prior to
emancipation, says:
"The island of Jamaica was utterly insolvent; nearly
every estate was mortgaged foi more than it was worth, and
was liable foi more interest than it could possibly pay—
bankiuptcy was inevitable, i have given my icasons for
believing that the emancipation act did not cause, but only
precipitated a result wind) was Inevitable, ft compelled ,i
balance to be struck between the debtors and creditors,
which revealed rathei than begat the poveity which no ef-
loit can conceal."
Other proof equally satisfactory might be cumu-
lated on this point, but it is unnecessary. The
fact is established beyond contioversy or doubt
that it was slavery which, in 1830, was ruining the
West Indies. The cotton States at the commence-
ment of this rebellion were in a similar condition,
i have no doubt that their indebtedness to the com-
mercial States accelerated the rebellion, and added
fuel to the llamo which slavery had kindled. This
indebtedness probably was not less than two hun-
dred and fifty or three hundred millions. This
was quite a motive power to a revolution which
would wipe it out by repudiating it. Southern
rebel conventions and Legislatures were quick to
confiscate this indebtedness to loyal people; but
my colleague [Mr. Cox] is as quick to oppose the
confiscation of rebel property for the benefit of
loyal men, fearing it will irritate those dear trai-
tors whose company he is so desirous of keeping.
He imitates some generals in the field, who are
more energetic in protecting rebel property than
in suppressing the rebellion.
It is perfectly natural, yes, inevitable, that such
a change in the social and political condition of a
people, as from slavery to freedom,should produce
temporary confusion and inconvenience. This
will apply to business or political affairs. It takes
time for society to adapt itself to the new condition
of things. It does not, therefore, follow that the
change is not a wise one and should not have been
made. The former slaveholders tried to avoid, by
all means in their power, 44 the dreadful necessity
of ti eating with icspect, and alluring by wages,
those whom not long before they could order to be
put down and flogged for the least indolence."
" Very many of the planters also gave their ne-
groes notice to quit their cottages and grounds,
under the idea that by such a threat they would
force them to work for less wages. The result
was, to make the negroes shift elsewhere."
An able article in the February number (1853)
of the Westminster Review asserts lhat" the dim-
inution of labor was the direct and immediate
consequence of the mismanagement of the plant-
ers." Other causes not directly attributable to
slavery or freedom contributed to bring about m
the West Indies that " dreadful crash in 3847,
which has since resounded through the world,"
and the maincauseofthc falling ofl'ofexports was
the fall of the price of sugar. In 1840 sugar sold for
49s. perewt.; m 184b it sold for only 23s. 5d. Sugar
in theeiglnyears ending with 1846,averaged 37$.
3d. per owt., rind in the eight following years it
averaged only 24s. 6d. perewt. In theYirst eight
years the amount produced was 20,000,000 esvt.;
in the second eight years u had increased to
24,500,000 cwt. The sugar planteis realized for
their sugar $15,000,000less than theywould have
realized at the old prices. Sugar being the princi-
pal article of export, such a falling off would, of
course, cause great commercial embarrassment;
but pro-slavery writers and orators have charged
this embarrassment to the account of emancipa-
tion. The evidence from reliable sources is over-
whelmingt that the West India Islands,undcrfree
labor, are rapidly recovering from the insolvency
which slavery had caused. Wealth is increasing,
crimediminishing,andthe material and social con-
dition of the people rapidly improving. I might
multiply evidence upon these points to almostany
extent. I quote a few statements from colonial
reports made to Parliament, as quoted in the April
number, 1859, of the Edinburg Review:
« Barbadoes.—ln ten years,c between 1842 and 1852, in-
crease of sugar exported is 27,240 hogsheads.' The report
for 1851, states,' There has been more sugar shipped from
tlus island this year than in any one year since it has been
peopled; and it is a remarkable fact that there will be more
laborers' sugar made this year than previously. By labor-
ers' sugar is meant that raised by the negroes on their own
patches of ground, and sent to the proprietor's mill for
manufacture.' Tlie report for 1853 announces 4 vast in-
crease in trade. So far the success of cultivation by free
labor is unquestionable.' Report for 1$58: 'A great in-
crease in the value of the exports.' ' The large proportion
of land acquired by the laboring classca furnishes striking
evidence of their industry.'
"jBahamas—In 1851, the Governor reports,' a great and
important change for the better' in the condition ot the peo-
ple 5 which lie mainly attributes to ' improved education.'
The rapidity with which these islands aie advancing is indi-
cated by (he fact that the exportsand imports increased in
one year, from 1854 to 1855, £102,924, ($498,666 78.)
"Grenada.—Returns in 1851 and 1852 show an increase
of trade, amounting to £88,414, (§428,355 83.) Report of
1858: 'Contentment appeals to pervade all classes of the
community.' 'A proprietaiy body, ot considerable magni-
'udeand importance, has already risen fiom the laboring
class.' 'State of the finance* most satisfactory.* 'Agieatly
extended surface is covcred by sugar cultivation.' A con-
siderable increase is noted in the expoits of sugar, rum,
and cocoa. Some remaiks on tiie want of labor.
''Antigua.—Reports for 1858: * Sausfactoiy evidence is
afforded, by the revenue returns, of increase of tiade and
meicantiie business, consequent upon the revival of agii-
cultural prosperity.' (Theiehad been a depression in con-
sequence of a gieat fall in the pi lee of sugar in 1847.)
^ Dominica.—Report for 1853: 'The steady maintenance
of production is full of piomise as to the future.' Report
for 1857: 'The exports show a consideiahle increase.'
' Very considerable mctea-e in revenue, and an equally
marked liupiovemcnt in the amount of impoits.' In the
repoit for 1858, the Governor speaks of the growing inde-
pendence of the laborer, manifested 4 in the small patches
of canes, and little wooden mills here and ihere dotting the
plains aiound.'
" Guiana—fn 1852, the Governor reports that the fall in
the price, of sugar, in 1817 and 1818 (owing to the repeal ot
the tariff) was 'so sudden and enormous as to have almost
annihilated the colony at that crisis.' But he goes on to
stale that' the levenueis now tlouushing, population aug-
menting, education ■spioading, enme diminishing, and trade
mcieasing.'
" Montscirat.—In 1853, the Governor reports 'increase
of confidence, enterprise, and mdustiy.' 'The improved
and improving state ol the community is allowed on all
hands.' ' No island in these seas exhibits a more decisive
tendency to social and moral regeneration and improve-
ment The rural population are quiet, contented, and or-
deily.'
'• 'JVens.—Report for 1857: 'The roads appear as if the
greater pait of the population bad new clothed themselves ;
and in the harbor, so often deserted, I now count ten ships
of considerable burden.' 'Thcie appeals now to beat woik
an industrious spirit of Iinpiovement.'
"S/. Kttts.—Report for 1856 • 'A laiger quantity of sugar
is produced now than in the time of slaveiy,' (though on a
smaller area.) Reportforl858: 'The agriculturalprospects
of the island are most encouraging. Its financial condition
continues satisfactory; so do the education returns. At-
tendance in schools is steadily increasing. Crime is steadily
diminishing. In one year," fiom 1856 to 1857, nadc in-
creased £106,233,' ($'514,642 88 )
uSl. Lucia.—Repoit for 1853: 'At no period of her history
has there been a greater breadth of land under cultivation .
than at the present moment.' Between the four >eais end-
ing 1842, and the four years ending 1853, the mcre^e of
sugar exported was 1.803,618 pounds.
"St, Vinccnt.—In 1857, the Governor describes ' a really
sound and healthy state oftheeolonv at piescnt, and a cheer-
ing and piomising prospect (or thefutuie.' lie describes
the rising villages, the growing number of fieeholders and
leaseholder?, and the steady piogiessive increase in the
value of impoits. In one year, trom 1856 to 1K57. imports
and expoits increased £156,633, (§758.886 88;) and he
expressly attuhmes it to ' increased cultivation and pros-
pen ty.5 Tn 1858, he describes the colony as ' in a most sat-
isfactoiy >t;ue,' 'Agricultural operations hugely extended.'
'Anticipations of conunued progicss and ptosnenty tully
ie,ili7>ed.'
uToba«o—The neeounts had been dismnl in JS52 and
1853; but an improved financial sy-tem was adopted in 1856.
the lcsuit of which was a report in 1858 announcing ii
' marked improvement in the revenue returns.' The Gov-
ernor dcscubes the laborers as 'well-behaved and indus-
trious.'
" Variola—This island, mui'M slavery, e\poited 15,559
hundred weight of sugar. iVow it expoiw none at all. But
the change is wholly an advantage. It is remarkably well
adapted for raising stock.  The people, with tew excep-
tions, are owners of cattle, which they ditpo c of to great
