1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
- especially the < United States^ and the 'confederate States,'
that! solemnly forbid.any movement upon the soil of Ken-
tucky, or the occupation of any port, post, or place what-
ever within the lawful boundary and jurisdiction of this
State, by any of the forces under the orders of the States
aforesaid, for any purpose whatever, until authorized by
invitation or permission of the Legislature and Executive
authorities"—
He would not allow his veto to be overruled by
the legislative power on that point, but he requires
that tne consent of the Executive himself shall be
given to such occupation, as well as that of the
^Legislature—
"of this State previously granted. T also hereby especially
and solemnly forbid all good citizens of this Common wealth,
whether incorporated in the (State guard' or otherwise,
making any warlike or hostile demonstrations whatever
against any of the authorities aforesaid, earnestly lequest-
ing all citizens, civtl and military, to be obedient hereto 5
to be obedient to the laws and lawful orders of both the
civil and military authorities
he claiming, himself, to be the military author-
ity—
"to remain, when off military duty, quietly and peaceably
at their homes, pursuing theii wonted lawful occupations;
to refrain from all words and acts likely to engender hot
blood and provoke collision ; to pursue such a line of wise
conduct as will promote peace and tianqmllity, and a sense
of safety and security, and thus keep faraway fiom our be-
loved land and people the deploiable calamities of inva-
sion."
See what he calls invasion. If the President of
the United States ordered a body of men in the
military service of the United States to be marched
into Kentucky, the Governor treated it as an in-
vasion, The President had as undoubted power
to march troops into Kentucky or into any State
of this Union in pcacc or in war as he has to ap-
prove of a bill passed by Congress, or to do any
other act which his official duty and the Consti-
tution authorize him to do.
I ask the attention of the Senate to the conclud-
ing portion of this proclamation:
" But at the same time earnestly counseling my fellow-
citizens of Kentucky to make prompt and efficient prepa-
rations to attune the armor and attitude presented by the
paramount and supreme law of self-defense—and .strictly of
self-defense alone; piaymg Almighty God to have us ever-
mon.' in his holy keeping, and to piescrve uh in peace,
prosperity, and security forever.''
What blasphemy to connect such a prayer as
that with such diabolical and unholy purposes.
This, sir, is the proclamation of the Governor of
Kentucky, so enthusiastically lauded by my col-
league and by his co-conspirators in treason on
that occasion. Neither the confederate govern-
ment nor the United States of America were to be
allowed to move any troops into Kentucky; and
if the United States moved any troops into Ken-
tucky, they were to be met by "forcible resistance,
by armed men in a state of rebellion and in the
enactment of the ciime of treason.
But, sir, I will hasten on. The seventh reso-
lution adopted by that southern rights conven-
tion, at Henderson, was in these words:
"That although Kentucky ha« determined that lu;rpmpor
position at present in that of stuct neutrality between the
belligerent sections, yet if either of them invade her soil
againi-thni will, she ought to resent and iept;l it by ncces-
saiy force.''
is that a constitutional sentiment and opinion
of my colleague? Dare he stand up in the face of
the Senate and of the nation and reiterate such a
sentiment of bold treason? If the United States
Government, the President representing its exec-
utive sovereignty and all of its military power,
having by the Constitution and the laws the su-
preme command of the annies and navies of the
United States, and with discretionary power to
move them when and where, into every State and
portion of the United States, that he may choose,
dare to send a force into Kentucky, these men,
with my colleague presiding over the convention
that concocted this declaration of treason, counsel
the people of Kentucky to resist them with force
of arms.
Suppose the advice of my colleague had been
taken, as it was taken; suppose that "deluded men,
with confidence m lum and in his co-workers in
conspiracy, had adopted, as they did adopt, his
advice; that they got togetherand formed military
associations in the. State of Kentucky with a view
to force the President of the Qnited States and the
Government thereof to withdraw the forces from
that State that were raised and marched there with
the concurrence and at the instance of two thirds
of the people of the United States, to perform a
constitutional duty on the part of the Government
of the United States, to enforce the laws, to pro-
tect the people of that State, and to put down do-
mestic violence and insurrection*, suppose that at
that time they had moved ofF, warmed and heated
by this sentiment and by the eloquence with which
tne honorable gentleman maintained it, to the per-
formance of an overt act in this work of treason:
I ask the Senate if my colleague would not have
been guilty of an overt act of treason? if he would
not have committed the crime according to the
definition of the United States and according to
the definition in England, where it was first de-
fined by the statute of Edward III? Whether, if
he had been arraigned for having counseled an act
which was put on foot immediately after he gave
the counsel, and this had been proved upon him,
any United States court and independent jury in
Kentucky or in Christendom would not have con-
victed him of treason, and have adjudged him to--
suffer by the halter?
Well, sir, the bolt did not follow the flash in-
stantly; but it came in due time. It took some
little time to prepare the public mind,and to pro-
duce this development of treason in armed bands
of rebels in hostile array in battle-fields against
the Government of the United States. Did not
my colleague exhort them to that line of conduct?
Did he not exhort them to perform those acts of
treason? Are not those acts the fruits, the direct
consequences of that line of conduct which he thus
counseled them to take ? It would be a nice ques-
tion, indeed, and it would take a very learned
lawyer to decide, whether I10 did not thereby com-
mit, technically, the crime of treason, according
to the rigid construction which has been placed
upon the law of treason by the courts of England
and the United States. But in relation to the
crime of intention, of purpose, of what he wished
to be done, of what he advised to be done, there
is not and cannot be a doubt.
But I will read on:
" That although Kentucky has determined that her true
position at present is that of strict neutrality between the
belligerent sections, yet if eithei ot them invade her t-oil
against her will"—
Her will was embodied in the Federal Consti-
tution; her will was legitimately embodied in the
office which the President of the United States, as
the embodiment of the executive power of the
Government of the United States, expressed in
his military orders, and she had 110 other legal or
constitutional or proper will m 1 elation to the
subject—
"yet it either of thorn invade hei •-oil ajjain^t her will, she
ouaht to le-ent and icpel 1! by necessary toiee.
'•Th.it ni honorable ellbrN for the conciliation of the
belliireient sections ami riie reconduction ot the Cmon are
deniable, and we will heartily second and tiuthei such
cffoits."
I will now proceed in a hasty leview of my col-
league's official action as a Senator of the United
States. I took this synopsis from the Congres-
sional Globe itself. 1 did it catefully, and I answer
for its fidelity. 1 come here to make this lecord.
I come here to array this record against my col-
league. I eomeheie to have him indicted before
this Senate upon his conduct at home and upon
his record hero; and I come here to ask the just
and proper judgment of an enlightened, impartial,
and patriotic Senate upon the whole conduct of
my colleague on this question of expelling him
from his seat.
At the late July extra session of Congress the
bill to authorize the employment of volunteers to
aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public
property, being under consideration, an amend-
ment wus offered to reduce the number of men
proposed to be raised by it from five hundred
thousand to three hundred thousand. The object
of that amendment is obvious. It was to weaken
the strength of the Government m its struggle for
life. SenatorPowELL voted for it; and, on the pas-
sage of the bill, he voted in the negative, with Breck-
inridge, Johnson of Missouri, and Polk. (Con-
gressional Globe, pp. 52, 84.)
On the question of the passage of the bill to pro-
vide for the collection of the duties on imports,
and foi other purposes, on the 12th of July last,
Mr. Powell voted in the negative, with Breck-
inridge, Bright, Johnson of Missouri, and Polk.
(Congressional Globe, p. 84.)
The now sitting members of the Senate from
the State of Virginia offered themselves to be
sworn according to the Constitution, and to take
their seats, on the 13th July. Mr. Powell made
a speech against their right, and, with Bright and
Polk, voted to refer their credentials to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. (Congressional Globe,
pp. 107, 109.)
On the same day, the bill to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes, being under consid-
eration in the Senate, an amendment was offered
to reduce the amount of the proposed loan from
$250,000,000 to $150,000,000—still to cripple the
power and the ways and means of the General
Government in this great war of rebellion—and
Mr. Powell, with Johnson of Missouri, and Polk,
voted for it. (Same Congressional Globe, p. HO.)
I admit that sometimes my colleague in these
votes had two or three other gentlemen voting
with him.
The bill for the better reorganization of the mil-
itary establishment being under consideration in
the Senate on the 18th of July, the following
amendment to it was proposed:
" Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the pui poses of the mil-
itary establishment provided for in this act are, to pieserve
the Union, to defend the property and to maintain the con-
stitutional authouty of the Government."
Senator Powell, with Breckinridge, Johnson
of Missouri, and Polk, voted against that amend-
ment. (See same Congressional Globe, p. 194.)
On the 26th of July the bill to define and punish
certain conspiracies being before the Senate, Mr.
Powell opposed its passage by the presentation
of a written protest, signed by himself, Bright,
Breckinridge, and Johnson of Missouri. (See
same Congressional Globe, p. 275.)
The bill to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest 011 the public debt, and for
other purposes, being under consideration on
July 29th, a motion was made to amend it by
striking out the proposed duty of four cents per
pound on coffee, and Powell, Bright, Johnson of
Missouri, and Polk voted for the amendment.
(Same Congressional Globe, p. 316.)
The revenue bill being on its passage in the
Senate, on the 2d of August, 1861, Mr. Powell
spoke upon it in these words:
" I have steadily voted against all appiopriations to carry
on thi« war. I voted against the loan bill, and I have
steadily voted against all war supplies. 1 cast those votes
because I was opposed to the war; because I believed the
war was calculated to eternally sevci the States of this
Union, and that it would result in 110 good, bur manifest
evil to over} intei e^st of theentne country. Ilavingcastthe
votes i have, I cannot conscientiously vote toi tin-* bill I
knew that the heavy amount of wat supplier that weie
being voted by Congress would necessarily result m the
most onerous, taxation of the people. Those gentlemen
whovottd ha those war measures, I suppose, can con-
scientiously vote lor this bill; tor the votes which they
have Given lead directly to it.
'•Those who vote for war measures and war loans can
propetly vote foi the taxes to raifae the money to pay the
debt. 1 having opposed the war. having voted against the
loan, having voted against the Aimy supplies, deem it my
duty to vote against the bill, which I shall do."
And, with Breckinridge, Bright, Johnson of
Missouri, and Polk, he did vote against it. (See
the same Globe, pp. 399, 400.)
On the 5th of August, the bill to increase the
pay of the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates of the regular Army and volunteers,
&c., in the service of the United States, being on
its passage, Mr. Powell called for the yeas and
nays, and, with Breckinridge, voted against it.
(See the same Globe, p. 442.) 1 believe they were
the only two who voted against it. That is my
recollection, but upon that point I will not speak
positively.
Another bill for the same purposes, was intro-
duced and passed the Senate that day—there was
some irregularity m the first bill—against which
SenatorsPowELL, Breckinridge, and Bright voted.
(Sec the same Globe, p. 443.)
Now, Mr. President, I will give another'pas-
sage of my colleague's history outside ofthisllall.
TheLegislature of Kentucky convened in session
early in September. We had three elections in
Kentucky during the past year. 1 know full well
what those elections were, and upon what prin-
ciples and questions they turned, and so does my
colleague. The position assumed at that time
for the purpose of gaming strength and bringing
the gallant State of Kentucky into direct line with
the other loyal States of the Union, and to the
strict performance of her duty, was, as I before
said, to instruct the public mind, and to gain time
with a view to impart that mstiuction, and to im-
plant the principles of constitutional law and truth
that would bring her right. Many of our people
therefore—I never did—took the ground that Ken-
