190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 0,
even though a revelation ofthe truth would soil the
glittering plumage of the highest officer m the ar-
mies ofthe Republic? No,.sir; whoever is respons-
ible for that fatal field, if he yet lives, ought to be
nightly on his knees imploring forgiveness forthe
mighty murder he there committed. If Baker did
it, " 'twas a grievous fault, and grievously hath
Baker answered it.5' If Stone did it, he bears a
weight of guilt greater, far greater, than many
a man has atoned for with his life, who suffered
under the judgment of military tribunals, whose
moderation and impartiality have never been de-
nied. What is the personal fate or the personal fame
of a dozen generals when compared with the preser-
vation, the security, the maintenance of that great
Army now standing in the field ? With six hun-
dred thousand men—more men, I will hazard the
assertion, than any man knows what to do with—
with sixty-three thousand cavalry—although wo
were told in July we needed none—more cavalry
than any man will ever find a place for; with an
outgo of£2,000,000aday, we have been for months
guardmga beleaguered city. We have been doing
something more. We have been making now and
then an advance; and almost as often as we have
made one we have been outnumbered and ignomin-
iously defeated. 1 have no doubt, sir, that results
of this sort sometimes occur when human fore-
sight cannot prevent them; but when they occur
from gross negligence or ignorance, and we all
know it, I say it behooves us to investigate them,
and to hold them up, in order that we may see round
and round, who is responsible for them. If we
cannot have indemnity for the past, in Che name
of humanity let us have security for the future.
If we are to preserve the military principle at all,
let us preserve the whole of it. If not, introduce
into the Army the democratic principle, and when
an order is given put it to a vote whether it shall
be obeyed or not; but if orders are to be implicitly
obeyed, let us have responsibility, rigid responsi-
bility, on the part of those who give them.
Now, sir, let me look a few moments at this
battle of Rill's Bluff, in order to see whether those
who managed it exercised that care and caution
which the law exacts of the pilot < t" a ship, of the
engineer who runs a railroad train, of the captain
of a steamboat carrymgpassengers; or whether it
was managed with an absence of care and skill,
with a reckless disregard of ordinary prudence.
On the 91st of October, Leesburg, in the State
of Virginia, was occupied by insurgents. The
foice with which they held it amounted to not
less than six thousand men. At the same time
Poolesville, in the State of Maryland, was occu-
pied by Union forces, and was the headquarters
of a brigadier general. Between these two posi-
tions, thus occupied,there lolledaswiftand swol-
len river, with an island in the channel, nearest
the Maryland side, three miles in length and two
hundred yards across. On the same side of the
river with Leesburg, and within a day's march of
that place, lay General McCall. commanding a di-
vision eon taming fifteen regiments, which marched
fully eleven thousand men, If Leesburg were to
lie attacked, or if a reconnoissanee in forcc were to
be made m that direction, one of the first wonders
in this case is that the work should have been as-
signed to General Stone's division, divided as it
was from the scene of action by a great river—in-
deed by two great rivers—when the division of
General McCall was within a day's march of the
spot, with neither river, mountain, nor barrier to
be_ tiaversed. Those who, stimulated by curi-
osity not unnatural at a time like this, have re-
freshed their military history, or dipped into mil-
itary books, or picked up the current smattering
of military knowledge, have not failed to observe
that a river unbridged and unfoidabie is regarded
as one of the most formidable and perilous obsta-
cles to military advance. Of all the banieis
not absolutely impassable, nothing—if ordinary
sources of information are to be relied upon -is to
be so mu-'h dreaded by an Attacking army, so
much to be shunned at any cost, as a'deep, rapid
stream, without whaifage or bridges; and this
even when means of floating transportation are
abundant and prepnrod. Common sense has so
much to do with this that any man who has ever
seen artillety mo\e may, without presumption,
assume to know and comprehend it.
Another fact which a civilian may be allowed
to statu is, that an army or detachment attempt-
ing to cross a stream of t his sort, in the face of an
enemy, should be provided not only with means
of transportation sufficient to throw it over to the
attack, but to bring it off, and bring it off expe-
ditiously and securely m case of a defeat. A pon-
toon train, if an intrenched bridge cannotbehad,
a flotilla of batteaux, boats, rafts, something, is
the very least, if we may rely on ordinary author-
ities, which will suffice to meet the requirements
of common prudence. But in this case two rivers
seem not to have been considered of much account
in hindering the advance of an army; they were
held of importance so slight that a division lying
on the fighting side of the river was not brought
into requisition at all, not even to protect the cross-
ing and the landing, nor to cover a retreat. But
the whole work was assigned to the trans-Potomac
division of General Stone.
This work was not an unexpected or impulsive
one. On the contrary, crossing the river there-
abouts, and crossing at or about that time, had
occupied for days the attention of officers and men.
The landing-place, the crossing-place, had been
selected, for on the day before, several hundreds
of the Massachusetts fifteenth and twentieth had
been thrown over to the island, and from the
island to the bluff. The crossing-place was one of
the most remaikable—confessedly one of the most
dangerous that could have been possibly selected.
The landing-place was a bank of clay ten or fif-
teen feet high, abrupt, almost perpendicular, sur-
mounted by a rugged bluff one hundred or one
hundred and fifty feet in height.
The region round about was what lumbermen
would call a " wooden country." Timber grew
in great abundance in every direction. Within
twelve miles of the crossing-place was a saw-mill.
From that saw-mil!—which was situated some
half a mile from the river and eanal—to the river
and canal ran a railroad, for the purpose of trans-
porting lumber from the mill to the canal. Round
about this mill, on the railroad, and piled on the
canal, was an abundance of timber, round, square,
and sawed. What could have been done with it?
We all know, and we all know how quickly it
would have been done. We know what would
have been done if nobody but Massachusetts had
been there. Not to know that would be to forget
that when General Butler called upon the woik-
mg men of a Massachusetts regiment to step for-
ward the whole regiment advanced, and that in
the regiment were found a plenty of men who
could sail the Ironsides, and build and run a loco-
motive engine. Boats and rafts enough to float
thousands could have been put afloat in a few
hours, and a bridge would not, I am informed,
have been the work of more than a day and a
night.
But timber was not the only means of trans-
portation there at hand. It was not necessary to
go to Washington, nor to Seneca Mills, nor even
to the forest, to find water craft and materials for
bridging. The same canal of which I have spoken,
and which ran on the very bank of the river,
floated a very large number of boms upon it—so
large a number that, in a single day and night,
boats enough could have been broughtinto requi-
sition to float all the troops needed for the expe-
dition, and particularly if a rope had been stretched
across to pull them from side to side, in place of
their being poled up the current and out into the
stream, and then left to diift down and strike the
opposite shore. Iaminformed that at convenient
distances there are facilities adapted and intended
for the transfer of boats from the canal to the
river.
Notwithstanding this, notwithstanding Wash-
ington was onlv about thirty-six miles distant by
canal, notwithstanding timber on the canal, at the
nn!!, m the tree, was there in abundance, no one
of these means was brought into requisition. No
pontoons, no attempt to bridge the river, not a
raft, not a batteau, not a boat from the canal or
elsewhere, except as 1 shall state. There was not
even a hawser nor rope provided, not even axes.
Two weeks befuie this, however, an Older had
been given to construct five flatboats and two
skiffs—to construct them at Edwards's Perry, a
point on the river some four miles b'-low. Three
of those boats were brought up from Edwards's
Ferry to this fatal crossing-place. Two of them
were used m the channel between the Maryland
shoie and Harrison's island, and one of them was
used between the island and the bluff. And in
this latter channel was also a single row-boat.
These four boats, two in either channel, consti-
tuted the whole means of transportation upon
which the expedition was based.
These boats have been called scows, and I have
taken some pains to know what they were. They
were flatboats, made of hcmlock stuff, I think,
inch and a quarter or inch and a half stuff. My
colleague on my right can tell me whether I state
the thickness correctly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Inch and a half.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My colleague
says inch and a half stuff. They were about
twenty feet m length and of corresponding width.
They had no oars noi any other means of motion.
Theie was, as I said, no rope or hawser to work
them by. They were navigated by being loaded
and then poled up stream and out into the cur-
rent, and then allowed to drift or float down and
across until they struck the bank on the other
side. Sometimes they would strike at the land-
ing place, sometimes they would hit the shore far
below, and be hauled and poled back to the land-
ing place.
These boats were of sufficient capacity to carry
about half a company, some thirty-five men each,
and the average time occupied in crossing' from
Maryland to the island was about three quaiters
of an hour, leaving the island and the remaining
channel still to be traversed. The House will get
some idea of the rapidity with which this trans-
portation could be carried on by the operations of
the night before the day of which I am speaking.
Before Colonel Baker is understood to have had
command of the expedition, Colonel Devin was
ordered to cross four companies of the Massachu-
setts fifteenth. He did cross them. He com-
menced at two o'clock m the morning, and it was
sunrise before he was ready to take up the line
of march, showing that moie than an hour was
necessary for the purpose of throwing one com-
pany from the Maryland shore to Ball's Bluff.
Colonel Baker's orders came to him about two
o'clock m the morning, and found him sleeping
in his tent. He commenced his crossing at sun-
rise. Without any wharf to he to, without any
hawser or rope to stretch across the river, the em-
barkation and transportation of troops, cannon,
and munitions of war was of course a slow and
tantalizing process. Eleven o'clock had come
when only a commencement had been made. At
this timea boat was found in the canal, and meas-
ures were taken to transfer ltto the river. Whether
this was observed on the other side I cannot say,
but the time had come when it was too late to
mend the matter or correct mistakes, for the rebel
fire had opened upon the slendcrdetachment which
had crossed. From that time the boats began to
pole back with the bleeding and the slain. The
house on Harrison's island had already become
a hospital, and every room in it was occupied by
wounded and dying men.
But still the crossing went on. Seventy-five
hundred men, according to General Stone, were
detailed for the expedition; but not more than
seventeen or eighteen hundred men ever saw the
field. Those who crossed crawled up the muddy,
slippery bank of clay; and from there, by a wind-
ing path, they climbed to the summit ofthe bluff
which lay beyond. The guns were dismounted,
and draggedand lifted up with great difficulty and
delay. All this hard and perilous ascent led to
no field of fair fighting, but only to a trap, an
ambush, a slaughter-pen, a Golgotha. The bluff
was a mile in length up and down the river, and
the landing and ascent were made m the middle of
it. Behind this point was a six-acre lot, skirted
by woods on three sides. Into this burial ground,
one by one, as the boat brought them over, went
up the devoted seventeen hundred. Their steps,
like tracks to the lion's den, all pointed in one
direction, from which there was never to be a
return. Behind them rolled a deep river, which
could never be repassed. Before them, and sur-
luunding them on evei y side, was a tree-sheltered
and skulking foe of three or four times their num-
ber. Their movements had been watched from
the start; and the rebels had prepaicd for them a
feast of death, and had calculated the number of
guests who should partake of it. When that
number had been poled and drifted over, the
dreadful revelry commenced. It was the refine-
mentof cruelty, and dealtexactly with its victims.
They had been sent over too few to remain, and
loo many to return—a larger number might have
