1862.
THE OOJSTGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3138
advantage.' * The laborers appear fully sensible of the ad-
vantages of education to their children, and the latter man-
ifest a great desire to benefit by the opportunities offered
them.*
" Trinidad is highly flourishing, fn 1852, the crop was
the largest ever shipped from the island; and it has been
extending since. The whole trade greatly increased since
slavery. The leport for 1853 speaks of ' marked improve-
ment in the cultivation of the sugar estates.' Export of
sugar rose from an average of 310,797 cwt., under slavery,
to 426,042 cwt. in the seven years ending 1854."
Do these official statements show that emanci-
pation was a failure? On the contrary, they show,
beyond cavil or doubt, that in the West Indies it
has been a glorious success.
I "will quote from a speech made in the House
of Commons by Mr. C. Buxton in 1859:
l( Because labor is free and trade i«t free the West Tndies
are now rising to a pitch of wealth and happiness unknown
before, [t would be impossible for me to lay before the
House the immense mass of evidence which demonstrates
that lact. I am assured of it by mercantile men; I find it
strongly set forth in the reports fioni the Governors of the
Islands, and hi the i>tau>tics furnished by the Board of
Trade. In the four years between 1853 and 1857, there has
been an increase in the expoits and imports of the West
Indies and Guiana of £4,500,000 ($21,802,500.) Consider-
ing what mere specks these islands look on the map of
America, it is astonishing that their trade to and fro, in
the year 3857, should actually amount to £10,735,000
($52,011,075.) It is altogether absurd to suppose this pros-
perity is owing to the immigration of a few thousand la
borers; and in fact the islands which have received no
Immigrants are quite as flourishing as those that have. In-
terested parties describe the negroes as barbarous and idle;
hut I find ample evidence that they are living in a high
degree of industry and comfort; though I admit that they
somewhat prefer working on freeholds they have purchased
to laboring for hire."
I haye briefly referred to the success of emanci-
pation in the West Indies to refute the intimation of
my colleague, and because the people of this coun-
try, in some form, must meet the fact ofemancipa-
tion. The necessity of it is every day being made
more and more apparent. The soldiers in the field
see this more clearly than the citizen at home.
We cannot expect permanent peace if the status
of slavery is to remain the samens before the war.
No man, unless his wish is father to the thought,
can entertain any other opinion. Events beyond
the control of the President, of the Cabinet, and
of Congress, are irresistibly forcing the nation to
that opinion. The question for the Government
to determine is, whether it will lead this opinion or
be led by it. " Gad is just, and His justice will
not sleep forever." My colleague and those like
him need not expect to stay the current of events
by pronouncing the African " ignorant, idle, and
vicious." Intelligent and justmcn know that the
surest way to relievo him from that ignorance and
degradation isto take from him that load of oppres-
sion which crushes ou t all motive for improvement,
and honest men will act upon it. It is not sin-
gular that men who are in favor of keeping Afri-
cans in ignorance and slavery should oppose all
efforts for their moral and intellectual instruc-
tion. History will pronounce all such men tyrants
and oppressors. If Edvvmd Stanly is permitted
to cany out what report says hr; h.ts commenced,
to wit, the breaking up a school established and
sustained by philanthiopic poisons for the pur-
pose of educating colored children, ho will be re-
garded as infamous in history as a Jeffreys or a
Haynau. *
I advise my colleague [Mr. Cox] to look well
to his own epitaph. That he may see himself as
history will regard him, unless he mends his ways,
I suggest the following:
Here lies the Buckeye at home.
" The evil tint m*Mt do live.-, after them ;
The good i< oft infened with their bones "
In eas-e of this Buckeye, would that thu maxim might be
reversed; if not, little would \w found liei e but bones,
lie expired with the Thirty-Seventh Congie>s ;
lie died ofNegio phobia, babbling against the
iV'CGRO.
His ability fitted him for a highci mi.-sion, but his sun went
down in a coloieJ sunset."
Requiescat in pace!
Mr. MORRIS obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. If my colleague does not desire to
speak to-night, I will, with his consent, occupy
the floor for a few moments, as I desire to pay
my respects to my colleague over the way, [Mr.
Hutchins,]
Mr. MORRIS. I have no objection, if the com-
mittee has none.
Mr. COX. It will take me but two minutes.
Mr. HUTCHINS.. I yield, of course, to my
colleague.
Mr. COX. No, sir; I do not ask any favors
from that gentleman. I never give him any, and
I want none from him.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Very well.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman [Mr.
Hutchins] has taken this occasion to rake up a
great deal of stale vulgarity upon me. I believe we
are in the Committee of the Whole on a bill to test
a breech-loading piece. His speech is very ap-
propriate, for all that my colleague has fired off
seems to have been fired from the breech. The
indecency of bringing here old political campaign
garbage, which has been explained and refuted,
year after year in my own district, I will leave to
the taste of the gentleman. He has the benefit of
my opinion as to his vulgarity and indecency.
The speech he proposed to answer, was made
against measures and not men. His personalities
are not called for by anything in it.
But I intended simply to refer to two or three
matters of his speech, and to put myself right as
a member of this body. The gentleman insinuated
that my speech was printed when it was delivered.
That is not true. It was printed the next morning.
Members will recollect very well that there was a
great many speeches handed in at the Globe office
at that time. I chose to have my speech set up at
another office where I was to have it printed in
pamphlet form. After the printer had set it up, I
came and delivered it with the manuscript copy
before me. I requested the reporter to put in the
interruptions. He did so, and some days after-
wards the Globe copied from the pamphlet. The
gentleman will see from this statement, that in his
insinuation that I had got up that speech in pam-
phlet form, with the interruptions inserted before-
hand, he is mistaken—as much so as when he says
that there was a small House and all my col-
leagues absent when it was delivered. Knowing
this, he ought to leave that out of his printed re-
marks, or else be marked as a dishonorable mem-
ber of the House.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is not for the gentleman
to read lectures as to the mode of makingspecches
here, whether they be printed or otherwise. He
reads to-day o. printed speech, and in it conveys
the impression that I read from a printed speech,
which latter is nottrue. I am perhaps not always
as well prepared as other members in discussion;
but when gentlemen make attacks upon me, I
can reply, as I do now, without much prepara-
tion. The gentleman has revamped from the dead
past something written eleven or twelve years
ago in a book while I was traveling abroad. He
read it for the purpose of exciting the risibilities
of the House about the description I gave of an
Abyssinian whom I saw at Rome. The gentle-
man knows better than to suppose that the Abys-
sinian is an African in the sense in which that
word is used here.
Mr. HUTCHINS. The gentleman speaks of
him in his book as a real, unquestionable African.
Mr. COX. Certainly. An Abyssinian is an
African, but the negroes in this country arc not
Abyssinians. They are a different race of men.
Abyssinians have not the same flat nose, the .same
elongated heels, the same peculiarities ofcranium,
or the same quality of hair.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Will my colleasue ex-
plain what he meant by the phrase " nplain, un-
questionable African
Mr. COX. I used that expression because an
Abyssinian is an African; but the Africans we
have here are of a different type altogether, and
the gentleman ought to have known it. But all
that is no matter.
I recall now, very distinctly, that Abyssinian
whom I saw before the Pope, and as I look at the
gentleman I am strongly reminded of him, es-
pecially in the " crispness of the Numidian hair,"
but I am not reminded of him by any special in-
telligence of countenance, for the African was far
my colleague's superior, both in elocution and in
decency.
But, sir, I made a remark in that hook about the
African race, and the "prejudices" of this coun-
.try toward it; and m ihe remarks which I made
the other day I referred again and again to the
same ineradicable prejudices. I based part of my
argument upon the existence of these prejudices.
It did stiike me—an American,going frpm one
of the northern States—then a young man, imbued
more or less with such prejudices, going right into
St. Peter's, seeing all these grand rites, and ob-
serving a person, perhaps about the color of my
colleague, rising up in that place and delivering a
Latin oration; it did strike me as a strange spec-
tacle. The scene would naturally excite surprise
in me. The Abyssinian was a curiosity, a mon-
strosity, if you please. I could not help recording
it; just as 1 might record the unusual fact of see-
ing a calf with five legs, or with two legs, if my
colleague pleases, or an abolitionist pretending to
be a Union man, or any other such sport of nature.
1 would naturally make anote ofit; and that is the
way it got into my book. That is all. Thegen-
tleman does not even do the justice to give my
narration of that matter. He has the indecency
to garble it, while he had the whole narration in
the book before him. He gave no explanation ot
the phenomenon, such as I gave there, and such
as I give here. 1 have notread the book for years,
and have not looked at the passage, cxceptwhen
I have seen it in the newspapers of my district,
garbled, with stars, as the gentleman will doubt-
less fix it in his speech.
But I remember that I stated in the book that I
was so much surprised at that peculiar scene in
the Sistine chapel that I inquired into the philo-
sophical reason for it; and turning to Macaulay's
history, I found the explanation. There I learned
that the Catholic church had never, from the be-
ginning of its spiritual rule down to the present
time, made any distinction, except between the
priesthood, who represented God, and the people;
that before God all men of all castes were regarded
as equal. That is her creed. She carries it out
in this country—carries it out in the South, where
negroes are slaves, as well as in the North, where
they are not. Go into any Catholicchurch South,
and you will find bowing at the same altar the
negro and his master; and in the North, too, you
will find the negro and the white man bowing at
the same altar in the Catholic church. But you
will not find it in your hypocritical puritanical
churches. Even in the church of your model
preacher, Cheever, some time ago a negro was
removed from his church for sitting in a pew with
a white family. Oh! you miserable hypocrites,
who go about talking of the rights of black men,
and their equality with whites, while you do not in
fact treat them with the same kindness or respect
as they are treated by their owners in the South.
Go into a Catholic church in New Orleans, and
you will find black and white, slave and free,
worshiping in the same church, and bowing be-
fore the same Presence. The gentleman from
Ohio and the honorable chairman of this commit-
tee, [Mr. Ashley,] perhaps will never be caught
in that predicament, if they ever bow at all, of
which I am not advised.
But, Mr. Chairman, Macaulay gave the proper
elucidation of this matter. He says that, in the
middle ages, the Church of Rome was the great
barrier between a feudal aristocracy and the peo-
ple. She protected the people against the encroach-
ment of the powerful. She stood up against all
distinctions of caste and color, because she held
that all men were equal before God and the priest-
hood. She even held, says Macaulay, that the
hereditary slave, or serf, or villein, might attain to
the priesthood and become the spiutual master of
the nereditaiy master.
This Abyssinian student of the Propaganda, ed-
ucated at Rome, to return to his own people and
there to preach the Gospel, was but an illustiation
of the historic truth which Macaulay states, and
winch I stated in my book, but which the gentle-
man did not give.
I say, that explanation of this matter the gen-
tleman does not give; but he tries to draw the in-
ference, from his partial extract, that because I
referred to the prejudice against blacks in Amer-
ica, I am in favor, or was then in favor, of negro
equality in civil or social matters. No such in-
ference as that can be drawn from what I said. I
never favored any such equality at any period of
my life. Never. Prom the time I could think I
have always been a Democrat, and from that time
I have always perceived and held the negro to be
an inferior race of men to the white.
I have always maintained that this Government
was intended as a white man's Government. It
was formed by white men and for white men.
Our laws and institutions were framed for them
alone. Because I recognize the fact that negroes
have souls to be saved,even as white men, or be-
