THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
held the position, and dispensed with means of |
retreat; a smaller number might have escaped by j
the boats; but the seventeen hundred had only to
stand fast and perish.
Nobly did they fulfill their destiny. Desperate
stubbornness and hcroic couragc served only to
gild with tints of glory the bloody picture of their
fate.
In an hour, in less than an hour, the field was
a hell of fire, raging from every side. The battle
was lost before it had begun. It was from the j
outset a mere sacrifice, a sheer immolation, with- |
out a promise of success or a hope of escape. It I
was worse than the charge of the Light Brigade, I
and as England's poet has said of the six hundred, j
" Cannon to right of them.
Cannon to left of them.
Cannon in fiont ot them,
Volleyed and thundeied."
Well might the historian here, ejaculate with
the poet there,
"Sonic one has blundered.55
We all know the result. Those who did not
die upon the field were forced down the steep bank
behind them to the brink of the river. Here, to
save their arms from the enemy, they threw them
into the stioam, and many sought, and more
found, a watery grave. The last act of this ter-
rible tragedy of blunders, if not the saddest, was
the most sickening and appalling of them all.
The flatboat, which by poling and drifting had
been made to ply between the island and the bluff,
was now laden with the mangled, the weary, and
the dying—too heavily laden—and the quick and
dead, in one struggling mass, went down together
in that doleful river, and never rose again. Lees-
burg was illuminated that night, illuminated by
patricides and lebels, and another laurel was
added to Big Bethel, Bull Run, the blockade of the
Potomac, and the tamo surrender of arms m the
navy-yards and arsenals.
Such, Mr. Speaker, was the battle of Ball's
Bluff. Such it stands to-day upon the page of his-
tory. The mourners for that buttle—those who
suffered most severely in it—are the States of New
York, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania. To those
States it was the battle of Cdnnse,for the very pride
and flower of their young men wete among its
victims. No wonder that the Aimy and the coun-
try burn with indignation at
u The deep damnation of their taking off,J
No wonder that twenty millions of people and
their presses are yet discussing whether the battle i
was fough ton orders issued by General Stone, or on
forged orders, or on no ordeis at all. No wonder
that weariness, distrust, and paralysis is settling
upon the public heart. We have seemingly no
thorough system of accountability, and we need
to commence one now. I hope we shall begin
with the subject now before us. Let the Army
and the Government know that the people and the
Representatives of the people are in grim earnest.
Let mismanagement and drowsiness tremble and
wake up. Ball's BlulT cries aloud for scrutiny,
and I hope the war committee will think so, nnd
probe it thoroughly, unrestrained by any state-
ment that the public interest does not require it,
come from what quarter it may. Since the pub-
lication of the report of the Adjutant General re-
specting the army of the West and the division of
General Fremont, no man ought to be asked to
believe that the publication of anything can be
injurious to anybody. Whoever sanctioned or
consented to the publication of thatextraordinary
and anomalous document, would be estopped in
a court of justice from objecting to giving pub-
licity to anything under heaven relating to the
Army as calculated to do Inn m. At all events, we
shall be safe m exposing and branding the author
or authors of a monstrous mistake, which has
already been told in Gath. and published in the
streets of Ascalon.
Now, sir, I mean to be explicit in what I say
about the battle of Bail's B'uff, and theiefore I
will make several plain points upon it which I
say call loudly for explanation, if they can be
explained.
I assume that an attack on Leesburg, or a mo\ e-
ment upon it, was justifiable at the time, and then
I direct attention to the following propositions, m
the light of the facts at which i have glanced.
In the first place, the division of General Mc-
Call, numbering eleven thousand men, was on the
same side of the river with Leesbuig. and within
a few hours' march, uninterrupted by any formi-
dable barrier, and yet these troops were not era-
j ployed in the attack, nor made use of at all, but
I another division was selected lying on the oppo-
| site side of the Potomac.
I In the second place, the point of crossing se-
I lected was one of the woistand most dangerous
j to be found for many miles.
; In the third place, there was a want of trans-
j portation, insomuch that means of crossing abso-
| iutely indispensable were wholly unprovided, al-
i though they might easily have been procured,
j In the fourth place, the number of men sent
' over to Ball's Bluff was wholly insufficient, and
! this though more than the needed number were
close at hand.
In the fifth place, no reinforcements came to the
rescue, although, aside from the command of Gen-
eral McCall, there wore troops and artillery on
both sides of the river while the engagement was
progressing, and within four miles of the field of
battle.
All these grounds of censure may be answered
and explained. If they can be explained, it is
just to the living and the dead that an opportunity
should be afforded. If they cannot be explained,
then for reasons higher still inquiry ought not
to slumber. We have had long chapters of acci-
dents for which no one is blamed, though some
oncis to blame. Battlcsand positions given away,
and 110 court-martial, no court of inquiry, no one
shot, no one disgraced—nothing but promotions
growing out of inglorious occurrences. My par-
ticular object to-day is to learn whether the mili-
tary authorities have in any manner looked into
the proceedings of the 21st of October on the up-
per Potomac, and in order to obtain that informa-
tion 1 offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Wheieas, on the second day of the session, ibis Ilou^e
adopted a resolution, of which the Jollowin? H a copy :
"Rewired, That the Seoictaiy of Wai he requested, if
not incompatible with the public niteiest, to icpoit to this
House \\ hethei any, and it .my what, measui es> have been
taken to .iseeitam who ie-.pon<ib!c lor the disastrous
movement of oui uoops at Ball's Bluff;-*5
And wheieas on the 16ih ot December, the Secretary of
War ictuincd an answei, whereof the following i<3 a copy:
War Department, December 12, 3861.
Put: I have the iionoi to acknowledge the leceiptof a
resolution of the House of Kepie^entatives eullmy (or cer-
tain information with repaid to the di.-a-^trous movement of
oui tioops at Ball's Bluif, and to tiaiwmt to you a leport
of the Adjutant Geneial of the United States Aim>,from j
which vou wilt peieeive that a compliance with the ieso- J
lution.'ilt this tune, would, 111 the opinion of the Geneial- j
m-Chier, he iniuuons to the public ^•ivi<-e.
Yen u- p< < tlully, SIMON CAMERON,
Sen Uary of War.
Hon. G A. Grow,
Speaker of the House oj Representatives.
Hr.adqrarterp or the Army,
Adjutant Glnkrat/s Office,
Washington, Dccembei II, 1861.
Sir: Incompliance with your injunctions [ have the
honoi to icpoit. in i cfei once to the icaolution of the honor-
able tli" Ilou^e of Uepiesentativp^, received the 3d instant,
•• that the Secretaiy ot War be lequested. it not incompat-
ible with the public interest, to ippoit to tln-s House whether
an>, and it any what, meamteb ha\e been taken to ascer-
tain' who i^ re>pon:>ib!e toj the disastiou^ movement ot our
tioopa at Ball's Bluff;*' that the General-in-Chief ot the
Army i*> of opinion an inqiuiy on the subject of the resolu-
tion would, at this time, he injinious to the public service.
The Hvolu'tion is herewith lespectlully ictuined.
Ivcispecttully submitted, !<• THOMAS,
JMjuiant Geneial.
Hon. Secretary of War, Washington:
Theiefoic,
Resolved. That the -aid answer is not responsive, nor
satisfactory lo the lluu-e, and that the Secretaiy he directed
to return a'luitnei answer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to propound an ,
mquny to the Chair, and that is whether this is
a privileged question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING 1 yield to the
gentleman for a moment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is the resolution of the
gentleman from New York a privileged question,
such as can he sustained if objection is made to it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the ques-
tion to the House to decide whether it is a priv-
ihgcd question. The Chair will have the rule
read under which he acts.
The rule was read, as follows:
•< Whenevci the Speaket is of opinion that a question of
I privilege is involved nt a proportion, he must entertain it
i in piefeievsce to auj other biwne; . And when a pioposi-
' tion i* submitted which relate* to the privilege" of the
House, it is his duty to efitertain it, at least to the extent of
submitting the question to the House as to whetber^or not
it presents a question of privilege." „ . -
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, under that
rule, it is his duty to submit the question to the
House for their decision. The question is whet&e^r
the House will entertain the resolution^as a mat-
ter of privilege. - - *
Mr. STEVENS. I thought the House ;had
already decided that it was. ' « "
The SPEAKER. The House decided thatthejr
would entertain the general subject, not this re£o~
lution, which had not been introduced at the time";
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is the point I make.
The SPEAKER submitted to the House the
question whether they would entertain the reso-
lution as a question of privilege, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was before the House for con-
sideration.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call the pre-
vious question upon the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal to the gentle-
man from New York to yield to me, after the
statement he has made.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not propose to fol-
low the gentleman from New York in the lemarks
he has submitted here. I propose to speak only
in reference to one branch of the subject which
has been discussed. 1 do not understand that there
exists anywhere, through the length and breadth
of this broad land—in the Army, or among civil-
ians—any question reflecting upon the character
of the late Colonel Baker, or of the gallant meo
who fell at Bali's Bluff. It is not a matter of con-
sideration or of investigation. It is not a subject
of inquiry. If there is any point in which the
whole country, civil and military, acquiesce, it is
that Colonel Baker and those who fought and sur-
vived, and who fought and fell with him, dis-
played as much courage, as much gallantry, and
as much bravery, as have been displayed any-
where upon this continent in any war. That,
therefore, is a question out of consideration. Itis
one which needs no investigation anywhere, and
it is one which ought not to be lugged into this
debate.
There is another question, however, which does
pertain to this debate. After the experiences of
this House, it becomes its dignity to inquire
whether we have the right and power to apply
correctives to what we find wrong. On the first
day of this session gentlemen, withoutconsidera-
tion, without consultation, without the delibera-
tion of the House, pledged themselves to do cer-
tain things in relation to the arrest of Mason and
Slidell. The authorities, who in this Government
had control of the matter, have not backed you
up in it. What position do you occupy? Is your
dignity vindicated ? Have we maintained our own
self-respect? If not, why? We have interfered
with matters which did not belong to us, and over
which we have no control.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will my colleague pardon
me a moment. I do not wish to interrupt the dis-
cussion, but the assumption that the authorities
are against the Government and the House, in re-
lation to Commodore Wilkes, I think is unfounded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague does not
understand what authority 1 alluded to. The
President of the United States and the Secretary
of State, who had control of this matter, were the
authorities to which 1 alluded.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I misunderstood my colleague.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i knew he did, for I
knew my colleague would not take issue with me
upon the fact. Wc cannot control this Mason and
Slidell affaii. It belongs to other departments
of the Government, and those departments of the
Government have acted upon their responsibility.
I am not going to discuss that action. What
docs the gentleman from New York propose to do
now? He proposes to investigate the disaster at
Ball's Bluff. Suppose you find thatsomebody now
living is at fault: what are you going to do next?
Discuss it before a town meeting? Is that the
way you conduct armies, fight battles, and cany
on wars' 11is unheaid ufinoui legislation. We
must uust something to the other departments of
the Government. This war isnot managed by'offi-
cers of my choice. I am willing to trust all'war
matters to those gentlemen who are to lead the
Army; and 1 am unwilling to throw any obstacles
