1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^lW
But I do not intend to go into this matter more
at length at present. I have already expressed
my views upon the subject. While our country-
men are slain by these armed rebels; while the
peaceful citizens along the whole frontier are sub-
jected from day to day, and from night to night,
to the weapon of the private assassin; while our
people are murdered, and every act of violence is
committed upon them all along this long line of
hostile array, and treason stalks among us at
noonday and at midnight; when, if there ever was
an occasion for a severe, exemplary, and speedy
punishment of treason by the highest possible
penalty, this is that occasion, a very respected
select committee of this body bring into the Senate
a bill, not to subdue the rebels, not to prosecute
this war, but to mitigate and lessen the penalty
of treason, which, as established by our fathers,
was death by the halter. At such a time as this
to ask the Senate of the United States to declare
that, instead of death, a perso'n convicted of trea-
son shall be simply fined and imprisoned, is, to
me, I must confess it, " most strange and unnat-
ural." This is the time for the infliction of severe
punishment, of speedy punishment. It is a time
for relentless energy against the common foe.
Instead of this, we have the old punishment of
treason mitigated in the first section of this bill
fmm death to a fine not less than §10,000, and
imprisonment not less than five years. And this
is for treason!
Now, sir, I take the acknowledgment of the
learned Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
to be correct, that the second section of this bill
describes precisely the same crime as is punished
under the denomination of treason in the first sec-
tion of the bill. If you look into it with care you
will see that the nets punished by the second sec-
tion are in and of themselves nothing moie nor
less than treason. We are told by that distin-
guished Senator that a careful pleader in drawing
up ins indictment and chaigtno: an accused per-
son, would notfail to charge him in the firstcount
of his indictmcnt with the crime of treason as de-
fined in the Constitution, thus charging him un-
der the first section of the bill, and m the second
count of the indictment charging him with the
various offenses, if there be various, embraced in
the second section of the bill.
Now, sir, I propose to take another step in con-
sidering this matter. Suppose this skillful pleader,
to whom the learned Senator from New York re-
fers the matter, has drawn up his indictment. In
the first countof his indictment he simply charges
the accused with the commission of treason; that
is to say, that he either made war upon the Uni-
ted States, or that he had adhered to thcireneruies,
giving them aid and comfort. Those enemies, of
course, must be foreign enemies not owing alle-
giance to the United States. In his second count
he charges the same person arraigned at the bar
with the offense or offenses mentioned in the second
section:
That if any person shall hereafter incite, set on foot,
or engage m any tebolhon or ni>unection a^un^t the au-
tlionty ot the United States, 01 the laws thereof, or tsh.ill
give aal or comfort theieto, 01 vhall engage in, or give aid
and comfort to. any such existing rebellion oi insurrection,
and be convicted theieof, ^ucli person shall he punish Pd by
the iotfeituie of all in* poi&oual piopertyof evciy kind
whatsoevet, including chores in acuon, and by the totieit-
uie of his life estate in any ical propeitv of which lie
may be the owner, whcrever^ituated in the* United Slates,
and by the liberation of till his slaves, if any ho have ; and
all such property, excluding slaves, shall be forfeited to the
United Slates.
We are told by the advocates of this bill that it
may be very difficult to obtain convictions in cases
where the punishment is death, and it is for the
purpose of procuring convictions that are not at-
tended with the punishment of death that this
second section is incorporated in the bill. Well,
sir, what will be the result? Here is the accused
person, chaiged in the first count with treason;
in the second count with the offenses mentioned
in the second section of the bill; and, sir, the pun-
ishment aflixpd by the second section of this bill
is not personal at all. It does not even imprison
or fine the accused. I beg to ask my friend from
New Yoik whether, if he ever got any conviction
in any case in any southern State, it would not
necessarily be a conviction under this second sec-
tion?
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will pardon me
a moment, perhaps f can shorten the debate; by
saying that I propose to amend that section, and
put in a personal punishment, at the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, to make it agreeable
to that Senator. I shall make that motion pres-
ently, so that the Senator need not trouble him-
self on that point.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, sir, you have in the
rebel States some two or three millions of rebels.
You go there with your courts and juries. These
trials are to bo had before juries, most, if not all,
of whom have taken part "in this rebellion, wh-o
are themselves traitors. Most, if not all, of the
jurors, will also have been engaged in these same
acts of rebel! ion and insurrection. I ask my friends,
upon any principle of common sense, how it is
they can anticipate even a conviction under the
second section of this bill in a southern State be-
fore such a court and such a jury? It seems to
me, sir, like something else'of which Falstaff
spoke: "it is past praying for." The thing is
idle. It is all moonshine. It is useless to talk
about it. 1 undertake to say that for twenty years
to come you cannot bring about a single convic-
tion of treason in the southern States by a south-
ern jury; and you must try them in the district
where the crime was committed. An act of trea-
son committed in South Carolina must be tried in
South Carolina, and it is not competent for the
court even to change the venue and send the party
to a trial elsewhere. Such an act committed in
Mississippi must be tried in Mississippi;in Geor-
gia, in Georgia; and there you are. It is totally
impossible,as it strikes me, judging from the pres-
ent state of things and the probable state of things
for the future, to expect to find an impartial jury
in any one of these rebellious States, so that it is
out of the question, in my judgment, even to sup-
pose that a conviction in a court ofjustice can be
had m any of these States under this bill, or even
under the old act punishing treason.
Well, sir, if you obtain any convictions they
will, as a matter of coarse, be under the second
section, in which there is no personal punishment
whatever, not even imprisonment for a single day,
not even a line, but simply a forfeiture of all the
property, real and personal, of which the accused
person may have been possessed at the time of the
commission of the act. I believe that is it. It will
be a very interesting state of things to see a Fed-
eral court organized in one of the rebellious States
and half a dozen ragamuffins brought before them
for trial upon charges of treason, not one of whom
may be worth an old hat or even the coat he wears
upon his back; tried for treason, and if you please,
convicted of treason, and sentence pronounced
upon them that they should forfeit all their prop-
erty, real and personal, for all time to come. That
would be a most interesting spectacle for the Amer-
ican Senate to set upon the subject of treason 1
Why, sir, I confess it is entirely too namby-pamby
forme. It is degrading the office of punishment. It
is putnng down the standard which it belongs to us,
as the Senate of the United States, to keep elevated
and high as a protection and guard against the
commission of the highest of all crimes. It is for
that reason, that it is inefficient, that it is totally
useless, that I move to strike it out. I look upon it
as nothing more than a mere tantalization of, as
a mere trifling with, the enemy. They will laugh
at you. They will laugh you to scorn when you
go before them and say you have passed an act
reducing and mitigating the punishment of trea-
son with a view of punishing them. Sir, it is too
contemptible to talk about.
Mr. CLARK. To answer one objection made
by the Senator fiom Michigan, and with the as-
sent of some members of the committee, I move
to amend the section before it is stiickcn out by
inserting in the seventh line, after the woid " pun-
ished,5' the words "by irnpi isonment for a period
not exceeding ten years or."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not say both ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Either or both.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that. One
would seem to be sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose you imprison
him. Do you not then forfeit his property?
Mr. CLARK. If you prefer it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest it to you.
Mr. CLARK. I did not suppose it would be
best. If it will make it satisfactory to you, you
can have it in that way. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator trom j
New Hampshire, to insert in the seventh line of i
the sccond section, after the word 4< punished,"
the words " by imprisonment for a period n,otf
exceeding ten years or;" so that it will read?
Such person shall be punished by impiisonment for a.
period not exceeding ten years, or by the forfeiture of all his
personal property of every Kind whatsoever, &c.-
Mr. CLARIC. Then I will move" to add at the'
end of the section, as part of the same amend-
ment, the words " or both said punishments, at
the discretion of the court." : .
The amendment was agreed to-.
Mr. CLARK. I am notgoingtormakeaspeech.
I simply want to say that 1 agree with all that has
been said by the Senator from Michigan about
the enormity of this rebellion,, but I want the
Senator to bear in mind that wc provi.de by this
bill an additional method of punishing, that re-
bellion. Instead of making the punishment less
severe, by this section of it we furnish a punish-
ment by which some persons may be punished
who would not be punished by the other section.
I know that does not satisfy the Senator from
Michigan. I know what he wants—a much more
efficient bill. I know that he began by declaring
his hostility to this bill. I know that he calls it
namby-pamby; but let me say to the Senator itjs
better to feed on namby-pamby than not have any
food at all, and starve to death. This may be all
the bill he will get. He had better not make it
any worse; he had better make it more efficient
if he wants an efficient bill, than attempt to crip-
ple it. That is what the Senator is evidently
doing—striking out all the different punishments
that may be inflicted for this crime, and then ac-
cusing us ofweakening it when wedesireto make
it more efficient. 1 hope the scction will be re-
tained, and I will give way to have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
to strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no!"] Senators say I had better
withdraw the call, and I will do so.
Mr. POWELL. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I should vote to retain this sec-
ond section hut for that emancipation feature. Of
couise, I cannot vote for any proposition that has
that feature in it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Me^r>. Davis, Howard, Powell, Saulsbury, and
Wilson of Missouii—5.
NAYS—Mew-. Arithonv, Biowning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamoi, Cowan, Dixon, Doolmle, F^^enden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Harlan, ilairis, [icndciscm, Howe, King, Lane
of Indiana, Lane ol Kansas, Morrill, I'oinoroy, Sherman,
Smmion-v, Stark, Siunm-i, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, YVilley, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wnght—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I suppose it is not expected to
proceed further with this bill to-night; and if that
is so, I desire to take up a little territorial bill
that has come from the House, which, I am told
by the Delegate from the Territory, ought to be
passed at once, in order to enable them to post-
pone the meeting of their Legislature. 1 am told
it is necessary that it should be passed imme-
diately. It passed the House at once, because the
propriety of it was conceded to be plain and clear.
1 do not fully understand it, but I hope it will be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator move to postpone the pending bill, in order
to take up that joint resolution from the House?
Sir. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be laid aside in-
formally.
Mr. WADE. Very well; I do not care how it
is done.
Mr, CLARK. Is it a matter of public neces-
sity ?
Mr. WADE. I believe it is, from what, I am
told.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
bill will be laid aside by general consent.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up thejoint
resolution in relation to the lime of holding the
second session of the Logislstivc Assembly ofthe
'Punitory of Colorado.
Mr. POWELL. Before that resolution istaken
up, with the consent of the Senator from Ohio, I
