2174
THE COMrBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
May 16,
will move that when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I object to that motion.
Mr. POWELL. Does the Senator from Ohio
yield to me to make the motion ?
Mr. WADE. I will yield for such a motion
any time, because it has been customary, and I
do not see any reason why we should not take
the sense of the Senate upon that question at any
time, as we have done heretofore, and therefore I
yield.
Mr. POWELL. Then I make the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
had the pending bill laid aside for a matter of
grave necessity, and now yields the floor to a mere
question of adjourning over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Collatner, Davis,
Poor, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, King, Lane of
Indiana, McDougali, Morrill, Pomcroy, Powell, Salisbury,
Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Missouri—23.
NAYS—-Messis. Anthony, Claik, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foster, Harlan, Howe, Lane of Kansas*,
Simmons, Stark, Ten Eyck, Willey, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wright—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY OF COLORADO.
Mr. WADE. I now renew my motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 73) relating to the time of holding the
second session of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Colorado.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read twice by its title and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It dhects that
the second session of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Colorado now fixed by law for
the first Monday of June, 1862, shall be postponed
by proclamation of the Governor of the Territory
until the first Monday of July, 18G*3.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to athiid reading,
read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put, I
wish to give notice that at the proper time 1 shall
move to strike out all of the confiscation bill now
pending after the enacting clause, and insert a
substitute, which I send to the Chair and ask to
have printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no amendment
pending, and it is in order now.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move it now, if it is
in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 desire to move an amendment
to the third section before the substitute is offered.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the order for printing
the substitute will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to
print will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will not
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
Wc really ought to finish this bill to-night. The
Senate has decided to ad journ over to-morrow, and
of course we can do nothing further this week after
to-day. I think, therefore, at (his period of the
session we ought to do some woi k. 1 believe there
has not been more than one day during the session
that we have not adjourned early. We have had
no eveningsession, or attempted to have one. We
have got to a period of the session now where we
ought to be doing something, especially on the tax
bill. I tried to get it up this morning. The Sen-
ate decided otherwise, and of course they decided
wisely. I shall be obliged to call it up on Mon-
day morning again. I understood from the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that he hoped to get
through with this bill this week. 1 think it could
have been done if the Senate had chosen to sit to-
morrow as well as to-day; but as they have not, I
really think we ought to go on with this bill. It
is of more impoitance than going into executive
session to confirm some officer or other who can
just as well wait a few days for the public busi-
ness as not. I really hope the Senate will conclude
at any rate to work a while longer upon this bill
as it is the last of the week. We can sit for an-
other hourbefore we go into executive session and
take up other business. I really feel compelled to
call the attention of the Senate to this matter with
some emphasis. If the Senate, on afull understand-
ing of the matter, think we have time enough and
there is no hurry about this bill and no hurry about
the tax bill either, that all can be done in short
meter at any time, they know better than T do, and
if they so decide, so be it. But I really hope we
shall continue to work a while longer on this bill
at any rate.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to have the
Senate go into executive session for the sake of
confirming any particular officer, if the Senator
means by that expression any military officer. It
is absolutely necessary to the best interests of this
District that certain officers should be confirmed,
in order that a corporation tax may be collected,
which is required to be levied on the 1st of May,
and the confirmation of the officers has gone by.
That is my sole purpose in desiring an executive
session. I have not the slightest interest in these
gentlemen whose confirmation I seek to securc.
As to this bill, I am perfectly willing to go on
with it and sit here as long as any other gentle-
man; but I did not suppose anybody imagined
the Senate was going to pass at one single sitting
upon a question of such magnitude as this—a
question about which all the lawyers and judges
composing the Senate have disagreements in re-
gard to every section, and every section of which
it seems must be discussed—a question, I appre-
hend, involving more important questions than
any that has been or will be before Congress dur-
ing its present session. It seems to me that the
Senate owes it to itself that we should consider
this subject maturely before we pass upon it. )
am willing to take a good deal upon the faith of
the committee who have reported it; but 1 can see
very well we cannot act upon it to-day, and I do
not propose to punish myself by staying here after
five o'clock without any dinner.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question of dinner
is really the question under debate, I have no
doubt. If it is so necessary to confirm these
gentlemen to-night, we can as well do it in five
minutes after we have worked a while longer on
the bill as we can do it now, and then adjourn.
Whether it is done m one hour of the day or at
another hour of the day, provided it is on the
same day, I think will not make any very great
difference; so that, in my judgment, the aigument
of my friend is not very forcible on that point.
As to this particular bill, 1 do not know when
we are to get through with it; but if it is to create
so much debate as the Senator frotnjowa sup-
poses, the more reason why we should keep it
under consideration a while lenger now, with so
much business on our hands. Thus far, the de-
bate has been confined almost exclusively to gen-
tlemen who, par excellence, are the most anxious
for a confiscation bill. They have taken the day
in debate, and they will take as much more time
in debating the measure as they see fit. Of course,
they have a perfect right to do so. But if it is to
be done, I think we ought to spend a little further
time on it, even if wc run over our ordinary din-
ner hour in endeavoring to get at the business of
the country. If Senators decide otherwise, and
think differently, the matter is out of my hands,
and I do not blame myself for it.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senate—that we should woi k a while longer
on the bill to-night. Wc are perfecting the bill;
proposing and adopting variousamendments to it;
and perhaps we can get through, or nearly so,
perfecting the hill, and thus accomplish something
to-day; and then,if a question comes up between
this or a substitute more stringent, we can have
the vote early m the week. I suggest to the Sen-
ators who are anxious for a more stringent bill,
to let us perfect this bill, and go along to-day with
it; and if we are brought to that question, perhaps
the Senator fiom Maine will give way so that wc
can have a vote between the different systems,
and bring the matter early to a conclusion. We
can work on awhile longer, certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. This is, to a good degree, a
question of dinner. Iamwillingtoadmit.it. What
is the condition of things? For four months we
have had a confiscation bill, as Senators term it,
before us. We have had various bills before us;
and finally one has been agreed upon by the select
committee, and called up this morning, and they
propose that wc shall pass it at the first sitting.
I say it is but reasonable that I should ask the
privilege of going home and getting my dinner,
after having been here about this Capitol from nine
o'clock in the morning until five o'clock in the
evening; and I think it is unreasonable to ask us
to sit out a bill of this description, when it has
taken four months for committees of this body to
digest and mature it.
Mr. pLARK. I have not proposed to sit it out.
I have only proposed that we take a while longer,
and see if we cannot perfect this bill so as to bring
it in antagonism with another, if they propose to
present another.
Mr. SUMNER. I have presented another  
Mr. CLARK. I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts has "presented another, which has
been ordered to be printed; and if we go on and
perfect this one by working a while longer, cer-
tainly it will be some advantage gained.
Mr. POWELL. It is very evident that we shall
do nothing here to-day, except talk about what
we may do in the future, and 1 therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted;
and after some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Matj 16, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Bynoj; Sunderland,
D. D., offered the following prayer:
0 Thou divine and glorious King, be pleased
to regaid with Thy favor Thy servants in these
the high councils of the nation. We pray that
Thou wilt pour out upon them the inspiiation of
a heavenly temper and wisdom, and that Thou
wilt giant them grace to discern the things which
are necessary to be determined and decreed in this
momentous period of our history, and so do Thou
do to our armies in the field, that, like as when
Moses prayed upon the hilt and Joshua foughtin
the valley and the battle wentstrongagainsttheir
enemies, so it may be this day against those who
have sought to destroy our beloved country. We
tiemble to-day at their proceedings, when, uni-
tedly prostrate before Thee in fasting and humil-
iation, they pour out their cries to Thee, and make
then* appeals to the God of nations. O Thou most
righteous Judge, we, for ourselves and for this
whole nation, do now here make our solemn
prayers against them. Thou art and Thou shalt
be our supreme and only umpire, and to Thy
swift and oncoming providence do we this day
commit our cause. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THANKS TO THE CAPTORS OF NEYT ORLEANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following messages from the
President of the United States; which were read,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
The third section of the Act further to promote the effi-
ciency of the N<i\y," appioved 21st December, 1861, pro-
vide;; :
"That the Piesident of the United States, by and with
the advice and eon-cut of the Senate, shall have the au-
tiiouty to detail fiom the retired list of the Navy, tor the
command of s-quadrons and single ships, such officers a* ho
may believe that the good of die service requires to be thus
placed in command; and such officers may, if upon the
jecommendation of the President ol'tho United State? they
shall receive a vote of thanks of Congress for their service.*
and gallantry in action against an enemy, bo lestoied to
the active hst, and not otheiwise." *
In conlotmity with tins law, Captain David G. Farraeut
was nominated to the Seriate tor continuance as flag offi-
cer in command of the squadton winch recently rendered
such impoitant bcrvice to the Union by his «-ucce«sfui op-
erations on the lower Mississippi and capture of New Or-
,, leans.
il iiclievuigtliat no occasion could arise which would more
j! fully correspond with the intention of the Jaw, or be more
