3134:
THE COJSTG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
ca«.se I stated their equality in the spiritual sense,
as it is recognized by die Catholic church, it does
not follow that I favor or that any Catholic favors
the doctrine of the political and social equality of
the negro in this country as my colleague tried to
infer. Such an inference is utterly unwarranted.
I never would deprive the negro of his right to wor-
ship God as he pleases. No constitution, North
or South, ever pretended to place him under any
spiritual disability. Our fathers are responsible
for placing him under civil disabilities; and the
Puritan slave traders of the past century are in
part responsible for placing him under the social
ban; and continuing that ban to the present hour.
So much for that. It js a trifling business, but
it seems to have been a matter of great importance
in the mind of my colleague. He has spent three
or four weeks in getting up this reply, and he
comes here to deliver it when we are in the last
days of the session, and while we arc seeking to
draw the public business of Congress to an end.
He frets hus colleague [Air. Ashley] into the chair
so that he may get the floor to deliver a printed
speech, made our of the miserable forgotten stuff of
Ohio personal politics in years gone by. lie lugs
into his speech a phrase about " Sunset," in con-
nection with myself,which was neverapplied to me
opprobriously, but which,athomc, has long ago
bccome obsolete among the lowest scavengers of
his own party. I refer to it to show the animus
of his speech and the slang of its style. No Re-
publican in smy district but will be ashamed of
such an attack upon me. The gentleman ought
to be ashamed of himself. He ought to hide his
head. lie ought not to come here again standing
in the attitude of a man. He is beneath even the
negro whom he strives to place on an equality with
himself. Hecleserves no consideration among gen-
tlemen. No man does,who by such means seeks to
place another in a false position. You ought to be
ashamed of yourself, sir ! [Laughter.] Butwhen
resort is had to such personal scandal, it shows
that the member has about got to the end of his
yarn. He reminds me a little of a story of an old
Yankee lady, who,as she went to bed one evening,
was so thirsty that she drank from a cup in which,
by some accidcnt, a ball of woolen yarn had fallen;
and in the dark she drank yarn and all, but lefta
little of the wool sticking to her teeth. After re-
tiring she began to pick at the wool, and in re-
moving it, she began to draw out the yarn. In a
state of great alarm, as she continued pullingand
pulling out the yarn, she called out, " husband !
husband ! get up, for the love of God ; I believe 1
am raveling and raveling reight emit." [Laugh-
ter.} That is about the conditon of my colleague,
fie js "raveling out" on this negro business.
This attack on my book and his 4' Sunset" epi-
thets show that lie is hanging to the last hair at
the end of the tail of the abolition animal.
Mr. HUTGUIN8 rose.
Mr. COX. No, sir; 1 do not yield to that gen-
tleman. He declined to yield to me to make a
correction as to a fact about printing my speech,
which, if he had permitted mc to make, I should
have taken no further notice of him.
Now, one word as to what my colleague says of
my being for this Union. I want to set that matter
right between us. I can prove from the record that
he has always been against this Union. He has
alwaysbeena revolutionist,and so have his people
revolted against the Federal authority. In times
past who came to Cleveland for the rescue of par-
ties who had defied the Federal authority? Who
marched through the streets of Cleveland with a
banner on which was this inscription: "Ashta-
bula. The tevoluiion of 1776 and the revolution
of]859. Down with the fugitive slave act!" i saw
it printed in your Republican papers at Cleveland
and Columbus. No one dare deny it.
It was his people, whom he correctly represents,
who concealed the scoundrelly confederates of
John Brown. They have always contemned and
opposed the Federal authority. Yet he talks to mc
about my consorting with traitors and rebels! The
gentleman knows very well that in this he did not
.state the ti uih. He knows that from the time I first
entered these Halls until the present, I have been
standing by this Federal Government, when he
was against it and for revolution. He knows very
well that the statement he made about my having
supported Mr. Buchanan, or any of his Cabinet, in
any secession sympathy or act, is not true. He
knows that I stood by Stephen A. Douglas; that
during many long contests here I fought with him
and for his principles. He knows that 1 hold my
seat in this House in consequence of having beaten
a Breckinridge man and a Republican, who, it was
believed, were allied to defeat me,because I wasa
Democrat of the Douglas stamp. He knows that
I never supported Mr. Buchanan or his Cabinet in
any disunion schemes; but that, from beginning
to end, I have been loyal and true to my oath and
to my country.
Mr. Chairman, if I consortia this House with
traitors, I cannot help it; but the traitors are not
on this side of the House. Now, let us see who
is the loyal Union man, the member or myself?
On the 9th of February, 1861, in a discussion be-
tween us on this floor, my colleague said:
" Now, thh> is all that I desired to sav. I am willing that
my constituents shall stand by their rccord, shall stand by
their position. I will stand by mine. L am in favor of the
Union as it is, and as our fathers gave it to us; but I do not
think it can he preserved by sacrificing those very princi-
ples on which it is based. If the cause of liberty is to be
betrayed and crucificd in the year of grace 1861,1 trust that
there will not be found among its apo Ues a betiayer and
crucifier."
He says he is " for the Union, {/"liberty is not
1 crucified.Whatdoes he mean by that? We
know what he means. We understand the kinks of
these gentlemen. He means {f liberty is given to
the negro; he is not for constitutional freedom as
our fathers established it. No, sir, he is not for
this Union except on conditions. He is for it with
an "if" and a "but." He might as well say he is
for the Union if Fremont is retained in command,
or that he is for the Union if there is a tariff on
wool. He is for the Union if so and so is done.
He is not an unconditional Union man. I am.
Now, hear my answer to the gentleman on that
occasion:
" The last remark of the gentleman shows just where he
H. He hays he is foi the Union, but with an ' if and and
qualifying Ids remark wijh the phrase that he is only for
the Union, (if liherty bo. not crucified.y He knows, or
ought to know, that the Union is the only shield of liberty.
But he means, if lie means anything, that, if there be power
in the Government to crush oat slavery, either in the Ter-
ritories or in Stales, then he is for the Union; but he is not
for it if it docs not give that power. He is not for it unless
he can make it tho mftruiiient of hits fanaticism. I say that
i am for the Union, without qualification or condition, now
and all the time. I will do what the gentleman will not—
yield and compromise much for its salvation. The gentle-
man said in his speech, a while ago, that 1 would be for the
Union, provided the Republican party should be crushed
out. I do not know, Mr. Speaker, but that it may be neces-
Kiuy to roll the Juggernaut car over this Republican party
to save the Union; hut I would even be willing to give a
lease of power lor fifty yeais to that partj, if 1 could see
that It would conduct the Government on puneiples like
those of my colleague, [Mr. C<>rwm,J which would pre-
serve the Union. 1 would he willim? to snirender parly
supremacy, if thereby we could keep the old stars and
snipes floating over the national Congress. [Applause.]"
Now, there is this difference between the gen-
tleman and myself. When he talks about my
sympathy with traitors, about my support of Mr.
Buchanan in his traitorous schemes, he knows that
he does not speak the truth, for here is my record
taken from my own lips. My speech against
secession in December, 1860, and my recorded
votes ever since, attest the truth of my statement,
and my unwavering fidelity to my oath and duty.
But l have already taken up too much time upon
this personal question. The gentleman has made
it personal. In conclusion, I say that a man who
can stand up in this Congress and say that he is
for the Union conditionally, whatever condition it
may be, or who would place the destruction of
slavery above the Union, as the Abolitionists here
do, is a man who would commit an overt act of
treason at any time, and he deserves just what the
traitors at the South deserve. He deserves con-
viction, judgment, and execution.
Mr. MORRIS resumed the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. PENDLETON, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ashley reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly a bill in ref-
erence to Sanderson's breech-loading cannon, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER, (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 7, 1862-
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. W1LMOT presented the petition of Thomas
W. Braidwood, praying for a donation of public
lands to such States as may establish schools of
design for the industrial education of women;
which was x*eferred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Mary
C. Fitzpatrick, praying compensation for extraor-
dinary services rendered by her late husband,
John C. Fitzpatrick, as an officer of the Senate;
which was referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of importing
merchants of New York, praying that the act tem-
porarily increasing duties on imports may be so
amended as not to affect merchandise in bond or
on shipboard on the 1st day of August next; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
t REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
^Klr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No.
531) increasing temporarily the duties on imports,
and for other purposes, have instructed me to re-
port it back with amendments. I wish the bill,
with the amendments, to be printed at once, so
that we may have it to-morrow, and I give notice
to gentlemen that to-morrow I shall move to take
U The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill and
amendments will be printed, as a matter of course.
Mr. TEN EYCK,from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill (S. No. 382) in addition to the act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled 1 An act to pro-
vide for the better security of passengers on board
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes,'" approved 30th of Au-
gust, 1852; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the memorial of Thatcher Perkins and William
McMahon, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 381) for the relief of Thatcher Per-
kins and William McMahon; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution:
ResoU'cd% That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish, for the use of the Senate, all orders of the Executive
to Major General George B. MeClellan, relative to the ad-
vance of the army of the Potomac upon Richmond, and all
correspondence between the said General George B. Me-
Clellan and the Executive, from the date of the President's
order to the said General MeClellan to advance upon Ma-
nassas on the 22d of February, 1862, and the 1st day of
May, 18G2, likewise the numerical force of the army of
the Potomac, as shown by the morning rolls on the first
days of November and December, 1861, and January, Feb-
ruary, and March, 1862; the number of troops which Gen-
eral MeClellan took to Fortress'Monroe, the number at
Fortress Monroe, and the number of reinforcements ^up-
plicd him up to and including the 25th day of June, 1862.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of this reso-
lution ?
Mi. HARRIS and Mr. BROWNING. Let it
lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over
under the rule.
ADMISSION OF "WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to throw myself on
the indulgence of the Senate this morning and ask
them to postpone all prior orders with a view of
taking up Senate bill No. 3G5, providing for the
admission of the State of West Virginia into the
Union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will not
be taken up. It seems to me that we are not pre-
pared to act definitely on that subject now. At
any rate there is much other important business,
antl we are approaching what seems to be consid-
ered by most members of Congress the close of
the session, and it seems to me we should not take
up a bill of that character which will certainly lead
to very protracted debate before it can be passed,
