1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3135
if it can be passed at all. I hope the Senate will
not consent to postpone all other business, agd
employ its time in discussing that question at pres-
ent; We may as well have the test question upon
taking it up. If lhat bill is to be taken up and
other business postponed—if that is the sense of
the Senate—the sooner we know it, and are pre-
pared to decide upon itdefinitely, perhaps the bet-
ter. I ask for the yeas and nays on taking up
that bill, and I hope that may be regarded as
decisive of our disposition to go on with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia moves to postpone all prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill for the admission of West Virginia into
the Union, and upon (his motion the yeas and
nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. W1LLEY. I regret very much that the
Senator from Illinois takes the view of the subject
he has expressed. This matter comes before the
Senate, not merely by the certification of the assent
of the Legislature of Virginia, one of the States
of this Union, but it comes with the language of
request and memorial upon the face of the act of
assentitself, soliciting Congress to admit this new
State as one of the United States. It comes, then,
with all the authority of the legislative voice of
one of the States of this Union. It has been pre-
sented here for several weeks; six weeks ago I
submitted it; the report of the committee has been
on the table for some time; the amendments pro-
posed by that report have been printed, and Sen-
ators have had ample lime to look into the ques-
tion and form a judgment on the subject. It seems
to me that the Senate ought not to disregard, es-
pecially under the circumstances, the voice of the
Legislntu re of one of the States of this Union; and
that section of the State which is most interested
in this matter, which it is proposed to erect into
a separate State of the Union, makes an appeal
to the Senate of the United States under circum-
stances which it seems to me ought not to be dis-
regarded at this day. She stands here with her
heart bleeding; with all her industrial interests and
and commercial interests prostrate. She comes
here with her fields desolated, with a heart that
has never flinched in the contest for this Union,
keeping her internal foes, as well as her external
adversaries, at bay. From every quarter and sec-
tion of this newState, I receive letters by the dozen
daily that unless some relief is given to that sec-
tion, the Union men must take their families and
find homes in the West. That will be the result
of the denial of the petition of this State. I say
what I know, and I say it with no view of influ-
encing the Senate by any words of menace. Far
be it from me to use words of menace, if I had the
power so to do towards u body like this; but I
say the result will be—I have the best evidence
111 the world of it—that the leading Union men
and nil who are able to get out of that Slate, for
which we_ have been fighting and bleeding and
standing firm to this day, will inevitably be com-
pelled to leave their homes and their firesides and
seek as best they may an asylum somewhere else.
That, sir, is the fact, and there is another fact I
will mention 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia will pardon the Chair. It is with
great leluctance the Chair feels bonnd to interpose
and to say that these collateral questions to take
up, or postpone, or refer, at this stage of the ses-
sion, do not open the question to general debate.
Therefore the Chair would respectfully suggest
for the government of Senators, every member
being governed by his own sense of propriety
under all circumstances, to confine the discussion
to the appropriate and direct collateral question
before the body.
Mr. WILLKY. I have no desi re to enter into
a geneial discussion. 1 was only suggesting rea-
sons which were forcible to my mind showing the
necessity for immediately acting upon this sub-
ject. I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate in discussing the general question. I wish
to have it taken up and acted upon and settle this
question. The people who have suspended their
business in that section of the State awaiting the
result on this issue will then know what to do.
If they have to leave, they had better leave soon
than late; and if they remain, they can go to work.
1 do trust that the Senate will take it up and act
upon it in some form or other.
Mr. WADE. I am in no condition to argue
this matter, even if it were in order; but I wish
that we might act definitely on this subject now,
because I know the people of West Virginia be-
lieve that it is vitally important that this question
should be acted upon at this session. They fear
if it is not, the time will go by. I do not think
there is anything in it which would lead to pro-
tracted discussion. Every Senator has made up
his mind whether he will go for.it or not, and I
wish we would take it up and decide it. My opin-
ion is, we ought to pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. FOSTER. I suggest that, by unanimous
consent, the call for the yeas and nays might be
withdrawn, and a division asked, and if a major
lty of a quorum vote " ay," that then the ques-
tion be given up, and the vote taken in that way.
I think we shall save ourselves a great deal of
trouble if we consent to that arrangement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, and the Secretary will
call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays IS; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Carlile. Clark, Collnmer, Doolittle, Foot,
Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Kan-
sas, Nesimtli, Sherman, Sunnier, Wade, VViiley, and
Wright—17. .
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler. Cowan,
Davis, Fossenden, Foster, Kennedy, King, McDongall,
Morrill,Powell,Rice,Simmons,TenEyck,Trumbull, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bill and joint resolution; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate :
An act (No. 524) prohibiting the confinement
of persons in the military service of the United
States in the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lunibia, excepting as a punishment for certain
crimes, and to discharge therefrom certain con-
victs by sentence of courts-martial, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (No. 98) authorizing the
Secretary of Warto furnish extra clothing to sick,
wounded, and other soldiers.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives insisted upon its disagreement to
certain amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House (No. 423) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th of June,
1863, and upon its amendments to other*amend-
ments of the Senate, disagreed to by the Senate,
agree to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing; votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Thaddems Stevens of
Pennsylvania, Mr. C. B. Sedgwick of New York,
and Mr. E. B. Wasiiburne of Illinois, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to some and disagreed
to other amendments of the Senate to the till of
the House (No. 393) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government, for the
year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending 30th of June,
1862^ and had agreed to the eighth amendment of
the Senate, with'an amendment; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 379) to
amend an act entitled " An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government thouse of the same for postal
military, and other purposes," approved July 2,
1862.
ADDITIONAL TREASURY MOTES.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 187) to
authorize an additional issue of the United States
notes, and for other purposes, ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and has appointed Mr. Thaddeus Stevens
of" Pennsylvania, Mr. E. G. Spaulding of New
York, and Mr. John S. Phelps of Missouii,
managers at the same an its pail.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 187) to au-
thorize an additional issue of United States notes,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. FESSEND&N, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill disagreed to by the Hou«e of Representatives,
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fessenden, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Wright.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the resolu-
tion of the Senate (No. 89) in relation to the claim
of Carmack and Ramsey; and
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That it be refened to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
ADDITIONAL CIVIL APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the biH of the House (No. 393) making
further appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending 30th of June, 1862, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and the amendment of
the House to the eight amendment of the Senate
to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. FE3SENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, disagree to the amendment of the House to the eighth
amendment of the Senate thereto, and a*k i\ conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thwreon.
Ordered, That the-committee of conference on the part
of the Senate, be appointed by the President pro tempore
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Collamer, Mr. Shlrmant, and Mr. Clark.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 956) for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and maiines
of the United States ships Cumberland and Con-
gress;
A bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of D. G. Far-
ragut;
A bill (S. No. 307) to grant the right of pre-
emption to settlers on certain lots in Wisconsin;
A bill (S. No. 362) in relation to the Post Office
Department;
A joint resolution (S. No. 61) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Louis M. Golds-
borough and officers, petty officers, seamen, and
marines under his command, for the victory at
Roanoke Island;
A joint resolution (S. No. 66) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Worden,
of the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command in the Monitor;
A joint resolution (S. No. 77) for the relief of
the officers, non-commissioned officers, and pri-
vates of the battalion of marines on boaid the
transport Governor, on the 3d of November, 1861;
A joint resolution (S.No. 83) of thanks to Cap-
tain David G. Farragut, of the United States
Navy, and to the officers and men under his com-
mand ;
A joint resolution (S. No. 85) to compensate
the crew of the United States steamer Varuna for
clothing and other property lost in the public
service;
A bill (H. R. No. 540) making appropriations
for the payment of the bounty authonzed by the
sixth section of an act entitled "An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid m en-
forcing the laws and protecting public property,"
approved July 22, 1861, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 529) concerning certain lands
heretofore granted to the State of Iowa;
A bill (H. R, No. 543) relating to schools for
the education of colored children in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 545) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint a deputy col-
lector of customs at Chincoteague Island, in the
State of Virginia;
