1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13.
my friend from Virginia, said most truly that they
did not secede because they thought their title to
their slaves was in danger, but that they seceded
to prevent the rule of northern men over southern
chivalry. That was not the language, but that
was the idea. I know it to be true. When they
had the House of Representatives, and the Senate,
and the Supreme Court, and the President could
not pass any measure or declare any war, or main-
tain and carry on any hostilities without being
under the control of their friends constituting the
majority in Congress, would they have seceded
when they possessed that amount of power in the
Government, if their object had simply been the
defense and protection of their slaves? Never,
never. The Presidency had gone from them, never
to return, and that was the reason why they se-
ceded; and such a cause to produce such a crime,
such a rebellion! Why, sir, when I reflect on
the treachery of the Senators and Representatives
from the seceding States in the two Houses of
Congress, their ignoble and base treachery to their
friends in the border States, it almost frenzies
me; and when I think of the great crime that they
have committed, and of the ruin and devastation
that they have brought upon this whole land,
themselves included; when I reflect that they have
involved us in debt and difficulties and civil strug-
gles, from which there is no certainty that we
shall ever emerge, and all this without any cause,
or with a cause so slight as to amount to no cause
at all; when I consider the mass of crime and of
misery that these ambitious and wicked and mis-
guided and weak men have brought upon our
happy country, (for happy it was at the time they
brought all this upon us,) I can scarcely repress
the expression, even to myself, of the deep curse
that rankles in my heart against the artificers of
such ruin.
As I said on a former occasion, if ever there was
a sentiment, an object, an idea that I have idol-
ized, that has commanded everything I had of
head and of heart, of mind and of soul, it has been
this Union and its perpetuity. I yet hope it will
be restored: I do not hope that it will be perpet-
ual, because no institution or organization of man
has perpetuity. When this continent fills up with
population, and there are two hundred millions of
people on this side of the Rocky mountains, and
fifty or seventy-five millions on the other side, it
must break in two by its own weight; but amidst
that ruin, that wreck of our political world, i hope
still that the great valley of the Mississippi will
ever,amidst thechanging fortunes and vicissitudes
of this continent, constitute one united and grand
empire. We never ought to separate, we cannot
separate; it is against the fiat, the decree of nature.
A separation might ensue temporarily from some
convulsion; but a reunion under the form of civil
government or military despotism would be a great
and inevitable necessity. Our people do not wish
to part; the loyal men of Kentucky never intend
to part with our brothers of the Northwest. Mr.
President, the deep and abiding and indestruct-
ible sense of obligation under which we have been
placed by the heroic sons and daughters of Ohio
and Indiana and Illinois and Wisconsin and Iowa
and Minnesota has made impressions upon our
memories and our hearts that can never be erased.
We bless and pour out to them our gratitude in
our waking moments and in our night dreams.
The whole voice of our land, of men, women, and
children, ascends in orisons to Heaven daily for
their happiness and their welfare, and for eternal
peace and amity between them and us. We want
this golden cord to exist forever. New England
at some day may be detached, as the moon was
said to have been detached from the earth, sun-
dered, disrupted; but I hope not. The distant
country beyond the Rocky mountains will no
doubt at some time constitute a separate and a dis-
tinct and an independent empire, but an empire
speaking our language, peopled by our race, hav-
ing our institutions and our principles of civil and
religious liberty and our history, looking back to
the past as to a common property. They may
rear themselves into a great western imperial em-
pire; but oh ! the vast valley of the Mississippi,
in extent, in fertility, in capability to sustain hu-
man population, second to none on the earth unless
it be the valley of the great river of South Amer-
ica, the Amazon, my prayer is that it shall be the
theater of one continued, perpetual empire of lib-
erty, civil and religious. And that,Mr. President,
is the sentimentof the people of Kentucky. They
have expressed it in their legislative resolutions,
and have returned their thanks to their brethren
of the Northwest for their generous assistance.
I know, Mr. President, that the loyalty of Ken-
tucky, even of the Union men of Kentucky, is
questioned by some Union men of the North. Oh,
what a cruel suspicion! We believe that the Con-
stitution is the bond of our Union. We want no
right that it does not secure to us; we want all
that it does secure to us. Weprofess to be law-
abiding men; and whenever a law is passed, and
is submitted constitutionally to the judicial tribu-
nals of the country, if it is there sustained, we
will acquiesce, unless it brings upon us burdens
too grievous to be borne, and burdens to such an
extent as to authorize revolution; but we never
expect to be so oppressed. We have faith and
confidence and trust and hope in the great mass
of our countrymen. They are mainly just what
we are. If we were to swap positions, and they
were placed where we are, and we were placed
where they are, we should undoubtedly swap
opinions and sentiments. But come weal or come
woe, come protection under the Constitution, or
come oppression under its violation, you will
never see old Kentucky marching from under the
flag of Washington—the stars and the stripes.
She will maintain her position in this Union; she
will fight under that flag; and though she may be
fighting the battle of revolution, that battle will be
to sustain some great essential principle of the
Constitution, and there she will occupy holy and
constitutional ground. A constitutional Union
man has as much right to fight against a violation
of the Constitution as he has to fight against the
disruption of the Union. It would take an ex-
treme case to bring the Union people of Kentucky
to that point. They never expect that case to
arise; they know that it never will arise.
Since I have been here I have formed acquaint-
ances for the first time with many gentlemen from
the northern section of the Union at this session of
the Senate. They sit around me. I have as much
confidence in their intellect, their reason, their soul,
their patriotism, their devotion to the Constitution,
as I have in rtyown. We only view and form our
opinionsfvom different stand-points; and I believe
that if they occupied my stand-point, they would
have the same views and sentiments that I have.
But we intend to be patient with you and of long
suffering; we seek no quarrel; we want no civil
war; we want no disruption uf the Union. We
do not believe that on " sober second thought"
you will ever bring that state of things upon us.
If you do, we will appeal from the action and judg-
ment of the Senate to that of the courts, and we
shall expect there to be sustained. If we are de-
feated in that, if the courts sustain you, the act
must bring upon us grievances and intolerable op-
pression, unendurable grievance, before we shall
ever rear the standard of rebellion. When we are
forced to that, if we ever shall be—but I hope and
believe we never shall be—we would act simply
as all men worthy  f manhood, having the prop-
erties and the qualities that fit them to be free,
would act.
Mr. President, I ask the Senate to take into its
seriousand impartial consideration the case of my
colleague. If he has shown himself disloyal to
th.e Union, disregardful of his duty and of the ob-
ligation of his oath, expel him. I believe as re-
ligiously as I believe that I am now addressing the
Senate, indeed I know, that if the Senate have such
a conviction on their minds, they will remove him.
If they have not, in the name of justice and of the
God of justice acquit him, and letmy Legislature,
at Frankfort, know it, and go homo and attend to
their business.
Mr. WADE and Mr. POWELL addressed the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doolit-
tle.) The Senator from Ohio is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WADE. I do not get the floor with any
idea of making a speech; I wish to move for an
executive session. The Senator from Kentucky
may have the floor, but I am anxious to have an
executive session.
Mr. POWELL. I will move the executive ses-
sion myself after awhile.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. POWELL. If no other Senator desires to
address the Senate upon the pending resolution,
I propose to do so. I must reply to the very ex-
traordinary speech of my colleague; and I hope
to do it briefly, with as much brevity, at least, as
circumstances will permit. If there is, however,
any other Senator who desires to speak, I will
yield the floor to him. I do not desire to address
the Senate until after every Senator who wishes
to speak on this subject shall have done so.
Mr. DAVIS. I noticed the other day the order
that my colleague prescribed for this debate, that
he wou Id hear what e-very Senator has to say upon
the subject and then close the argument. 1 know
of no custom, of no rule of courts, or of bodie#
acting quasi as courts, that allows any man who
is upon his trial the right to conclude the debate.
When my colleague addiesses the Senate, I shall
listen to what he says; and if there is anything
that I think proper to answer, I shall claim my
privilege to answer him.
Mr. POWELL. I do not propose to prescribe
to my colleague the order of this debate. In fact,
it is with very deep regret that I feel compelled
to say anything on this subject. I was perfectly
willing, and so expressed to friends around me,
if there was no debate on the other side, to let the
Senate vote upon the resolution merely on the re-
port of the committee, without saying anything;
but as my colleague has addressed the Senate, I
desire to be heard. ^
I think it proper that I shoula yield to any
Senator who desires to address the Senate on this
subject. That I will do cheerfully. Of course,
so far as my colleague is concerned, he can reply
to me if he chooses; and I shall claim the privi-
lege, if I choose to do it, of replying to him. I do
not expect much favor from my colleague in this
matter; he is my piosecutor; but I rejoice that he
is but one of my judges. I do not propose now
to address the Senate; and I move, if no other
Senator desires the floor, that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow. When that
motion shall be agreed to, I will, in accordance
with my promise, move that the Senate go into
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow us the morning hour.
Mr. POWELL. Very well, I will say one
o'clock.
The motion to postpone the resolution until to-
morrow, at one o'clock, was agieed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 13, I8G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives inquiring as to the pro-
priety of dispensing with regimental bands in the
Army of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
COST OF TRANSPORTATION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in answer to a resolution of the House showing
the average cost of transportation for the last five
years from eastern and southern ports to the Pa-
cific coast; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE -WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement of the appropriations appli-
cable to the service of the War Department for
the years 1860 and 18G1; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
