2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16.
I see no fairer prospect than, at some distant pe-
riod, reached through seas of blood and heaps of
carnage, the forced submission of a crushed and
devastated section, and the equally unhappy spec-
tacle of a Government triumphal! t, but exhausted
by its triumph, detested by a moiety of those
sovereignties that gave it birth, and gazing with
horror and remorse upon the desolation it has
wrought:
Sir, it is not my intention to vent reproaches,
even where I believe them best deserved. I have
risen to enter my protest against the discussion,
in this Chamber, of any anti-slavery scheme what-
ever at this crisis, and to offer an earnest appeal
to this Congress that its legislation shall embrace
every means of securing an immediate peace. If,
as the Government claims, the confederate cause
is hopeless, the leaders of the secession movement
cannot be ignorant of the fact; and knowing it,
they will be naturally inclined to lend a willing
ear to whatever proper overtures this Government
may present. At some period of this struggle
there must be negotiation; it must be resorted to,
sooner or later; why not now?
Is H because pride forbids that we should be
the first to outstretch the hand of conciliation?
Heaven forefend that thousands of human lives
and a country's welfare should depend upon so
false a principle. Is it because the South has
not been sufficiently punished, humbled, and sub-
dued? Then let us confess that chastisement and
vengeance arc the objects of this war. Is it be-
cause the anti-slavery movement has not yet
received a sufficient impetus? If so, go tell it to
the armies that have won your victories. Make
abolition the war-cry. Place a banner with that
device in the vamvard, and lure those armies on
to conquest with it—if you can. Your soldiers
would rend the treacherous ensign into shreds,
and would march to their homes with the same
alacrity that they pushed on with to the battle-
field.
What, then, is the cause that withholds nego-
tiation? You will not parley with armed treason.
But you have parleyed with armed treason, if that
be the word; parleyed for the mere convenience
of an exchange of prisoners, and other purposes
to mitigate the grievances of war. It was your
duty so to do. And shall you not do so to ac-
complish all that your troops arc fighting for—the
reconstruction of the Union.
Let us suppose that the South is anxious to
embrace an opportunity of return, and is with-
held frefm making advances by doubts as to the
intentions of the North. Is it not right that we
should confer with them, that those doubts may
be removed ?
What do the people care for such miserable
punctilios m the hour of a nation'« agony ? Sir, an
honorable peace is within the grasp of this Con-
gress without further bloodshed. This Congiess
knows that it is so, and when the people shall
realize that it is only the infamous design to
strengthen the anti-slavery movement that pre-
vents an effort to obtain that peace, woe to the
chiefs of the abolition party in the land.
But, enough of them. Words are thrown away
upon their stubborn fanaticism. I appeal with
better hope to the loftier feelings that should per-
vade humanity, and especially pervade this au-
gust assemblage; that should, by the nature of Us
sacred functions, be fai removed from the miser-
able ambition of reducing a section of our com-
mon country to the extreme and therefore dan-
gerous condition of despair-
Sir, there may be a fascination in the gory mag-
nificence of war. There may bo a craving for
martial glories in the hearts of men, and an in-
stinct of contention which we share in common
with the brute creation. But if ever there can be
a time when a more Christian impulse should
possess our souls, it is now; now, when the tii-
umph and consciousness of strength give us the
noble privilege of extending the hand of concil-
iation without f«ar of degradation, 01 of self-re-
proach for cowardice. If adversity has been our
excuse for sternness, let success be our plea for
magnanimity. Providence has placed within the
roach of the North agreater triumph than count-
less armed legions could conquer; the triumph of
subduing a brave enemy with a generous and
merciful policy, that will disarm resentment and
rekindle the old brotherly flame that perhaps is
not yet totally extinct. For, after all, they aie
our brothers, sir, and some softening of the stern
Roman rigor which our rulers have assumed is
due to that brotherhood, which, by untimely
severity, may be canceled now forever. There
are gentlemen who will say that the South must
be subdued; that every armed southerner must
throw down fyg weapon and sue for mercy.
Should a freeman ask so much of his brother free-
man ? Would they be worthy of companionship
in our fraternity, being reclaimed at such a sacri-
fice of manly feeling? What would you have
them do? Would you have them crouch and
cringe and strew their heads with ashes and kneel
at your gates for readmission? They are Amer-
icans, sir, and will not do it. No, though Roan-
oke and Fort Henry and Port Donelson should
be rccnactcd from day to day through the lapse
of bloody years, they will not do it. Give them
some chance for an honorable return, or you will
wipe out every chance, and the two sections will
be twain forever. Yes, sir, you may link them
to each other with chains, and pin their destinies
together with bayonets, but at heart they will be
twain forever. They are the children of* the same
heroic stock, the joint inheritors with ourselves
of the precious legacy of freedom; and it seems
a sacrilege and an insult to the memories of the
past, that so many, sir, should sit in your pres-
ence here to-day to goad them on to desperate
resistance, and so few—alas' so very few—to me-
diate and restrain.
Of those few, I thank my God that I am one. 1
am proud to proclaim it here beneath the dome of
the Capitol. I shall proclaim it, here and every-
where, until the wings of peace shall be once more
folded over the bleeding bosom of my country. I
shall proclaim it aloud and honestly, although to
do so would make me the next victim of this cruel
strife.
Sir, it may be said that I speak of pcace, while
its attainment, without further recourse to arms,
remains impossible. But I do not believe it im-
possible. What effort has been made? What
door has been opened through which the passions
and ill-feelings of the contestants might pass out
and reason enter? None. The single idea has been
forced upon the people that theswoid,and the
sword alone, must decide the issue. It has been
pronounced treason to hold an opposite opinion.
Sir, if to have but little faith in the efficacy of the
swoid for joining severed friendships, if to earn-
estly desire peace and to deprecate the horrors of
war, be treason, then am I a traitor; and I am
prouder of such treason than others have the right
to be of their vindictive, flaming, and pretentious
patriotism.
I conjure this Congress, in thenameof our suf-
fering country, m the names of wives that may be
widows, of children that may be orphans, in the
names of gallant men, now stiong in health, and
who to-monow may be stretched in death upon
the gory ground, or writhing, maimed and dis-
figured, with tormenting wounds—in the name of
humanity, that sickens at the daily record of this
terrible strife, I conjure this Congress to seize at
the merestchance that may exist ofapresent term-
ination of this tragedy. Let something be at-
tempted in the spirit of mediation. Sir, the people
will respond to it. They will thank this Congress
for it. They will bless this Congress for any
measure that breathes of the spirit of reconcilia-
tion. They are weary of this war, weary in de-
spite of the excitement of present victory. They
will awaken soon to the consciousness that such
victories are being purchased at a sacrifice that is
terrible to contemplate; that a national debt is
being created, which, in its rapid accumulation,
is appalling—a debt which, if ever paid, will
press like an incubus upon future generations,
stunting the growth and paralyzing the vigor of
our young Republic; or, if repudiated, resting a
blot upon our annals.
And while at home we are groaning with dis-
tress and standing on the verge of bankruptcy, if
we look abroad the spectacle tends only to our
shame. We see the sceptered hands of Europe
' planting their royal banners upon the soil of this
l| western hemisphere, which it is our natural duty
li to consecrate to republicanism, and which we
might at least have guarded from the greed of for-
eign despots. The flag of An agon and Castile
flaunts in the air of San Domingo, and, united
with the blazonries of France and England, is
unfurled upon the walls of Sun Juan d'Ulioa.
Where may they notfloat a twelve months hence,
if we, the natural guardians of this continent from
foreign interference, should still be busy with dab-
bling in each other's gore? Sir, if there must be
war, letit be against the natural enemies of repub-
licanism, and as we have already humbled our
national pride to conciliate the British lion, let us
make some sacrifice to win back in amity and not
to subjugate the South, that we may stand once
again as comrades in arms, to scourge these for-
eign interlopers back again within their proper
limits.
I am no advocate of bloodshed, but if a for-
eign war should be the alternative of submission
to foreign insolence, I trust that I should be among
the last to fall prostrate that the hurricane might
sweep harmless by. To subserve the schemes of
a party, we have already humiliated the American
people in the eyes of scoffing Europe, and it will
be a task hereafter to regain the caste we have
lost in the family of nations. No much greater
evil could befall us than to be forced from the po-
sition we have hitherto assumed towards foreign
Powers. I would not have my country swerve
one inch from any vital principle of her foreign
policy in any emergency whatever. Above all
things I hold dear that national honor which we
have ever, till of late, preserved untarnished.
However gloomy may be the aspect of things at
home, I would have our flag float as proudly as
ever abroad, not even deigning to make domestic
affliction a plea for humility, an excuse for cow-
ardice, or a palliation of national shame. When-
ever the occasion demands that a stand should be
made against foreign aggression, or a rebuke
administered to foreign pride, or a chastisement
inflicted upon foreign insolence, I would have the
gauntlet thrown down upon the impulse of the
national sentiment, without reference to domestic
exigencies, or pausing to measure the stiong pro-
portions of the foe.
In the heat of our private discord, we seem to
have forgotten that our great mission as a people,
is to repubheanize the world, to advance the prin-
ciple that men are capable of self-government, and
to check the progress of monarchy. Sir, we are
losing ground in the fulfillment of that sacred mis-
sion, and monarchy has gained a new foothold,
while we have been weakening our sinews with
intestine stiife. And to what purpose? Is it pos-
sible that gentlemen can hope to reconstruct the
Union by pursuing a policy of unrelenting sever-
ity ? Can they expect to reestablish concord and
brotherly love by pushing hostilities to the extreme
veige? "VVhat is the Union worth without mutual
respect and reciprocated amity to bind the sec-
tions ? W-hat! a Union of unwilling States, driven
into companionship at the point of the bayonet,
and held there hereafter by military power ! Such
a Union would not be worth the shedding of one
brave man's blood. We want their hearts, or
wc want them not at all. And we cannot conquer
hearts with bayonets, although they should out-
number the spears of Xerxes. If not brought
back by negotiation, in the spirit they are gone
from us forever. To conquer them may be pos-
sible. To slay theirsoldiers, lay waste their lands,
and burn their cities may be within our power.
But to hold them in subjection, having conquered
them, would, in itself, be a final repudiation of the
first principle of republicanism. Prosecute this
war until you have accomplished the necessity of
holding a subdued section in subjection, and the
world will look in vain for a republic on the west-
ern hemisphere.
Sir, I love to entertain the hope that our Union
will be restored upon the foundation laid down
by our fathers; and I desire no changes in the
plan of that glorious superstructure. But I am
not so unnatural a worshiper of the Union as to
seek its salvation with the destruction of those
for whose welfare it was conceived; to build it up
upon the dead bodies of my countrymen, when
other means are at hand for its reconstruction. I
would purchase its redemption otherwise than by
anarchy and ruin. I would not fling away the
substance to perpetuate the name. Every drop of
blood that is shed in this struggle will weaken the
keystone of the falnic, for whose sake the blood
is pretended to be shed. One word of conciliation
at this crisis will do more to save the country
than all the achievements, past and to come, of
your victorious soldiery.
Why should not that word go forth, even now,
