194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
passed." I submit, when this resolution now here
is simply to refer back the original resolution, and
respectfully to call to the attention of the military
authorities that they have overlooked the purport
of it, it is not open to the objection stated by the
distinguished gentleman from Kentucky, to raise
committees, or to refer to committees the investi-
gation of military questions.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, the remarks
I made to the House, imperfect as they were, being
prompted at the moment, went upon the ground
that the resolution originally introduced by the
gentleman from New York, and now proposed to
be rereferred, did not merely present the simple
request that the Secretary of War should report
whether any measures had been taken to ascer-
tain who was responsible for that disaster.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. And if so, what?
Mr. EDWARDS. I did not suppose that it
contained that passage; but I have now understood
the gentleman to say in reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, that three answers were admis-
sible to the inquiry that he made—that measures
had been taken, that they had not been taken, and
that it would be incompatible with the public in-
terest to say anything on the subject. As 1 read
the original resolution now, and as it is proposed
to be revived, I think it goes further than that. I
think it justifies the remark of the gentleman from
Kentucky. The original resolution is in these
words:
" That the Secretary of War bo requested, if not incom-
patible with the public inteiest, to report to this House
whether any, and i( any what, measures have been taken
to ascertain who is responsible foi the disastious movement
of our troops at Ball's Hiuff."
This resolution asks merely in reference to the
measure, and the commanding general says that
he does not think that it comports with the public
interest to state anything m relation to it. If I
am to understand the resolution as referring to the
Commander-in-Chief—as imperative upon him to
state what has been clone in the matter—I shall
vote against it. ] hold that it ought not to be
pressed upon his attention again, when he has
stated that ho docs not think tiiat the public in-
terest will admit of a reply.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This resolution, Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me, does not admit of ques-
tion. It has evidently been drawn with caution,
and the gentleman who #bew it must have been
sensible that he was endeavoring to bring before
this House acts of a military character simply.
He has gone cautiously about it. If he has not
entered into this subject he has knocked at the
doors. The tendency of the resolution is subject
to the objection urged, if the matter of it is not.
It leads directly to the assumption of such im-
proper authority by this House. It implies—
"Gentlemen, this is not an inquiry proper to be
made by you; it cannot be answered consistently
with the public service—a military service; if it
concerned your legislative service it would be our
duty to take all the consequences and answer you;
but it relates to our duties; we know that an
answer would be prejudicial to the country, and
it being our business, we must tell you respect-
fully that we cannot answer you without preju-
dice to the country, and we prefer, therefore, to
decline to answer."
I regret that the Secretary of War did not take
a different course with the resolution. When it
was sent to him, instead of sending it to General
McCIellan, it seems to me, with great deference,
the proper course would have been to have sent it
to the Piesident of the United States, and taken
his instructions as Commander-in-Chief. General
McCIellan was no moie the pioper organ to an-
swer the resolution than the Secretary of War
himself was. He himself is a subordinate. The
impropriety of sending it to one of his suboidi-
nates would be obvious. Had it been sent to the
President, the President would have answered you
in a constitutional manner. He is the head of the
military, and he might have communicated an
answer in a message to this House, and that would
have brought the subject up solemnly hero. That
is the course which should have been taken. But
the course which has been taken is calculated to
bring into controversy the name of General Mc-
CIellan, and the propriety of his conduct.
My friend from Illinois desired before I took
rny seat to make an inquiry. I will hear him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desired simply to offer
an amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the Secretary of War also report to this House, if
compatible with the public interest, who is responsible for
the defeat of our arms at Wilson's Creek, near Spiingfield,
and at Lexington, in the State of Missouri.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. It was my purpose
in the first place to vote for the resolution of the
gentleman from New York, upon the ground that
I was taught in the school of those who believe
that the Executive Departments, being created
by Congress, and so far its creatures, are therefore
subject to its supervision and control, and espe-
cially because the present tendency is all the other
way, and I would gladly do all in my power to
check it. A rule of this House, adopted in 1820,
at a time when there were wiser and better men
here—men more attached to the Constitution, and
who understood it better, I apprehend, than it is
now in the days we live in—recognizes the right
of this House peremptorily to t£ direct" the heads
of the Executive Departments to furnish informa-
tion; and for one I am not willing to surrender
that right. It is aright maintained even by the
British Parliament; and it was exercised, if I mis-
take not, during the war in the Crimea, by an in-
quiry into the conduct of the war, and with the
most salutary results. But the gentleman from
New York, or whoever else offered the resolution
on the second day of the session, has ignored that
rule, and chosen to leave to the Secretary of War
the discietion of answering or not, accoiding as,
in his judgment, the public interest might justify
an answer. Therefore, while on principle, but
for this controlling fact, I should have been obliged
most reluctantly to separate from my friends, and
vote for this resolution with those with whom I
am not accustomed to vote; yet, inasmuch as the
original resolution did not diiect the Secretary of
War peremptorily to furnish tins information, I
accept, not very willingly, this justification for
voting, as I shall, against the resolution now pend-
ing. But I rose, sir, not merely to explain my
vote, but to suggest a second time, as I did the
other day, that heicafter all resolutions of a sim-
ilar import should be made to conform to the rule
of this I-lousf, and that the responsibility which
these Executive Departments owe to this House
shall be rigidly enforced. Let us yield not an
inch, especially at a time when executive power,
in its most dangerous form—the military—threat-
ens the civil authorities with utter subordination
if not permanent overthrow. 1 dissent, very re-
spectfully but totally, fiorn the unconstitutional
and dangerous doctrmcs of the gentleman from
Kentucky; and I congratulate the country also,
that gentlemen of the majority are beginning al-
ready, no matter from what motives, to fall back
upon the very principles for maintaining which I
have for months past been falsely and impudently
denounced as an enemy to my country.
Mr. LGVEJOY. I had not anticipated this dis-
cussion in the House at the present time, and I
will not occupy the time of the House at any
length. But I must enter my protest against the
principle presented by the gentleman fioni Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] in regard to the juris-
diction of (he civil authority as related to that of
the military power. 1 had thought there was a
clause in the Constitution declaring that the mil-
itary power should always be subject to the civil
authority. I suppose I am incorrect in my recol-
lection ; but it certainly has always been the theory
ofourGovernment that the military authority was
subject to the civil. We have a right to arraign
not only our generals, but even our President.
We here represent the sovereignty of the people;
and I enter my earnest protest against the idea that
the officers of the Army have the same right to
inquire into and investigate the conduct of the
members of this House as this House has to in-
quire into and investigate the conduct of the offi-
cers of the Army. If it has reached that point, it
is hut a very short step between that position and
an absolute military despotism. 1 cannot, by si-
lence even, give any kind of countenance or con-
sent to a doctnne so unprecedented and perilous
as that. The Army is subject to the civil author-
ity—if not in its minute details, certainly in its
grand movements.
I desire now to say something in regard to the
general subject under discussion, to wit, the con-
duct of the war. 1 do not think that the want of
success in our military operations is owing so
much to this general or that general, to the want
of military skill in this officer or that officer, as
to other causes. Although, by the way, the gen-
tleman deprecates transforming civilians into mil-
itary men, and military men into civilians, I will
say that we have been familiar with such trans-
formations ever since we have been a nation. The
two leading generals in our Army were civilians
when this war broke out—one in California, and
one in Illinois; and a large proportion of the of-
ficers of the Army now were civilians when the
war commenced. This must,of necessity, be so;
and I believe, on the whole, that the civilians are
the best officers, and will prove to be the best of-
ficers; and that the men who have received a
military education are more in the way of the
success of our arms than anything else. That is
my conviction, though I do not wish to blame
any one, or to discuss personal merits or demer-
its. The truth is, if I understand it, our wantof
success in this war is owing to the theory adopted
by this Government in regard to its prosecution.
The Government is holding the Army in a state
of inactivity, for what reason ? Not because the
officers are not skillful and brave, not because the
soldiers are not brave and efficient; but they are
holding this whole Army in this stand-still posi-
tion, and literally making it a standing Army,
upon the same principle that a simpleton men-
tioned, I think, in Grecian fable, stood upon the
banks of a stream waiting for it to flow by, that
he might pass over dry-shod. We are waiting in
the hope—in my opinion a vain and fruitless hope
—that this rebellion will put itself down; that if
we do not hurt them these rebels will return to
their allegiance, and that, too, before a great
while.
If 1 understand it, it is that that is paralyzing
the whole Army of the United States, and bleed-
ing the people of the United States to the extent
of'about two million dollars a day. It is no won-
der that the people are growingimpatient; it is no
wonder that that impatience is becoming earnest
in many portions of the country, and is almost
reaching a point beyond that of passive emotion.
The whole nation is waiting for the Army to move
forward. They have furnished the men and the
money; and why docs not the Army move? It is
because we are afraid we shall hurt somebody if
we light; that we shall get these rebels and traitors
so exasperated that they will not return to their
loyalty, as we hope they will, if we do not harm
them. This fear of injuring the twin relict of bar-
barism is benumbing and demoralizing the whole
Army. You may tell me I do not know how to
make a coat. Very true; but I know when it is
made, and I know when it fits. And though I
may not know how to conduct the details of mil-
itary affairs, I know what results should be brought
about. I know something about a reasonable
time in which battles should be fought; and the
gentleman himself will not claim that we must
stand here always and do nothing, though that
appears to be the position of the gentleman from
Kentucky, and of those who advocate a like pol-
icy.
I say, Mr. Speaker, the whole nation is stand-
ing impatient, trustful, hopeful, yet gradually and
surely losing confidence m the mode in which this
war is conducted. They are standing just as the
old hero, John Brown, stood oil the scaffold—
John Drown, whose soul, thank God, is matching
on. I hope it will get through the whole Aimy,
and then we will not be quarreling about Ball's
Bluff and other defeats. 1 call him an old saint,
hero, and maityr. lie stood there with the rope
round his neck, while General Wise was maneu-
vering his troops — parading them around the
scaffold to look upon the old saint and hero. It
was then that Brown said, " I am not impatient,
sir; but I hope you will not detain me any longer
than is absolutely necessary." That is the way
the people feel who have to be taxed to pay the
expenses of this war, and see their cherished ones
fali by disease and the sword, in respect to the
movement, or rather non-movement, of our troops.
But, Mr. Speaker, to return to that which I
wanted chiefly to say,and that is this: I care very
little about investigating these incidental facts.
The great trouble is that this nation has failed,
and is yet failing, rightly to interpret the provi-
dences of God. Although a reference to any
lusher law or providence may be received here
with a smile and a jeer, yet the truth is that God
is holding this nation, and refusing to allow us to
