3136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7.
A bill (H. R. No. 549) to abolish certain ports
of delivery in the Mississippi valley;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 87) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in
the case of Dennis Cronans;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in
the case of T. S. J. Johnson;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 89) to confirm
the adverse dccisiun of the Court of Claims in the
case of the executor of Louis Warrington and
others;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in
the case of Abraham King, administrator of John
Mandeville;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in
the case of Richard Irwin, trustee of the Me-
chanics' Bank, New York; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in
the case of C. J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann,as-
signees of John McKinnie.
EMANCIPATION IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 351) supplementary to the "Act for there-
lease of certain persons held to service or labor in
the District of Columbia," approved April 1G,
1863.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The first
section of the bill provides that the oath or affirm-
ation requited by the second section of the "act
for the release of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia," to verify
the statements or petitions in writing; before the
commissioners of persons holding claim to ser-
vice or labor against persons of African descent,
freed and discharged therefrom under that act, may
in all cases in which the persons holding claims
are infants or minois, be made by the guardian or
by any other person, whether separately or jointly,
having thecustody, management,orcontrol by law
of the person and property of such infants or mi-
nors; and in all cases in which the persons holding
claims are non-residents of the District of Colum-
bia, or residentabsentees, the oath or affirmation
may be made by their attorney or agent; and in all
cases in which the statements or petitions of persons
in the military or naval service of the United States
shall have been or may be hereafter verified before
any commander of any military post, or of any offi-
cer having separate command of any military force
in the field, or before any captain, commander, or
lieutenant commanding in the Navy, they are to
be received and deemed valid, to ail intents and
purposes, as fully as if the verification had been
or were made before any olfieer competent by law
to take and administei oaths and affirmations; but
the commissinneis are to be satisfied that, at the
time ot the verification, the person making the
same was employed in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States, within the juiisdiction
of a lebelhous State or Tumtory, and unable to
make the oath or affirmation requited, befoie any
officerauthoiized by law to take or administer the
same, holding allegiance to the United States.
The second section declares all persons held,
by virtue of the laws of the District of Columbia,
to service or labor as slaves by prisons actually
resident within the District on the iGth of Apul,
J862, or since that day, to he declared fiee and
foiever released from such servitude, whetherthe
persons so held to muvjco or labor were, by the
act of their respective claimants, required to per-
form service or labor wilimi the DUttict, oi else-
where within the United States.
The thud section declares fiee all pei,soils held
to service or labor under the laws of any State,
and who at nny time since the 16th of Api tl, lt>(W,
by the consent of the pei son to whom such service
or labor is claimed to be owing, hav e been actually
employed within the District of Columbia.
Th-'fourfh section proposes to authorize the
President of the Umt'.d States to appoint, by and
with the ad Vice and consent of the Senate, a so-
licitor of the commission appointed under the act
approved April J(i, looO, with a compensation at
the rate of sxM)!.1!) per annum.
Mr. GRIMES. The Suiator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] has asked me what is the pur-
pose and scope of the bill under consideration. It
will be remembered that, when the President of
the United States notified the Senate of his ap-
proval of the act of the 16th of April last, eman-
cipating slaves in this District, he stated that he
had some objections to it, on the ground that the
rights of femes covert, absent persons, minors,
&c., were not saved. The first section of this bill
is designed to cover cases of that kind; and it pro-
vides that where persons were out of the country,
officers of the Ar.my or Navy, or idiots, or minors,
or persons who are laboring under any disability
of that kind, shall have an opportunity to come in
and prove their claims to property of this descrip-
tion within a time limited.
The second section of the bill, as the committee
propose, is intended to cover cases of this kind:
it has been discovered that there are some persons
who have been held as slaves whose owners are
in arms against the country; there is nobody here
to represent those owners; and it is impossible,
therefore, for those colored persons to get any evi-
dence of their manumission or their emancipation;
and it is provided that, if any person having claim
to the service or labor of any person or persons
in the District of Columbia, by reason of African
descent, shall neglect or refuse to file with the clerk
of the circuit court the statement or schedule re-
quired by the ninth section of the act of April 16,
1862, it shall be lawful for the person or persons
whose services are claimed "to file such statement
in writing or schedule, setting forth the particular
facts mentioned in the ninth section of that act,
and the clerk is to record the same; and the clerk
is then to prepare, prescribe, and deliver the cer-
tificates, as described in the tenth section of that
act, to such persons as shall file their statements.
I understand that there are several cases—I am
so informed by one of the commissioners—where
this description of persons are claimed by persons
now in rebellion and beyond our reach.
The next section declares that all persons who
are held to service under the laws of any State,
and who at any time since the 16th of April have,
by the consent of the persons who have held
them, been forced to labor in this District, shall
be free. I suppose that is the common law at any
rate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia propose to
amend the bill by striking out the second section.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I see that
the committee have inserted two very excellent
sections, but they propose to strike out the second
and fourth sections of the original bill. I do not
see the necessity of that. The second section of
the bill was intended to cover the cases of persons
who were held to service or laborin this District,
resided here with their masters, but have been re-
cently hired out m the neighboring States, espe-
cially the State of Maryland. There are cases of
such persons whose names have not been returned
by their masters, and who have no remedy un-
less we give it to them. 1 piescnted a petition a
short time ago in relation toonecaseof tins kind—
the petition of a person born in the District, held
here to service, who had always lived here until
recently, and was hired out over the line a few
months a^o. I think the commissioners ought to
construe the law to cover those cases, for in my
judgment the law should beconstiucd in fuvorof
personal rights; but there is seme doubt about it,
and hence the necessity forlegishition on the sub-
ject. I have talked to some of the commissioners
in legard to it, and find that theie is doubt on the
question. I think that section of the bill oughtto
htand, notwithstanding the dissent of the leport of
tin1 committee. The fourth section of the bill pro-
vided tor the appointment of a solicitor, with a
compensation at the rate of ^2,000 per annum.
My ov, n opinion is that a good solicitor would
save to the Government of the United States fifty
or one hundred thousand dollars under this act.
1 have not a doubt about it. Thete is already
evidence of the fact that the Government is being
cheated. There will be a great deal of cheating
of the Government, and some cases will be paid
for that ought not to be paid for; and a good, act-
ive, thoruugh-going solicitor would defeat those
cases. 1 believe that is so; still I am not stren-
uous about that section: but it does seem to me,
unless the committee have excellent reasons for
it, that the second section should be retained.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state the reason why the
committee recommend the striking out of that sec-
tion. As I understand it, the purport of that sec-
tion was this: that if a person had been held to
slavery in the District of Columbia prior to the
emancipation act, and had been sent by the man
who claimed to be his master out of the District
prior to the passage of that act, then under the
law he should become free. We did not believe
we had that power. He was held as a slave under
the law of the State of Maryland, to which he had
been sent, and we did not suppose we could legis-
late for the State of Maryland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on striking out the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee further propose to amend the bill by adding
the following new section:
Sec. —. Jlml be it further enacted, That if any person
bavins claim to the service or labor of any person or persons
in the"District of Columbia by reason of African descent,
shall neglect or retuse to file with the clerk of tlfe circuit
count of the District of Columbia the statement iti writing
or schedule provided in the ninth section of the act ap-
proved April 16,1862, to which this is supplementary, then
it shall be lawful for the pet son or persons, whose services
are claimed, as afoiesaid, to file such statement in writing
or schedule setting forth the particular facts mentioned in
said ninth section; and the said clerk shall receive and re-
cord the same as piovided in said section on receivingfifty
cents each therefor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make an inquiry
about this matter of the chairman of the commit-
tee. If I understand it aright, the former act pro-
vided, by a provision inserted on my motion, that
the owners of slaves should have no claim unless
they filed a descriptive list, and thereupon, on the
filing of that list, the certificate of manumission
should be issued by the court. If the masters fail or
neglect to do that, they can have no claim; they do
not make any, and the proposition is that in such
a case the colored person may file the descriptive
list, and thereupon shall have a manumission cer-
tificate.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the purpose of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the chairman
whether this provision would not enable any fu-
gitive slave from abroad coming into this District,
to file this certificate, pretending he was owned
by a person in this District, when he never had
been, and obtain a certificate of manumission
without the court ever passing on the subject at
all, or knowing anything about it, and thus create
trouble for them and for other people, and do them
no good. To guard against that, ought there not
to he a provision that when the blacks file these
descriptive lists, saying that they belong to A,
B, and C, that those should be passed upon by
the commissioners in some way or other; that
they should decide whether these people ought to
receive manumifssion papers or not, and not make
it the duty of the clerk, with nobody to check it
whatever. Colored people from all parts of the
United States may get here and obtain certificates
from the clerk. They may claim to belong to
John Stokes, or somebody else, when there never
was such a person here, perhaps, or if there was,
he never owned them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment to insert this sec-
tion.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mi. GRIMES. Do the Senate vote to strike
it all out >
Mr. COLLAMER. I so voted, perhaps mis-
takenly, and I will state the ground on which I
dnl it. If the committee will arrange this section
in some way so that the commissioners shall pass
upon these certificates of manumission, it is all
right; but if they do not arrange it in that way,
I do not want that section. It will do harm, and
no good.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In order to
give the chairman of the committee a little time to
consider this matter, I should like to make a re-
port from a committee «f conference. It will take
but a few moments to have it acted upon, and will
give gentlemen a little opportunity to arrange this
bill so as to make it satisfactory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
receive a report from a committee of conference as
a privileged question.
PAY OI? AUMY OmCISRS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I submit the
following report, which I ask may be read.
