THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PBOOEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 8, 1862.
New StfftfEs.....Nb.-197.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the t w© Houses on the amendments to the bill (S. No. 175)
to define the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate adhere to their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the said bill; and that the
House adhere to its disagreement to the Senate's amend-
ments to the House amendments to said bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will ex-
plain the condition of this bill. It will be remem-
bered that the Senate passed the bill some three or
four months ago. The House added several sec-
tions as amendments to the bill, and sent it back to
the Senate. We agreed to some, and disagreed to
others; but it was found that we had in the body of
the bill, to which both Houses had agreed, one or
two provisions which, owing to the change of af-
fairs in the country, and owing to various circum-
stances, it was important should not be enacted
into a law. In order to have the bill corrected,
made perfect, and in accordance to the general
wishes of the two Houses as nearly as possible,
we had a committee of conference, and we agreed
to disagree, and we have framed a bill nearly
every provision of which has received the sanction
of both Houses, with one or two slight modifica-
tions. We have framed a bill that the committee
has unanimously agreed to. We have reported
a disagreement on the old bill, with a view of let-
ting it drop out of the way, and of passing the
bill which I hold in my hand as a substitute. We
are anxious to have it passed to-day to reach the
House, as it is Monday, a day on which they caa
get it up easily, and pass it without any opposi-
tion. I think they can; and I think we can pass
the bill here. It is a bill that I think we shall all
agree to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Has it been printed?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It only con-
tains the provisions agreed to by both Houses in
the other bill, leaving out certain provisions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
Senatot state what provisions were left out.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. One section
of the old bill contained a limitation in regard to
the number of paymasters, which was sent here
early in the session at the urgent request of the
Paymaster General, who stated that he had one
hundred and forty-nine paymasters, and wanted
to reduce them to one hundred and twenty-five.
But by the passage"of a bill facilitating the sending
homo of the pay of the soldiers, we have imposed
upon the paymasters nearly a double amount of
work, and they have been compelled to add twenty-
five to the number. That section is stricken out.
Then wc had in the bill another section which
both Houses had agreed to, and which a com-
mittee of conference, of which the Senator from
Ohio was a member, have agreed to on another
bill in regard to pensions. It was very important
to pass it, and at the time we thoughtitimportant
to put it on this bill; but as it is in another bill,
and in the same form, we do not want to pass it
in this bill.
Then there was another section of the bill in
which both Houses agreed in regard to the stand-
ard for the raising of volunteers, requiring the
same standard they have in the Army; but we
thought, under the present circumstances of the
country, when it is very important to get volun-
teers, that it was not best to insist upon that stand-
ard. We have stricken that out also, and a few
other little things of that kind; but the bill con-
tains twenty-two sections, embracing provisions
that we have generally agreed to, and I think it
ought to be passed immediately.
Mr CLARK. The Senator will allow me to
inquire if there is anything in this bill that was
not m the other.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
but one section that we have any dispute or doubt
about; and that was the section in regard to the
Adj utant General *s office, which the House passed
by a verj? strong votfc, and insist very strongly
upon. The Senate did not express its opinion
about it, though it was discuseea here, ana there
197
was some difference a hour it; and as we had a
separate bill on that subject, rather than embar-
rass this bill, we consented to let it go by. When
it went back to the House, they were very stren-
uous in retaining it. I believe it is a good pro-
vision, and that it ought to pass.
Mr. GRIMES. That raises the rank of twelve
officers, and increases the number.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It increases
one or two; but I will say to the Senator that in
the presentcondition of the Array it is impossible
to fill that office up properly from lieutenants. We
have used up nearly all of our lieutenants by their
having been made into captains, and this requires
the taking hereafter of captains instead of lieuten-
ants. J#
Mr. GRIMES. You make majors of some.
Mr. WILSON,ofMassachusetts. Wetakecap-
tains and make majors of them, instead of taking
lieutenants and making them captains.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire if
there is any limit on the number of paymasters
now?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
no limitation in this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there in any bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that there is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would prefer that there
should be a limit. We know how it has been
generally 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The laws
of the country limit them now. The laws author-
ize the appointment of one paymaster for every
two regiments; and they have not that number nor
half of it, and they can get along without going
to the extent of the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the House and Senate
both agreed to limit the number of paymasters
to one hundred and twenty-five. That is found
to be too few. Would it not be best to limit it
somewhere, not to leave it so as to have as many
as one for every two regiments? It seems to be
conceded that that number is not needed. I wish
the Senator would put in the bill a provision limit-
ing them to say two hundred, or any number.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We shall
have two other bills on which we can put a pro-
vision of that kind if it is thought best to do so
on reflection; but I think it had better not be put
on now,because this bill has been generally agreed
to, and I would prefer that it should not be
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference. The bill alluded to, and under dis-
cussion, is not yet before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee have disagreed on this subject; and I move
to lay the report of the committee of conference
on the table.
Mr. SHERMANand Mr. FESSENDEN. The
report had better be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that the proper course is to concur
in the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. That aban-
dons the bill, does it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatendsthe
bill.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now ask
leave to introduce the bill of which I have spoken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent
to introduce a bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 383) to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes; and it was read twice by
its title.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill beconsidered. It has had the unanimous
sanction of the committee, who studied it, and
nearly everf provision in it has had the sanction
of both Houses of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can lie done
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. I have consented two or three
times to such things being done and always re-
gretted it. The bill can be passed just as well
to-morrow as to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the duty
of the Chair to announce the special order of the
day, being the bill (S. No. 200) to establish pro-
visional governments in certain cases. It was
assigned as a special order for this day at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that be post-
poned for the purpose of considering the bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts. It is a very import-
ant bill, and it has been passed upon by both
Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. The special
order is a very important bill, and I hope We shall
dispose of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will only take a short
time to get through with the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think that bill had better
be printed. There will be probably no objection
to passing it, and I think we can do it to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can pass it in the
House to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And so they can to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not so well under their
rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they are unanimous for
it, there can be no trouble in passing it at any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the special order for tins hour.
It is under the control of a majority of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw that motion
if the Senator from Illinois means to object to this
bill, because it is unwise to postpone the special
order for it when one objection will carry the other
bill over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why cannot the House
pass it without waiting for us?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They have
not got the bill to act upon. We have the bill, and.
can pass it to-day; but if it does not pass to-day,
I fear there is an end of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; it is not an end
of it.
Mr. WILSON; ofMassachusetts. I have been
working a fortnight trying to get thi§i bill through,
when I ought not. There is but one section on
which there is a dissenting voice in the Senate, and
on that I have no doubt that Congress is fourfifths
one way, the House of Representatives being al-
most unanimous on that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I insist on my motion to
postpone if there is to be no objection to that bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire what is the
question before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is the special order of the day,
which is the bill (S. No. 200) to establish provis-
ional governments in certain cases, and the Sen-
ator from Maine moves to postpone the consider-
ation of that subject.
Mr. DAVIS. X merely wanted to ascertain if
there was any question before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. -I cannot consent that that
bill shall be passed until it has been printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill be printed.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I hope the
bill will be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made. The bill presented by the Senator
from Massachusetts will be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred:
A hill (No. 557) in relation to preemption claims,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
A bill (No. 524) prohibiting the confinement of
persons in the military service of the United States
