1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
us. It is the parable of the wheat and the tares.
That parable was intended to teach us tkateviland
good are sometimes so intermixed that the evil
cpnnot be eradicated withoutdestroying the good,
and that in such cases it is better to spare the
evil for a time for the sake of the good. There
isa profound philosophy as well as Christian char-
ity in that simple parable. Our Saviour did not
recommend the policy which is so vehemently
urged by the gentleman from Illinois, that the
tares should be immediately pulled up; but ad-
vised delay until the harvest, lest the wheat should
be rooted up with the tares.
- The gentleman from Illinois, and those who
cooperate with him in radical measures in this
House, cannot wait for the evils of slavery to be
removed by time and the progress of events—no,
they must seize hold of the tares and destroy both
wheat and tares in their mad efforts to carry out
their schemes. Conceal it as he may, he is for
making war directly upon slavery. Conceal it
as be may, he would turn the six hundred thou-
sand soldiers, who have volunteered to preserve
the integrity of this Union and the authority of
our Government, into a wild crusade for the over-
throw and extinction of slavery. Now, let me
tell him that if such a purpose had been pro-
claimed by us at the commencement of this war;
if this Government had proclaimed such a policy;
if he had been at the head of the Government, as
he suggested—and thank God he is not, and not
likely to be 
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is not so certain.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DUNN. If the policy suggested by the
gentleman had been adopted instead of having six
hundred thousand soldiers loyal to the Govern-
ment in the field, he would have had only ail in-
significant band of John Brown sympathizers at
his heels.
I believe, sir, that slavery has received from
this rebellion its death blow. All we have to do
is to give it time to die.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My time is expiring, and I
must rfsume the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to make a few more remarks. I have been in
Congress three years, and have not occupied the
time of the House three minutes at any one time
before.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman's remarks
will not be taken out of my time, I have ho ob-
jection to his going on.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; not unless I am
allowed time to answer the gentleman.
Mr. DUNN. Does the gentleman decline to
yield?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I must, as my time will not
permit it. lam glad to find the gentleman so well
read in the New, as also in the ancient Sacred
Writings. I remember the parable very well. My
votes referred to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky shows that I have acted on this principle
of sparing the tares for the sake of the wheat; and
1 wish to say that the harvest has already come,
and that now is the very time to separate the taies
from the wheat. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to give him the interpretation of his paiable:
"38. The field is the world: the good seed are the child-
ren of the kingdom ; but the tares are the children of the
wicked one.
" 39. The enemy that sowed them is the devil: the har-
vest. is the end ol the world ; and the reapeis are the angels.
" 40. As therefore the taies aie gathered and burned in
the fire; K0 shall it be in the end nt'tliis world.
"41. The Son of man shall send forth Ills angels, and
they shall gather o\u ot liN kingdom all things that ofl'end,
and them which do iniquity;
" 42. And shall e:w them into a furnace of fire : there
shall he wailing and gnashing of teeth.
" 43. Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun, in
the kingdom of their Father. Who hath ears to hear, let
bim hear."
I can fancy conservatives, when this band of
angelic reapers are sent forth by the Son of God
to burn up the tares, starting up appalled, and
saying, " Lord, don't be in a hurry, I am afraid
you are too radical!"
Now, I do not know by what authority the
gentleman says that, conceal it as I will, I want
to make the war simply an anti-slavery war. I
deny it. I do not conceal that I want slavery
crushed and ground to powder, and scattered so
that two particles of it can never come together;
but what I want is, that we shall not stop the
progress of our victories and the advance of our
arms because we areafraid of hurting slavery;and
I tell the gentleman it is not fair to try to change
that issue for something else. I am in favor of
no wild scheme; I never voted for any wild scheme
since I have been in this House; and I tell the
gentlemen lie slanders the six hundred thousand
men who compose our Army when he says they
want to fight the battles of slavery, or that they
have any sympathy for oppression. So far from
it, the soldiers almost universally desire to destroy
that which their instincts tell them feeds and fat-
tens the rebellion.
Mr. DUNN. I never said that.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I supposed the gentleman
meant that, " conceal it as he will." I know that
this is a pro-slavery rebellion, for it is nothing
else. Slavery and rebellion are identical; and free-
dom and loyalty are identical; and those slave-
holders who are truly loyal will soon become
Abolitionists, for that is the logic of their posi-
tion; and they will see, as I see, that slavery must
perish; and pro-slavery men will be secessionists.
The Union men of Kentucky and of the border
States will thus be divided, the sheep from the
goats, and the harvest will come to them then. I
simply insist upon this one point, that we are
fighting this war for the Union, and that slavery
shall not stand in the way of our progress.
Now, if I have any more time, I yield it to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman and the
House will allow me a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I arise for the purpose of
trying to put a stop to this debate, after saying
two or three words myself, for the purpose of
getting at something which it is important should
be passed to-day. This subject could be post-
poned until another day without spoiling.
Mr. DUNN. Will notthegentleman yield now?
Mr.STEVENS. No,sir; butl will to-morrow.
Mr. DUNN. I do not want the floor to-mor-
row.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not going to discuss
this question by following the gentleman from
Kentucky, and allowing myself to be drawn into
a debate about irrelevant matters. I merely wish
to state the proposition before the House, and
ask a vote upon it. The proposition is, not to
raise a committee of investigation to investigate
anything which has been done by the Army; not
to ask any of the Departments to say what they
have done, unless they deem it for the public good
to tell us; but to ask them whether anything has
been done. If they say nothing has been done,
and that they deem it improper to do anything at
present, it will be a full answer. I agree with the
gentleman from New York, that the reply sent to
us is not an answer to the resolution of the House.
I do not believe there was any intention to evade
an answer, but I believe the reply was made
through inadvertence; and I believe further, that
the Houseowes it to itself to get a direct answer,
and that is all the resolution proposes. I do not
see upon what ground any man can vote against
that. The resolution asks nothing that is im-
proper.
But suppose the purpose of the resolution was
to get at facts for the purposeof investigation, are
we to believe in the horrible and abominable doc-
trine of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] which was nothing else than that this
House dare not inquire into the manner in which
this war is conducted, and dare not inquire whether
our officers are doing their duty or are traitors?
Has it come to that, that this body is a mere au-
tomaton to register the decrees of another power,
and that we have nothing to do but to find men
and money; I protest against that doctrine as
having no foundation in thegeniusof our institu-
tions, and no foundation in the Constitution. By
that Constitution no other body is intrusted with
the power to declare war than the Congress of the
United States; no other power is intrusted with
the duty and the right to raise armies and navies,
to raise supplies, and to make rules and regula-
tions for both, but the Congress of the United
States. Then are we to be told that we dare not
inquire what our agents are doing; that we dare
not inquire what those officers we have breathed
into existence, and whom we are feeding and
clothing, are doing, and whether they are injuring
the nation or whether they arc in union with the
enemy? Why, sir, it is the doctrine of despotism,
better becoming that empire which they are atr
tempting to establish in' the South, and which I
have no doubt a monarchy would soon be estab-
lish'- d to succeed.
I have nothing more to say except solemnly .to
protest against that doctrine as having ho shadow
of foundation in the genius of our institutions
or in the Constitution itself. These arguments
will be profitable. Much eloquence has been dis-
played here. Some things have been said which*
strike sadness to my heart. I have seen what !
have sometimes suspected, that at last many dis-
tinguished men of the border States would rather
see the Constitution and the Union go down than
to see slavery abolished, if it came to that alter-
native. Sir, we have just given twenty thousand
men to defend Kentucky,and to support slavery,
I suppose, in preference to the Union, if that al-
ternative is presented. I do not wonder that
gentlemen hold that doctrine. They have a per-%
feet right to hold that doctrine. It is my right,
however, to repudiate it.
Mr. MALLORY. What gentleman from Ken-
tucky has avowed the doctrine the gentleman
speaks of?
Mr. STEVENS. I could put no other con-
struction upon the reply of tne gentleman from
Kentucky over the way [Mr. Wickliffe] to the
question of the gentleman from Illinois. 1 do not
wonder that those inhabiting the border States
hold such a doctrine with their attachment to
slavery; I do not wonder that gentlemen across
the lines in the free States hold very much the
same doctrine.
Mr. DUNN. Does the gentleman impute to
me any such doctrine?
Mr. STEVENS. I thought from what the
gentleman said.he had a tenderness for the negro.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia imputes certain sentiments to one of the Rep-
resentatives on this floor, from the State of Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] saying,as I understand
him, that that gentleman preferred the preserva-
tion of slavery to the preservation of the Consti-
tution and the Union. He then intimates that 1,
living also on the border, sympathize wiib the
gentleman from Kentucky in that feeling. Iam
glad of the opportunity of saying to that gentle-
man that I do not exalt slavery above our Con-
stitution; that I would make no sacrifice of our
Constitution to preserve slavery, and that I regard
the preservation of the Union and the perpetua-
tion of our present form of Government as far
more important to me, to the people of my day,
and to the generations yet to come, than the pres-
ervation of slavery. But I do not believe this Gov-
ernment is to be perpetuated,or thatthese institu-
tions can be handed down to posterity, if, instead
of adhering to that policy which we proclaimed
to the world at the commencement of this contro-
versy, we now cut loose from our moorings, and,
instead of struggling for the preservation of the
Government, make this a war upon slavery. I
tell you that if the general emancipation of slaves
is to be our policy, our Union is forever gone,
and.there is no redemption for it. We might still
have a Union of the free States—a great anil pow-
erful Union—a Union which would, in time, throw-
its shadow over any other confederacy on this
continent; but as to restoringthe Union as it was
two years ago, it is impossible, if we make this
a war upon slavery. With four millions in bond-
age, with all the value of that property, as it is
called, interwoven with every other interest in the
South, and forming the support alike of old age,
middle age, widowhood, and orphan childhood,
the attempt to blot it out of existence by a fierce
foray on the part of the Government is as wild
and chimerical a scheme as ever entered the brain
of a madman.
I am for maintaining the authority of the Gov-
ernment. If slavery stands in the way, slavery
must get out of -the way. I would strike down
every interest that opposes the peace and pros-
perity of our country; and if it is necessary to
confiscate the slaves of rebels, let them be con-
fiscated. If the abolition of slavery comes as the
result of this war—not the object or the purpose
of it—then let the blame rest on those madmen
who have dragged slavery into the bloody arena.
If a man invites his friends into hischinashop,and
raises a row with them, he must not complain if
in the melee his best wares should be broken. So,
