1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3139
wherever, within the territorial limits of any of
the United States, the constitutional authority and
laws of the United States are or may be resisted
by arms during the present rebellion, the Presi-
dent of the United States may," &c.
The amendment Was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten, after the
word " government," to insert " forsueh State."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve, after
the word " such," to strike out the words " dis-
trict or districts as he may in like manner determ-
ine, and the limits of any district so established
shall be subject to such modifications as may be
found necessary and expedient by him," and in
lieu thereof to insert, " State, as hereinafter pro-
vided;" so as to read, " establish a provisional
government for such State, to exercise the pow-
ers granted by this act within such State, as here-
inafter provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, to
strike out, after the word "them," the words
" who shall constitute the provisional court of the
district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
five, after the words " United States," to insert:
And not interfering with the laws and institutions ex-
isting in s>uch State at the time its authorities assumed to
array the same against the Government of the United States
further than shall be necessary to carry into effect the pro-
visions of this act.
Mr. SUMNER. Icannotconsenttothatamend-
ment. It seems to me that that is going very far.
A government organized by Congress, and ap-
pointed by the President, is practically to enforce
Jaws and institutions, some of which are abhor-
rent to civilization. For instance, I have before
me^n extract from the Revised Code of North
Carolina; and I will read one of the provisions
which the Governor, under this act, will be called
upon to enforce. I say called upon to enforce.
The language of this amendment is, that there shall
be no interference with the laws and institutions
existing m such State at the time its authorities
assumed to array the same against the Govern-
ment of the United States. Of course, therefore,
the Government must enforce these laws and in-
stitutions. Here is one of them:
11 Any free person who shall teach, or attempt to teach,
any slave to read or write, the use of figures excepted, or
shall give or sell to such slave any book or pamphlet, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof, if a white man or woman, shall be fined not less
than §100 nor more than $200, or imprisoned; and if a free
person of color, shall be fined, imprisoned, or whipped, not
exceeding thirty-mne nor less than twenty lashes."
Sir, that atrocity will be found set forth in the
Revised Code of North Carolina, chap. 34, sec.
82. But., sir, lest this law should bo of no effect
by employing slaves as school teachers, we have
the following additional:
u It shall not be lawful for any slave to teach, orattempt
to teach, any other slave or free negro to read or write, the
use of figures excepted."—Chap. 11)7, sec. 31.
The punishment of slaves for the above offense
is whipping repeated for every act. Then, sir,
here is another section which the Government en-
forces under this statute:
" If any person shall willfully bring into the State, with
an intent to circulate, or shall willfully circulate or publish
within the State, or shall aid or abet the bringing into, or
the circulation or publications, within the State, any writ-
ten or printed pamphlet or paper, whether written or printed
in or out of the State, the evident tendency whereof is to
cause slaves to become discontented with the bondage in
which they are held by their masters and the laws regula-
ting the same, and the fiee negroes to be dissatisfied with
their social condition and the denial to them of political
puvileges, arid thereby to excitc among the said slaves
and ftee negroes a disposition to make conspiracies, insur-
rections, or resistance against the peace and quiet of the
public, such person so offending shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and on conviction thereof shall, for the first offense,
be impiisoncd not less than one year, and be put in the pil-
lory and whipped, at the discretion of the court; and for
the second offense shall suffer death.''-—Chap. 34, sec. 16.
Here is another provision:
'' Ifany free person of color shall preach or exhort in pub-
lie, or m any manner ofrLiate as a preacher m any prayer
meeting, or other association for worship, where .slaves of
dillerent families are gathered together, he shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor 5 and on conviction, shall, for each
ofFensae, leceive not exceeding tlurry-nine lashes on the
bare back.'*—Chap. 107, sec. 59.
Then here is anofter:
" If any person shall willfully carry or convey any slave,
the property of another, without the consent of the owner.
or the guardian of the owner, with the intent and for the
purpose of enabling such slave to escape out of this State
from tfie seryice of his owner, the person so offending shall
suffer death."— Chap. 34, sec. 11.
I have read enough, sir. This will show you the
statutes which, under the amendment now moved
by the Judiciary Committee, are to be enforced in
the name of the Republic of the United States by
its constituted authorities in courts organized by
Congress.
Sir, the bare statement of the ease is enough.
It is impossible to consent to any such thing. In
organizing these governments, all that we can do
is to protect life and property, and generally to
conduct the machinery of government. We can-
not go further, and protect institutions which are
already an outrage to civilization. I therefore
move to strike out the words " laws and institu-
tions, " and insert simply the word " constitu-
tion;'5 so that the clause will read, "and not in-
terfering with the constitution existing in such
State at the time its authorities assumed to array
the same against the Government of the United
States."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the amend-
ment reported by the committee, by striking out
of that amendment the words "laws and insti-
tutions, " and inserting in lieu thereof the word
" constitution." The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, the object of the
bill is not to change the legislation of the States.
Itis toestablisha temporary government, to exe-
cute the constitution and laws of the rebel States
during the interval that may occur between the
time when the rebellion shall be suppressed, and
when those States shall beable to reorganize them-
selvesand shall be restored to theirproper position
in the Union. The bill contemplates asimple, effi-
cient, temporary government. For that purpose it
is necessary that there should be some legislative
power conferred upon these officers; but I should
be very unwilling toclot he these officers with power
to change the entire body of laws of those States.
I think it would be very improper, and I think it
would be very pernicious in its effect. While I
should be glad to see slavery abolished, while I
expect to see slavery abolished, I do not want to
see it abolished by any such system of legislation
as this amendment contemplates, for it really goes
to that. I am notin favor of it. I do not think it
is the mode of abolishing slavery.
Mr. SUMNER Whether slavery shall be
abolished, is one question; this is quite another.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Massachu-
setts wiil notice the fact that the provision to which
he objects in this section of the bill relates orcly to
the legislative power conferred on the Governor
and judges. There is nothing in the bill that re-
quires the executive power conferred upon thn
Governor by this bill to execute those obnoxious
laws to which he has been referring. This refers
exclusively to the legislative power conferred 011
the Governor and judges, and provides that they
shall not have power to alter the laws and insti-
tutions of these States. It refers exclusively, as
I have said, to the legislative power conferred.
There is nothing in the bill that requires the ex-
ecutive power conferred by this bill on the Gov-
ernor to execute these obnoxious laws. He may
execute them, perhaps, as it is said the military
Governor of North Carolina is doing, but if a
proper man be appointed, he will not execute
them. So far as this bill is concerned, it leaves
that an open question. There is nothing in the
bill, I repeat, that requires the Governor to exe-
cute these obnoxious laws.
Mr. SUMNER. The argument of the Senator
from New York is very precise. He says there
is nothing in the bill that requires the Governor
to execute these obnoxious laws. Now, if I can
have the attention of the Senator one moment, he
shall see whether he is right in that statement.
The language of the bill is " that the executive
power shall extend to all such acts as may be ne-
cessary for the due enforcement of the laws."
Then in this same section the Senator from New
York representing the committee proposes to add
" not interfering with the laws and institutions
existing in such State at the time its authorities
assumed to array the same against the Govern-
ment of the United States." Thus, sir, according
to the very amendment of the Senator from New
York, the laws and institutions existing in such
State at the time its authorities assumeu to array
the same against the Government of the United
States are embraced among the laws of the State,
and the executive is bound to the due enforce-
ment of the laws. I wish { could see this other-
wise. The Senator from New York knows very
well that I am friendly to the bill, that I want
it to pass. I believe it important that it should
pass.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Senator, whether
striking out the words which he proposes to strike
out will alter the effect in the direction which he
aims at ?
Mr. SUMNER. That question has occurred
to me.
Mr. COLLAMER. This clause is about legis-
lative power. The executive power will remain
the same if these words are out.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; but my
object is, if possible, to prevent any words from
being introduced i nto the bill that shall, as it were,
step out of the way to confer on the executive this
extraordinary power.
Mr. COLLAMER. These words do not relate
to the executive.
Mr. SUMNER. I know that they do not re-
late to the executive in form; they relate to the
legislative power. The Senator is right; but they
do enumerate laws, they specify laws, and they
add the word " insututions"also. I may be mis-
taken in the interpretation which I put upon the
clause. I do not wish to exaggerate it. I should
rather see it as Senators see it if I could; but look-
ing at it most carefully, and with a desire to per-
fect the bill, I do think that we shall err if we in-
troduce those words into the amendment as moved
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, I will make a suggestion
which has been made to me by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] It may obviate his diffi-
culty if we insert in the thud line, after the word
" laws," the words " of the United States;" so as
to read, " the executive power shall extend to all
such acts os may be necessary for the due enforce-
ment of the laws of the United States."
Mr. SUMNER. That is a very important
suggestion.
Mr. HARRIS. And then there is a clause that
" the legislative power" shall extend " to all sub-
jects of rjghtfu! legislation not inconsistent with
the Constitution and laws of the United States."
The Senator has overlooked that provision.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I am aware that
this amendment is strictly applicable to the legis-
lative power; but my idea is that when it under-
takes to use the language "laws and institutions,"
those words would relate back to the word "laws"
in the third line, with reference to the executive.
Mr. HARRIS. Add there the words " of the
United States."
Mr. SUMNER. Adding the words "of the
United States" would perfect the section very
much. I hope these words may be added.
Mr. HARRIS. I shall move that at the proper
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Massachusetts, to the amendment of the
committee to strike out the words, "laws and
institutions," and insert " constitution," upon
which they^as and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I will withdraw that amend-
ment, and let the Senator from New York move
ins.
The 'PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom Massachusetts may withdraw his amend-
ment if there be no objection. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS. Then, before we proceed with
the other amendments, I move to insert the woi ds
" of the United States" after the word " laws,"
in the third line; so as to read, " the executive
power shall extend toall such acts as maybe ne-
cessary for the due enforcement of the laws of the
United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will not do to
insert those words. That would limit the exec-
utive simply to the enforceraentof the laws of the
United States. We want him to do something
more than that.
