mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
owly thatthe.Goyernmentwasprotected in relation
to money advanced, but that unfaithful and dis-
honest officers should not be retained in office for
one hour. The Government officers should have
dismissed this defaulting officer at once. In not
doing so there was bad faith towards these sureties
on the part'of the Government.
There is another proposition to which I wish to
c&H-the attention of the House for a moment. In
common honesty and fair dealing, I ask whether
thisGovernmentorjany other party may take ad-
vantage of its own wrong* Shall that be permit-
ted in this.-.-Government by the sanction of this
House? Shall we, when we have placed money in
the hands of a man who squanders it, when we
have,placed money in the hands of a man who is
a defaulter after we have been persistently impor-
tuned not to do so by these sureties, shall we then
turn around and make them pay that money? Is
that acting in good faith ? Is it honest on the part
of this Government?
Mr. I3LA1R, of Pennsylvania. Is it honest on
the part of these sureties to go upon the bond of
such a person, and then, when lie has been a de-
faulter to the Government, to come here and ask
that they shall not be held responsible?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania hasasked meaqnestion which
I am happy to answer. If the gentleman will
show me that these sureties were aware that this
man was dishonest when they went his security,
then, sir, I will not ask that this bill shall be
passed. Until that be shown, until it be proved
satisfactorily to this House that the sureties knew
that this.man waadishonestat the time they went
upon his- bond, the objection of the gentleman
from- Pennsylvania will not apply. The sureties
had the* right to believe, from the reputation that
this man bore at the time, and from the fact that
tho Government intrusted him with this office,
that he would, discharge his duties honestly and
faithfully. But at the time it was found ho was
a defaulter, he had become the pet of the Buch-
anan Administration, and they were determined
to place money in his hands for the purpose of
having him carry 011 a paper in the city of Chi-
cago for the defense of that Administration. If
gentlemen will look into this matter, they will find
that there is a curious secret history mixed up
with the retention of tins man Pine 111 office.
They will find that the Government resisted all
efforts made to prevent money being placed in
the hands of this defaulting officer. The Gov-
ern mentpersisted in placing money in his hands,
notwithstanding these sureties strongly protested
against it. It was necessary to put this money in
his hands to establish a Buchanan Administration
organ in the city of Chicago, and it was done re-
gardless of protestations from whatever quarter.
Mr. Speaker, 1 believe this is as meritorious a
case us ever came before Congress for relief. I
wish to call the attention of the House to another
point. I do not know whether the legal effect of
a protest like that made by these sureties is so
welt settled by the decisions of the courts as gen-
tlemen assume to bo the case upon this floor.
There was a ease in New Yoik where the courts
gave relief, and it was a case not materially differ-
ent from this. The postmaster of New York was
found to be a defaulter to a large amount, and he
absconded; and my recollection is that the courts
decided that because the Government had notice
of his defalcation,and still permitted public money
to be placed in his hands, the securities should be
relieved from all responsibility. There is a dif-
ference among jurists in regard to this legal de-
fense; but there is 110 difference as to the injustice
of requiring the securities to pay under such cir-
cumstances. In order that relief may be afforded
in this case, I hope that the pending bill will be
passed; and, m order that tins man Pine shall
take nothing, by implication or otherwise, I move
the adoption of the following amendment;
Provided, however, That nothing herein contained *hall
in anywise havo tho utfret to icUuvo the s-aui Pine from his
liability therein, or any judgment, which mav be itieuired
thereon against him.
Mr. HOLMAN, Does the bill propose that ,
the credit should be on the judgment itself? i
Mr. KELLOGG, of Llimois. The judgment is I
against the securities only, and upon the payment
of the balance it is proposed to remit this amount,
with the proviso that it shall in no way effect the
right of recovery against Pine.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can you, in law, release a
part of the sureties without releasing the whole?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I entertain no
doubt but that by the action of Congress it can be
done. If there is no one who desires to discuss
this matter further, I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. After listening at-
tentively to this discussion, I have not been able
to comprehend the precise ground upon which the
gentleman from Illinois rests the justice of this
claim; whether it is that the President of the Uni-
ted States did not remove Pine from office, or
whether it is that the Secretary of the Interior
remitted money, or caused money to be remitted
to him, after his default had been notified to the
Department? I have had occasion long ago to
observe that no department of the law is more
shadowy and imperfectly defined than that relat-
ing to the liability and equities growing out of the
acts of agents of this description. It appears to
mc that this case is almost precisely analogous to
that before the House two weeks ago—the case of
a postmaster in Columbia county, New York—
which came up upon the report of the same com-
mittee, (the Judiciary,) and which, if my recol-
lection serves me, the House voted down with
singular unanimity. It seems to me that there is
no attempt in this case to charge the sureties with
any liability which they did not undertake when
they signed the man's bond.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Blair]
has put the inquiry, whether they did not delib-
erately sign Pine's bond, and whether, if he was
a dishonest man, they did not undertake to guar-
anty tne integrity and fidelity of a dishonest man.
It seems to me it is too late in the day for them to
come forward and plead the dishonesty of their
principal. If there is anything in the liability of
sureties for the fidelity of public officers to their
trust, and tf that liability is to be enforced in any
case, it appears to me that this is precisely the
case in which itshould be done.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
from New York apparently attributes to mo the
charging Pine as being a dishonest man. In illus-
tration, I said if they put money into the hands
of a dishonest man, and he squandered it, the
Government, knowing him to be of that character,
should not take it upon themselves to recover the
money of the sureties. I will say to the gentle-
man, and to my friend from Pennsylvania, that at
the time Pine went into that office, I presume
from his general character, that almost any man
that knew him, would have been willing to have
gone his surety; and I wish expressly to state that
I do not make any imputation on the character of
Mr. Pine, except as to this transaction. So far
as 1 know, and I believe such to be the case, his
character with this exception is without reproach;
but he proved to be a defaulter, or a tool of an
Adinimstiation which did not heed the warning
voice of the surety.
In relation to its similarity to the case to which
the gentleman referred, I have to say that I was
not m the House when that case was voted down;
but I understand it was voted down upon the
ground that it was an effort to recover money
which had been voluntarily paid; and that the dis-
cussion which sprung up related to the right to
recover money voluntarily paid. I know, from
my own recollection of the case in committee, that
the notice in that case was not so strong as it was
in this, and thattheie is no comparison between
the two cases, in reference to the knowledge
brought home to the Department, that the man
was a defaulter, and that he was squandering the
money of the United States.
Mr. P. A.CONKLING. The gentleman will
allow me to remind him that there are live sureties
upon the bond, and it is not pretended that more
than two of them gave any notice to the Govern-
ment. Of course the effect of the bill will be to
release the whole of them. As I understand the
gentleman now, he places the case upon the fact
that notice was given to the Department by these
two sureties, and therefore that they should he
released; and furthermore, that this man Pine was
a tool of a corrupt Administration.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suppose my
friend does not profess to be a lawyer.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Upon that point 
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
does, he will pardon me for the suggestion, be-
cause I thought that when two sureties give notice
it is abundant notice, for all purposes, of all the
sureties; and it was because thegentleman doubted
it, that I assumed that he was not a lawyer. But
if he is, I take that all back. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Aneoaa, tinker, Baxter, Biddle,
Bingham. Bitflinton, Caiveit, Cutlt'r, Delano, Eliot, Fes-
senden, Good), Gianger, Gridor, Gurley, Ilooper, William
Kellogsr, Knapp, Law, Leary,Lovejov. IVIallory, May, May-
nard, Menzte^, Justin S. Mouill, Noble, Nngen, Pendleton,
Timothy G. Phelp.>, Pike, Alexander II. Kiee, Richardson,
ttohm<-oii, Segar, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Wadsworth, 12. P. Walton, Albeit S. White, Chilton A.
White, WieklilTe, Wilson, and Wood—45.
NAYS—McNsrp. Babbitt, Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Ja-
cob B. Wair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Biown,
Campbell, Case)', Chainberhn,Colfax,Fiederick A. Conk-
hng, Ros-eoc ConJvhng, Covode, Cravens, Davvos, Duntap,
EdwnuN, Ely, ILnght, Ilanehett. HariNon, Hotmail, Hor-
ton, Hutchm?', Julian. Lansing, Loomis, McKnight, Mc-
Phei.-on, IWooihead, Odell, Olm, John S. Phelps, Porter,
John H. Rice, Riddle. Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sloan, John B. Steele, William
G.Steele, Stratum,Train,Tumble. Trowbudgc, Van II0111,
Veriee, Wall, Wallace, Chmles W. Walton, and Win-
dom—5o.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. BLAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANKLIN N. CLARK.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Franklin N. Clark; which was laid on the table,
and ordeicd to be printed.
MARY C. CLAIRWATER.
Mr. GRIDER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse roport upon
the petition of Mary C. Clairwater, of the State
of New York; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
HANNAH BATES.
On motion of Mr. GRIDER, the Committeeon
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of Hannah
Bates, and" that the same, together with the ac-
companying report, be transmitted to the Secre-
tary of the interior for adjustment.
WILLIAM B. MATCIIETT.
Mr. OLIN. I am directed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to report a bill for the relief
of the Rev. William B. Matchett, in the volunteer
service, and as 1 shall ask the llouse to put it
upon its passage, I ask that it be read.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. OLIN. I will explain in a few words the
substance of the report m this case.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the reading
of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are so many claims
of the same character that 1 must object to its
consideration now.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
J. B. MERWIN.
Mr. OLIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of J. B. Mer-
win; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. OLIN. I ask permission to put that bill
upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will withdraw his objection. This is cer-
tainly a meritorious case.
Mr. HOLMAN declined to withdraw his ob-
jection.
