3140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnly 7,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest that the proposition of the Senator from
New York is not yet in order. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment reported by
the committee; and any amendments proposed
now must relate to that. The Senator proposes
another amendment, in another clause of the sec-
tion, which is not in order while the amendment
reported by the committee is before the Senate and
under consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say a word in re-
fard to the committee's amendment. I think we
ad best not adopt it in the shape it is, although
I agreed to the amendment in committee. I was
for it in the committee; but since I have seen the
operation of these laws i n the southern States, and
the manner in which persons acting in behalf of
the United States undertake to execule them, I
have changed my opinion in regard to the propri-
ety of such a clause as this, and 1 agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts. I cannot consent
by my vote, and 1 never will consent by my vote,
to give sanction to a law that punishes a man for
teaching another to read the word of God. Wo
know that in the southern States they have laws
making it a penal offense for any person to teach
a negro, free or slave. We know that recently in
the State of North Carolina schools have been
suppressed. We know that within a few years
past persons have been imprisoned in the south-
ern States for no other offense in the world than
undertaking to teach human beings how to read.
I am not for interfering with the general laws in
the southern States; but in adopting this provis-
ionalgovernment, made necessary by the peculiar
condition of things, and to exist only so long as
the people in those Stutos refuse to organize a
government in obedience to the Constitution of the
United States, 1 do not wish to be made a party
to the enfoicenient of any laws of the character
indicated by the Senator i'rom Massachusetts. I
think it would he well not to interfere with the
general laws of these States, or the general admin-
istration of justice in these States, with the general
habits and customs of the people; I think it would
be very desirable that the officers who shall be sent
temporarily to exercise authority m those locali-
ties which shall bo brought under the jurisdiction
of the United States by the force of our arms,
should conform, so far as possible, to the settled
habits and customs and laws of the people; but
still, to insert a clause here which shall prohibit
this provisional government for the time being
from doing anything that may interfere with such
inhumnn and barbarous laws as those we have
been referred to, 1 cannot agree to.
It will not do to say that this is a legislative au-
thority. It. is Ihe duty of the executive to exe-
cute all laws. That is what ho is for; and it is
advocating, in my judgment, a very dangerous
doctrine to say that the officer charged with the
execution of I he laws may himself disregard them.
I think the safety of our institutions and the safety
of our Government depend on our respect and
reverence for the law, and that the executive of-
ficer should be required to execute a law as it is
written, it is not for him to dispense with the ex-
ecution of one law and rigidly execute another.
The executive power should be exorcised for the
purpose of executing fairly all laws, and ho is as
much bound to execute tho.se to which reference
has hern made as any othei, if the section stands
ns it ix. I think it would not do to limit the execu-
tive to tlie execution only of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, because, in order to preserve tiie peace
of society, in order to carry out the purpose of
this bill* you must have some other laws than the
laws of the United Slates. The bill it&elf provides
for a legislative power with authority to pags laws
which shall extend to all subjects of rightful le-
gislation. The laws which this legislative power
enacts will not be the laws of Congress, and shall
not the executive enforce them? They will not
be the laws of the United States, and it would be
inconsistent to provide in the bill for a legislative
body with authority to enact laws, and then pro-
vide that no law should be executed which the
legislative body enacted. I hope that the amend-
ment of the committee will bo disagreed to, unless
it can be framed in a way that will exclude the
particular class of laws to which allusion has been
made, although I was friendly to the provision
originally, and am friendly now to a provision
which snail require the execution generally of the
laws which were in existence at the time that the
rebellion broke out. #
Mr. TEN EYCK. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I think the difference of opinion which
we have already seen manifested here goes very
far to establish the fact of the impolicy of the bill,
altogether. 1 myself doubt the expediency of this
bill. I think it will do more harm than good, and
am inclined to vote against it on its final passage;
and I shall avail myself now of a few minutes of
the time of the Senate to put upon record the views
which influence my action and will determine my
course when I come to vote on the bill finally.
In my judgment we cannot so amend this bill
as to steer clear of the embarrassing difficulties
that rise up in our path as we progress. In en-
deavoring to do one thing which is to be for the
benefitof thecountry, we are stumbling into errors
which will result to its disadvantage and injury.
1 think the whole policy of the bill is upon a false
basis. In my view, States in rebellion, as the south-
ern States now are, are still States of this Union, as
much to-day as they were when they became so
by their admission into the Union; and that no act
of insurrectionists or rebels can change the legal
character or status of these States from that which
they were entitled to and enjoyed prior to the com-
mencement of the rebellion; and that to recognize
any other doctrine acknowledges at least the
power, if not the right, of secession. It is against
this very heresy, or against this enormous crime,
that we are now expending hundreds of millions
of dollars and offering up hundreds of thousands
of precious lives. Under our futme of government
there can be no such thing as secession. The
Union was meant to be perpetual, and if such a
thing as secession in fact exists, it is because the
Federal Government bar* not sufficient force to
compel obedience to its powers.
In my.view the people of a State constitute the
State; that the State is not constituted by a mere
ideal outline or boundary of territory; for if the
territory be devoid of people, it surely cannot be
a State. The people, then, constitute the State;
and 1 hold that if there be one hundred or ten true
and loyal Union men in one of these insui tection-
nry States, although all the rest are rebels and
deserve destruction, they constitute the State and
are entitled to all the blessings and all the immu-
nities of their State governments under the Consti-
tution; nay, more, the Government of the United
States, by the Constitution, is bound to protect
them in their State government and to maintain
them in a republican form of government. This
can be done; and by the course which may be
pursued, and has already been pursued, we steer
clear of ail these constitutional and other difficul-
ties, all these difficulties respecting policy, all these
matters which alfect ourfeelmgs, our sympathies,
and our sense of justice and of right. We may
establish temporary or local control over these in-
surrectionary States, as we have already begun to
do and are now successfully doing in the State of
Tennessee, by the appointment of a military Gov-
ernor, who, armed with the whole power of the
General Government, as the agent of that Govern-
ment puts down rebellion and enforces the laws,
so far as they can be enforced under such an anom-
alous state of things.
This bill, as proposed by the Senator from New
York, and as it is reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, merely contemplates a temporary
necessity. Sir, the lemedy should be summary,
speedy, and also tcmporaiy in its character. This
bill provides for a provisional government in a
State, as against the State government. It frames
and organizes an antagonistic government to the
State government which the true and loyal people
living in those insurrectionary States have the
right to have maintained for their protection and
benefit. 1 cannot see my way clear in voting for
a bill, or to pass a bill establishing a separate, in-
dependent, distinct, and an antagonistic govern-
ment to the one established by the people them-
selves, and which the Government of the United
States has guarantied to perpetuate and maintain
tor the benefit of the people living within those
Suites^and so far as I know and believe, there is
not a single State in the Union now in the rebel-
lion—not even the State of South Carolina her-
selt—where there are not hundreds, and perhaps
thousands, of Union-loving people who desire to
return to their allegiance, and will lmil the day
and the hour when the power of the General Gov-
ernment shall be so far established over them as
to protect them in their rights and protect them
from the wrongs and aggression which have been
heaped upon them to the scandal of a Christian
people, and to the great scandal of the civilized
world.
This bill, as reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, involves all the machinery of a territo-
rial government, and m fact reduces these States
to a territorial condition. It implies permanency,
the establishment of a permanent government, not
for all time, but a government with all the ma-
chinery of an executive branch, a judicial branch,
and a legislative branch. Although there are cer-
tain guards and restrictions attempted to be thrown
over the different departments of this new kind of
government by the bill as reported, yet Senators
want to change it and vary it and modify it to suit
their own purposes, all of which may be very hu-
mane, just, honorable, and beneficent, but all of
which bring us into difficulty, and will bring the
people—the true and loyal people who constitute
the State, and who are entitled to the protection
of their State government—into difficulty and con-
fusion . It contemplates a Governor, a judiciary,
and a Legislature, all strangers to the district, to
enact, decide upon, and execute laws without re-
sponsibility to any one or any power, not even to
Congress itself, as is generally the case with ter-
ritorial governments.
1 do not mean to occupy much time on this ques-
tion. I merely wish to submit my views aboutit.
According to my notion, this kind of govei nment
sought to be established by this bill is altogether un-
necessary, uncalled for, and unasked for. When-
ever the Federal Governmentis sufficiently strong
and shall have advanced its power within the lim-
its of the districts now in rebellion so as to main-
tain the authority of the territorial government that
we are seeking by this bill to establish, then the
power of the Federal Government will be suffi-
ciently strong in those localities to maintain the
State government which those people are entitled
to and which theyhaveestablishedforthemselves.
There can be no necessity for the passage of a bill of
this kind, I repeat, foi as soon as the power of the
Federal Government is established within those
districts to such an extent as that they may main tain
a government and Legislature and" judges there,
they may maintain and support the State power
there. They will doubtless find enough Union-
loving people there of whom to make Governors,
judges, and members of the Legislature, m the reg-
ular and usual way.
JYIy advice is not of much importance, I know;
but 1 would ask the Senate and Congress to leave
this matter to work out its own cure. The condi-
tion of affairs is novel, anomalous. The rebellion,
although things look a little blue«sometimes, is be-
ing put down; the authority of the United States
is being reestablished over these insurrectionary
and rebellious districts; and as ourarmsprogress,
if some little machinery of Government should
be put on foot and established while the State gov-
ernment is in abeyance, let that government be
one established under the military power, by the
Executive, such as has been established in the
State of Tennessee by the appointment of Andrew
Johnson a<? Governor of that State. I apprehend
the example furnished us by the course of things
in the State of Tennessee will be an apt illustration
of what we have a right to expect in other States,
and will justify us, too, in relying upon that
course of procedure m order to establish a gov-
ernment for the protection of the people thus cir-
cumstanced; and by leaving things to take such
a course as that, we get rid of all the difficulty,
all the controversies, all the evils, all the errors,
and all the bad consequences which must neces-
sarily flow fiom our attempting to follow a path
which is untrodden and untried in the midst of
scenes and circumstances such as have appalled
the world and shocked the common sense of all
mankind.
I have maintained the same opinion now upon
this subject that I did in the Committee on the
Judiciary. I am opposed to any attempt to tinker
with a bill of this kind, anS I am opposed to any
bill of the kind, because I think it is unnecessary,
and that it will do far more mischief than any good
that can be realized from it.
Mr. POWELL. I was very much pleased with
the general tone of the speech of the Senator from
New Jersey. I heartily concur with him in the
