1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3141
position he takes, that this bill should not become
a law. There was one sentiment that fell from
the lips of the Senator from Illinois that I most
heartily approve; and that was, that we should
reverence the law. I have been taught to believe
that there was no liberty save in the supremacy
of the laws; and I will now ask the honorable
Senator from New York, who introduced this
bill, to show me the clause in the Constitution
that will warrant or authorize its passage. The
Constitution is the fundamental law which we are
all bound by solemn oath to support; and if that
Senator will allow me, I will say that in my judg-
ment there is no clause of the Constitution that
will authorize the passage of this bill. We cer-
tainly cannot exercise, in a legislative body,any
powers that are not conferred upon us by that
instrument. The very first article of the Consti-
tution declares that " all legislative powers herein
granted shall be vested in a Congress of the Uni-
ted States." We then have no legislative powers
except such as are granted by that instrument;
and I hold that whenever the legislative depart-
ment or the judicial department claim the exercise
" of power, and they are challenged, they must
show their warrant in the Constitution, or a law
made in pursuance of the Constitution. I trust
the honorable Senator from New York will give
me his ear, and that he will not attempt in any
way to avoid the point that I make, but will come
up and show us the clause m the Constitution that
authorizes the passage of this bill.
Mr. President,in my judgment this bill in every
featureofitisunconstitutional. Thereis no power
vested in Congress to declare sovereign States
provinces. This bill does that virtually. There
is no power in this Congress to declare that the
people of a State of this Union shall not govern
themselves in all matters touching their local and
domesiic affairs in their own way by Legislatures
elected by themselves, and by Governors and
judges chosen by themselves. There is certainly
no authority under the Constitution for us to do
these things. Why, sir, this bill absolutely re-
duces States in this Union to provinces, as has
been well said by the Senator from New Jersey;
it overthrows, so far as legislation can do it, the
whole State machinery; it governs them by an
executive and legislative department, and sends
them judges not chosen by themselves, not ap-
pointed in pursuance of their constitution or
their laws, but appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. X would ask my worthy friend
from New York what he would do with the clause
of the Constitution which says that the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican forirvof government? Does this bill
do that? No, sir; it divests them of every possi-
ble form of republican government. I hope we
all understand what is meant by this clause in the
Constitution. A republican form of government
is one in which the people shape their own do-
mestic policy in a manner thatsuits them,so that
it is not in contravention of the Constitution of
the United States. There are some limitations
and restrictions in the Constitution on the States;
but save and except the restrictions in the funda-
mental law of the land, the people of every State
of this Union have a right to govern themselves
just as they please, subject always, as I have be-
fore stated, to the limitations of the national Con-
stitution.
But, sir, what does this bill do ? It clothes the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, with the power
to send a Governor and two judges to any State
of this Union where this rebellion exists, and that
they shall become the executive and the law-
makirigpowerforthose people. Yes,si?; itclothes
the Executive with the power, with the advice and
conscnt of the Senate, to send Wendell Phillips,
the man who has preached and prayed and spoken
for a dissolution of the Union for nineteen years,
Lloyd Garrison, and another of the vilest aboli-
tionists that you might mention, to the State of
South Carolina for instance, or any other State in
this Union, and clothe them with the power to
make laws and execute them on that people in dero-
gation of all their local rights. I know the Senator
may meet that part gf the proposition by saying
if his amendment be adopted it will cause them
to be subject to the local law; but there is a clause
in that amendment that will utterly repudiate that
idea. In the eighth line you find these words:
" further than shall be necessary to carry into ef-
fect the provisions and purposes of this act." That
clothes them with the power to judge of the ne-
cessity; and you know, sir, what kind of judg-
ment you will have in a slaveholding community
if such men are appointed as I have indicated.
But, sir, the bill goes further. It does not even
deign and condescend to give to those people the
three separate departments of the Government as
they are provided for in the constitutions ofall the
States. It sends an executive and judicial author-
ity, and clothes that executive and judicial author-
ity with the law-making power. That is a most
astounding heresy, a thing unknown to our sys-
tem of Government, which has never been prac-
ticed, save and except in some of the very earliest
territorial governments, and which has long since
been repudiated even in the Territories. The Sen-
ator, so far from allowing these States a republic-
an form of government, breaks down all the bar-
riers that mark the sphere in which these separate
departments should revolve. That watchful and
guardian care which the three departments of gov-
ernment, the executive, legislative, and judicial,
necessarily bear towards each other, is all thrown
down by the Senator's bill. He sends three rulers
to what was a sovereign State—one the Executive
and the two others his judiciary, appointed with-
out the will, without the consent, or without the
approbation of those people. You may take them
from Maineand send them to Florida, if you please;
and when your Executive and judiciary get there,
instead of exercising executive and judicial func-
tions, as is provided in the constitutions of the
States and of the nation, he clothes them with le-
gislative power.
Sir, let-me tell the Senator from New York that
this bill of itself is disunion, disunion of the most
gross and flagrant kind. There is no form of dis-
union worse than this bill. It is contended here
every day, and those who advocate this war pro-
claim that this is a Union of sovereign States.
Thirty-four sovereign States, they claim, now
compose the Union of these States, the Union as
formed by the Constitution, or at least guarantied
by the Constitution. But the Senator from New
York now comes in and asks for the passage of a
law that absolutely temporarily blotsoutof exist-
ence those sovereign States and reduces them to
provinces, to a «ondition worse than the prov-
inces of Rome when they were governed by their
worst proconsuls; and hecallsthatrepublicanism!
I ask those who advocate this bill to poinfme to
the clause in the Constitution that will authorize
it. There is no such clause. I boldly proclaim it,
and challenge and defy controversy upon the sub-
ject. You do it all in the name of the Union.
Under that profession you destroy the Union. No
longer is it a Union composed of sovereign States
when you send three persons, alien to the domes-
tic institutions of a State and clothed with the
power to overthrow them, to govern a State.
Under this clause, on which they will claim the
authority to judge of the necessity, if it exists,
they can torture and will torture it into a power
to overthrow every vestige of the existing domes-
tic institutions, if you send men there who are
hostile to them.
But, apart from matters of detail, it is wrong in
principle. ItsubvertstheGovernment; itdestroys
the Union of the States; it overthrows the Con-
stitution which we are all sworn to support, be-
cause there is no warrant in that instrument to
authorize its passage. I opposed this bill in the
Judiciary Committee. I oppose it here. I will
oppose it in every form; for you cannot shape a
bill by any art or by any contrivance that reduces
a State to a province, and sends a trio composed
of a Governor and two judges to make the laws
and then to administer them, that will receive my
vote. I wish the Senators who advocate this bill
to come up boldly and fearlessly to the issue and
show us the clause of the Constitution that au-
thorizes this procedure. It is well enough to talk
about necessities; but no Senator will claim that
we have any power to sit here and make laws,
except that which is derived from the Constitu-
tion.
At the outset I merely wished to express my
general disapproval of the bill without going into
its details. Instead of fixing up the little details
I think we had better see first whether we have
authority to pass the bill or not; and when that
is settled, we can improve it. In order to test the
whole question, after the debate shall close upon
this matter, I shall move to postpone this bill in-
definitely, and on that motion I shall ask for the
yeas and nays. I think that is the best way to
dispose of it.
Mr. HARRIS. This bill contemplates cer-
tainly an anomalous state of things. The Con-
stitution providesthat theUnited States—the Gen-
eral Government—shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government.
It contemplates that all the States are in the Union,
that they are to be governed in the Union, and
that the General Government are to see that they
remain in the Union, and that they are governed
in the Union, and that they are governed by s.
republican form of government. All that is clearly
implied in this provisionof the Constitution. Now,
sir, what have we before us ? Here are some of
the States that declare they are not in the Union,
that they will not be governed in the Union, that
they will not regard the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as the>r Constitution; they will not be
governed by the United States; they repudiate the
Governmentof theUnited States. We set about
as a Government to subdue those States, to sup-
press the rebellion, and as fast and as far as we
succeed in that, we undertake to enforce the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. With
that view, military Governors are appointed.
Two have already been appointed, one in Ten-
nessee and one in North Carolina. Where is the
provision in the Constitution that authorizes the
appointment of military Governors? It is diffi-
cult to find it. It is only under this provision to
which I have alluded, that any authority can be
found. The United States are bound to see that
these States are governed in the Union. A mili-
tary government implies that the provinces gov-
erned are conquered provinces. The States where
these military Governors are appointed are in
some sort prisoners of war, and we hold them as
conquered States, as prisoners, and undertake to
govern them by the arbitrary government of mil-
itary law.
Now, sir, this bill contemplates another step in
this process: that after these States shall be con-
queied, after the rebellion shall be suppressed,
after the rebels shall be subdued, then, before those
States can be brought back into the Union, before
the people of those States thus subdued are ready
to reorganize themselves and to come back into
the Union as loyal States, governing themselves
under the Constitution of the United States, the
Government of the United States shall provide
that they be governed in the manner contemplated
by the Constitution. See the anomaly that is pre-
sented: here is a State, the State of North Carolina
or South Carolina; it has a constitution under the
United States in the United States; it has a body
of laws; but its constitution and laws are unex-
ecuted, and the people refuse to execute them.
What is to be done-? You have either to appoint
a military Governor to govern them by arbitrary
law and military rule, or else, in order to enforce
this provision of the Constitution guaranteeing to
them and the other States that they shall be gov-
erned in the Union by a republican form of gov-
ernment, you are compelled to resort to some such
expedient as this: they have the machinery; they
haveaconstitution; they have laws; but they will
not execute them. The people will not organize
a State government. They do not. What are you
to do? In my judgment, it is the province and
the duty of the General Government to see that
their own Constitution and laws are executed until
they themselves will voluntarily organize them-
selves into a State government and proceed, as was
contemplated by the framers of the Constitution,
to govern themselves; in other words, it is the
duty of the General Government to see that these
rebel States are governed as States under the Con-
stitution in the General Governmentof the United
States, and not to allow them to remain as outside
of the Government. This can be effected, in my
judgment, in no other way, certainly m no other
way so well and so much in accordance with the
spirit and provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, as by a bill framed in some such
way as this. It is a bill to govern these States ad
interim during the interval that shall elapse between
the time when the rebellion is subdued and the
States are conquered, and when they shall be Will-
ing to reorganize themselves and come back and
