1862.
THE 001STGBESSIONAL G-LOBB.
P. LANSDALE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of F. Lansdale, surgeon, &c.; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the payment
to Surgeon P. Lansdale, of the United States Navy,
the sum of $1,255 06, being the difference of pay
between that of passed assistant surgeon and that
of surgeon, from the 25th of April j 1859, to 25th of
February, 1861, during which time he performed
( the duties of surgeon on board of the United States
ship John Adams, and received only the compen-
sation allowed by law to a passed assistant sur-
geon.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had concurred in the amendments ofUfic House to
the bill of the Senate (No. 222) to provide for the
codification and revision of the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
FRANCES ANN MCCAULEY.
_ Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, some
time ago I reported from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs a bill for the relief of Frances Ann
McCauloy, which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar. I presume
it will never be reached there. I am very anxious
to have it considered, and I ask the House now
to discharge the Committee of the Whole House
from its further consideration, and that it be con-
sidered now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that the House will certainly go into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar next Friday, and then this claim will be
reached in its regular order.
Mr. FENTON. I was about to suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky whether it will not
answer his purpose to call up this bill after the
House goes into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. I am about to move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole, and then this bill will come up in its order.
1 will not object, however, if the gentleman de-
sires to call the bill up now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask that the bill be
taken up now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill and report be read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Prances Ann McCauloy,
widow of Daniel S. McCauley, late United States
consul at Tripoli, Barbary States, the sum of
$3,000, in full of all claims and demands upon the
United States for extraordinary expenses incurred
by her late husband during the civil war in that
regency, as well as for the destruction of his fur-
niture, and all other losses sustained by him in
and connected with the consulate at Tripoli.
The report was also read. It appears that Dan-
iel S. McCauley, for many yeais, commcncing
with the year 1831, served as consul of the United
States at Tripoli, and was transferred from there,
by appointment as consul general, in the year
1848, to Alexandria, in Egypt, where he continued
until his death,in 1852. There is no doubt but
that he expended, during his whole service, the
entire amount of ins salary and allowances, and
that at the time of his death he left his wife and
children in Egypt, destitute, and without even the
means of paying the expenses of his funeral. By
means obtained,as shestates, from the kindness of
strangers, his widow soon after his death returned
to this country,and shortly afterwards petitioned
Congress for compensation for the extraordinary
sufferings, losses, and expenses incurred during
the consulate of her husband at Tripoli, by rea-
son of the .successive calamities of war, plague,
and famine, by which that place was visited.
This petition, though several times referred to
committees of the House, does not appear to have
been ever acted upon. And afterwards, in the
year 1858, she petitioned Congress for payment
of the salary of §1,000 per annum due to bet-late
husbanu under the act of the 11th of August,
1848, as compensation for judicial services ren-
dered by him while holding said consular office,'
from the 14th of August, 1848, to the 26th of Oc-
tober, 1852, the time of his death. Congress rec-
ognized this claim, and a bill was passed at the
session of 3858 to 1859. This act, and the me-
morial on which it was founded, were specifically
for the legal compensation for the judicial services
aforesaid, and for nothing else. At the present
session the memorialist petitions to be allowed, in
right of her husband, the same salary of $1,000
yearly for judicial services, from the date of the
act ofthc 11th of August, 3848, aforesaid, retro-
spectively, to the beginning of his consular ser-
vices in 1831. The committee say that there was
no law for such a claim till the passage of the act
of the 11th of August, 1848. Any claim for such
compensation anterior to that date is without law,
and ought not, therefore, to be allowed, however
circumstances might seem, in some cases, to make
it equitable. It has never heretofore been allowed,
and the precedent of such an allowance would be
followed by other claims. The committee are
against its allowance in this case.
But the claim set up by the memorial for some
indemnity for the extraordinary expenses, losses,
and sufferings that attended the consul and his
family in their residence at Tripoli, by reason of
the unavoidable calamities setfoith in thepetition,
seems to the committee to deserve a more favora-
ble consideration. As is there stated, the effects
of the civil war which broke outand raged in that
regency almost destroyed and rendered unsafe the
consular residence, compelling the consul, in view
of the safety of both his family and those who
sought a shelter under the consular flag, to pro-
cure a place beyond the reach of the balls and
shells of the forts; and a guard, composed of a
large body of men,furnished him by Mehmet Bey,
whom he had in great part to maintain. Subse-
quently, under directions from the President, he
had to transfer his consulate to Malta, and, up to
the restoration of peace, attend to the consular af-
fairs at Tripoli, by occasional visits thither; and
when peace was restored, and he returned to his
post, he was subjected to all the consequences of
the calamitous scourges—plague and &mine—
which successively visited that region.
Without stopping to calculate the extraordi-
naryexpenses which these combined adverse cir-
cumstances must have caused to Mr. McCauley,
the committee report that they are satisfied that
they could not be less than three thousand dollars,
which in justice are due and ought to be paid to
his widow, who accompanied him throughout the
whole period of his consular services.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say that while I
do not object to the committee being discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, at the
same time I do not think it ought to pass.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and it was brought be-
fore the House for consideration, the pending
question being upon ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN made some remarks in
support of the bill, which were entirely inaudible
at the reporters' desk.
Mr. HUTCHINS moved to amend the bill by
striking out " #3,000," and inserting " $2,000."
Mr. HOLMAN moved lo lay the bill upon the
table.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
15, noes 55; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Crisfjeld were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 30, noes G3.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question was taken on Mr. Hutchins's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes 30,
noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to strike out,
in the ninth line, all after the words " United
States," down to the end of the section, so that it i
will provide that this swm of $3,000 shall bfe hi
full of all claims and derflrands of Mrs. Frances:
Ann'MeCa&lcy opon- the United States, I
that motion because, by .-reference lo the statu te&
of 1859, I find that Mrs--McCauley;receivcd,*in*
der art act entitled li Arraet.forthfe rHiefofFranceS
Ann McCauley," the sum of $4,200foreompetH
sation for the judicial services performed byher
husband while holding the office of consul 'gen-
eral of the United Statesat Alexandria, in "Egy-fiU1
The act is a short one, and I will sehd U~t0*t£g-
Ciefk's desk to be read. /
The Clerk read, as follows:
An act for the relief of Frances Ana McCauley.
Be it cnacted, That the Secretary of tUe.Treasury.be*;
and Jje is hereby, directed, out of any inqney in the Treasury:
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to Prances Ann McCau-
ley, widow of Daniel S. McCauley, deceased, late consul-
general of the United States at Alexandria, in Egypt, the sum'
of $4,200 for compensation for judicial services performed
by her said husband while holdingsatd office from the 14th
day of August, 1848, to the 23th day of Octobcr, 1852^ un-
der the act of Congress entitled " An act to carry into effect
certain provisions in treaties between the United States
and China and the Ottoman forte, giving certain judicial
poweis to ministers and consuls of the United States in
those countues," approved August 11,1848, at the rafe of
§1,000 per annum.
Appiovcd March 3, 1859.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the honorable
member from Kentucky who has this bill in charge,-
whether Mrs. McCauley has not at this time other
claims before the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. She has no other claim
anywhere that I know of that is undecided. The
claim set up before us was for judicial services of
her husband for a Ions? period anterior to the pas-
sage of the act of 1848. The committee decided
against that. But she had another claim for dam-
ages for causes stated in the report, which the
committee allowed. The committee believed that
§3,000 was the least possible sum to which :she
was entitled.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether any portion of this $3,000
is for judicial services, or if it is all for damages?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is for no judicial ser-
vices whatever. They have been fully compen-
sated for.
Mr. HOLMAN. He received the $1,000 a year
extra salary under the act of 1848?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You may call it extra,
but there was no extra about it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was over and above the
salary of his consul generalship.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He got what he was
entitled to by law and not a dollar more.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether, when this grant of
$4,200 was made to Mrs. McCauley in 1859, as
compensation for the judicial services of her hus-
band, there was not at that time presented before
Congress the full claim, embracing not only the
claim of her husband, or of herself as the repre-
sentative of her husband, for judicial services,
but for this entire amount of extra compensation
for everything which was lost by herself, and
whether the adjudication of the Committees on
Claims of the House and of the Senate at that
time was not regarded as conclusive, or at least
as passing upon the entire claim?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That was an object of
my inquiry and attention. My understanding is
that there was nothing petitioned for except what
was got.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This bill is for
loss of property.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is.my under-
standing.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, this is not a
new case. - It is rather what may be called a chro-
nic case. It had been here for many years prior
to 1859, when it again came before Congress.
The petition was presented for a much larger
claim. I do not pretend to understand what the
items or specifications were. The claim was then
passed upon, and an allowance of $4,200 was
granted. Mrs. McCauley immediately afterwards
applied to the Senate, of which body the gentle-
man from Kentucky was then probably a mem-
ber, for the residue of the claim. What became
of that application I do not know.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would like to say a word,
if the gentleman from Kentucky will yield to me.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I think that the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Delano,] is in errorto
