2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
reference to the claim originally presented in the
Senate of the United Stales on behalf of Mrs.
McCauiey, or of Mr. McCauiey in his lifetime.
He died during the pendency of his claim.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania why this claim is
to be awarded to the widow? It seems to mo that
it is a just, claim, it belongs to the estate, to be
administered upon. It is part of the assets of the
estate. If you award it to the widow what is to
hinder the administrator coming in here, and as-
serting his claim to it? I do not perceive that it
is awarded to her in her representative character as
administrator. I would like to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, or the gentleman from
Kentucky, whether she presented this claim as
the administratrix of the estate of her husband?
If not, I do not see why it should be awarded to
her.
Mr. McXiNIGIIT. I believe that Mrs. Mc-
Cauiey is the administratrix of the estate. If not,
the gentleman can offer an amendment to cover
that point.
Mr. DAWES. "I cannot do so unless that is
the fact; and if my friend does not know that it is
the fact, how can he expect me to know?
Mr.CRITTENDEN. WiiUhegentlemanfrom
Pennsylvania permit me to answer?
Mr. McKNIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is a claim for dam-
ages, addressed to the equity and discretion of
Congress, If it were a debt due, it would have to
go to the administrator of the estate, and to the
creditors, if you please. The widow inherited
nothing but tier children; and if Congress choose
to grant to her, as it does m a multitude of cases,
what it might withhold, there is no ground for a
legal objection.
Mr. DAWES. I understand there are children
in this case, and I have groat regard for them. It
does seem to me that the claim belongs to them,
to be distributed among them, if it be a justclaim,
as I have no doubt it is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would suggest to my
friend from Massachusetts that the raising of
this objection is to defeat the whole matter. Let
me tell the gentleman that this widow, like most
other widows, is the best guardian of her children,
and the bestadministratorof their estate. She has
grown-up daughters, whom she has educated.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I think that the gentle-
man from Kentucky has answered very well the
objection of the gentleman from Massachusetts;
but I have got up to state the position of this
claim, in answer to tho inquiry of the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Delano.] When this claim was
first presented, it way for $1,000 per annum for
twenty-one or twenty-four years, for judicial ser-
vices rendered in addition to his ordinary con-
sular services, that having been granted in other
cases. The Committee on Foreign A (fairs, in the
Senate, to which the claim was referred, instead
of giving the whole claim, dating back to the be-
ginning of these judicial services, only awarded
$4,200. This* lady comes in now, and presents a
claim for the $1,000 per annum for judicial ser-
vices for seventeen years,and,in addition, for cer-
tain losses of property, destruction of furniture,
and expenses in sustamingand protecting Ameri-
can citizens under the consular flag, during the
discord and wars in Tripoli. I must confess that,
at first, I was entirely opposed to allowing any-
thing; but when I had listened to the facts of the
case I became satisfied that the lady was entitled
to something; for the destruction of her furniture
and for other expenses. The Committee on For-
eign Affairs entirely rejected the claim for $17,000,
and have only reported tins small sum, believing
that somethingis due to this lady and herchildren.
I believe, with thegentleman from Kentucky, that
the mother of these children will distribute the
money in order to educate them, as she is doing.
Mr. HOLMAN. The husband died in 1852.
Seven years afterwards, in 1859, this lady got an
appropriation of $4,200. Was there any reason
before the committee why the additional pay was
not inserted at th.it time?
Mr. McKNIGHT. My understanding of the
case is that if she had received from Congress the
gratuity of $17,000, this claim would probably not
be presented. But finding that the committee con-
sidered she was baired m reference to the extra
compensation foi judicial services by the previous
act allowing §4,200, it was suggested to her that
she did seem to have some claim for the destruc-
tion of her furniture, the discomforts undergone,
and the expenses in sustaining and protecting
American citizens. She was informed that the
§17,000 would probably not be allowed by Con-
gress, but that a gratuity might possibly be allowed
to her. The committee, therefore, reported this
bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I simply want to
ascertain from the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether there was a claim for $17,000 for judicial
services, at §1,000 a year. I understand there
was.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understand there was.
At all events, that is out of the question now.
The committee rejected that claim entirely, and
reported this bill. I myself thought that #2,000
would be about light, but the rest of the committee
thought there should be $3,000 allowed. I voted
for the amendment to reduce the amount to $2,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to call atten-
tion to the fact that the compensation for judicial
service was made during the entire term of service
of this officer at the rate of $1,000 per annum. It
appears from the language of the act, approved
March 3,1855, that this compensation for judicial
service was received from the 14th of August, 1848,
to the 28th of October, 1852; which is four years
and two months.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say one word
in reference to the amendment which 1 have pro-
posed, and I hope that, in any event, the honor-
able member frum Kentucky will consent to the
amendment being made. This compensation of
$4,200 has been made to Mrs. McCauiey for ex-
tra services, in addition to the salary of her hus-
band as consul general at Alexandria. The prop-
osition now is to compensate her for extraordinary
expenses incurred by her late husband during the
civil war in that regency, as well as for the de-
struction of his furniture, and for all other losses
sustained by him in, and connected with, the con-
sulate of Tripoli. My proposition is to strike out
all after the words " United States,"so that, if the
bill pass, it will be in full of all claims and dam-
ages of the said Frances Ann McCauiey on the
United States. It seems that this is but a proper
precaution for Congress to take, in view of the
fact that Mrs. McCauiey still makes a claim on
the Government for judicial services. It will pre-
clude her from coming here again and submitting
other claims to Congress.
Mr. GOOCH. Perhaps it is my own fault that
I was not aware that this bill had been reported
to the House. Owing toduties upon another com-
mittee, I have not been able to he present at all
the meetingsof the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
but I was present twice when this claim was be-
fore that committee, and there was no proof of-
fered or suggested, that I remember, to support
the claim as now urged upon the House. There
was a claim before the committee for judicial ser-
vices, for which we were urged to report an ap-
propriation of money for the benefit of this claim-
ant, and the argument was used that the husband
of the petitioner had sustained Josses while acting
as consul, and therefore the committee ought to
be the more willing to allow the claim presented.
I did not understand that the claim was directly
for losses and misfortunes, as now urged upon the
House. The claim, when 1 was present, was for
certain judicial services by the late husband of the
memorialist while acting as consul. And I sup-
posed that the claim could not be allowed any
more than we can now pay to members of Con-
gress who served before the present compensation
bill was passed the difference between the amount
which they did receive and the amount they would
have received if the rate had been the same then
as now.
1 know not what evidence may have been pre-
sented before the committee at a subsequent meet-
ing, but when I was present there was no proof
offered except the mere statement of the claimant
of the losses sustained. Arid 1 ask any member of
that committee now to state whether any evidence
has been before them except the mere statement
of the claimant, whether there were any witnesses,
or any documentary evidence, to substantiate the
claim.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have merely to state that
my friend from Massachusetts is a member of this
committee, and probably knows as well as any of
the other members of the committee what was
presented; the facts and circumstances upon which
the claim was based were fully set forth, and we
were perfectly satisfied of the correctness of the
statement. These losses were sustained by an
agent of this Government while in the discharge
of his official duty. I certainly had no doubt
myself of the truth of the statement, and never be-
fore heard that the gentleman from Massachusetts
doubted the truth of the statement; and if he did
doubt it, I think he should have made the fact
known in committee.
Mr. GOOCH. Is it possible that this claim is
before this House on no other evidence than that
presented to the committee on the two occasions
to which I have referred ? If it is, I am still more
astonished. I did not suppose there was any-
thing then presented upon which any member of
the committee would rely as sufficient evidence
to support a claim against the Government for
$3,000, or any other sum. I know that a woman
appeared before the committee, and said her hus-
band had been consul. She narrated certain griev-
ances, certain hardships, and certain losses; but
if I had known that that was to be the founda-
tion of the claim which the committee was to re-
port to this House, I should have asked fora very
different kind of proof to sustain a claim which
takes $3,000 from the Treasury at the present
time. 1 supposed when I saw this bill that proof
had been produced when I was absent from a
meeting of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, before I can give my assent to a
claim that is to take money from the Treasury of
the United States, I must have some proof on which
to base it, some foundation on which it can rest
more than the mere statement of the claimant.
This may be a meritorious claim, but I certainly
have no knowledge of any testimony to sustain it;
and as I desire to do no injustice to the claimant,
and it is the duty of every man to see that money
is not taken from the public Treasury, when all
the money we can raise is needed for other pur-
poses; out of mere sympathy, and in order that
the case may be more fully examined, I move to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is the very thing
I do not want the House to do. I want the House
now to decide the case one way or the other. It
is the misfortune of the committee that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was not present when
the case was finally disposed of. If he had been,
I trust we should have heard his voice in support
of the bill instead of in opposition to it.
Now, let me state to the gentleman what proof
we considered there was in the case. We had the
cotemporaneous correspondence of our consul
with his Government, in which he states the ca-
lamities from which he suffered. Is not that proof,
and very high official proof? We had no partic-
ular items of the losses which he sustained; but
do you not know, every one of you, that from
these causes which are stated in this correspond-
ence great losses and great suffering must have
ensued to these parties? Would it not be per-
fectly obvious that these losses would follow as a
necessary result? To be within a besieged city,
to be within the fire of the besieging force, to get
out of the city among the besiegers and besieged —
infidels, barbarians—protected by a guard little to
j] be relied upon, and made your friends only by
being supported by yourself; to be in the midst
of famine when men are perishing forfood:is that
no evidence of hardship and suffering; is that no
evidence of the expense that must necessarily be
incurred ? That is the evidence we had before us.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs whether the papers in
the case which was passed upon by the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, giving Mrs McCauiey $4,200 were
ever found? I requested the clerk of the commit-
tee twice to obtain the papers in the case when the
claim of $4,200 was granted. He informed me
; that he had made search for them but could not
| find them; that they could not be obtained. Were
I these papers ever found and presented to the com-
i1 mittee?
!; Mr. CRITTENDEN. I cannot answer. Icon-
m sidered the bill itself evidence of what the demand
| was. The demand was for salary and for nothing
|| more, I believe. That was the result of my in-
!' vesications. I think that was the fact, I know
;j my mind was perfectly satisfied th.it the claim was
: allowed precisely as the law expresses it, for sal-
