200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
Mr. WILSON. I desire the Senate to take up a
bill which 1 reported yesterday in regard to arrests
of persona held to labor by officers in the ser-
vice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ithas not yet been
returned from the printer.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the bill in
regard to the Military Academy at "West Point be
taken up and disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone all prior orders for the
purpose of taking up the bill which he has indi-
cated .
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 101) to increase the
number of cadets in the Military Academy at
West Point.
The first section of the bill provides that here-
after, in all cases of appointments of cadets to the
Military Academy at West Point, each congres-
sional and territorial district and the District of
Columbia shall be entitled to have two cadets, to
be selected as prescribed by existing laws. The
second section provides that when cadets are
found deficient in Iheir studies or in their duties,
they shall be dismissed,unless otherwise recom-
mended by the academic board.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on reconsidering the vote reject-
ing the amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, which was to strikeout the sec-
ond section of the bill.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred upon agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to have the
amendment reported again.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out the second section, in the following
words:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That when cadets are
found deficient m HieirsmdiPs or in their duties they shall
be dismissed, unless ottieuvi&e recommended by tile acad-
emic board.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the amendment to strike
out that section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that section
is very proper to be 111. 1 do not see why it should
be stricken out. It seems to me a very useful pro-
vision. I understand, privately, from the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that it is al-
ready the rule. Well, if it is the rule, make it a
law, and do not leave it in the condition it is, so
that the officers in charge will he pressed by poli-
ticians and favorites to modify the rule to suit
particular cases. I think it much better to have
it a la w. I hope that the section will not be stricken
out.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now on the passiige of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a bill to increase
the number of cadets at West Point. I hope it
will not pass, and on that question I desire to say
but a word; I do not propose to go into any ar-
gument on the subject. This question was pretty
fully mgucd in the Senate some days ago, and I
thought that the disposition of the Senate clearly
was against the passage of such a bill at this time.
Various reasons were given why it ought not to
pass. In the first place, it is attended with a very
considerable expense which the country can ill
afford at this time. In the nextplace theneisons
to be educated under it at West Point will not be
available for the present war. ^Ve are now edu-
cating thousands of officers practically in the field;
they are receiving the best education that can be
given to military men; and we shall have out of
this war which is now existing officers enough
to command any armies that may be raised during
our day and generation, and it will be time enough
to provide after the close of this war for an in-
crease of the cadets at West Point, who may be
needed in wars which are not to arise during our
day at any rate. Certainly no one expects that
this war is to last long enough to enable us to
avail ourselves of tfie services of persons who
may now be appointed cadets.
These reasons I think should prevent the in-
crease of the number of cadets at West Point at
this time; but, sir, I am opposed to it upon other
and higher ground. I believe that it is owing to the
West Point Academy thatthis war has languished
as it has. I do not believe in the doctrine which
seems to have become popular throughout the
country, that because a person has been educated
at West Point, and perhaps has commanded fifty
men at some remote fort in the Indian country,
he is therefore capable of managing hundreds of
thousands of men. Who is it that goes to West
Point? It is the son of some favored politician
who happens to maintain a friendly relation to the
Representative in Congress from his district at
the time, and it is not reasonable to suppose that
he will select the one person in his conaressional
district better fitted than any other one in it to be
educated at West Point. Experience shows that
this has not been'the case. By keeping it up—I
am not now speaking in regard to the existing
institution as it is—but 1 say that by increasing it
you in fact discourage the obtaining of military
knowledge in the country.
The only avenue to preferment in our Army,
hitherto, has been through West Point. What
is the result of that? The result of it is that all
our youths omit'obtaining a military education.
Abolish your military school at West Point, this
favored school, and then, sir, military tactics will
be taught in your schools all over the United
States; and instead of having four hundred thus
taught in military knowledge, you will have four
hundred thousand from whom to select your offi-
cers in time of war. But you will not have them
so long as you keep up a school of this character,
because all the avenues to the Army and to pro-
motion in the Army are cut off from every one
except the favored boy selected by some Repre-
sentative in Congress from some particular dis-
trict. If you would encourage military knowledge
in the country, diffuse it among the people, get
rid of this favored institution, and let military
tactics be taught in all your schools and colleges.
I would just as soon have the military knowledge
which could be acquired at such institutions as
Harvard or Yale, and many others m the country,
where a department might be established to teach
military tactics, as to have that which may be
acquired at West Point.
I hope, sir, that at this time we shall not in-
crease the number of cadets at West Point, for
the reason which I first gave, that it is an inop-
portune time to do it, at any rate. I should be
opposed to the policy of it if we were not in a war,
and if it stood upon different grounds; but so far
as the expense at this particular time is concerned,
it is a conclusive objection. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Tile yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not intend
to vote for this bill; and had it not been for some
remarks made by the Senator from Illinois now,
and some made by certain Senators some days
ago, I should not have troubled the Senate with
any remarks of mine. I agree with them in the
suggestions they make, that it will be attended
with expense which the country can ill bear at
this time; I also agree with them, that when this
war shall closc we shall have plenty of young of-
ficers who can command our Army, without edu-
cating more at this time. But I do not agree with
the Senator from Illinois, and I desire so to be
understood by the Senate, in this tirade against
the Government school at West Point. I do not
believe that treason has resulted to your country
from that school. I do not believe that your of-
ficers are inactive because they were educated at
that school. Treason lias resulted from a politi-
cal education, obtained elsewhere. The Govern-
ment itself, the Senate of these United States, has
been more the school of treason than the acad-
emy at West Point. It has been taught here for
years, or those doctrines which have led to it, and
not in your schools; and the men in your Army
are inactive, not because they have had an educa-
tion in West Point, but because they have been a
part of the peace establishment, and have been
broughtin contact with the men who teach and
who are infected with treason elsewhere, and sym-
pathize with them. The various relations of life
are brought in to draw men away. Marriage and
the social relation and all the other relations, carry
men even from the northern States into the south-
ern rebellion. It is not your academy at West
Point.
I shall not vote for this bill to increase this
academy and to put more cadets there, because
there are many young men in your armies now
who, when this war is over, which I hope will be
soon and speedy, will be desirous of holding com-
missions in your Army, and they are more de-
serving than the young men whom you are edu-
cating at that academy. 1 agree with the Senator
that many young men, many boys, many lads,
have been appointed there by the influence of men
in high position, and it will ahvays be so; but
that does not argue against the existence of the
school. It is an abuse of it. Sir, the very fact
that you need these men to be educated at your
private schools shows that they arc demanded by
the country; and if not educated by the private
schools, they should be educated by the public
schools. Your private schools now, such is the
demand for military men, are joining to their
other departments of education, the very instruc-
tion needed in military affairs. If we can have it
at the expense of the Government, and better,
moie thorough, and more systematic, let us have
it there. That is no objection against your military
school. But, 1 submit to Senators that the history
of these private military schools has been that they
had all uietl out until this emergency arose; and
had we not had a Military Academy atWestPoint
we should not have had many of the young men
now who are doing efficient service m bringing
these volunteers into the field.
Sir, I repeat I do not join in this tirade against
the West Point Academy. I oppose the bill for
the reasons which have been suggested, and will
give my vote against it; and had no remarks fallen
from Senators against the school itself, so that
I might have been construed to join in those re-
marks if I gave my vote against the bill, I would
have contented myself with a silent" nay " against
its passage.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think a great
many better reasons might be assigned for the
delay in prosecuting this war than those that have
been assigned by the Senator from Illinois. I
think with the Senator from New Hampshire,
that the Senate is in a great degree responsible
for the delay, not only on account of the political
sentiments that have hitherto been inculcated by
individual members of the Senate in former ses-
sions, but by the course they adopted atthe July
session, when they allowed majors, captains,and
lieutenants to be elevated from the line of the
Army, and put into positions such as those of
brigadier generals and major generals of volun-
teers, and the consequence to them would be,
when the rebellion is put down, that they should
be restored to their old grades of captains and
lieutenants. That was what we did; and itis not
in human nature to suppose that the lieutenants
who have been made brigadier generals, and put
in command of four thousand men, and the cap-
tain who has been made a major general and put
in command of ten or twelve thousand men, will
be exceedingly anxious to prosecute this war to
a conclusion, because when it is concluded they
will revert to their old positions and cease to en-
joy the emoluments and rank of major and brig-
adier generals.
Mr. President, it is not my business to vindi-
cate West Point or the Army, and I trust the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will notconsidcr that I am poaching on his manor.
Sir, there never was a greater mistake than that
under which gentlemen seem to labor when they
suppose that WestPoint is the nursery of treason.
The facts show exactly the reverse of that. I
have taken the trouble to look into that. I havo
the record before me. Instead of any such fact
being evinced by the record, if it proves anything,
it proves exactly the reverse of that. Sir, your
Army was composed of nine hundred and fifty-
one officers. Six hundred and eighty-one of those
who were in service on the 1st day of January,
1860 are loyal, and two hundred and sixty-two
of them turned out to be disloyal, have in some
way got out of the Army, either have turned trai-
tors, or have been dismissed, or have resigned—
nearly one third. Of the one hundred and ninety-
three in all who have been appointed from civil
life since 1830, and were on your Register on the
