1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3148
asserted, and which all freemen have asserted for
the last eighty years. Are governments to be
perpetual; and if they are not, where is the power
to change them, if not in" the people? By what
power did we determine in the Revolution to sever
the connection between this country and Great
Britain? Was it not because of the inherent vir-
tue in the people, as set forth in the Declaration
of Independence? I never heard it denied or ques-
tioned; and to say now that that power is not in
the people is to say that this experiment is a fail-
ure, is to admit it, is to admit that men have been
leaning upon a broken reed. Who has the right
to-day under the Constitution to make a govern-
ment for North Carolina as against the will of .the
people of North Carolina; or for Michigan as
againstthe will of the people of Michigan?
Mr, HOWARD. Does the Senator wish an
answer?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly I do.
Mr. HOWARD. The United States of Amer-
ica in Congress assembled have the right to make
that government and enforce it.
Mr. SUMNER. Beyond all question.
Mr. COWAN. Then you must proceed against
them precisely as though you proceeded against
a foreign State in case of conquest, but that is not
under the Constitution.
And this doctrine of the right of conquest is
precisely the doctrine which was held by the
Parliament and King of Great Britain in our Rev-
olution. It is the doctrine which has been held
by all tyrannies from the time the world began,
that when a government is once established there
is no right to change it; but we proclaimed the
right of successful revolution from the first. If
this Government becomes a tyranny, how is it
to be changed, unless there is some such right of
revolution somewhere? Mr. President, I hold
that this war is a war of rescuc; for the restora-
tion of power to the hands of the loyal people
within the rebellious States; and it is not a war
for the subjugation or conquest of any State, to
take it and hold it as such, and was never so in-
tended. This Congress solemnly and unani-
mously resolved that it was not, and it is too late
now to assert the contrary doctrine, however con-
venient it may be.
Mr.CARLILE. Mr.President, when the prop-
osition was first introduced into the Senate by the
Senator from Massachusetts, which I take it gave
rise to this bill, it met with the universal condem-
nation, so far as I am advised, of the entire press
of the country. It is true the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, with his usual boldness and frankness,
which no one admires more than I do, called his
proposition by the right name. He intended by
that resolution to assert the power in Congress to
reduce States of this Union to a territorial condi-
tion; and that is what will be effected by this bill,
although it comes to us under the name of pro-
visional governments. I confess I am surprised
that as good a constitutional lawyer as we know
the Senator from New York to be, should have
contented himself with the argument which he has
addressed to the Senate in favor of this proposi-
tion. He derives the power from the clause in the
Constitution making the United States the guar-
antor for the States to secure to them a republican
form ofGovernment. Perhaps no one in this Sen-
ate understands better than the Senator from Now
York what is the undertaking of one who guaran-
ties the performance of an act. He is not the
principal; he does not make the Government any
more than the guarantee upon a note makes the
note. The Government is formed by the princi-
pal. The principal in this case is the people of
the States. They have formed theirgovernment.
There is not a single rebellious State to-day that
has not a State government, and that State gov-
ernment a republican form of government, and a
republican form of government, as has been well
said, recognized by the Constitution ofthe United
States and all the departments of the Government
created under it. That State government is for the
time being in abeyance by virtue ofthe rebellion.
It has been unable to execute its office. The guar-
antee that you have given them in the Constitu-
tion of the United States is that you will remove
this obstacle to the successful operation of that
State government. That is your duty; that is your
power; nothing more, nothing less.
But the Senator from Michigan puts to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania a question: what will
you do if there are no loyal people in any of these
States; if they are all disloyal ? iunderstand from
the Senator from New York that it is not pro-
posed to exercise the power under this bill until
after the rebellion, shall have been suppressed in
the State. If there are no loyal people left in the
State after the suppression of the rebellion, I take
it there will be no people in the State to govern;
for as long as the people are disloyal the rebellion
continues, and in the case put by the Senator from
Michigan, when the rebellion is suppressed there
are no people left to govern. You will have ex-
terminated them, and it will be a vast wilderness
so far as population is concerned, to be repeopled,
and when repeopled to have a government estab-
lished by the people inhabiting the limits of the
State.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask my friend from
Virginia whether he expects the rebels are to " die
in the last ditch," and leave the country totally
depopulated, or whether there is to be a residuum
of human beings after the war is over?
Mr. C ARLILE. I have proceeded always upon
the theory that there would be a residuum, and a
very large one, a loyal population leftm each and
all of these States. It is tire theory upon which
we have proceeded, and the only theory that we
can go on in the name of the United States and
wage this war. If it is waged under any other
theory, it can onfy be justified upon the ground
that rebellion has dissolved the Union, and that
this is a war on the part of the non-seceded States
against the seceded States for the purpose of com-
pelling the seceded States to regard their contract
which they entered into with the non-seceded when
they adopted the Constitution of the United States.
It is the only theory by which the power claimed
for the Congress of the United States by the Sen-
ator from Michigan can be exercised or can be
justified; and then the Senator is untrammeled by
constitutional obligations. Sir, this is a Govern-
ment composed of States. It is the State govern-
ments that are the support of the Government of
the United States, and when the State governments
cease to exist the United States Government ceases
to exist.
But, sir, the Senator from New York talks of
conquering States. Where does he derive the
power, under the Constitution ofthe United States,
to conquer a State and hold it as a conquered State,
territory, or province? Are the powers of the
creature greater than the powers ofthe creator? Is
a limited Government formed by these States, with
certain specified powers,greater than the govern-
ments forming it with powers unlimited, save and
alone where they have been limited by each State
for itself in its own organic act. The very instant
you suppress the rebellion, the State governments
spring again into full vigor and life; and the reason
assigned by the Senator from New York thatthere
may be a period of time—short, however, he sup-
poses it will be, between the suppression of the
rebellion and the organization of a State govern-
ment, when this bill is to operate—never can exist,
because State governments are in existence. Each
one of these States has its own State government.
It is rendered ineffective and powerless by virtue
of the rebellion. The instant you suppress the
rebellion—and itis only when the rebellion is sup-
pressed that you propose to execute the powers un-
der this bill—the instant, to instanti, that you sup-
press the rebellion, the government of that State
springs into life and full vigor again, and goes on
operating as it did before, and as if no rebellion
had ever occurred.
But, sir, it is too warm to-day to make anything
like a speech. This is a proposition that 1 think
cannot command a majority of this body.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, for whose ability and judgmcntl entertain
the most profound respect, has started with a prop-
osition which to my mind is a political heresy
under our system ofGovernment. Itis this, and
his argument is based upon it: that where the
people of a State are unanimous in repudiating the
Government of the country we have no right as
a General Government to suppress that rebellion;
that it is only where they are divided upon the
question, where some of the people want to re-
main in the Union and some want to go out of the
Union, the United States Government have au-
thority to hold them in the Union. I regard that
doctrine as a heresy and a most dangerous heresy.
Sir, how does that Senator know, how does any
Senator know, that there is a loyal man in South
Carolina? The presumption is against it; and ac-
cording to the doctrine of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, unless it happens that there is some loyal
man or woman in South Carolina, the war as
against South Carolina is unjust.
Mr. COW4N. If the Senator will allow me
to make a remark just here, is not that the very
thing we are now endeavoring to ascertain?
Mr. HARRIS. I do not think it is.
Mr. COWAN. Is not the very thing we are
trying to. discover whether there are enough loyal
people in the South to maintain a government with
our help against the rebellion? If they cannot, the
rebellion succeeds, and then, instead of being a re-
bellion, it is a revolution, legitimate, and goes on.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not so understand it. My
ideaof this thing is this: that, assuming every man,
woman, and child in South Carolina to be hostile
to the- Government of the United States, it is our
duty, under the Constitution of the United States,
and as citizens of the United States, to put down
that rebellion, to suppress it; and having done
that, what follows? The people of South Caro-
lina say, " you have conquered us; you have by
physical strength suppressed our determination
to go out of the Union; we admit that we are sub-
dued, but you shall never hold us in-the Union
notwithstanding; we have formed a constitution
for ourselves out of the Union; we have organized
a government for ourselves outside of the Union,
and though you have conquered us, you may hold
us by main force of strength; but as for our ever
coming back into the Union as a State, we never
will."
Now, whatis to be done? What will the Senator
from Pennsylvania do in that case? Why, sir,
we cannot make those people organize themselves
into a government. We cannot force them to hold
a convention and form a new constitution and
apply to be readmitted into the Government. We
cannot force them to hold elections and elect mem-
bers of Congress and members of a Legislature.
Wc cannot do that; but we can do this—and that
is the object of this bill—we can say to them,
" until you do that, we will enforce as against
yourselves your own constitutions and laws; we
will execute upon yourselves the laws you have
made and the constitutions you formed when you
were in the Union."
That is the object of this bill, and nothing else.
Whenever, being conquered, rebellion being sup-
pressed, they are ready to hold a convention, or-
ganize themselves, and come back into the Union,
we are ready to receive them, and then this law
will have spent its force. It will be no longer
operative as a law. But this contemplates that
temporary state of things, and, as I said before, it
will be very short in its duration, when the State
is subdued, and yet the people are not ready to
surrender their present form of government under
an alien power, but choose to say to us* " though
you have conquered us, still we belong to another
kingdom; we do not belong to the United States,
we belong to the confederate government; and if
you will let us have our way, we will stay there;
we will not go back into the Union."
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President,suppose the case
as put by my honorable friend should occur; sup-
pose that we succeed in suppressing the rebellion
in South Carolina, and after we have done so,
everybody is quiet and submits, but they take no
steps whatever to resume their old State govern-
ment or to establish any government in subordi-
nation to ours, then I ask the honorable Senator
what is he to do? Is this provisional government
to remain over the State of South Carolina forever?
Is it to be permanent? And if itis to be permanent,
I ask whether that is not conquest and subjuga-
tion? What is conquest: whatis subjugation?
Conquest simply means the overrunning'of a coun-
try and the assumption of us political power on the
part ofthe conqueror, and mam taming it as against
the will of the people. What is subjugation ? Mak-
ing that people go under the yoke, after the fashion
of the ancients, who made the yoke the symbol of
subjection. As I understand, and as I thought we
all understood, that is not our object. Why did
we invade Tennessee? Because when the will of
the people of Tennessee was fairly expressed ac-
cording to the laws then prevailing and under our
Constitution, there was a majority against the
rebellion. So it was in Maryland; so it was, I be-
lieve, in North Carolina; so it was in Kentucky;"
