1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
ary due, and not for bounty nor for any other
consideration.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 do hope we may be al-
lowed to have the question. I will agree to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York and I mustcall the previous question upon it.
Mr. FENTON. If the previous question is
seconded, will the question be first on the motion
to recommit?
The SPEAKER. The question will be first on
the motion to recommit,and then upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to move to commit
this bill to the Committee of Claims. I think that
is the proper committee to investigate cases of this
nature.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GOOCH. If I have the power I am ready
to accept the amendment of the gentleman from
New York.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Phelps, of
Missouri, in the chair.) The proposition of the
gentleman from New York cannot be accepted
pending the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion to recommit was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask whether the motion of
the gentleman from New York is now in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not, under
the operation of the previous question.
The amendment proposed by Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being eu-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the yeas and nays
were ordered on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is so
informed. #
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hailv, Baxter, Diddle Jacob B. Blair,
William G. Brown. Calvert,Campbell,Casey.Chambeilm,
Cobb, Crislicld, Crittenden, Delano, Ducll, Dunlap, Gran-
ger, Grider, Hale, Hall, Hanehett, Harrison, Horton, Kel-
lev, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, McKnight,
Mailory, May,Maynard. Me'nzies, Mooihead,Nugen,John
S. Phelps, ttobmson, Edward II. Rollins, Segar, Smith,
John B. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Wadsworth, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White,
and Wioklifie—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Baker, Bingham, Fran-
cis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, BufRntoa, Clement*,
Fiedenck A. Conklmg, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Fenton, Fesscmlcu, Francbot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin,
Ilaiglit, Holman, Hutchms, Johnson, Julian, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovojoy, MePherson, i\loiris>, Noble, Odell, Olin,
TnnothyG. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Alexander il. Itice,Jolm
II. Uice, Riddlo, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sloan,Tram,Trimble,
Trowbridge, Vallandigiiam, Venee, Charleb W. Walton,
Wilson, Windom, and Woiccstci—51.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected*, and*also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 178) to incor-
porate the Washington and Georgetown Railway
Company; when the Speaker signed the same,
fi. W. CANDEE.
Mr. COBB,from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petition of
G. W. Candee, for bounty land; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL WOODBURY.
Mr. NOBLE, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill authorizing a rehearing of the ap-
plication of Daniel Woodbury, for the extension
of his letters patent for improvements in horse-
power, dated August 26, 1846; which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed, and then recom-
mitted.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that this day, in the Committee of
the Whole, be considered as objection day.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. FENTON moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Train in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. This has been made ob-
jection day in the committee by the order of the
House. The Calendar will be called, commencing
at the point where it was left off on the previous
objection day.
COURT OF CLAIMS BILLS.
Mr. FENTON. I move that all the bills from
the Court of Claims be laid aside to be reported
to the House with the recommendation that they
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
NATHANIEL McLEAN, ETC.
A bill (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Nathan-
iel McLean, R. G. Murphy, and C. E. Fland-
reau. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY.
A bill (H. R. No 278) for the relief of J. C. G.
Ken nedy.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Interior to adjust the accounts of Joseph
C, G. Kennedy, superintending clerk of the cen-
sus, and formerly secretary of the census board,
and to allow him his salary at the rate of $3,000
per annum for all services rendered by him in
either or both capacities, deducting therefrom what
he has already received, and paying him the bal-
ance; and that said Secretary of the Interior cause
to be paid to him $2,000, in full of rent and dam-
ages to certain buildings rented by him to the Sec-
retary of the Interior for the use of the United
States, to be paid out of the fund for taking the
census. ,^*4
It appear that the Government occupied for the
Department of the Interior the buildings and prop-
erty of the claimant for three years, at an annual
rent of $1,750, fixed by referees appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior. It is also shown by
the statement of the then Secretary of the Inte-
rior, that it was understood by him that the Gov-
ernment, when its occupation ceased, should repair
the premises and make good the damages, as has
been the practice theretot'oie. It is also m proof
the premises were damaged to the amount of at
least $2,lK)0, no part of which was paid, and no
repairs whatever made.
The census board was constituted by act of 3d
March, 1840, with the power to appoint a secre-
tary, but without fixing his compensation. (9
Statutes, 402.) Mr. Kennedy was appointed sec-
retary. The twentieth section of the act of May
23, 1850, authorized the allowance to the secre-
tary of the census board of a salary of $3,000 per
annum (C during the period he has been in their
employ." (9 Statutes, 432.) The nineteenth sec-
tion of the same act provided for the appointment
of a superintending clerk of the census, at a salary
of $2,500 per annum. This appointment was also
conferred upon Mr. Kennedy, and accepted by
him. But as the census board was not dissolved,
and as he still continued to act as its secretary, he
continued to claim the salary of $3,000, which the
Comptroller of the Treasury refused to allow, on
the ground that the office of secretary of the cen-
sus board was superseded by that of superintend-
ing clerk of the census. In order to settle the
question thus raised, the Secretary of the Interior
addressed a communication to the census board,
inquiring whether they regarded their labors as
ended and their secretary discharged from his du-
ties; to which the board responded that they did
not consider the census board as dissolved, or
Mr. Kennedy, its secretary, discharged from duty.
This correspondence occurred in September, 1851,
and would seem to show that Mr. Kennedy was
still performing the duties of secretary of the cen-
sus board, for at least sixteen months after his
enteringupon the duties of superintending clerk,
and accordingto usage was entitled to the higher
salary applicable to either of the two offices which
he filled.
There being no objection, the bill waslaidaside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
JOHN WILSON.
House report. No. 38: . ■ i.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay John-Wilson,
out of the contingent fund of the House, for hisservhjeBUi
superintending and directing the preparation of the maps
of the land Suites for the use of the Committee on Po$fe
Lands, ordered by resolution of the House of MAjT4,1848,
at thejate of $1,500 per annum from May 4,1848, to Jatm-.
ary 14,1852, during which time he was engaged In tbat-ser-
vicc.
Mr. HUTCHINS. That resolution was re-
ported from the Committee of Claims, and I am
instructed by the same committee to move as a
substitute a bill containing the same provisions.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I hope there will be no
objection, as His a mere formal matter.
There was no objection, and the substitute was
received and adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio. Did this man, John
Wilson, hold an office at the time for which he
asks to be paid this salary?
Mr. FENTON, I will answer the gentleman's
question. He was holding an office at that time,
but he claims this extra pay for the extra duties
which he had to perform.
Mr. HOLMAN. What was his salary?
Mr. FENTON. Eighteen hundred dollars a
year. It appears, from the report of the commit-
tee, that the facts in the case are briefly as fol-
lows:
" Mr. Wilson, who was one of the principal clerks of the
Geneial Land Office, was selected by the Clerk of the House,
with the consent of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, to take charge of the preparation of those maps, and
render all necessary assistance required for that purpose.
This selection was made because of the petitioner's thor-
ough and general knowledge of the land business, indispens-
able to the proper prepimuon of these maps, especially in
the eaiher stages of the business, where difficulties in the
surveys, private claims, reservations, and sales under the
old credit system and leliof laws had to be adjusted, so as
to be properly depicted on the maps.
" It also appears that the regular duties of the petitioner
were onerous, and required close attention the full time ,
usually devoted to office business of six hours per day.
<k To discharge these twofold duties it required constant
labor, on an average of double the ordinary official hours,
during the time the petitioner was engaged in this service;
and from the papers it appears he faithfully performed that
labor, and that the service, thus rendered the House, from
tin: knowledge required and the time devoted to it, was
fully ns valuable as that which he rendered to the Govern-
ment in his official capacity. The committee consider this
claim just and equitable; that it docs not come within any
of the prohibitions made by the severai laws on this sub-
ject. "
Mr. ELY. I object.
FREDERICK A. BEELEN.
A bill (H. R. No. 303) for the relief of Fred-
crick A. Bcelen.
Mr. HOLMAN. That case is founded upon a
change of salary by Congress. As I believe Con-
gress has not only the right, but that it is its duty
to reduce salaries, I object to the bill.
SPANISH BAltK PROVIDENCIA.
A bill (H. R. No. 305) for the relief of the own-
ers, officers, and crew of the Spanish bark Prov-
idencia.
The CHAIRMAN. A similar bill has passed
both Houses of Congress and become a law; and
if there be no objection, this bill will belaid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it be laid upon the table.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered,
SYLVANUS BURNHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 327) forthe relief of Sylvanus
Burnham.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of War to place the name of Sylvanus Burnham
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and cause to
be paid to him eight dollars per month, out of any
moneys not otherwise appropriated, commencing
from and after the 14th day of November, 1858,
and to continue during his natural life.
11 appears that Syl vanus Burnham was a private
soldier in the Indian war, under General Wayne,
for three years, from February 28, 1792, and was
honorably discharged. While engaged in the dis-
charge of his duties as such soldier he was Injured
by the explosion of a canister of powder. By this
