1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
licenses to whoever they please, according to their
own construction of the law ? Then, in relation to
stamp duties; are these to be surrendered to the
States? Are they to make provisions forgoing
on and engraving the stamps and disposing of
them?
Then, in relation to the various duties to which
railroad companies and banking institutions are
subjected; are these all to be surrendered to the
States to arrange in their own way ? "Why, Mr.
Chairman, although the object of the proposition
is a worthy one on its face, yet when you come
to examine it closely, it looks to me not only as
utterly without practicability, but that if it were
practicable, as entirely without that value which
appears upon the first suggestion; and I hope it
will not prevail.
Now, sir, what is the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts? It is merely a pro-
vision that the States may assume the collection
of the tax upon notification to the General Gov-
ernment. Well, suppose they give the notice to
the Government that they will assess the duties
and collect them: then, of course, the Govern-
ment suspends all further proceedings in the mat-
ter, appoints no officers, and takes no steps for
entering upon the work of collecting the revenue.
But suppose that, after waiting beyond the time
appointed, they discover that a State has not en-
tered upon the work of collection at all. Of course,
the Government is in arrears, it is in the back-
ground in respect to the taxes of that State. All
the business, then, has to be begun over anew,
and all this time will have been lost.
But, suppose they utterly refuse, after having
given notice that they will assess the duties re-
quired and collect them: what remedy have you?
Certainly, we have no remedy at all. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts talksaboutthe pledges
of honor and good faith of the States that they
will do this. How can you rely upon the honor
of Mississippi? Has not she already repudiated
her honest debts? Will she not repudiate a tax
that is assessed by the General Government?
Why, sir, the whole section tumbles to pioces
upon examination, so far as 1 can discover, and
I trust it will not be adopted.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. i think, Mr. Chairman,
that this is perhaps the most important question
that will arise in the discussion of this tax bill,
and it is therefore proper that it should be under-
stood—I mean the proposition of the* gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mi. Eliot,] which, al-
though not technically pending at this time, I
suppose it is proper to discuss. And I will say
in ethe outset, that if I am convinced that the
scheme is practicable, I should be must glad to
vote for it.
Now, what is the proposition > Let us under-
stand it, and then let us see whether it will work
well. If I understand the proposition, it is this:
it proposes to allow this tax bill to stand, with all
its machinery of enforcement, as the House may
adopt it; and it is then proposed to provide that
any State, if it will, may provide by its Legisla-
ture a similar machinery, to be executed by State
authority, upon the written or verbal assumption
of the taxes on the part of the State, instead of
allowing the machinery of the Government of the
United States to be put into execution in that State.
In other words, that the governmental machinery
of the United States shall be suspended, and the
State machinery used for the collection of these
taxes. It is proposed to constitute a wheel within
a wheel, and to say that the Government wheel
shall not commence its revolutions, provided the
State wheel will commence its revolutions, and
throw into the Government hopper the amountof
taxes that aie proposed to be collected by this bill.
I believe that is substantially and, I think, fairly !
stating the pro position of the gentleman from Mas- I
sachusetts. If it is not, T should like to know
what it is. If the gentleman from New York [Mr. j
Roscoe Conkung] and the gentleman from Mas- j
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] can satisfy me that it is j
practicable, then 1 will vote for it. j
If we should say to' a certain State, " so many ;
dollars you are called upon to raise, and if you |
raise it in your own mode, we will not extend the ;
arms of the Government within your jurisdiction,'5
we might, perhaps, properly grant the permis-
sion; but still we should have no assurance that
it would be faithfully executed, because we have
no control over the State machinery. Is not this
really going back to the imbecility of the old Gov-
ernment, under the Articles of Confederation ?
The General Government then proposed to the
several States that they should tax themselves,
but made no provision for enforcing the tax if they
refused. Congress, under those Articles of Con-
federation, had no power to compel the States to
do it. Now, if a State shall agree to set its gov-
ernmental machinery in motion to collect this tax,
and it does not do it honestly and fairly, what
remedy has the Government against that State?
None whatever under the Constitution. How will
it work practically ? We cannot shut out the idea
and the fact, though we may desire to do it, that
"taxation is odious, and that individuals, corpora-
tions, counties, and States will shirk as much as
possible the payment of all taxes. All men are
anxious that all men but themselves shall be taxed.
What will be the effect, supposing that we allow
the States to collect this tax without any authority
or control over them ? Is it not apparent that there
will spring up jealousies between the States, and
that each will naturally believe it has paid more
than its true proportion? Will not the people of
Ohio feel that they have pajd more than the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania or Illinois, if a certain rule
be adopted ? Each State will feel, if a certain rule
be adopted, that then they will pay more than their
share of the tax; and the tendency must be to
make the valuation of property as low as possi-
ble, and to make incomes as low in value as possi-
ble, with a view to favor local communities by the
arrangement. It is proper, therefore, that all,of
this matter should be under the supervision of the
Geneial Government, as provided by the first sec-
tion of the bill. Under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, instructions will be issued
to the assessors and collectors fixing a certain
rule of valuation in all of the States, providing
for an equalization of that valuation so as to have
it fair and just so far as all of the States are con-
cerned. If you undertake to leave this to the
Stages alone, there will be a disposition on the
part of each to shirk the tax and put it upon the
others. I think that that will be the legitimate
effect of the State machinery which this amend-
ment proposes. I do not believe that the Gov-
ernment will realize seventy-five or sixty per cent,
of the amount it would realize provided this tax
is collected according to the provisions of this bill.
I think, sir, as a precedent, we should get rid
of the idea that there is objection to the exercise
of constitutional legitimate authority on the part
of the General Government in the States. I know
that we have been all carried away with the idea
that State rights and all that sort of thing must be
carried out at all times, and that we have been
afraid of the concentration and consolidation of
the power of the Government. I think that this
Government ought, in order to maintain the Con-
stitution, exercise all the proper and legitimate
powers which that instrument grants and permits
it. to exercise. This is simply a voluntary prop-
osition to the States: " If you will set your wheel
in motion, and throw this money into our coffers,
we will allow you to do it." Suppose that they
do not do it; suppose New York raises the tax,
has the United States any means of finding out
whether it has been raised properly according to
the plan of the Government ? I think it is incum-
bent on the opponents of this measure, after they
say that the Committee of Ways and Means have
been unable to devise a plan that is suitable, to
state some practicable way of carrying out what
they suggest. I should like to see a way for this
policy of collecting the taxes by the States: but I
cannot. If the Committee of Ways and Means
! have failed in their attempt to devise a plan by
which this tax could be collected voluntarily by
the States, I say that it is incumbent upon the ad-
vocates of this amendment to submit to the com-
mittee the mode and manner of execution. It is
an easy matter for me or anybody else to suggest
that a certain thing could be done, but that is not
! exactly doing it. The gentleman from New York
i and the gentleman from Massachusetts believe that
f tins matter can be done; and I ask that they shall
j give us the machinery by which it can be done.
! Do not let us undertake to tear down this extcn-
| sive building which the Committee of Ways and
i Means have erected with a view to collect this tax
j until they give us a better plan for the collcction
S of the revenue. I cannot see wherein it can be
1 done one particle cheaper than it can now be done
unless we pay higher salaries than the States; and
if the salaries are too high, reduce them.
I think that the plan suggested by the gentle-
man who offered this amendment is impracticable.
If he will bring it forward, however, and show
that it will work, then Twill vote for it. I do not
propose to vote for the speeches of members, or
for their suggestions. I desire to vote for any bill
thatwill avoid the tax gatherer of the Federal Gov-
ernment. But as the gentleman from New Jersey
has well remarked, it is not the tax gatherer to
which the people will object; it is the tax, be-
cause the tax gatherer will be their neighbor and
their fellow-citizen. It is the tax that they will
object to, whether it be collected by the tax gath-
erer of the Federal Government or of the State
government. I can see no difference in the econ-
omy of the two plans. The one is constitutional,
and upon which the Government must rely to sus-
tain itself, and the other is uncertain, impractica-
ble, and I believe never can be executed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONRLING. With the gen-
tleman's permission, I will ask him a question.
The gentleman says that he can see no reason why
the same officers now engaged and then to be on-
gaged in the collection of taxes can collect those
taxes cheaper than they can be collected by other
persons. I want to inquire of the gentleman as
a lawyer whether, if he is going away one hun-
dred miles to try a cause for which he is to be paid
a good sum, some other client comes and hands
him his papers and asks him to try his cause,
would he charge that man as much as the other,
or would he think that his services would be worth
as much as if he had been employed on purpose
to make the journey to try that cause, and that
cause only?
Mr. HUTCHINS. If I were like most law-
yers, I would charge what I thought I would get.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is an an-
swer which I have no doubt does entire justice to
the gentleman; but it is cruel to his associates in
the profession.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do not see what the ques-
tion has to do with thesubject underconsideration.
If the gentleman will ask me a question which has
any relation to the subject under discussion I will
give, if I can, a correct answer.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 want to add a confirmation to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, who
has just taken his seat, in reference to the prac-
tical workings of the system proposed by this
amendment. In the State of New York each
county has its board of assessors to fix the valua-
tion of property for taxation. In the exercise 6'f
that power, the assessors of every county come
under the same general law. They arc required
to make their assessments under th^solemnity of
the same oath. Yet, sir, the disposition to shirk
the payment of a fair valuation was so great a
little while ago, that some counties received more
for schools than they were required to pay in
taxes. Now, 1 do not believe that the molality in
other States is better than it is in the State of New
York. If the system should be adopted of leaving
each State to fix the valuation, some States, in
fixing it, would escape a portion of their tax. So
great had the evil become in New York, that we
had to appoint a board of assessors to visit the
counties and to look into the valuations made;
and my word for it, this system of collecting the
taxes by the States would not be m operation a
year before this Government would find it neces-
sary to establish some regulation to see that the
States make their assessments equal.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand the immediate
proposition before the House to be to makefile
same person both assessor and collector, discharg-
ing the duties of both officers under this bill.
This seems to be obviously objectionable. It
would lead most likely to irregularities and might
lead to corruption, and, therefore, I think that the
proposition ought not, and probably will not, be
entertained. While this is the only legitimate sub-
ject before the committee, gentlemen have gone on
to traverse the whole bill, and would under the
ruling have had the right to discuss any featuic of
it even at this stage of its consideration.
But, sir, the question that has been introduced
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling] is probably more germane to the mat-
ter which is receiving now the attention of t]ie
House than some others that might have been pre-
