21U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
explosiqn bis face was burned and his eyes ileal !y
ruined. So seriously was his sight impaired that
for the last forty years ho has been unable to
read. He had received no pension, nor even a
bounty land warrant, at the date of Ins applica-
tion.
MivDUEIX. I move to strike out " Secretary
of War," and in lieu thereof to insert " Secretary
of-the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
LOUISA ABERT jBYRNE.
' A bill (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Louisa
Abert Byrne.
The-bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior place the name of Louisa Abert Byrne,
widow of the late Surgeon Bernard M. Byrne, of
the United States Anny, on the pension roll, at
the rate of forty dollars per montlr, from the 6th
ef September, 1860, for and during her natural
life.
It appears that the petitioner is the widow of
Bernard M. Byrne, who was a surgeon in the reg-
ular Army, and who died of yellow fever at Fort
Moultrie, in I860, while in the discharge of his
duty, that she has three young children, and asks
a pension of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, instead of forty dol-
lars a month, the bill provide for only eight dollars
a month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
MILO SUTFjTFF, ETC.
A bill (H. R. No. 330) for the relief of Milo
Sutliff and Levi H. Case. [Objected to by Mr.
Holman.]
limits OF JOHN DENIIAM, ETC.
A hill (H. R. No. 339) for the benefit of the
heirs and administrators of John Denham and
George Tovvnley, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
Maynard.]
HEIRS OF CAPTAIN JOHN MOUNTJOY.
A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the benefit of the
legal heirs and representatives of Captain John
Mountjoy, deceased, an officorof the army of the
Revolution. [Objected to by Mr. P. A. Conk-
LlilG.]
A. II. JONES AND II. M. C. BROWN.
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of A. H.
Jones and H. M. C. Brown. [Objected to by Mr.
Holman.]
JOHN B. MOTLEY.
A bill (II. R. No. 359) for the relief of John B.
Motley.
This bill provides that #298 87 be appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be paid to John B. Motley, of
Omaha City, in the Territory of Nebraska, for
compensation in fu 11 for his services as actin0- See-
retdiy of said Territory from March 23 to'julv
12, 1858.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This is a just bill and ought
to be passed. It provides for paying Mr. xYIotluy
the salary of Secretary of Nebraska Territory
during the time that he discharged the duties of
that office.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask for the reading
of the report.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is no report in this
case; but^ my colleague [Mr. Richardson] can
&tate the facts from his own knowledge.
Mr. RICHARDSON. During the; time I was
Governor of Nebraska, Secietnry Cummtrigs died.
Tins man Motley was in the office of the Secrc-
ta/y and I appointed Inm Secretary in the place
of Mr. Cummings, but the authorities here re-
juseu to pay him the salary of Secretary. The
bill only provides for some $289, winch Mr. Mot- i
ley is justly entitled to. I
Mt. HOLMAp, What is the salary of the :
Secretary of Nebraska? i
Mr' HOLVfAN*80^' Tw° thousa,Kt dollars. !
tl,V«, 'l ^iAiN' W,'13 .any other person paid
s,llal y of Secretary during the time for which
we propose to make tins allowance >
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir. "
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ED]YIN W. JOKES.
A bill (EL R. No. 363) for the relief of Edwin
W. Jones.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Edwni W.
Joijies on the roll of invalid pensioners of the Uni-
ted States, and that he be paid at the rate of eight
dollars per month from the 4th of March, 1859.
By the report it is shown that the petitioner
was a private in company B, fifth infantry, Uni-
ted States Army, in the late war with Mexico.
It appears from the certificate of Dr. Coolidge,
the Army surgeon, that on the 20th of April,
3848, the petitioner was honorably discharged on
account of general debility. It appears that he was
attacked with diarrhoea, which became chronic,
and up to the 29th of December, 1859, has con-
tinued upon him; and by the pioof of three re-
spectable surgeons he is now peifectly prostrated
from the effect, and unable to perform manual
labor. The proof shows that there is every prob-
ability the disease will continue during life.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out " 4ih day of March, 1859," and in-
serting " 16th day of May, 1862." It has not
been the policy of the Government to go back
with these pensions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to make an
inquiry in reference to this case. It is, why this
pensioner Jones does not draw his pension m
conformity with the existing provisions of law
from the Commisssioner of Pensions?
_ Mr. WOOD. I will state that when the pen-
sioner was discharged from the hospital, he was
suffering so much that he neglected to get the cer-
tificate of the surgeon of the regiment.
Mr, P. A. CONKLING. Has that additional
evidence been supplied?
Mr. WOOD. It has.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported tfl $he House.
ROBERT P. "WINSLOW.
A bill (H. R. No. 379) for the relief of Robert
F. Wmslow.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this is one of those cases
—and there are many other such—which are cov-
ered by the general bill reported by the gentleman
Horn New York from the Committee of Claims,
I object to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Indiana is mistaken about this case being covered
by the general bill to which he has referred. I do
not suppose that any case similar to this has oc-
curred during the progress of this rebellion. The
case is this: YVinslow raised some six or seven
hundred men 
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Who gave the au-
thority to raise them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Secretary of War,
Mr. Cameron. He went on under that authority
and raised his men, and in consequence of some
causes, for which he was not responsible and for
which he could not be responsible, thev were di-
verted from his command and given to another.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me also say that he had
authority from the Governor of the State.
Mr. RIC1IARD.SOX. Yes, sir; he also had
authority from the Governor, as my colleague
says. He was doubly armed and his cause was
just.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I object.
ABELARD GUTHRIE.
A hill (H. R. No. 381) for the relief of Abelard
Guthrie. [Objected to by Mr. Blake.]
MARTIN F. CONWAY.
A bill (H. R. No, 398) foi the relief ofMARTisr
F. Conway.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid to Martin P. Conway the sum of $4,023 GO,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, as additional compensation and
mileage to him as a Representative in the Thirty-
Sixth Congress from the State of Kansas.
Mr. MENZiES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill. It is to reduce the amount
stated in the bill to £3,176 20. This amendment
is suggested to me by a fact which came to my
knowledge after the report was made,and i have
not had an oppoitunity to bimg the matter before
the Committee of Elections. The committee be-
lieved that it was equitable to pay Mr. Conway
for services as Representative in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress from the time when it was believed that
Kansas should have been admitted asaState; and
one mileage which he had not received. The
mileage paid is $1,273 60. I ascertained, by look-
ing at the books at the Treasury Depaitment, that
the mileage which he did receive for the Thirty-
Sixth Congress was §2,080. Our Committee on
Mileage have ascertained that errors used to be
committed in giving mileage to the Delegates and
Representatives fiom Kansas, as well as to those
from a good many other parts of the country; and
it is nothing but equity now that the excess re-
ceived by Mr. Conway then should be credited
upon this bill now. Instead of having received
§250 on his pay, he received §291; and that differ-
ence of forty-one dollars added to $806 40, the
excess of mileage received, makes §847 40,'which
deducted from the amount proposed in the bill
originally, leaves the amount 1 propose to sub-
stitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Really, Mr. Chairman, I
cannot see the force or righteousness of the argu-
ment which is used in this case. The gentleman
comes here and claims n seat as Representative
from Kansas before Kansas was admitted as a
State. 1 most decidedly object to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the bill.
DISPUTED LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
A bill (H. R. No. 399) to provide for the quiet-
ing of certain land titles in the late disputed ter-
ritory ill the State of Maine, and for other pur-
poses.
J'he bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I give notice that I shall
object to ail other private bills.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having-
resumed the chair, Mr. Train reported that the
committee had,accordingtoorder,had the Private
Calendar under consideration, and had ordered
him to report certain bills to the House, some
with and some withoutameiidrrients, with arecom-
mendation that they do pass.
Mr. FENTON. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bills.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York not to call the previous ques-
tion, and we will pass all the bills in a few min-
utes.
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY.
The bill of the House (No. 278) for the relief
of Joseph C.G. Kennedy, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole without amendment, was or-
dered to be engrossed,and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN B. MOTLEY.
The bill of the House (No. 359) for the relief
of John R. Motley, reported from the Committee
of the Whole without amendment, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly road the third timu°
and passed.
SYLVANUS IiURNHAM.
The bill of the House (No. 237) for the relief
of Sylvanus Burnbam, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole with an amendment, was
taken up.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
LOUISA ABEHT liYKXE.
The bill of the House (No. 32S) for the relief
of J_,ouisa Abert Byrne, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole with an amendment, was next
taken up.
. The amendment, which was reported, was to
strike out " forty" and insert " eight," so that it
will read " eight dollars per month."
