1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Point officers because of the mode of their appoint-
ment, and because there is no board of examina-
tion. Well, sir, everybody knows that the plan
ofappointmentisdefecti've, but Congress has never
yet had the wisdom to devise a plan to improve
that mode of appointment, and I should like the
Senator from Kansas to give us a plan. If he can
devise one let him give it to the Senate and the
country. The objection that he makes in regard
to the officers of a want of brains, may apply to
the Presidency, to the Senate, and to the House
of Representatives.
The Senator from Wisconsin desires that a
large portion shall be appointed from the ranks.
Well, sir, the theory is a beautiful one; it is a
democratic theory. But how is itin practice? The
present Secretary of War, influenced by that sen-
timent, undertook to inaugurate that policy in re-
gard to the eleven regiments authorized at the last
session of Congress, and I say here to-day that it
has utterly failed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The regiments hnvefailed.
Mr. WILSON. The regiments have failed to
a great extent. Of the twenty-six thousand au-
thorized by the bill, about seven or eight thousand
have been raised; but what has been the fact in
regaid to those second lieutenants that weie to be
selected out of the ranks? The result has been
that favorites have been put into the ranks for a
day or two, and then made officers. [How?]
Through their friends, who, in the service, had
control of that matter. Such a power will be
abused anyhow; and as the Senator from Iowa
has demonstrated here to-day, by a reference to
the record, and no one can doubt, that if our ap-
pointments had been made from the country at
large our Army would have been moie disloyal
than it has been. What loyalty you have had in
your Army during the last few years has grown
out of the fact that the officers came mainly and
chiefly from West Point, and that they went into
West Point by the appointment of Representatives
representing the sentiments of the people of the
country, and that the officers of the Army were
not made up by Jefferson Davis and by John B.
Floyd and the men who are nowm treason against
the country. Instead of West Point adding to the
Army of the United States men disloyal to the
country, I believe that that institution has trained
and given to the Army of the country men gener-
ally who are more loyal than the section of coun-
try from whence they came; and to-day many of
the noblest, bravest, and best men in the service
of the country were educated at West Point and
came from States now in rebellion against the
Union. I think we had better abandon that kind
of opposition to West Point; but, sir, standing to-
day upon the doctrine that this nation is in peril,
that we need means to carry on this war against
the gigantic rebellion arrayed against us, that we
must put a large direct tax on the country, that
we must raise revenue from every source whence
revenue can be derived, that we must reduce our
own salaries and the salaries of men engaged in
the civil and military service of the country, I am
willing to let this bill fall, to allow West Point to
remain as it now is: and on that ground I shall
not press the passage of the bill.
Mr. NESMITH. If this were an original ques-
tion looking to the establishment of the Military
Academy at West Point, or one of a similar char-
acter, the argument of economy which has been
presented by Senators would have very £reat
weight with me; but inasmuch as it is not, inas-
much as the institution is already established,
inasmuch as the buildings are there, and the pro-
fessors are there and are paid, and all the para-
phernalia necessary to the cairyingon of a perfect
course of education at that school exist to-day, I
am opposed now to curtailing the efficiency of the
school by refusing to appoint cadets there. The
Senator 1'iom Iowa has, 1 think, very satisfactorily
demonstrated that the passage of this bill will but
very slightly increase the expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
The argument ispresented here that this war is
about to close, and that we are to require no fur-
ther military discipline or education. When Sen-
ators shall succeed in convincing me that the mil-
lennium is about to approach, and that we shall
have no further use for an Army, then, I think it
will be ample time to dispense with the idea of
educating ofticeis for the military service. How-
ever well men may be trained in the field, and
however well they are being trained in the field,
we know that there is a want of engineering and
other sciences connected with the different corps
of the Army, and that that cannot be obtained in the
field. I apprehend that the few young men who
will be graduated at West Point under the pro-
visions of this bill will not be more than sufficient
to keep up the scientific corps of the Army upon
any peace establishment which we may hereafter
have. We do know that the greatest military
power of modem days has proceeded in the edu-
cation of its officers upon the same principle that
we proceed in educating them at West Point. We
do know that they have fine military schools in
France, patronized, supported, and sustained by
the Government, at which they graduate their offi-
cers. We do know that they have the very best
officers in the world. I think that we can improve
upon their experience. It is fallacy and nonsense
to suppose that a man who has been bred to a civil
profession is, all at once, by having a pair of epau-
lets placed upon his shoulders, made an accom-
plished officer. Men do not catch the military
science by inspiration, neither do they catch it as
they do the small-pox or the measles. They must
be educated to it, and West Point or some similar
institution is necessary to enable them to obtain
that education.
The Senator from Kansas remarked, as an
objection to the institution, that men were grad-
uated there who were deficient in common sense.
That is a deficiency I believe about as prevalent
and extensive as the human race. We know that
there arc as many safeguards thrown around West
Point, and around the classes who graduate there,
as around almost any other condition of society.
We know that there are annual examinations.
Men may sometimes, I suppose, be endowed with
remarkable and extraordinary talents, and have
the power of acquiring all the arts and sciences,
and still be deficient in what is generally known
as common sense; hut if they have the military
education, that makes up for one deficiency. Men
arc selected from civil life-and placedin high com-
mand who arc entirely destitute of military edu-
cation and common sense both. We have illus-
trations of it every day. Men have been selected
from civil life who have neither military education
nor common sense; and if one of these deficien-
cies can be remedied, if, by the passage of this
bill, and the increase of the expenditures of the
Government to the extent o£ the few thousand
dollars which the Senator from Iowa has demon-
strated, the deficiency of military education will
be removed, then, I suppose, to carry out the idea
of the Senator from Kansas, we should establish
a professorship of common sense in the institu-
tion. I suppose that men are graduated there
who are stupid; we find them in all the walks of
life; but it is not an objection to the institution
itself. I do not know where to place the objec-
tion. It may be, perhaps, in the examining offi-
cers; it may be in the selection of the members of
Congress, or it may be with God Almighty who
creatcd the men.
But the argument of treason, which has been
brought against officers educated at West Point,
is the most astonishing argument that I haveever
heard prescntedhereorelscwhere. Sir,theprescnt
wide-spread treason which pervades this country
has not been confined to any particular profession.
It has pervaded all ranks and all classes. It was
incubated, it had its inception, right hero in the
seats of this Chamber in which we stand. If you
are going to abolish West Point because officers
who graduate there turn traitors, you had better
abolish the Senate, because you had some traitors
in it.
I say the reason does not apply. Treason has
pervaded all ranks and all grades of society. It
is true it has been more prevalent in the southern
States than it has been here. We know it has
pervaded the pulpit; we know it has pervaded the
politicians; we know it has pervaded the legal
profession, and has extended to every class of
individuals. I think it is unjust to the officers of
the Army, and to this institution, to bring the
charge of treason against them specially. Our
officers have conducted themselves with the great-
est fidelity to this Government. There may be ex-
ceptions "among them, as there are in all classes;
but, as a general lule, we do know that the men
who have distinguished themselves in this war,
or a majority of them, have been graduates of
West Point. We do know that there are facilities
offered therefor obtaining an education that there
are not elsewhere. I am no particular advocate
or defender of West Point; I never saw the place
in my life; I never had a friend or relative there,
and I never expect to have; but in view of die
necessity of giving men a good and fair military
education in order to conduct successfully acam-
paign, I am in favor of perpetuating the institu-
tion, and in favor of the passage of this bill.
Now, sir, the argument of economy is a very
plausible one, and I indorse all that has been
said by the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military; Affairs on that subject. I
would go for curtailing the expenditures of the
Government wherever there could properly be a
curtailment; and I would go further; I would go
for curtailing the thieving. I was pleased this
morning when 1 heard the announcement from
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
that he intended to introduce a bill for the pro-
tection of the Treasury. I think, sir, we have
more to fear from improper, obscure, and unseen
leaks than we have from the public appropriation
bills which pass this body. We have to-day the
gratifying spectacle of half a mil'ion of men in
arms in the field engaged, desirous and anxious
to vindicate the laws and protect the Constitution.
We have on the other hand the melancholy spec-
tacle of half a million of men, more or less, desir-
ous and anxious to steal something. [Laugh-
ter.] Yes, sir, they want to steal something; and
they are not confined to the lower grades; they
arc not confined to arty particular grade. Like this,
wide-spread systemoftreason,thcy pervadeevery
rank of society, from the highest to the lowest;
and I believe that there are to-day men high in
office, high in position in this Government, who
are coining the life's blood and patriotism of this
country into filthy dollars to putinto their pockcts.
I believe there arc such men high in the confi-
dence of this Government. If you do not believe
it, read the reports that have emanated from the
investigatingcommittee of the other House. Cast
your eye over the country; see what is being done;
see how contracts are being let; see who are the
favored few who areexecuting them, and then you
will have some idea of what is becoming of the
money of the country.
The people of this country have stepped forth
with a liberality and magnanimity unparalleled in
the history of the world to advance money; and
what has become of it? The money has been
absorbed, and nothing has been done; the money
has been stolen and squandered; and 1 believe to-
day that one half the appropriations made for the
prosecution of this war have been stolen by men
who are in office, and hangers on, and contractors.
I would be in favor of applying as stringent a
lule in this direction as I would in any other;
and I would be in favor of the application of that
efficient remedy which Napoleon discovered, and
that is to elevate fraudulentcontractors, and swin-
dling, speculating, and peculating officers by the
neck. That is the way to put an end to it; and
you will never do it by the civil power of this
Government. If you talk abouteconomy, do not
make it applicable to a little appropriation for the
education of a few young men for the service of
the country, butputthe knife to the rightsource;
cut off the thieves from the Treasury, and there
will be no trouble then about the appropriations.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am pleased with
the remarks that have been made by the Senator
from Oregon; but I am disappointed, and, if he
will allow me to say, dissatisfied with the result to
which he comes. I sympathize entirely with the
remarks which he has made about the frauds that
have been committed upon the public Treasury,
about the army that is waiting to advance on the
enemy, and the army that is waiting to advance on
the Treasury; but I tell you the ormy that has
made war on the Treasury has made a very bril-
liant campaign of it. [Laughter.] It has been one
series of triumphs, and they have beaten always.
I confess that from a recent visit to the North,
where public virtue stands no lower, to say the
least, than it docs in other parts of the country,I
have been pained and mortified beyond endurance
to learn how the generous confidence with which
this people have furnished men and poured out
money has been abused and trampled upon. It
beats all credulity. I stand here to-day to say—-
and I say it with shame and humiliation, and I
