3146
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
districts. As our armies march through these
insurrectionary districts, society is more or less
broken lip and destroyed. It is necessary that
we should send along with the armies which de-
stroy, a reconstructing power which is necessary
to all societies where men exist.
But, sir, I do not feel inclined, nor do I feel
abieat the present moment, to go into a discussion*
, of this grave question. I believe it to be one of
the gravest questions that was ever presented in
this body, and it ought not to be hurried through
in a single moment. I hope that, instead of being
postponed indefinitely, it may lie over until to-
morrow, and if no other Senator should offer any
amendments, I desire myself to make some sug-
gestions; and I have no doubt that the honorable
Senator who has charge of the bill,aflei* hearing
the debate of to-day and the suggestions which
have been made, can put the bill in such a shape
that, it will meet the almost unanimous support of
the Senate.
Mr. CARLILE. I certainly have no objection
to the suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and will not press a vote fhis evening on my mo-
tion, but will allow the bill to go over informally,
as he desires. I think it is but duo to him that
that should be done. I will reply, however, in a
word, to the remarks of the Senator, in relation
to the necessity of this Government establishing
a judicial system for the States. So far as the
laws of the United States are concerned, we have
judges; wo have laws providingfor their appoint-
ment; and if the offices ore vacant now by the
resignation or the traitorous conduct of those who
have filled them, wc have nothing in the world
to do but to fill them, ami all the judicial power,
in my humble opinion, that the Constitution con-
fers upon the Congress of the United States can
be exercised now under the laws as they exist,
wherever the rebellion is suppiessed. 1 do not
think it ever was the purpose of the founders of
this Government that matters of civil government
within a State, municipal regulations, and all the
various transactions that occur between man and
man in a State, should be provided for by the
Government of the United Suites; but the State
itself was expected to take care of all matters of
internal concern. I am perfectly willing that the
suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin, that the
bill go over until to-morrow, shall be acted upon.
Mr. HARRIS. There is much force in the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Wisconsin. I
appreciate what he has said. So far as the bill
provides lor the exercise of legislative power, I
am free to say that I am not very strongly attached
to the provision, 1 do not.suppose that it will bo
very important or very valuable; and if the bill'
ran be modified in that respect so as to secure a
greater number of votes, secure the approbation
of the Senate more generally and fully, I should not
struggle much against striking out that provision
in jiie third section. So far, however, as it relates
to the provision for the exercise ofexecutivepower,
the appointment of a Governor, I regard that as
important, indeed, necessary to carry out the pur-
poses of the bill. 1 think a provision for the. ap-
pointmentof Governor and judges,clothing those
judges with power to perform the duties of judges
of the United Slates couits.as well as of th'e State
courts of the State for which they are appointed,
will make the bill a very efficient and useful bill.
So tar as the legislative power is concerned, I do
not care a great deal about it.
1 should have no great objection to postponing
the bill until to-morrovv were it not for the fact
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
has already given notice that to-morrow he will
call up the tariff bill, and in alt probability that
will be allowed to have a preccdence over this, and
in that way this bill will bo crowded out. As we
are approaching the close of the session, are prob-
ably in the last week of the session, my fear is
that even if the bill shall pass the Senate, we
may not be able to get it through the other House.
Under these circumstances, 1 do not like to con-
sent to the postponement of the bill. Still, it" Sen-
ators prefer that it shall go over until to-morrow,
I will not snuggle against it.
Mi. SUMNIill. I suggest, then, to the Senator
that he make it the special order for to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HARRIS. I fear that may be voted down.
Mr. SUMNER. If wedo that, the Senator from I
Maine will probably postpone his tariff bill until I
the next day. The debate to-day has been in-
structive. Attention has been given to all the
points.
Mr. HARRIS. I will consent that it be made
the.special order for to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very sorry to see this
bill get the go-by. I am earnestly for some bill
of this kind, arid exceedingly regret that the Sen-
ator having charge of it should consent that it go
over until to-morrow. It is very manifest that
that is the most efficient way to defeata bill of this
kind, by delay. Why cannot we dispose of the
bill to-day as well as any day? If a majority of
the Senate are for postponing it indefinitely, and
no one wishes to speak, why not take that ques-
tion ?
Mr. HARRIS. I seo no objection to taking that
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is said that the Senate is
thin. The reason of that is that we are approach-
ing the close of the session. It will be thin to-
morrow, and thin whenever a bill comes up for
discussion. At this stage of the session it is almost
impossible to keep members in theirseats. I think
this is the very time to go on with the bill. Still,
if its own peculiar friends postpone it, 1 cannot
liehi it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, and that it be
then made the special order, which requires a vote
of two thirds.
Mr. HARRIS. I suppose to ascertain the fact
whether two thirds are for the motion, it will re-
quire a call of the yeas and nays. Under these
circumstances, especially as I see that Senators
who are most friendly to the bill are in favor of
going on with it, I should prefer now to go on
with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the bill be postponed and
made a special order for to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that motion will not
be pressed. Let us take the yeas and nays on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia; that is a test
question.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot find anybody who made
a motion tu postpone. All seem to deny it; and
I think it falls by general consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Themotion was
submitted by the Senator from Wisconsin, and at
the suggestion of the Senator from New York it
was amended so as to make the bill the special
order for to-morrow. So the Chair understood.
■The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YUAtf—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Collamer,
towan. Dims, Doolitlle, Henderson, tlow.-ud, Howe Ken-
nedy, MeDouii.ii], Ncsimth, Powell, Simmons, Ten EvcJj,
anil Willey—17.
NAYS—Messrs. 01 mncllur, Clarfc, Fessemlen, Foot.
Gi lines, Hale, Harlan. Harris, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Moriill, Stark, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Wilson or Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—20. '
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. CARLILE. I renew the motion to post-
pone the bill indefinitely for the purpose of taking
the sense of the Senate upon the principle involved
in it, and with the indulgence of the Senate I de-
sire for a moment the ear of the Senator from
Wisconsin. That Senator intimated that the bill
might be so framed as to organize a judicial power
m these States for the purpose of affording the cit-
izens there, as the rebellion is suppressed,' the pro-
tection of the courts. Now, sir, I desire to call
his attention to the second section of the third ar-
ticle of the Constitution of the United States, lim-
iting the power of the Government of the United
States to exercise judicial authority in the States;
and expressly, in words not ambiguous or doubt-
ful, defining the extent of the power that shall be
exercised through the judicial department of this
Government. The first section of this article de-
clares that" the judicial power of the United States
shall be vested in one Supreme Couitand in such
inferior courts as Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish." The second section j^oes
on and defines the judicial power of the United
States thus:
1 lie judicial power shall extern) to all eases m laiv and
equity, iirisusg under this Constitution, tlie Uuvs of the
looted States, and treatiea made, or tthieli shall be made
miller their authority; to all cases affecting embassadors'
Other public mlnisteis, and consuls; to all cases of admi-
rality and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to which
the United States shall be jy^arty; to controversies between
two or more States ; betvrcen a State and citizens of an-
other State; between citizens of different Stales ; between
citizens of the same Slates claiming lauds under grants of
different States; and between a State, or the citizens thereof
and foreign State?, citizens, 01 subjects."
In only one instance can the judicial power of
the United States be used in a State between the
citizens of a State, and that is where they claim
lands under grants of different States. Now, sir,
have we not a judicial power? Has not Congress
already provided by law for the exercise of all the
judicial power conferred upon this Government
by the Constitution of the United States through
the courts already created and in existence; and
how can the object which I understand the Sena-
tor to desire be accomplished in pursuance of the
Constitution, and in the face of the limitations
contained in it which 1 have read ? Sir, you have
no power to create State courts for the determi-
nation of questions arising between the citizens of
the same State, within that State, other than in
the instance specified and enumerated in this sec-
ond section of the third article of the Constitution,
or authorizing the organization of a judicial de-
partment.
Wow, sir, 1 imagine that the fact that the Pres-
ident of the United States as Commander-in-Chief,
not as the civil head of this nation, but as the head
of the military power of this Government, has
found it to be convenient, right, and proper, in a
faithful and merciful discharge of the duty which
is imposed upon him to protect and defend the
Constitution, to send into each of the States of
North Carolina andTennesseeagentleman whom
we have chosen to call a military Governor, has
given rise in the minds of Senators to a necessity
to provide fur such an appointment by law. You
have no such power. General Johnson and Mr.
Stanly are no more Governors in the legal, con-
stitutional sense of the term to be used and exer-
cised by the Congress of the United States, than
they are judges, or marshals, or district attorneys.
We have dubbed them "military Governors;"
and because the President has, in the exercise of
such a power as I have referred to, sent these gen-
tlemen out there as adjuncts to the Army, to mit-
igate, if possible, the rigors and the horrors and
the severities of this war, by exercising, as far as
they can in a civil capacity, civil jurisdiction, as
adjuncts, I repeat, to the military power of the
Government, Senators have supposed that it was
infringing upon the prerogatives of the Senate,
who have the right to be consulted, and to pass
upon the nomination and the confirmation of every
person selected by the President to fill a position
under this Government.
The President is not under the Constitution re-
quired to consult the Congress of the United States
as to the manner in which this war shall be con-
ducted. He is not compelled to send a civilian to
aid the military m the discharge of the great duty
which he has to perform, which is to suppress
this rebellion. As the head of the military power
of this Government, he is not required to consult
the Senate in any appointment that he may make.
Appointment really is not the proper term to be
used. He has selected an agent, tie does not
choose to call him a brigadier general or a major
general, a captain or a corporal. He sends him
there to exercise, in obedience to the military
power and in aid of the military power, certain
civil duties for the purpose of mitigating, if pos-
siblc, the horrors ot the war and of winnin0, back
those who for a time have been deprived*^ the
protection which their ordinary State governments
gave them. That is the whole reason in my hum-
ble opinion that has suggested to many Senators
the necessity of regulating by law the power of
the President in the selection of these adjuncts to
his military operations, which he has mide, I re-
peat, as the head of the military power of the Gov-
e'n™ent>ancl nof as head of the e,ivil power of
the Government. I submit the motion that the
bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HARRIS. Wc can sometimes test the
value of an argument by the consequences of the
position assumed. Now if the argument of the
Senator from Virginia be sound, we may as well
surrender at once, and let the rebellious States go.
If he is right in his position, we stand in this pre-
dicament. We may conquer every rebel State,
wc may suppress the rebellion; we may by the
strong arm of military power destroy every rebel
