204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
would to God that the necessity did not exist for
me to say it—that some of the highest officers of
your Government are not exempt from the cen-
sure which ought to rest upon those guilty of these
frauds upon the public Treasury. [" Put them
out.*'] £ have not the power to put them out. I
would he ready, and I am not certain that the time
hastvot come for it; I am willing to vote for it; I
am anxious to vote for an act which shall punish
with death a delibera te fraud upon the publicTreas-
ury in time of war, when the nation is bleeding at
every pore, and patriotism is taxing itself to its
utmost to sustain the Army in defense of the Con-
stitution. I say, deliberately, I would punish any
man who would perpetrate a deliberate fraud upon
the Treasury of such a people at such a time with
death; and 1 think the country will have to come
to that, I say that such a man is unfit to live
under the privileges and the opportunities which
belong to such a country as ours, and to such a
Government as ours.
But, sir, this general talk amounts to nothing,
if, when we come to the practical application of
the doctrine, we say 44 this is a small thing; we
will not apply economy here; we will pass some
hundred or two thousand dollars more for West
Point—that is but a trifle." It is true it is only a
trifle; hut then there will be another bill coming up
for the Naval Academy, and that will be a trifle;
and then my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] last session gave some honorary pro-
motions and brevet ranks to some officers that in-
creased their compensation only a trifle; and then
my other honored friend from Maine [Mr. Fes-
sendent] with force and eloquence advocated and
carried a bill increasing the compensation of the
revenue officers—it was only a trifle; and in that
way, on every hand, we have gone on—excellent
preachers upon economy and very poor experi-
menters.
Now, sir, I am against increasing the West
Point Academy; I am against increasing the Na-
val Academy; and I am for enlisting in that home
guard, if to do nothing else, that shall protect the
Treasury of the United States from public plun-
der. I tell you, sir, tin's lias become a matter of
necessity; and if we do not do it soon we sluill
have no Treasury to protect, no country to de-
fend. Sir, I will welcome anything under heaven
which should awaken this people—excuse me, I
believe the people are more awake than the Gov-
ernment—anything that shall wake up this Gov-
ernment in all its branches to the importance of
the issue in which we are engaged, and the neces-
sity of the means to which we must resort. I
hope that taxes will be laid—one hundred and
fifty or two hundred millions of dollars. I think
nothing short of that should be laid. The crisis
of the hour has come; the crisis of this country's
history is about to culminate; and we arc about
to demonstrate to the world whether or not we
can maintain a free Government. We cannot
maintain it, and we ought not to maintain it, if
we are ascorruptasthe practices upon ourTreas-
ury would load one to believe; if public corruption
has become so general, and the public conscience
lias become so callous that the things which are
daily practiced before our eyes can be practiced
and tolerated by this peopleund this Government.
Look, sir, at the report to which the honorable
Senator from Oregon has referred. I tell you that
the facts which have been disclosed by that com-
mittee are such as ought to make every member
of the Senate and of the House of Representatives
hang his head in shame. Such things are exposed,
spread out to the light of heaven and earth, and
men see them; and what do they? They say:
" Well, it is too bad; it js not right; I do not
blame you for talking so;" but, sir, is anything
done? Has anything been done to purge this
Government of the men that are feedingthemselves
luxuriantly and fraudulently upon the very life-
blood of the nation? Has anything been done
to purge this Government itself of treason and
traitors, and thieves and robbers? But very little;
and I tell you, sir, the public will not stand it, and
they ought not to stand it. If these things go on,
there will be a rebellion in the loyal States worse
than there ever was in those which are now in
rebellion against this Government; and there ought
to be. They will not stand it; and they ought
not to stand it; and I say, for one, that, in my
humble sphere, and with such ability as God has
given me, I declare war to-day, not upon the se-
cessionists on the other side of the Potomac, but
upon the public plunderers on this side; and I call
upon the Senate, f call upon every man who thinks
we have got a Government and a country worth
defending, to see to it that we defend it from foes '
that are striking more deadly blows than any that
have been received in any of the disasters which
have befallen our arms at Ball's Bluff or Bull Run.
Sir, I did not mean to be led off into this train
of remark; but some of the remarks made by my
friend from Oregon—and I was glad to hear them—
and by others, have called it out. Acting on the
principle which I have stated, without indorsing
anything at all that has been said against West
Point or in favor of it, I shall go against this bill
increasing the number of cadets there, and I shall
go for every measure that looks in the slightest
degree to any reformation in this behalf.
The honorable Senator has suggested that we
ought to pass a bill reducing all salaries. 1 agree
to that, sir; and we ought to levy a tax thntshall
put to the test the patriotism of this people. I am
willing:, from my narrow means, to be taxed as
liberally as you desire, and I believe the country
are willmgto be taxed; buttheyaskthat the means
which they give to you with such a lavish hand
shall not be appropriated as they have been appro-
priated heretofore. I hope the Government will
wake up, and I hope this Congress will wake up
to some mode or some manner to vindicate them-
selves and vindicate the integrity of the Govern-
ment from the assaults that have been made upon
it. In accordance with the notice I gave this morn-
ing, I intend myself, if nobody else of more abil-
ity undertakes to do it, to introduce a bill,at a very
early day, which shall make a deliberate fraud u pon
this Governmentin time of war, punishable, if not
with death, which I think it ought to be—some-
body, however, has suggested to me that that
would be going too far; it would create too great
a demand upon our finances for hemp to introduce
such a measure [laughter]—but if we do not do
that, I think it ought to be made a punishable
offense, making them work at hard labor in the
State prison; but I do not want to pursue this
subject now.
I understand my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] intends, at no very distant day, to
submit his views on maritime rights. I may take
occasion at that time to say something myself on
that subject, and in connection with that subject
some practical references to our condition at the
present time in relation to some recent action of
this Government. I am not going to censure the
Government for any well-meant effort, though 1
may differ from it. Though I think they may
have made a mistake wide as it is possible, yet
wherever I see honesty of purpose and patriotic
intention, there I support the Government and the
Administration, each and every member of it,
yielding my humble judgment to the greater wis-
dom of those who have acted. But, sir, we are
in critical times; we arc in perilous times; and the
danger is not over the river; it is not in secession;
it is at home; iris amongst ourselves and amongst
our own people.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I want to say
just on this occasion that after all the evils I have
heard denounced here, and after all the calamities
I have heard the country threatened with, I, for
one, am not scared. I am going to vote against
this bill. I am going to vote against it because I
believe the military profession to be one of the
most honorable and most lucrative professions
known to our people, as eagerly sought after as
any other, as tenderly indulged and fostered by
the Government as any other. In saying this, I
give you what is my fundamental reason for say-
ing that the Government ought not to assume the
burden of educating its candidates for that profes-
sion. You say it is an important one. Admit it.
Is not that profession important to which you
submit the health and the lives of yourselves and
your families? But the Government does not
educate your doctors. Is not that profession an
important one to which you submit the care and
cure of your souls5 But the Government does
not educate your ministers. Is not that profession
an important one to which you submit the care
and preservation of your purses, dearer to many
of you than your bodies and souls both? But
the'Government does not educate your lawyers.
Average the sums which the Government dis-
burses among its officers upon the number of your
officers, and average the aggregate incomes of any
one other profession among the numbers of that
profession, and you will find the salaries of your
officers are vastly more liberal than those of any
other profession; their income is larger. Let them
educate themselves. If you will make the avenues
to your commissions not through a close corpo-
ration's it is now, butthrow them open to merit,
and submit the great work of military education
to private enterprise, as every other branch of
education is, you will have ten men educated for
the Army where you have one educated now.
Sir, 1 have a boy of my own. 1 do not think he
will ever follow the profession of arms. I do not
know anything about it. I would be very glad to
have him receive the physical training which a
military education gives while he is obtaining a
scientific education; and if I could have him edu-
cated at such a school as I believe West Point is,
instead of taxing the Government $590 a year, I
would pay $590 a year to secure him that educa-
tion; and I am not a solitary instance. There are
abundance of families everywhere who would do
the same.
And yet, sir, I do not mean to make any war
upon the past history of the military school at
West Point. I believe it has done a brave work
for the country. It has furnished an expensive
kind of education at a time when too many who
desired and deserved such an education were un-
able to command it. It is no longer the condition
of the country. Boys who desire and deserve
these educations can now command them, and will
do so.
It was said the other day by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that the tendency of the
school at West Point, as he believed, was to pro-
duce martinets instead of soldiers. 1 think the
Senator was mistaken. Such is not the tendency
of that school. That sometimes martinets are
produced instead of soldiers, may be very readily
granted; but they are pioduced in spue of the
tendencies, and not in accordance with the tend-
encies of that school. Every system of education
produces supeilicial, inefficient scholars. I once
heard of a very ingenious Vermonter—I suppose
he must have been a very ingenious man—who
invented a machine of which it was said you could
feed it with hemlock brush and it would turn out
white ash rakes with every tooth pinned in. I
never saw the machine in operation. I do not
undertake to dispute the story; but I undertake
to say this: that no ingenious man has ever in-
vented a system of education which you could
feed with fools and from which you could turn out
masters of arts. You get martinets in your mil-
itaryschool because you send ninnies there. You
have a ri^ht to expect them.
I do not vote against this bill, therefore, because
I underrate the services which that academy has
rendered to the country heretofore. I say to-day,
sir, if we had an extra class, and an average class
of West Point graduates, with which to supply
commands for our Army, if I had at my control
the resources of the country, I would pay a million
of dollars for them to day; but we have not got
them, and we cannot get them.
Nor do I vote against the bill because traitors
have been found m the ranks of those who have
been educated at that academy. They did not
learn treason there, it has been well said here, and
I will not repeat it.
Nor, sir, do I vote against this bill because the
Government can not afford the sum of money which
itwould cost to its Treasury. I beg leave to say
in answer to what has fallen from the chairman of
the Committee on Militmy Affairs, that I do not
believe our country is drifting into bankiuptcy.
Sir, we are expending a great deal of money,
but the purpose for which we are investing it is
worth an unlimited sum more than anything we
have spent or we propose to spend; and how are
we expending it? The Government is disbursing
$500,000,000 to the people. There is some interest
to be paid. It is to be paid to the people, and
the people are not likely to be bankrupted by any
such process as that. You talk about a tax of
§150,000,000, and a tax of $200,000,000, as if it
was going to astound, to stupefy the people of this
country. While you are disbursing $500,000,000
among the people, do you not suppose they can
return $200,000,000 to you ? Rut you are disburs-
ing that for the services and for the provisions
which are rendered to the Government itself. All
