1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
collector, the collector may or may not be required
to call in assistants for the collection of the tax.
In Indiana the collector, after giving notice that
he will receive the taxes of each township on a
certain day, is only obliged to spend one day in
each township, after that he sits in his office,and
the delinquents are reported, the delinquencies
forming a part of his credit. In this bill they do not
go to the credit of the collector; he must account
for the full amount of his roll.
What the provision is in regard to slaves, I do
not know—whether they are to be turned over
specifically or not, whether they are to be consid-
ered chattels or not, whether they are to be con-
sidered dutiable articles or not. These collcctors
liave duties assigned them, running through the
whole twelve months of the year, and through
each of the thirty days of those twelve months,
and it is utterly impossible that they can discharge
their duties efficiently unless they have a large
corps of deputies.
Now, who ever heard of employing more than
one jurisdiction to perform the highest functions
of government?—for of ail the high functions of
fovernment the collection of taxes is the highest,
t is the most arbitrary. It requires the mostpo-
tent machinery. 2 tun notcertain that this learned
committee has even introduced machinery enough
in the bill to insure the safe and prompt collection
of these taxes. I doubt very much if they have.
"Where is the posse to aid the. assessors in entering
into private premises and ascertaining whether
there arc any taxable articles there? Where is
the tribunal to aid them? Where the penalties to
be inflicted for opposing the exercise of their
power? I do not find them in the bill.
But I wanted to call attention to the amount of
duties to bo performed in the collection of this
$150,000,000 of taxes. How does that sum com-
pare with the aggregate of all your State taxes?
The largest of the States do not collect half then-
revenue from taxation. They get it from miscel-
laneous sources. The Empire State of the gen-
tleman who makes this proposition, collects half
her revenue from duties on salt, and o(her duties
which do not require the employment of collect-
ors. But here you have got to have a corps of
collectors distributed throughout the entire con-
fines of lite Union. Can a collector in Indiana do
the duties required of him? By no means. I
should be most happy if he could.
Now, J want the people to know the price of
war. I want to jet them know the cost o^patriot-
ism. I want to let them philosophize on the sub-
ject. The Government cannot get along without
revenue. It must be obtained.
At this late hour, Mr. Chairman, I shall not
undertake to say how impracticable is the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New Yoilc, [Mr.
Roscoe Conkling.] So far as the expression of
opinion goes, it is evident that that is the view
which the committee takes of it. I should behind
if it could be adopted. I should be glad to relieve
the Administration of the odium of sendingihe
tax gatherer—for the third time only,! believe—
through the confines of the Union. But this is one
of the great necessities of the hour, and we are
bound to submit to all the necessities and exigen-
cies winch this great occasion imposes. J. have not
yet seen a feeling equal to this high duty. 1 do
not think that we have yet mounted to the height
of that duty which the country calls on us to ex-
ercise. This is one of the most delicate duties we
have to pe^'brm. I trust we shall meet it promptly,
and that we ahull not have a bankrupt Troasut y,
owing to delinquent collectors, collecting for their
State and for the Federal Government at the same
time.
I do not know what the estimate of the com-
mittee is of the expense that will be incurred in
the collection of this revenue. I believe that in
England it costs from four to ten per cent. In
Ireland and Wales it icaches as high as ten pet
cent., and where their system is reduced to the
utmost degree of efficiency, it roaches ft om four to
ten per cent. I think it likely if may reach that
amount m this country, and perhaps exceed it.
But whatever it is, I trust we shall not cuter upon
a system for collecting it that will prove a dis-
credit to the bill, and to the management of the
war; that we shall not establish machinery that
will prove wholly inadequate to the accomplish-
ment of its purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. I sympathise entirely
with the spirit of the amendment, and with the
spirit of the remarks of the gentleman ft on) New
York [Mr.RoscoE Conkling] accompanying it.
1 think it is important, if it is piacticable, that the
States shall collect these taxes, not because I de-
sire to exclude from the States the officers of the
Federal Government, or to prevent the Federal
Government from exercising within State limits
any of its legitimate functions, as the gentleman
from New Hampshire suggested, seemed to be
the desire of some who approve of this amend-
ment, but because I believe these taxes can be col-
lected through the agencies of State authorities, if
indeed they can be so collected at all, with much
less expense to the people and without that exas-
peration which I am sure will follow if this im-
mense army of Federal tax gatherers are sent forth
through all the States.
Now, in my own State we have a complete ma-
chinery by which our taxes are collected. The
people are visited once every year by the assessor,
and twice every year by the tax collector, and I
am quite certain that if they are again to be vis-
ited by the assessor, and still again by the tax
collector of the Federal Government, they will be
harassed to a degree of exasperation of which
gentlemen now can have but little conception.
I am not prepared to say, and I regret it, that
the scheme is entirely practicable; and yet 1 am
not prepared to say that the objections are such
as cannot be overcome. [ perceive at once the
difficulty raised by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] in relation to stamp duties, and
in relation to licenses which are authorized to be
issued; and yet I believe, I cannothelp believing,
that there is ingenuity enough among the gentle-
men of this House to devise a scheme by which
others than this army of Federal officers shall be
called to perfoim the duties devolving upon the
assessois and collectors provided by this bill.
The suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Wieki.iffej] that it was an attempt to de-
volve upon State officers certain duties which could
not be imposed upon them by the Federal Govern-
ment, 1 think is without weight. There is no such
pioposition made. The proposition is to permit
the States themselves, in the exercise of their State
powers, to assume duties which otherwise the
Federal Government would perform by its own
officers, reserving, as the gentleman from New
York well said, continually the power in the Fod-
eial Government to set in motion the machinery
ptovided by this law in case any State should at
any moment fail to perform the duties which it
had assumed to perform.
I do not see why the, assessors and collcctors
charged with the duty of assessing and collecting
the State, county, and municipal taxes of the State
of Ohio may not also, to a certain extent, and
perhaps entirely, be charged with assessing and
collecting the taxes levied by this bill. I do not
rise, however, t.o discuss that question. I am not,
myself, yet quite convinced of the practicability
of this scheme; butl rise to call the attention of the
House to the fact that strenuous opposition was
made by gentlemen, when the tax bill was before
us at the last session of Congress, to the proposi-
tion made to allow the States to assume and collect
in their own way the taxes to be imposed.
Gentlemen cannot have forgotten that when the
bill proposing a land tax was in trod need, my friend
fi om New Yotk [Mi. ii0bc0e Conkling] submit-
ted a proposition cognate entirely to this. He pro-
posed to permit the several States which were
willing to assume the duty of collecting tins land
tax in their own way, they in the mean time as-
suming to pay the money assessed upon them by
the Federal (government. And, sir, we heard
then the same statements that we have heard to-
day- The members of the Committee of Ways and
Means told us that it was utterly impracticable.
Gentlemen of high legal attainments in the House
told us that it was utterly impossible to charge
that duty upon a State, or even permit a State to
assume the petformance of the duty. It was said
that if a State undertook to collect these taxes, it
would not be competent for it to levy upon the tax-
iible propeity within its limits for that purpose.
The same line of argument, and the same argu-
ments which have been used here to-day were put
forth on that occasion to prove the utter impracti-
| eability of the scheme. Yet what was the result?
|! A debate followed which, eonsideung the nature
t! of the subject, was more waimly contested than
upon any occasion since I have been a member of
the House. The debate was as able in its char-
acter as any to which I have listened upon a sub-
ject of a practical character on any occasion. But
the amendment was at last incorporated into the
bill, and what has been the result? Every State
which has taken any action on the subject up to
this time has assumed the payment of its quota.
I am told that every State whose Legislature has
met since the passage of that bill has assumed its
quota with the exception of Delaware.
I make this statement upon the authority of
others; but I believe it to be true. If we had acted
upon the suggestion of the Committee of Ways
and Means, no SJtate could have been relieved
from the odium of the visits of the tax gatherers
to be appointed under that bill, unless upon an
actual assumption of the amount of the tax. But
we found the scheme of the gentleman fiom New
York practicable then, and, with this experience,
I hope the House will not now determine that it is
impossible to devise a scheme which shall relieve
the State from the presence of the tax gatherer to
be appointed under this bill.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the objections to which
he lefers as having been overcome at the last ses-
sion were not against investing the States with
the posver of collecting taxes—were not directed
against a portion of the bill other than that which
proposed a direct tax5 I think they were not
applied to the land tax.
Mr. PENDLETON. My impression is that
they were not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say,
so far as the Committee of Ways and Means are
concerned, that 1 believe that was the only point
to which any objection was taken. No objection
was urged to the power of the States to assume
the payment of a direct tax; it was to the other
portion of the bill that the discussion was directed.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no disposition
to do injustice to the Committee of Ways and
Means, or to any gentleman upon it. If the gen-
tleman says I was mistaken, I stand corrected.
Mr.ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
from Ohio will allow me, I will say that it is of
no importance except so far as it bears upon the
question we are now discussing; but the gentle-
man from Vermont will certainly remember that
when the proposition referred to was made in this
House in the last session it was with regatd to
the direct tax bill,and that alone. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means says I am
right. I am so in point of time certainly—the
House will remember that, because it was a dis-
cussion in which the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] and other gentlemen took part, in re-
gard to the constitutional scope of the words " di-
rect tax." Certainly that was so.
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot be mistaken as
to the point suggested by the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I think that the
legal point made before the tlouse at thnt time
was, whether the State could have any power to
levy the tax m any other mode—that is, whether
it could levy it upon anything but land.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. So far from the
gentleman from Vermont being right, we were told
that this bill was a copy of Mr. Gallatin's bill,
and that so 1 tteially was it copied, that its nomen-
clature was carried into it, although totally inap-
plicable to our piesent geographical divisions.
We were told that that was the mode suggested
then, and that it was proved by experience to be
the true mode. What the gentleman suggests was
a subsequent consideration. It was, whether tax
being put upon the land by the Government, the
State could turn around and collect it upon per-
sonal property.
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot be mistaken as
to the point stated by the gentleman from New
Yoik,and which I was about to state when he
asked me to give way. That discussion took
j place, as must bo recollected by every gentleman
| who took an interest in the discussions of that day,
I and lasted for some time. My colleague [Mr.
I Bingham] made along and able speech on the sub-
| ject. The whole aigument was gone over as to
the right of a State to raise a tax thus assumed by
j it upon all its taxable property. It was suggested
ji that the scheme was impracticable. Difficulties
j | were suggested as to the means by which the State
