1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8147
• in arms, but that being.done, each of these States
would be at liberty to sajgta us, " we will not
come back into the Unionwill not be gov-
erned under the Constitution of the United States,
and you have no constitutional power to send us
a Governor or send us judges; we will govern our-
selves as we please under the confederate consti-
tution, and your Constitution is so imbecile, is so
imperfect, that it is impossible for you under that
Constitution to help yourself to send us ever any
government to enforce our own laws, and we re-
pudiate your Constitution and laws, and we shall
be governed as we please under this confederate
government." That is the consequence of the ar-
gument.
Mr. CARLILE. "Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not wish to detain the
Senate by replying; but I would inquire of the
Senator, aa an answer to his argument, whether,
if these people in the seceded States never form a
State government, never have State courts, it will
prevent this Government from the execution of its
judicial power, of all its laws within their limits?
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly it will, accordingto
the argument of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly not.
Mr. HARRIS. My doctrine is this: that your
glorious little State, sir, [Mr. Anthony in the
chair,] or my State, any State, however small or
however large, in this Union, has a right to de-
mand of the General Government that each State
in the Union shall be governed under the Consti-
tution of the United States in a republican form
of government; and that it means that the laws
of that State shall be executed, and that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall see that they
are executed. I understand that the Constitution
of the United States has that vigor in it, and that
it is not so perfectly powerless as gentlemen here
have seemed to suppose; and that when we have
subdued this rebellion, if the States will not organ-
ize themselves under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and return to theirallegianceto the Gov-
ernment of the United States, the Government of
the United States has a right to send the proper
officers there to see that the Constitution and the
laws of those States are executed among their own
people. I understand that that is the power, that
that is the duty of this Government; and if 1 did
not, I should be disposed to let them go.
Mr. CARLILE. One word in reply. Have
we not, sir, within the last fortnight, exercised
our constitutional power of impeachment and re-
moval of a judge of the United States court in
the State of Tennessee? Is it not in our power,
if it has not already been done, upon the Presi-
dent sending us in a name, to confirm a successor
to the party removed, and shall we not through
his court, and through the other Federal tribunals
within these States, the very instant that you have
suppressed the rebellion, be enabled to execute
all the laws under the Constitution, as passed in
pursuance thereof by the Congress of the United
States? And if the people ofthose States choose
beyond that to forego the blessings of a State gov-
ernment, if they prefer anarchy to a republican
government, they cannot put themselves beyond
the power of this Government to execute within
their respective limits all the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States, and all the
laws made in pursuance thereof, I think that that
is a sufficient answer to the Senator; and the fal-
lacy ot the position assumed by him is admitted
by himself when he puts the question, can we
not upon demand of a State, at the request of a
State, do thus and so? Sir, have those States
made this demand of you ? Have they requested
you to deprive them of the highest distinguishing
characteristic of the people of this country, the
right to frame their own government for them-
selves, to determine for themselves who are to be
their State officers? Have they not this right
under our form of government? And have you,
under the assumption that they come and ask
you to do it for them, the right to assume, in the
face of the fact, that they have made any such
request, and that if they were to make it, the ex-
ercise of such a power, and the granting of such
a request on the part of this Government, would
be a virtual abrogation of all the limitations of
the Constitution, of all the rights of the people
under it, and a blotting out of all State linos ?
Mr. WILKINSON. It is notto be supposed,
I apprehend, that a South Carolinian will ever
come to the Congress of the United States to re-
quest that the laws and Constitution of the United
States shall be enforced within their borders.
Mr. CARLILE. That is not the question I
put; if the Senator will allow me, it was whether
they had come with the request that you shall
make a State government and State laws for them.
I say you can enforce your own laws.
Mr. WILKINSON. Nor, sir, as it is pro-
pounded by the Senator from Virginia, is it likely
that they will ask the Congress or the Govern-
ment of the United States that any laws shall be
made to be enforced within their borders. The
Senator from Virginia propounds the question, is
not the judiciary of the United States in full oper-
ation in South Carolina? Let me ask that Sen-
ator a question. Suppose he, as a loyal citizen of
the United States, should be found within the State
of South Carolina, and should be robbed; they
repudiating all obligations to citizens of any other
State in the United States under the Constitution,
would the Federal judiciary have any control over
such acts ? Would the Federal judiciary protect
the rights of citizens within that State? As I under-
stand our judicial system, there must be a legal
power and legal authority to protect the rights of
citizens within each State and within each Terri-
tory of this Union.
The arguments of the Senator from Virginia, and
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, amount to an
acknowledgment in toto of the doctrine of Jeffer-
son Davis; it is the doctrine of secession, and noth-
ing else; it is the doctrine that, if one State of this
Union proposes to separate itself fiom the author-
ity of the General Government, it may do so, and
there is no constitutional power within this Gov-
ernment to prevent its doing so. I thank the Sen-
ator from New York for the zeal he has mani-
fested in favor of this bill, and for the arguments
he has adduced in its support. In my judgment,
it is the bounden duty of this Government to pro-
vide for the protection ofevery citizen of the United
States anywhere and everywhere within the con-
stitutional limits of the United States; and if the
people of the State of South Carolina use up in
rebellion against the constituted authorities of
the Government, and if the people of that State
refuse absolutely to protect the rights and the in-
terests of the people of the several States of the
Union whenever they happen to go into and tarry
in that State, it is the bounden and solemn duty
of the Federal Government to see that those peo-
ple are compelled to do it; and if they refuse, it is
the duty of this Government to provide that the
interests and the rights and the liberties of every
American citizen who happens to tread his foot
within the limits of South Carolina shall be pro-
tected. Now, this sophistry of the Senator fiom
Virginia and the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
we have no power to establish a system which
shall protect the rights of American citizens in
South Carolina, because the people there are all
opposed to the Federal Government, is the doc-
trine of secession, of nullification, of every heresy
which would destroy this Government.
The Senator from Virginia, in a boastful way,
inquires if these States have asked for any such
law. Sir, they are criminals against the law, and
until they lay down their weapons of rebellion,
they havo no right to be heard in court or in the
Congress of the United States. They are in open
rebellion, and the Senator from Virginia is plead-
ing for them here. They are murdering the loyal
people of the United States. What right have
they to be heard? When we talk of enforcing the
Constitution and the laws of the Government what
right have these rebels and traitors to be heard ?
When we are framing a judicial system that shall
enforce the Constitution and the laws of the Gov-
ernment, and enforce the rights of every citizen
of the Government, by what philosophy, by what
legal right does the Senator from Virginia ask that
these men shall be heard?
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator, I see, certainly
misunderstood what I said, or he would not put
the question he does to me. I never asked any
such thing; I never said any such thing; 1 merely
called the attention of the Senate to the remark of
the Senator from Ne w York, who said thatifa State
demanded thus and so, the Congress ofthe United
States had the right todo certain things. I am not
pleading, and never expect to plead in this body
or any other, for secession or secession States;
but I do feel it a duty incumbent on me to stand
by the Constitution of my country, and to protect
all its people in all their constitutional rights; and
when I deny the exercise of its power, I-am de-
nying it for the benefit as much of the Senator's
constituents in his own State of Minnesota as for
the constituents that I represent upon this floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood the Senator
to ask the question, if these States had requested
the passage of any such law.
Mr. CARLILE. No sir, I did not ask the ques-
tion. I merely quoted the remark of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand the object
and purpose of this bill to be a declaration on the
part of tlie General Government that the constitu-
tions and the laws, made in pursuance and in sub-
ordination to the Constitution ofthe United States,
should be enforced in all the States of this Union.
That is the explanation that is given by the Sen-
ator from New York, and that is the reason why
I am in favor of it.
I hold that the Constitution and the laws of the
United States, and all State laws that have been
made in pursuance thereof, should be enforced by
this Government, if it has the power to do so, in
every State of this Union. I hold, furthermore,
that if any State sets itself up in rebellion against
the Government of the United States, and if every
man within its limits should declare that he wilt
have nothing more to do with the Government, but
ail array themselves in a hostile attitude against
it, it is the duty and the right of the Government
of the United States to make temporarily provision
for the government of the people that happen to
be within the limits of such revolting States, and
it is grounded upon the great law of necessity,
which is higher than the Constitution.
Mr. CLARK. It is on the Constitution itself.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is a law which, as the
Senator from New Hampshire says, rests on the
Constitution itself. Sir, John C. Breckinridge
stood on the other side of this Chamber at the ex-
tra session of Congiess opposing every act which
was presented here and was under discussion in
this body for the preservation of the Union-, op-
posing every one upon constitutional grounds. His
argument was that when you undertook to main-
tain this Government yon were trenching upon
the Constitution; and every time that any act
which had a tendency to uphold and maintain the
Government has been introduced from that day
to this, so.me man has arisen here or in the other
end of tins Capitol to oppose it on the ground that
it was trenching upon the Constitution. There
fiave been arguments promulgated here to-day
bv the Senator from Pennsylvania, which, if they
be true, if he maintains the correct constitutional
ground, show that we are wrong, that this Gov-
ernment is guilty of the most wholesale murder
and cruelty that any nation in the world ever prac-
ticed. Sir, if the doctrines of the Senator from
Virginia, and if the other and worse doctrines of
the Senator from Pennsylvania are correct, every
man who gives his vote to prosecute this war is
imbruing his hands clear up to his shoulders in
human blood. It is the wickedest war that was
ever waged upon the face of the eaitli if the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is correct. If the State of
South Carolina has a right to go out whenever
her people say so, then Mr. Lincoln, in carrying
on this war against the State of South Carolina,
is worse than Nero, and he may well sit and fiddle
while this carnage is going on in front of Rich-
mond. If, as the Senator from Virginia says, we
have no right to establish any system by which
civil rights shall be protected m the State of South
Carolina, the quicker we abandon this war the
better. If these theories are correct, I am guilty
for every dollar that I have voted to carry on this
war, and for every vote that I have given to raise
soldiers to defend the Constitution and laws of the
country. I hope that this bill will not be indefi-
nitely postponed, because if there is power to
maintain the authority of the Government in the
revolted States, there must be some law to prevent
local anarchy and confusion in their midst.
Mr. COWAN. The doctrines which I have
asserted here are thought by the Senator from
Minnesota to be most extraordinary and most
mischievous. I am sorry that he takes that view
of them, but at the same time I desire to say that
it is because he and many other people have over-
