1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
218?
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole; it was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LAND FOR AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 298) donating public lands to the several
Slates and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to grant to the several
States an amount of public land equal to thirty-
thousand acres for cach Senator and Representa-
tive in Congress to which the States are respect-
ively entitled by the apportionment under the cen-
sus of 1860; but no mineral lands are to be selected
or purchased. The land, after being surveyed, is
to be apportioned to the several States in sections
or subdivisions of sections, not less than one quar-
ter of a section; and whenever there are public
lands in a State worth $1 25 per acre, the quan-
tity to which that State shall be entitled shall be
selected ft om these lands, and the Secretary of the
Interior is to issue to those States in which there
are no public lands of the value of $1 25 per acre,
land scrip to the amount of their distributive
shares in acres, the scrip to be sold by the States,
and the proceeds applied to the uses and purposes
prescribed in the act, and for no other use or pur-
pose whatsoever; but in no case is any State to
which land scrip may thus be issued to be allowed
to locate it within the limits of any other State, or
of any Territoiy of the. United States, but their
assignees may thus locate the scrip upon any of
the unappropriated lands of the United States sub-
ject to private entry. All the expenses of man-
agement and superintendence of the lands, pre-
vious to their sales, and all expenses incurred in the
management and disbursement of the moneys
which may be received therefrom, are to be paid
by the States to which they may belong. All
moneys derived from the sale of the lands by the
States to which they are apportioned, and from
the sales of land scrip, aie to be invested in stocks
of the United States, or of the States, or some
other safe stocks, yielding not less than five per
centum upon the par value; and the moneys so
invested are to constitute a perpetual fund, the
capital of which shall remain forever undimin-
ished , and the interest of which shall be inviolably
appropriated by each State which may take and
claim the benefit of the act, to the endowment,
support, and maintenance of at least one college
where the leading object shall be (without ex-
cluding other scientific and classical studies, and
including military tactics) to teach such branches
of learning as are related to agriculture and the
mechanic arts, in such manner as the Legislatures
of the States may respectively pi escribe, in order
to promote the liberal and practical education of
the industrial classes in the several pursuits and
professions in life. The grant of land and land
scrip hereby authorized is to be made on the fol-
lowing conditions, to which, as well as to the
other provisions of this act, the previous assent of
the several States is to be signified by legislative
acts.
1. If any portion of the fund invested, or of the
interest, shall, by any action or contingency, be
diminished or lost, it shall be replaced by the State
to which it belongs, so that the capital of the fund
shall remain forever undiminished; and the annual
interest shall be regularly applied, without dim-
* inution, to the purposes mentioned in the act, ex-
cept that a sum, not exceeding ten per cent, upon
the amount received by any State, may be ex-
pended for the purchase of lands for sites or ex-
perimental farms, whenever authorized by the
respective Legislatures of the States.
2. No portion of the fund, nor the interest there-
on, shall be applied, directly or indirectly, under
any pretense whatever, to the purchase, erection,
preservation, or repair of any building or build-
ings.
3. Any State which may take and claim the
benefit of the provisions of the act shall provide,
within five years, at least not less than one col-
lege, or the grant to such State shall ccase; and
the State shall be bound to pay the United States
the amount received of any lands previously sold,
and the title to purchasers under the State shall
be valid.
4. An annual report shall be made regarding the
progress of each college, recording any improve-
ments and experiments made, with their costand
results, and such other matters, including State
industrial and economical statistics, as may be
supposed useful, one copy of which shall be trans-
muted by mail, free, by each, to all the other col*
leges which may be endowed under the provisions
of this act, and also one copy to the Secretary of
the Interior.
5. When lands shall be selected from those
which have been raised to double the minimum
price, in consequence of railroad grants, they shall
be computed to the States at double the quantity.
6. No State, while in a condition of rebellion or
insurrection againsttheGovernmentof the United
States, shall be entitled to the benefit of the act.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed two
amendments to the bill. The first was, in section
two, line live, to strike out the word "worth"
and insert " the minimum price of which has not
been reduced under the graduation laws below;"
so that it will read, " and whenever there are pub-
lic lands in a State the minimum price of which
has not been reduced under the graduation laws
below one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
the quantity to which said State shall be entitled
shall be selected from such lands," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in the fifth clause of
the fifth section, line forty, to strike out the words
" double the quantity," and insert " the maxi-
mum price, and the number of acres proportion-
ally diminished;" so that the clause will read:
When lands tiiaff be selected fiom those which have been
raised to double the minimum price, in consequence of rail-
road giants, they shall be computed to the States at the
maximum price, and the number of acres proportionally
diminished.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should like to have
that bill passed over. I wish to have further time
to examine it. I move that it lie on the table for
the piesent.
Mr. WADE. I do not hear the Senator; he
does not talk loud enough.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
further time to examine the bill.
Mr. WADE. I will only say to the Senator
that this is the same bill, I believe, precisely, that
passed both branches of Congress two years ago
and was vetoed by Mr. Buchanan, except that
this grants a little more land than that bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is a bill that will
aifect the State I have the honor to represent, very
seilously, and I ask further time to examine it.
I believe that courtesy is generally granted.
Mr. WADE. I will not resist; but I believe
the gentleman's colleague agreed to the bill in com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I wish to say to the Senator that
I want to call up the bill at as early a period as 1
can; and I hope that he will look into it soon.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Immediately.
MEDALS OF HONOR.
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate joint resolution No. 82, to pro-
vide for the presentation of " medals of honor"
to the enlisted men of the Army and volunteer
forces who have or who may distinguish them-
selves in battle during the present rebellion.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its object is to au-
thorize the President of the United States to cause
two thousand " medals of honor" to be prepared
with suitable emblematic devices, and to direct
that they be presented, in the name of Congress,
to such non-commissioned officers and privates
as shall most distinguish themselves by their gal-
lantry in action, and other soldier-like qualities,
during the present insurrection; and it appropri-
ates $10,000 for the purpose of carrying the reso-
lution into eflVct.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
On motion ofMr.WILSON,of Massachusetts*
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole resumed
the consideration ofthejointresolution (S. No. 78)
to suspend all payments under the act approved
25th of March, 1862, entitled "An act to secure to
the officers and men actually employed in the west-
ern department, or department of Missouri, their
pay, bounty, and pension," and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is ah
amendment pending to insert, after the word "act,"
in the eleventh line the words " and in other simi-
lar cases."
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not in the Chamber
when the amendment was offered, and I do not un-
derstand the meaning of it. Before the vote is
taken upon it I shoultl like to understand its pur-
port. I do not know who offered it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I believe the
amendment was offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. HowardJ
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment was moved by the Senator from Michigan
not now in his seat.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, The amend-
ment provides that in similar cases to those named
in the resolution, the commission proposed to be
created by the resolution shall examine the facts.
I do not know that there is any particular harm
in that. The resolution merely provides that an
act passed in March last shall not be carried out
until a commission shall have examined the cases
arising under it. The Senatorfrom Michigan pro-
poses that this commission shall examine similar
cases. I do not know that any special harm can
come to this departmentfromadoptingthatamend-
mcnt, though I do not see the need of it. I should
like, however, to send to the Chair a letterof Dep-
uty Paymaster General Andrews, written some
weeks ago from St. Louis, and I desire the Secre-
tary to read the portion of it which I have marked.
The Secretary read as follows:
" I see the bill for paying the home guard* has passed.
God knows how much money in addition they will require.
If paid on their own evidence of service, by affidavit, it may
lake §3,000,000. If the Government lays down *ome proper
principles of payment, by lequtring sciutiny by a vigilant
and firm officer, to go round and take testimony at their
house?., and muster ihem in and out, where they have not
been mustered, $1,000,000 perhaps might meet their de-
mands so scrutinized before payment. As lo paying on their
own affidavit1:, daily occurrences justify me in sayjng that
their demands will be beyond anything like just demands.
One regiment, *o called, paid lately under genera! orders
No. 55 of General IJallcek, (Colonel Eads,) wad reduced to
foui companies, in the first muster out. Since then, tiuee
more companies, which never heretofore acknowledged
themselves to be of that regiment, finding it wa-s to be paid,
have sworn themselves for payment, and since they too were
paid, other companies aie claiming to have belonged to it.
Most of tlje corps called home giiaid3 have already paul
themselves richly by 'confiscating' property from Union
people an we!! as others, and have sold the property, or btill
retain cattle, iioi>oSj negioe-, United States prothions anri
clothing, See., &c., imd apptopiiaied u to their own use.
Home piovisions should be made, in any orders to pay these
troops, lo compel them to account, as far as possible, for
such property. I do not see how, wnh-thc number of offi-
cers we have, and the inefficiency of some of them, we can
pay these troops m addition to those engaged in the war,
as they are scattered all over the States* and in many cases,
in the interior, and very difficult ot access. The pa)m«nt
ought to be postponed until after the war, to make it any-
thing like a safe and proper one to the Government, and to
be made properly, a board of officers, or citizens, (from
other State?,) should be employed m the investigations ne-
cessary, in preference to a nmvteringofticer, unless he was
vciy firm,and highly efficient."
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that the amend-
ment ought not to be adopted unless we know ex-
actly what it means, and I confess that I cannot
understand what is comprehended within it. I
ask the Secretary to read the ninth, tenth, and
eleventh lines of the joint resolution, first without
the amendmentand then with it.
The Secretary:
There shall be appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, two commissioners to examine all
claims arising under the provisions of that act. and report
the same, with the facts connected thetewith, to the Sec-
retary of War.
With the amendment, these lines will read:
Theie shall be appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, two commissioners to examine all
claims arising under the piovisions of that act and in other
similar ease*-, and repoi t the sam*1. and the facts connected
therewith, to the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire whether
that amendment has been acted on by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not.
That is the question before the Senate.
