3148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
looked these doctrines that we find ourselves sur-
rounded to-day by such an unfortunate state of
affairs. We never shall maintain this Union or
this Government unless we pay a careful and strict
regard to the will of the people everywhere who
are to beobedientto thatGovernmcntand its laws.
To violate and to trespass upon their will, no mat-
ter how much they may differ from us m opinion,
is to insure ruin and disaster. In my humble
judgment, it was the duty of this Congress when
it first assembled, instead of disregarding the will
and wishes of the people of the slave States, vio-
lating all their notions of their peculiar institu-
tions, and going on in our own way, according to
what we thought the better way, to have paid the
strictest regard to their views, and I think that it
is partly because we have disregarded them that
we have come to where we are now. I am exceed-
ingly sorry for it, Mr. President, and I hope that
there may yet be time to retiace our steps. I think
I have never met n wise, true, sensible man who
supposed we could succeed in suppressing this
rebellion by arming against us the whole of the
people of those Stales. 1 think everybody who
was capable of looking calmly and coolly upon
the question must have acknowledged that fact at
the outset. Certainly, we started upon the suppo-
sition that we were going down there to reestab-
lish the State governments as they were before,
and to put the loyal people of those States in
power instead of the rebels, and thereby to restore
the Union. That was the idea which animated
the nation at the beginning of the war; perhaps
the resentment which lias been the consequence
of the protracted nature of the struggle may have
changed their opinions, and if so", I think that
change most mischievous. Certainly, nobody
can hope foi a successful result unless its effect
is counieiacted in some way. Unless we can by
some ipeans satisfy the people of those States that
we do not mean to violate their rights or overturn
(heir institutions, but to carry out in good faith
the guarantees of the Constitution, and to restore
over them the laws its they were before, are we
not wasting our blood and treasure in vain?
1 think that the country is now in tiiat crisis
when it behooves us all to stop and consider. If
the Union is to be preserved at all, it is only to be
preserved upon the basis thatall thedifferent parts
of it lire to enjoy freely their rights under the Con-
stitution. 1 Ionic upon tliemadnessof theattempt
to thrust emancipation down the throats of seven
or eight million people m ihu South just precisely
as I looked upon the attempt on the part of the
southern people to thrust slavery down the throats
of the twenty millions of the North. When they
had the powei, they would push slavery in upon
the ficeTeinlniiesof the North whether we would
or not. I hev were de/eated. And now, wiien
we have the power, can we not stop at the con-
slutiliomil line and avoid all measures which, as
they believe, tend to the destruction of slavery,
lathe! tlitui the rest,oration of peace? Cannot we
avoid giving them that offense—1 n\ean those, of
thru) who are loyal? Cannot we so frame our
laws and no fashion our legislation as not to put
weapons in the mouths of the rebels to enable
thtm to consolidate the people in n mass against
us? a
The Senator from Minnesota laments the slaugh-
ter of our fi iutids Will he reflect that these meas-
ures may have produced and brought about that
Biautfhfrr^ What is it that has brought ihatgroat
army ofiebels now to the vicinity of Richmond?
Is not the voi y soul which animates them " deatli
to the abolitionists and those who invade us with
thill view:" What is it tlmt puts courage in their
hearts ami strength in their aims? When one
lintls eig Hy-four dead rebels around a single bat-
tery m the endeavor to take it, is it not idle that
we snmiid balk the great tact that they are in earn-
est in resisting us? Now, what I want is simply
to make f riends among the people from whom they
come, if we. are to preserve union with them, I
think that is indispensable. We are not to mul-
tipiy iMu enemies there.
.\Ii. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
.Senator whether there is any measure that he
thinks he could pi opose which would conciliate
these southern citizens of the United States; and
if there is, I should like to have him name it.
Mr. CO WAN, (pointing to southern Senators.)
I here tnty aie; ask them. Every measure that
you propose they oppose; and what have you
gained by it? Have you made friends by de-
spising the counsel of Senators from Maryland,
Senatorsfrom Missouri,Senators from Kentucky,
and Senators from Virginia? I ask the question
again, in all seriousness, whether that is the way
we are to lock shields to defend the country, and
to stand up all together for the Union?
Mr. WILKINSON. I am not satisfied that
either in Maryland, or in Delaware, or in Western
Virginia, we have lost any friends by opposing
some of the positions assumed by those Senators
here.
Mr. COWAN. It is to be presumed that the
gentlemen who represent those States on this floor
represent their constituents truly, when they say
you have. They may not think as we do; they
do not think on all subjects as I do; and yet for the
sake of the Union, for the sake of the country, for
the sake of stopping this slaughter 
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, yes, they think with
you.
Mr. COWAN. It is hardly four o'clock yet.
For the sake of stopping this slaughter, I would
adopt their opinions in that behalf, find give up my
own views as to the best mode of satisfying and
conciliating their people; and if they have not told
us what we ought to do, they'have most emphat-
ically advised us what we ought not to do in these
times. I would not yield a fundamental right, as
for instance, the soveieignty of the nation over the
Territories of the United States, winch was the
right in dispute in (he contest of I860. I would
agree to yield, for the sake of peace, all minordif-
ferences to strengthen ourselves in the southern
States, make friends there, endeavor to divide, to
weaken, and to distract the rebellion; in short, I
would endeavor to make om selves successful. I
know I should feel the mortification and the hu-
miliation of a failure here as deeply us any other
man. I have as much at stake as any other man;
and we all have stakes. Feeling thus, I think at
this juncture, when we cannot all agree upon a
measure, we ought to lay it aside, even though it
might be safe enough in time of pence. In time of
war, when the very foundations of the Republic
seem to crumble beneath our feet,, is it the time to
divide, to exasperate,and toimtate? Iputitseri-
ously, honestly, and fairly.
A provisional government is contemplated by
this bill; are the men who know about what its
probable operation will be, in favor of it ? If they
are not, why should we thrust it upon them? If
they are in favor of the President exercising that
power by virtue of his commission as Command-
er-in-Chief of the Army, is it. not better to let it
be so? Do we gain by forcing it upon them ? lie
has not abused the power; nor will lie abuse it.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 would ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania what authority he has for the inti-
mation which he lias flung "out, tli.it if we pass
this bill it will meet with the veto of the Presi-
dent. It seems to mo that this is riding a pretty
high horsp in this body.
Mr. COWAN. I am utterly astonished to hear
that I have flung out such an intimation. I said
nothing about the President's veto, or his inten-
tion to veto, or what his opinions arc. I know
nothingaboutthem so far as this bill is concerned.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator to
say that in case we passed this bill it would prob-
ably receive the President's veto.
Mr. COW AN. I have said nothing of the kind;
the gentleman must bo dreaming.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; my car is always
attentive to my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. I said was it not better to allow
the President to exercise this power as he had
been exercising it, than to introduce here a meas-
ure which is calculated to distract and to divide
and to put us in antagonism with our friends from
the border States"wiio arc so necessary to us now,
and when we are to gain nothing by it. The Pres-
ident will go on and evereise the power under the
bill very niuch as he is doing now f suppose. He
has appointed a Governor in Tennessee, he has
appointed a Governor in Noith Carolina, he has
held and is now holding large territory by virtue
of his military authority in the premises. Why
not allow it to go on? Where is the necessity
for introducing this superfluous measure when it
is m opposition to the wishes of those who un-
derstand and represent the feelino-s of those to be
affected by the law. If there is to be government
down there, let it be a military government, audit
will be obeyed all the better—because it arises out
of the necessities of#e war; but do not let us
undertake to assume the power of providing pro-
visional governments which cannot be justified on
the ground of necessity.
Now, everybody knows that the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumneu] has a
scheme by which he proposes to turn all these
States, in case they could be conquered, into Ter-
ritories, that they shall be governed by the United
States as Territories, and then, when their people
come to their senses—this is the language of the
advocates of the schemfe—they are to be readmit-
ted into the Union upon terms. Mr. President, I
do not know anybody hardly who has not depre-
cated thatas a most mischievous scheme to agitate
just at present, and the mistake of this bill is that
it looks to that and is calculated to give color to
the idea that we favor that doctrine. I think it is
our duty, when it is in our power, to remove any
false impression calculated to injure our cause by
dropping any measure not absolutely necessary
and which we can get along very well without.
We are not now in an arena with a party on each
side of gladiators to play before the people, and
seek to win distinction by what are called politi-
cal manceuvers. We are here with the country
almost in its death throe, and it behooves us, with
the responsibilities upon us, now to endeavor to
reconcile our differences, and save it if we can.
How is it to be saved? Not by legislation, not by
irritating legislation, not by this provision and that
provision for the benefit of the negro, but it is to
be saved by war and by war alone, war against
the rebellion, kindness towards the loyal people
of the South, multiplying them if we can, inspir-
ing them with confidence if we can, and in that
way, and that way only, can the fabric of this
Government and of this Union be restored as it
was before.
Mr. President, that is why I deprecate this bill,
and all bills of the kind. We had a little measure
here this morning of no use to anybody, providing
that negroes should be allowed to testify. In time
of peace, 1 should have no objection to discuss
that question'and talk about it by the hour, be-
cause I do not think it would hurt anybody; but
now, in the excited condition of the public mind,
especially in the border States, I hold that nothing
more mischievous and more ruinous to the Union
cause could be mooted than a subject of that kind.
We have no objection in the North to allowing
negroes to testify, but people in the South have
very great objections to it, and we ought now to
respect these objections for our own sake.
Mr. SUMNER. That provision was only of-
fered in relation to the District of Columbia, right
under our own eyes B
Mr. COWAN. Right under our own eyes, if
you please, but in the midst of a population who
have been slaveholding up to this time, and whose
sentiments and opinions on thatsubject are utterly
and entirely in antagonism with the Senators who
framed the provision, and yet that law is imposed
upon them, and they are to submit to it. Why?
Because the Senator, and some of the people he
represents, have a fancy that it ought to be so.
At other times, perhaps, I should have no objec-
tion to it, but now, at this time, just in the crisis
of our affairs, cannot we forego a reform of that
kind until things are lestored again as they were
before? That is the reason why I oppose, and
have opposed, all these measures of every shape
and kind, and I am sorry to say that I think they
have had a very great influence in producing the
disasters which now surround us. What does
Jefferson Davis want? What is he anxious to
impiess on his people? That we are friends of
his, or enemies of his?
Mr. CHANDLER. Friends!
Mr. COWAN. I suppose, if Senators want to
make speeches, there will be an opportunity. It
is not necessary to gay in an undertone that which
cannot be very well answered; that which is, in
itself, a violation of all propriety, and of all good
manners, and which, in the answer, begets a like
violation. I trust my friends will abstain, and
when their time comes, they will have an oppor-
tunity of being heard.
But, Mr. President, is it not a notorious fact,
and does not everybody know it, that this rebel-
lion based itself upon the assumption that if the
Republican party came into power, if it got the '
reins in its hands, it would do—what? Assail
