1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
liouneeci that the House had insisted upon its dis-
agreement to the first amendment of the Senate,
to the bill (H.R. No. 341) to authorize the pur-
chase of com and for other purposes, and upon its
amendment to the second amendmentof the Sen-
ate, and that the House had agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate oil the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon; and had appointed
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Hooper of Massachusetts, and Mr. John "W.
Ciusfield of Maryland, managers at the same on
its part.
STEAM MACHINERY.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred House
joint resolution No. 51, authorizing the Secretary
of the Navjr to inquire into the causes of the fail-
ure of certain contracts for steam machinery, and
to remit penalties connected therewith, to report
the same back to the Senate with a recommenda-
tion that it pass; and I am requested to ask the
action of the Senate upon it at the present time.
If the Senate will give me their ear for about two
minutes, 1 will explain it to them. The Secretary
of the Navy entered into certain con tracts for steam
machinery; and as it was necessary to have it as
soon as possible, he fixed the shortest time in
which he supposed it could possibly be con-
structed, and affixed a penalty of $100 a day for
a failure. After that was done, the Government
seized a great many vessels, and actually got a
vessel which had been chartered to carry the ma-
chinery down East where some of the ships for
which it was intended were being constructed.
Thus they were actually unable, by reason of the
interruption of the coasting trade by the Govern-
ment, to comply with their contracts within the
limited time. This resolution simply authorizes
the Secretary of the Navy to inquire into the
causes of the failures; and if he thinks it just or
equitable, to remit the whole or any part of the
penalty.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
Air. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred Senate joint resolution No. 60, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a
commission to inquire into forfeitures incurred
by contractors under that Department, have in-
structedme to report it back, with a recommend-
ation that it be indefinitely postponed, as it relates
to the same subject-matter. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMAND OF TROOPS.
Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, to repot t a joint resolution (S. No.
68) to authorize thfc President to assign the com-
mand of troops in the same field or department
to officers of the same grade, without regard to
seniority. It is a veiy brief resolution, and t think
it is very importantthatitshould be passed speed-
ily. I ask for its consideration now.
The joint resolution was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that whenever military operations may re-
quire the presence of two or more officers of the
same grade in the same field or department, the
President may assign the command without regard
to seniority of rank; and also that he may dismiss
from the service at his discretion, without the sen-
tence of a court-maitial, any officer of the Army,
when, in his judgment, the efficiency of the ser-
vice wiH be thereby promoted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask if that has come
from a committee?
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Mili-
tary Committee authorized me to repoit it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a very gieat power to
confer upon the President, to dismiss an officer at
his discretion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
already passed a similar provision in another bill,
but it wj'11 take some time to pass that bill in the
House of Representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would rather consider
the last part of the resolution and not have it passed
so hurriedly. I see no objection to the first prop-
osition contained in it; but the section authorizing
the President, upon his own motion, to dismiss
an officer from the service, is an exercise of powfer
that I would rather consider before I act on it. I
hone the chairman of the committee will allow it
to lie over. It is a very extraordinary proposition.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The other
day we put the same provision in a bill here with
the unanimous consent of the Senate. I have no
doubt in my own judgment that the President has
the power already, but he might not wish to ex-
crcise it without an expression from Congress.
The Government desire that privilege, and we
have already put it in a bill that has gone to the
House of Representatives; but as there are a large
number of provisions in that bill—some twenty-
five sections—it may be some time before they
reach lL I believe the efficiency and the good of
the service demand that that provision be enacted
at once, and if it be enacted, it will be very spar-
ingly and carefully used. Its influence will be
mostbeneficial to the efficicncy of the service. The
first part of the proposition I understand the Sen-
ator does not object to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It may be that this has
been before the Senate and passed upon. There
have been a great many things brought before the
Senate and carried through withoutconsideration.
I have no doubt as to the manner in which the
present Executive would administer this author-
ity in any given case. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has no more confidence in the Executive
than I have; but it is, I think, a bad rule to allow
an officer to be, at the motion of the Chief Ex-
ecutive, displaced without an inquiry for the as-
certainment of facts. It strikes me so. I have
never heard the proposition before advanced here;
and if it has passed, it has passed without my
knowledge. I would rather hear some better rea-
son than 1 have heard as yet for it, therefore I shall
object to its present consideration. It strikes mc
to be unnecessary. The fiist proposition covuis
all that is necessary at present; that is, that the
Presidcn trnay appoint to command without regard
to seniority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objecting, the resolution cannot have
its third reading to-day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not wish to object,
except that 1 want to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go over until
to-morrow.
LAS ORMIGAS AND LA NANA GRANTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 114.
It is a bill that will not occupy much time. It
was postponed at the request of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] a few days since. I
think it can be disposed of in ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (II. II. No. 114) authorizing floats
to issue in satisfaction of claims against the Uni-
ted States for lands sold by them within the Las
Ormigasand La Nana grants in the State of Lou-
isiana, was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a thiid reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN SKIRTING.
On the motion of Mr. CLARK, the bill (S. C.
C. No. 103) for the relief of John Skirving, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the payment of $1,142
in full for his services in making designs, draw-
ings, working drawings, and measurements, in and
about the public buildings in the city of Washing-
ton, from 1842 to 186*2.
Mr. CLARK. I desiie to say in behalf of the
bill, that the claimant has been before the Court
of Claims and established his claim by competent
! and proper proof. It was then referred to the Sen-
| ate Committee on Claims, and I have examined
j the claim and think the bill ought to pass. And
i I desire to say further, in behalf of this claimant,
j that not having come near the Senate Committee
I on Claims nor beseeched anybody for the passage
i of his claim in this time of difficulty for the coun-
j try, I desire to help him along.
j The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
j be engrossed for a thiid reading, was read a third
j time, and passed. j
! RIGHT OF WAY OVER PUBLIC LANDS-
| Mr. NESMITH. I move to postpone all prior
! orders and proceed to the consideration of Senate 1
bill No. 123. It is very short, and I presume will
not elicit any debate at all. It is merely a bill for
the extension of the act to grant the right of way
to all rail and plank road companies, through the
public lands.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
123) to extend the provisions of the act of August
4, 1855, entitled "An act to grant the right of
way to all rail and plank roads, 5,&c., for the term
of five years, and to amend the same, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It declares that the provisions of the " Act to
grant the right of way to all rail and plank roads
and macadamized turnpikes passing through the
public lands belonging to the United States," ap-
proved August 4, 1852, and of the act extending
the same to all of the public lands of the United
States, approved March 3,1855, shall be extended
for the term of five years from the 4th dav of
August, 1862.
The second section of the bill provides that the
privileges granted in the acts of1852 and 1855 to
chartered companies shall be granted to any cor-
porations or companies organized and doing busi-
ness as such within the State or Territory where
public lands may be situated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and it was read the third time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator from Oregon that the title of
the bill and the text of the bill do not correspond
as to the date of the act referred to in it. The
title should be made to correspond with the text,
probably.
Mr. NESMITH. The text is correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be
amended to correspond with the text, by substi-
tuting 44 1852" for " 1855."
Air. HARLAN subsequently said: I desire to
enter a privileged motion. I move the reconsid-
eration of the vote by which Senate bill No. 123
was passed. I am not satisfied as to the legal
effect of the second section, ^kjlo not desire the
motion to be considered now, but merely entered*
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be entered.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the resolution which I offered
the other day, providing for the purchase of a
certain number of the Annals of Congress and
Register of Debates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That resolution
comes up m its proper order, and it will be read.
Mr. CARLILE. Before it is read, I move to
insert twenty, instead of sixteen copies.
Air. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Virginia that as no one of the members of the
Library Committee, who have special charge of
resolutions of this kind and subjects of this char-
acter, is present, this matter should be laid over
for the present.
Air. CARLILE. I will act on the suggestion
of the Senatorfrom Iowa. I withdraw the motion.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
On motion of Mr. RICE, the joint resolution
(S. No. 26) explanatory of a certain act therein
mentioned was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It had been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, with an amendment, to strike out
all after the resolving clause, and insert:
That the word <•'nouherly," contained in the fiist section
of the act entitled il An act granting public lands to the
tftate of Wisconsin," to aid in the construction of railroads
m b-aid State, approved June '3, 1856, shalJ be construed to
authoiize tin; location of the lino of rnihoad in said section
piovided tor upon any eligible loute *vitlun ranges sixteen
to twenty-tiuee, inclusive, ea^t of the fourth puneipal me-
ridian. And the line of rnihoad now located upon the
records of the General I,and Office, in pursuance of s-aid
act, is herebv authoiized to be changed within the fore-
going specified limits: Provided, That upon the constiac-
tion of the railroad upon b*ud new line, the State of Wis-
consin, its grantees or assigns, shall, however, receive the
same lands m like quantity and manner, and no othet. as
it or they would have received if such ldilload had been
constructed upon the line now located upon the maps of
the General Land Office.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it fwither resolved, That so much of the
public lands of the United State* lying near the mouth of
Fox river, in the county of Brown, and State of Wisconsin,
known as the Foit Ilowaid military reserve, as mav be
lequired for right of way ttaeUf, luuiout-, depots, woik-
shup-j. wharves., or other u>e*, not exceeding eighty acres
in quantity, to be selected by the agents of the Chicago arid
Northwestern Railway Company, (upon which the benefits
of said grant have been conferred by said State of VViscon-
