1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3149
slavery in every direction; that it would be an
abolition party. Is not that it? Was not that
the catch-word which inflamed the South ? Was
it not that which gave heart to the rebellion? Was
it true, is it true, that the people of the North are
abolitionists; that they desired to invade the rights
of the people of the South the moment they got
the General Government into their hands; that
they desired to assail this institution of slavery,
and overthrow it at all hazards? If it be true, I
never heard it asserted in the world before a north-
ern audience—never I On the contrary, I have
always heard it nailed to the counter as a slander.
"We do not mean that we have any right, or any
intention, to abolish slavery in the States; butwe
contended the nation was sovereign over the Ter-
ritories. If we have a majority in Congress, we
asserted the right to declare those Territories free,
and we will go there and put white men there in-
stead of black men." That was the sentiment
of the Republican party in 1860, Well, the rebels
took advantage of this dispute, and to charge the
abolition slander upon the North; because, I say
yet, it is a slander on the people of the North.
They never did care whether the southern people
had slaves or had not slaves', in a political point
of view. All they wanted was that the southern
people should respect their rights, and they meant
to respect theirs. I say the rebels seized upon
this slander.by circulating it industriously, and
by alleging that the Senator from Massachusetts
and his compeers was the head and front of the
Republican party, and that they were abolition-
ists, and that they would carry it out. They then
got up this rebellion. Why ? Because they were
assailed ? No; but because they expected to be
assailed. Good men bade them " hold, wait till
you are assailed, wait till your rights are in-
vaded." "No; we will take advantage of this
particular contingency; we will not wait till we
are assailed; we will rebel first." Then what was
our duty in the premises? I think, with all def-
erence to the opinions of everybodyelse,ourduty
was to endeavor to demonstrate to them that that
was a slander; to endeavor to show them that
instead of attempting to assail their rights, to over-
turn their institutions, or to do anything at all in
a spirit of revenge, but that we would administer
the Constitution and the laws strictly; and stand
upon them, and not put into their mouths the evi-
dence by which to support their allegation, as we
have been doing.
Now, sir, what is the effect of all these meas-
ures which contain in them provisions in regard
to this most irritating and unfortunate subject of
slavery upon the loyal people of these States? Ask
any of them. And yet that effect has been disre-
garded, and we are told day after day that it does
not matter what it may be likely to be, it does not
matter what those people say or do, that we have
been following their lead too long, we have been
listening to their counsels too long; and if we ex-
pect to succeed, we must utterly and totally dis-
regard them ! That is the language we hear on
the part of excessive and radical men, here and
elsewhere; but is that likely to succeed? Are we
to put down this rebellion in the present shape
which it assumes if we discard our friends in Ma-
ryland, our friends in Virginia, Kentucky, and
Missouri? Without their aid cheerfully given,
where are we to-day? Where is our Army to-
day, that grand, proud Army which we thought
almost shook the earth with its tread; which we
should have been willing to match against even
the most numerous and most powerful of Europe?
Where is it to-day ? It is only necessary to count
the graves of those who have fallen out of its ranks;
only necessary to number the wounded who come
home carried in its ambulances; and yet are we to
go on waging this war as if the country was at
peace, as if the abolitionists on one side were a
little party struggling against pro-slavery men on
the other side? I hope we shall postpone these
things to a fairer and better day, and that we shall
endeavor to avoid all subjects which are calculated
to alienate and divide us, and that we shall stand
together, as we must stand if we expect to suc-
ceed, shoulder to shoulder, presentingan unbroken
front to the enemy, and that we shall not furnish
any more material for the rebels to disseminate
among their people to give them token that we
intend to do the very things which they warned
them we would do.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President,nothing hassur-
prised me more than to witness the opposition
which the bill has met, the bitterness with which
it has been assailed. There is no person who is
more jealous of the rights of every rebel State than
I claim to be myself. I do not desire to impair
in the least degree, much less disregard or anni-
hilate, the constitutions or the laws of those States.
If there is any one thing that I desire more than
anything and everything else besides, it is to see
every one of those States come back into the Union,
with all its dignity, all its equality, all its unim-
paired rights, as they existed before this wretched
rebellion presented.itself.
Now, sir, what is the object of this bill, what is
to be the effect of this bill ? It is certainly not to
defeat any of those desired objects. On the con-
trary I supposed, I now suppose, that its direct
tendency and effect will be to promote this desira-
ble end, an end that we all unite in desiring. One
of two things must happen. All will agree we
must have a military government or a government
of law in these States. What surprises me most
of all is that these Senators, jealous as they pro-
fess to be for the rights of these States, prefer a
military government to a government of law—a
government of arbitrary power, a government of
unlimited discretion. What is the government
that is now being executed in North Carolina?
What is the restriction on the power of Governor
Stanly? No more than there is on the power of
the veriest despot in Europe. Suppose you want
to prosecute a criminal there, what is the law un-
der which that is to be done? What is the gov-
ernment now being executed under that excellent
man Governor Johnson, of Tennessee? Have
•they any laws there? Have they any courts there?
How are the laws executed ? The Governor is a
military officer, vested with absolute power and
unrestrained discretion.
Now, sir, I thought that it was safer, that it
was wiser, that it was better in such a case as that,
after the rebellion was suppressed, and before
these States were ready to return again into the
Union to assume the functions of independence
for themselves, during that interval to provide for
a government of law, that there should be officers
sent there by this Government in the exercise of
its paternal benignant power under the Constitu-
tion, to enforce those laws in a mild and equal
manner, that its citizens should know what their
rights were, and how to redress themselves when
their rights were invaded. It seemed to me that
this was far better; and I repeat the surprise that
I felt when I found this bitter hostility against a
provision so well intended, so benign in its effect.
I cannot suppose that Senators really appreciate
the object, the effect, the intent and purpose, of
this proposition. If I supposed it was to have the
effect to deprive these States of a single right, sub-
ject them to the least degree of humiliation I
would be the last to urge the passage of the bill.
I supposed the contrary to be the effect. I suppose
that those States are to be protected by this law,
not to be treated as Territories. Senators have
argued this question as though the operation of
this law was to treat these States as subjugated
Territories, as a sort of military prisons. I regard
this law as securing to them their rights as States
in this Union, as protecting them in their enjoy-
ment of their privileges as individuals or citizens
of those States, and as preserving their equality and
dignity as members of the Union. Unless 1 have
greatly mistaken the provisions of this law, such
will be its benign effect.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says, in substance, our Army is in ex-
tremis, and he asks who placed it there. I intro-
duced a resolution this morning, the object of
which was to elicit some information on that point,
and I intended to explain why I introduced it; but
the Senator from New York objected to the reso-
lution, and while I was upon the floor 1 found my-
self without a status; that is to say, I had no foun-
dation, I was down, I was taken off my feet. T
do not complain of the celerity with which the
Senator deprived me of the opportunity to make a
few remarks, especially as an opportunity has so
soon been presented to me to say what i wished
to utter when I submitted my resolution.
The army of the Potomac, when it moved upon
Manassas had two hundred and thirty thousand
men in its ranks, and the enemy had less than
thirty thousand at Manassas and Ccntreville. My
friend from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] assured me
the day before it marched that the enemy had one
hundred and sixty thousand men,and he gave me
the name of one of General McClellan's staff as
his authority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I said I believe I
said in private conversation.
Mr.CHANDLER. I begtheSenator'spardon;
I will take it back, then. I misunderstood him,
and X will say nothing about the one hundred and
sixty thousand. But, passing that, I said to that
Senator that they had nothad forty thousand men
in two months, and that there would not be a gun
fired at Manassas. 1 think my friend will indorse
that. Well, sir, our army of two hundred and
thirty thousand men marched upon Manassas, and
they found thirty-two wooden guns and eleven
hundred dead horses as trophies, and they marched
on towards Gordonsville. Those two hundred
and thirty thousand men could have marched to
Richmond in fourteen days, and they would not
have lost a thousand men m taking that city; and
yet the Senator from Pennsylvania asks who put
them in the condition in which they are now?
Who put them there? Mr. President, the answer
to the resolution which I offered this morning will
show who put them there, if the Senate of the Uni-
ted States will pass iK The press, the politicians,
and the traitors of the country have declared that
E. M. Stanton put them there. Sir, I declare that
E. M. Stanton had no more to do with putting the
army of the Potomac in the marshes of theChick-
ahominy than you had. This is a matter of crim-
inality. I admit that there is criminality, and gross
criminality, and criminality that, in my opinion,
willconsign the criminal to eternal detestation and
condemnation. The country demands a sacrifice
for this crime to-day. The press demands the
sacrifice of a mere clerk, an agent of your Com-
mander-in-Chief, the President of the United
States. Will it help your Commander-in-Chief if
the man who simply registers his decrees shall be
sacrificed? No, sir. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of
War, is merely the clerk of the President of the
United States, writes his dispatches, and obeys
his orders. Sacrifice him, and what do you gain?
Nothing. It comes back to this: there is a crim-
inal, and a criminal who deserves to be sacrificed;
and who is the criminal? Sir, it is reduced to one
of two; and fortunately for the country the record
is made, it is written, and it is at hand.
Sir, the army of the Potomac, as I have said,
numbered two hundred and thirty thousand men
by the morning roll of the day when it marched
upon Manassas to meet twenty-six thousand rag-
ged rebels and no more. I have the evidence.
Those rebels ran without firing a gun, as I knew
they would, and as I told my friend from Maine
they would; but he says our conversation was a
private one, and I shall say no more on that sub-
ject; but I will repeat that that army of two hun-
dred and thirty thousand men could have marched
to Richmond in fourteen days and not have lost
a thousand men. If landed on the shores of
Franceitcould havemarched toMoscow;noarmy
on the continent of Europe could have detained it
ten hours. From Manassas itcould have marched
to Charleston and New Orleans. At that time
there was no force to oppose it, and the war could
have been ended in two months. But that army
was divided, and broken up, and sacrificed, and
that is the crime. Who is the criminal? The
answer to my resolution will show that it is either
Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States
and Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the
United States, or it is George R. McClellan, com-
mander of the army of the Potomac. It is one
of those two, and no third man; and I say to you,
sir, now and here, that in my estimation, that crim-
inal should not only be deptived of his office,
but, in my humble opinion, he should suffer the
-extreme penalty of the law, for this nation has
been disgraced by the division and loss, virtually,
not really, of the army of the Potomac. If the
army of the Potomac had linen commanded by
the arch rebel and traitor, Jefferson Davis,.there
has not been a movement made which he would
not have ordered since the 1st day of December.
And 1 say to the press, and to the men all over
this Union who are denouncing Edwin M. Stan-
ton, Secretary of War, that he has protested from
first to last against the dmsion, demoralization,
and destruction of the army of the Potomac,
I will ask the Secretary to read an article I'mm
the Detroit Free Press of July 3, 1662, a paper
