1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
sin,) so as to exclude the fort therefrom, be, and the same
is hereby, granted to said company: Provided, That if said
company dhall fail to construct a lailvvay from the present
terminus of their road to^aid leservation within tin ee years
from the passage of these resolutions, then the aforesaid
grant shall be void.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further resolved, That the Secretary of
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause all
even sections, or pans of even sections, of land that may be
brought within six miles of the new line of survey to be sold
at the same price and in the same manner as those have been
under the original survey, and that all pmcliasers within
the six mile limits under the prior survey who shall be moie
than six inile«fiom the contemplated survey, and who have
paid the sum of $2 50 per acre, shall have the right to change
their location to correspond with the change of survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was read the third
time, and passed.
SYLVESTER CROOKS.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill No. 177. It
will give rise to no discussion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
177) for the relief of Sylvester Crooks was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill,
as introduced, proposed to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to remit the penalty incurred by
Sylvester Crooks, of New York, under his trans-
portation bond given at the collector's office, in
the city of New York, in the month of Novem-
ber, 1859, for a package of merchandise shipped
by him to V. Marzion& Co., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia. and marked " F. B., one case;" the amount
of the penalty to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendments of the Committee on Finance
were in lines four and five, to strike out the words
" remit the penalty incui red by Sylvester Crooks,
of New York, under his, "and insert" cancel the;"
so as to make the clause read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to cancel"the transportation bond of Sylvester
Crooks.
And in lines ten, eleven, and twelve, to strike
out the words " the amount of said penalty to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
Mr. LAI HAM. I will merely state that this
bill has been reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engiossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
SPANISH BARK PROVIDENCTA.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate hill No. 295.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
225) for the relief of the owners, officers, and crew
of the Spanish bark Providencia was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to the order
of the proper functionary of her Catholic Majesty's
Government, of the sum of $2,791 91, as full com-
pensation to the owners of the Spanish bark Piov-
idencia, or their legal representatives, for dam-
ages occasioned by reason of the wrongful seizure
and detention of tne bark by a steamer of the Uni-
ted States blockading squadron, in the month of
November last; and also as full compensation to
the master, mate, and crew of the bark; the sum
to be distributed agreeably to the two several
awards of Moses Taylor, Esq., to whom the claim
was referred for adjustment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third tune, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion ofMr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. POWELL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is within a few minutes
of one o'clock, and it there is no other business
before the Senate, I move that we proceed to the
consideration of the special order, being the reso-
lution for the expulsion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The-Chair will call
up the special order now. It is the resolution for
the expulsion of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell,] upon which the Committee on the Ju-
diciary have made an adverse report.
Mr. POWELL addressed the Senate at some
length, in his vindication, in reply to the speech
delivered yesterday by his colleague. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have given a
very careful attention to the defense of my col-
league, and I will trespass a short time upon the
patience of the Senate in answering some of the
points which he has attempted to make in his
defense.
My colleague thinks it was very ungracious in
me not to have apprised him of my purpose to
indict him. If my colleague did not know that 1
was opposed to his retaining his scat upon this
floor, i presume he was the only member of the
Senate that had not been apprised of it by what
T had said on various occasions bearing upon that
question. I did not know that it was necessary
for me to consult my colleague in relation to the
manner in which I should get up this indictment
against him. I drew up that indictment. 1 left
it m my handwriting expressly that my colleague
might see it in my handwriting. I drew it up be-
cause I was compelled to do so, as I said yester-
day, by a sense of the highest duty, as well as by
the action of my Legislature on the subject. I
admit that there is as much, and, indeed, more,
propriety and fitness in my appearing as a pros-
ecutor of my colleague upon the present occasion,
as he chooses to denominate me, than there is in
my honorable friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Wil-
kinson,] or any other person assuming that char-
acter. Why? We are both from the same State;
wo represent the same constituency. If there is
to be treason or crime, I prefer it to be anywhere
else than in my own household. If there is to be
treason or crime, I prefer it to be anywhere else
than in my own State; and if I find traitors in my
own State, I feel it to be the peculiar and especial
duty of every loyal and true man of the State of
Kentucky to endeavor to purge that State from
the presence of traitors.
It is more peculiarly the interest of Kentucky
than it is the interest of any State in the Union or
of the United States, that she should be properly
and loyaiiy represented in the Senate of the Uni-
ted Slates. The other States and the common
Government of our country have aright to demand
that of her. If she has elected a member of the
Senate who was loyal at the time of his election,
but who proves that he is disloyal afterwards,
what com so can the State of Kentucky, or any
other State, take? Ail she can do is to instruct her
representative to resign; and if he will not resign,
all that she can do is to sustain the efforts of the
House of which he is a member, to expel him from
the body, and to purge and purify itself. My State
has performed that duty. I am lieie as the true
and loyal representative of my State to endeavor
to bring about the consummation of this work,
that the Senate shall be purified of a disloyal Sen-
ator from that State, and that the State shall be
truly and properly represented in this body by the
presence of some true man who will faithfully
and loyally represent her principles. An honor-
able Senator on this floor some three or four weeks
ago inquired incidentally of me if it was my de-
sire or purpose that there should be any exemp-
tion of punishment to the traitors of the State of
Kentucky. I answered promptly and at once that
of all the traitors to receive punishment I preferred
that those from my own State should first be pun-
lxhed; and that is my sentiment now, and ever
will be.
My colleague in his preliminary remaiks ad-
verted to the concession which i made of his great
personal popularity and his want of personal ene-
mies. I did that tn the best faith. He gives me
a lesson that if I want to win like popularity, just
to behave and to conduct myself as he does. My
colleague must excuse me, if he pleases. As he
said, we have long come into collision politically.
I have known his public course, and I doubted not
that it was conscientiously and honestly adopted
by him; but, at the same time, I believed always
that he was greatly in error; and never was he so
much in error as he is in the present conjuncture
of Ins life. If my colleague expects me to behave
as he does, and to conduct myself as a citizen and
as a Senator, as he has conducted himself since
the commencement of this rebellion, or since the
battle of Bull Run, he must be doomed to disap-
pointment, for the Lord deliver me from such an
example. [Laughter.] I cannot and I will not
follow it.
My colleague adverts to the proceedings of two
conventions that were held in the city of Louis-
ville on the 8th of January of the last year, of one
of which I was a member; and it was my fortune
to be placed as chairman of the committee on res-
olutions. My colleague read a portion of those
resolutions. If he had read them all, he would
have found this to be true in relation to them all,
and true in relation to the action of all Union con-
ventions, and all Union assemblages of people ift
the State of Kentucky; and I defy my colleague,
with all his interest in this question, and with all
of his industry and astuteness in hunting up doc-
uments, to find an expression, either before the
battle of Bull Run or since that battle, m which
any Union convention or any Union meeting in
the State of Kentucky ever expressed an opinion
in favor of the disruption of these States. I ask
my colleague to continue his researches, and to
find me where any Union body in the Stale of
Kentucky ever expressed their willingness to con-
cede the independence of the confederate States.
My colleague says he is a Union man: John
C. Brcckinridge, Jeff Davis, and all the leaders
and great lights of this rebellion proclaimed them-
selves to be good Union men ever. My colleague
is a Union man, he says. Yes, like the arch con-
spirators, he is a Union man upon conditions, and
those conditions arc that the policy which he sub-
scribes to and lays down shall be adopted by the
Government; and unless those terms and con-
ditions are acceded to, neither my colleague nor
those acting with him in relation to these diffi-
culties are Union men. And yet they are all loud
and vociferous in proclaiming themselves upon all
occasions to be Union men. My colleague seemed
to take an exception, and to think it a little dis-
courteous on my part that I should advert to the
Breckinridge Democratic party in Kentucky in
connection with this subject. Why, it is not at all
strange, and I gave my reasons, and they were
these: that there were about ninety-nine out of
every hundred in the State of the Breckinridge
Democratic party that were secessionists, and who
gave their sympathies against their own Govern-
ment, and to the government of the confederate
States. Was not that a fact and a circumstance
from which it might be inferred that my colleague
gave his sympathies, and that he had a commu-
nity of principles and policy with Mr. Breckin-
ridge, the great leader and chief of that party not
only in Kentucky but in the United States? I saw
my colleague voting with Mr. Breckinridge on
every occasion in Congress. T saw him acting in
haimonyand unison with his political position
w herever they acted in the country. I saw my col-
league following Mr. Breckinridge as the shadow
follows the substance; and was it at all strange
that I should consider that the shadow partook
of the nature and of the form of the substance ?
My colleague then goes on to speak of a Union
meeting in tne city of Louisville, and of resolu-
tions that were passed by the central Union com-
mittee that was appointed for Louisville. Let me
ask the attention of the Senate to this state of fact.
Chronology is said to be the eye of history, and
it is more true in relation to political history than
to any other description of history. Opinions and
essays may be published at one time and under
one state of the case that would be innoxious and
altogether unobjectionable, which, if published at
another time and under another state of the case,
would be in the highest degree culpable. I shall
have occasion to illustrate that principle in a few
minutes; but I had forgotten another point that
my colleague made in his preliminary remarks.
He said that I had avowed myself as always
being an unconditional Union man. It is true, sir.
In October, before the presidential election, I de-
nounced John C. Brcckinridge in his own county
and in his own city as a traitor, and I predicted
with as much certainty and truth the issue of what
would be his political and public life in the Uni-
ted States as it is now known. In the spring be-
fore the presidential election, there were public
meetings in my own county, where I addressed
my people, and all the principles of government
and of constitutional construction which I have
endeavored to uphold I there publicly promulged.
