3150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
which was compelled to raise the flag of the Union
by a demand of the Union men of that city. My
colleague knows that.
The Secretary read, as follows:
<£ The News.—Never, during our career as journalists,
have we performed a task that grieved us more than the pres-
entation of the news of the partial defeat of McCiellan's
left wing that we lay before our readers this afternoon.
" Not only was an attack made on the right wing, but it
now appear* that one was also made on Sunday upon the
Jett wing, which has fallen back from the vicinity of Fair
Oak* to Turkey Bend, on the James, a di&iance ot seven-
teen miles.
" The eomblned rebel force* of Johnson, Beauregard, and
Jackson have been hurled in irresistible fury upon the un-
aided and unsuppoi ted forces of McClellan. Gathered fiotn
the East and West, from the swamps of Mississippi, and the
mountain* of Virginia, the rebels have come, and we be-
hold the result.
" We will not recite the particulars. The telegraphic
column.-? point them out with terrible distinctness.
" For this result the Secretary of War, Edwin Stan-
ton, and the abolition politician*, aie alone lesponsibie. It
has come solely from the mean piutisnin hatred of McClel-
lan. Let the people place the responsibility where it be-
longs.
'•Stanton and Wade and Chandler, and their aiders and
abettor*, great nnd email, must answer at th^ bar of the
people for the blood of the martyred sons of the land who
have so lavishly poured out their life to no avail.
'• McClellan has. (alien back. Tlx* abolitionists rejoice.
The prayois oi the crazy morning sheet of this city aie an-
swered. But so sure as there is a just God, we believe that
the machinations of these vilest of traitois will yet he
thwarted, and that the cause of the Union will yet rise
triumphant." ;
Mr. CHANDLER. That is from a sheet that
whs compelled to raise the flagof the United States
by a mob in my city. Traitors throughout the
land advocate the policy of tliis division of the
army. The paper from which those paragraphs
have been rend was the paper, and the only paper
in the State of Michigan, which advocated a fire
in the rear upon the forces which went forth from
Michigan to put down and crush out and utterly
destroy this rebellion.
Anil now, sir, what is to be done? Ave we to sit
quietly when traitors declaim and say that this is
all right, and justify the destruction of this army
of two hundred and thirty thousand men? No,
it is not destroyed; we have fragments left. If we
can bring them back to the position from which
(hey moved when they wont to Yorlctown, we have
almost men enough to-day in the army of Potomac
to crush out this rebellion and march to Charleston.
Are the men who stand up and say this 13 strat-
egic, the traitors like the editor oftlie paper from
which I read, to say that such men as Edwin M.
Stmiton—n patriot among patriots, a man who lias
stood up for the (Jnion, right or—no, not wrong,
never wrong, but for the Union in any event,
through blood mid through o.ainage, and through
every thing but treason—ahould be stricken down ?
Mr. President, the country isin peril, nndfrom
whom, by whom, and who is responsible? As I
have .said, there are but two men to-day who are
responsible for the present position of the army
of the Potomac. The one is the President of the
United States, Abraham Lincoln, wliom I believe
to be a patriot, whom 1 believe to be honest and
honestly earnest to crush outand putdown this re-
bellion; the other is GeoigeB. McClellan, general
of the army of the Potomac, of whom 1 will not ex-
press n belief. But to the reporters, to the press,
to the Senate, to the country,! say cease your fool-
ish charges upon a clerk; comc out at once and de-
nounce the one of these two men who is responsi-
ble, for they are the only two men upon whom the
responsibility can be fixed; either denounce Abra-
ham Lincoln, President of the United States, whom
i believe to be a pure and honest man, or George
B. McClellan , who has defeated your aimy. lie
took it to Portress Monroe, used it in guarding rebel
property, sacrificed the half of it in the swamps
and marshes before Yorktown and the Chicka-
hominy, and finally broughtup the right wing with
only thirty thousand men and held it there until it-
wlnpped the over whelming forces of the enemy, re-
pulsed them three limes, and then it was ordered
to retreat; and after that the enemy fought like
demons, as you and I know they would, a retreat-
nig defeated army. Tell me where were the left
and the center of our army. Tell me where were
the f.recs in fiont of our left and the center. Sir,
twenty thousand men l'rom the left and the center
to reinforce Porter on the morning after his sav-
age and awful light, would have sent the enemy
in disgiace and disaster into r^ichmond. An ad-
vance would have sent the left and the center into
Richmond; but there was a feint. The left and !
the centre were attacked by a few men, a feint
evidently, no serious attack, and the right was
repulsed and driven back without asingle man to
reinforce them, except perhaps a division that was
sent after they were ordered to retreat, and when
they were in confusion. Aside from that single di-
vision, not a man was sent to reinforce them, but
the left,and center were ordered to leave their in-
trenehments, where we had lost more than ten
thousand men in digging them, without firing a
single gun—notagun; and they retreated.
Sir, permit me to say I have some feeling on this
subject. Michigan had six full regiments there.
They left Alexandria with over nine hundred men
011 an average when General McClellan moved to
Fortress Monroe. We had one regiment already
at Portress Monroe. Michigan had seven regi-
ments then in General McCiellan's army. They
numbered as nearly as it can be figured seven thou-
sand men. Sir, the State of Michigan needs no
defense. At Williamsburg Michigan regiments
saved the day. The Michigan fifth entered the
rebel intrenchments and carried them, and left
sixty-three rebels killed by the bayonet. That
regiment came out with less than three hundred
and fifty men. They fought their way through.
Have you heard anything about Michigan regi-
ments from official reports? Have you heard any
justice done to Michigan from any report that you
have received from the general-in-chief? The sec-
ond and third were not behind the fifth. They
were, there and were decimated by the bullets and
the bayonets and the disease in front of Yorktown,
and theswampsofthe peninsula. To-day theseven
regiments of Michigan which have been in that
peninsula since the army landed there, cannot
bung to parade three thousand five hundred men
out of their seven thousand. Last night I talked
with a major from one of the Michigan regiments
who had a bullet in one arm, and it went around
his breast and came out on the other side—as brave
and gallant a man as God ever made. Said he;
" Mr. Chandler, our regiment has been 111 every
fight that has occurred since we landed at York-
town; they were in the most exposed position at
Yorktown; they were at Williamsburg and at
Pair Oaks, and they have been in every fight until
Heintzelman's last charge, and I pledge you my
word, sir, that we have lost more men by disease
and the spade, although in every fight, than we
have lost by the bullets and bayonets of the ene-
my." Have you heard anything of Michigan regi-
ments? If you have, I have not. The general-in-
chief does not know, as far as you and I can see,
that there is a Michigan regiment there. Sir, I de-
mand that Michigan regiments shall receive their
full award of praise. They are heroes among he-
roes. 1 mean 110 disparagement to other States,
110 disparagement to any State; but they have won
for themselves and their State a name which will
stand high 011 the pillar of fame for all time.
Mr. FESSENDEN, and Mr. LANE of Kan-
sas, addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
procced.to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Was I not entitled to
the floor? I believe the President recognized me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I was recog-
nized by the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair rec-
ognized the Senator from Maine. Both Senators
rose together.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to say
a word.
Air. FESSENDEN. I think we had better pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to say
a few words now 011 this subject.
. Mr. FfiSSENDEN. I do not waive my mo-
tion,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think the Chair rec-
ognized me.
The PRESIDIO OFFICER. The two Sen-
ators rose together, and the Chair recognizcd the
Senator fiom Maine.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think it a very good
time now to say what 1 have to say, and I should
like to have the privilege of doing so. 1 shall not
detain the Senate more than ten minutes.
1 <io  ot waive my motion.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for a division on that
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we might as well
have the yeas and nays; otherwise we shall not
get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for a division be-
cause I understand the Senator from Kansas de-
sires particularly to make some remarks at this
time, and I trust the Senate will allow him to doit.
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. I do desire to say what
I have to say at this time. I do not like to have
this discussion go to the country as it has gone.
It will have a bad effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is the general wish
that I should withdraw the motion, certainly I
will do it.
Several Senators. Withdraw it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 shall not detain the
Senate long.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the yeas
and nays have been ordered, it can only be with-
drawn by general consent. The Chair hears no
objection, and the motion is withdrawn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I have
never listened to a discussion that agonized me as
much as the one which has taken place to-day be-
tween the Senator from Virginia, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and the Senator from Michigan.
This is no time for crimination or recrimination.
We must stand by the Government if we are to
save the country. We must stand by our com-
manders if we are to save the country. Volun-
teering is now in progress. The speeches of
those gentlemen, in my opinion, are calculated to
discourage enlistments, and without enlistments
the countiy is endangered. I am not indorsingthe
course pursued by our officers in the present war
in all things. I think that perhaps they have
erred in their system of strategy, but nothing crim-
inal should be alleged against them at this time.
Napoleon, at Ulm, undertook the system of bag-
ging,and with three hundred thousand men hesuc-
ceeded in bagging Mack with thirty thousand men.
I am apprehensive that our misfortunes have arisen
from that system of strategy. General McClellan
openly declared that he did not desire to drive the
enemy from Manassas, but that he intended to as-
semble such an army as that he could " bag"
them. It was an error of judgment.
General Halleck undertook to " bag" the rebels
at Corinth; the same strategy was pursued in the
valley towards Jackson; and also in front ofRich-
mond. There, instead of marching upon the en-
emy en masse, that mistaken policy was pursued,
and it afforded the rebels an opportunity to con-
centrate their masses upon our extended lines,
that were weakened by being extended, and they
overwhelmed our army ill detail.
But there was nothing criminal in all this; it
was a mere error of judgment, which I doubt not
has been seen, and in future it will not be repeated.
If a repulse has induced Republican Senators to
proclaim to the country that we must cease to give
offense to the rebels, what would a defeat prompt
the same Senator or Senators to say ?
Mr. COWAN. The gentleman looks at me.
Does he mean to say 1 said that?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do.
Mr. COWAN. X have said no such thing. I
said we should cease to give offense to loyal men.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvaniaspent perhaps half an hour
in endeavoring to prove that this Senate, that this
Congress had, by their acts, massed our enemies
and increased them in the rebellious States. When
that Senator makes a statement of that kind, does
lie forget that the repiesentativcs of the rebellious
States declared in Europe that they knew the in-
stitution of slavery was not to be endangered by
the Republican party ? Does that Senator mean
to declare before the country that his colleagues
in the Senate have been encouraging treason by
massing the enemies of the Government? I say-
to that Senator, and to every other Senator, and
to the country, that every speech such as he has
delivered to-day, every meeting such as was re-
cently held in the city of New York by the apol-
ogists of traitors, under the name of Democracy,
does more to mass and encourage the enemies of
this Government than all the acts that the Con-
gress of the United States can pass. It is food for
the enemies of the country; it gives them encour-
