2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
consideration. Long experience has increased
his original aptitude for such questions, and made
him an authority.
But there is an earlier voice, which, even if all
judicial tribunals had been silent, would be de-
cisive. i refer to Grotius, who, by his work de
Jure Belli ac Pads, became at once the lawgiver
of nations. Original in conception, humane in
sentiment, vast in plan, and various in bearing,
this work creased the science of international l&w,
which, since that early day, has been softened
and refined without essential change in the prin-
ciples then enunciated. This master mind antici-
pated the true distinction, when, in his definition
of war, he wrote as follows:
" The first and most, necessary partition of war is this:
that war is private, public., and mixed. Public war is that
which is carried on under tlio authority of Inm who lias
jurisdiction. Private, that which is not so. Minced, that
is public on one side, and private on the other.*'—Lib.
1, cap. 3, sec. 1.
In these few words of this great authority will
be found that very discrimination which enters
into the present discussion. The war in which
we are now engaged is not precisely " public,"
because on one side there is no Government; nor
is it " private," because on one side there is a
Government; but it is "mixed;" that is, public
on one side, and private on the other. On the
side of the United States, it is under the authority
of the Government, and is therefore " public;" on
the other side it. is without the sanction of any
recognized Government, and is therefore " pri-
vate." In other words, the Government of the
United States may claim for itself all belligerent
rights, while it may refuse them to the other side.
And Grotius, in his reasoning, sustains his defi-
nition by showing that war becomes the essential
agency where public justice ends; that it is the
justifiable mode of dealing with those who cannot
be kept m order by judicial proceedings; and that,
as a natural consequence, where war prevails the
municipal law is silent. And here, with that
largess of quotation which is one of his peculiar-
ities, he quotes the weighty words of Demosthe-
nes: "Against these whom the laws cannot reach,
we must proceed as we oppose our public enemies,
by levying armies, equipping and setting afloat
navies, and raising contributions for the prosecu-
tion of hostilities." (Grotius, Prolegom., sec. 23.)
There is so much intrinsic reason m this distinc-
tion that I am ashamed to take time upon it. And
yet it has been constantly neglected in this debate.
Let it be accepted, and the constitutional scruples
which have played such a part will be out of place.
Senators have seemed to feel the importance of
being able to treat the rebels as " alien enemies,"
on account of the penalties which would then at-
tach. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
in his bill, has proposed to declare them so, and
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doomttle] has
made a similar proposition with regard to a par-
ticular class. But all this is superfluous. Rebels
in arms are " enemies," exposed to all the penal-
ties of war, as much as if they were alien enemies.
No legislation is required to make them so. They
are so in fact. It only remains that they should be
treated so, or according to the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, " that we hold them, as the rest of man-
kind, enemies in xoar; in peace, friends."
Mark now the stages of the discussion. "We
have seen, first, that in point of fact, we are in the
midst of a rebellion and in the midst of a war;
and, secondly, that in point of l&w, we are at lib-
erty to act under the powers incident to either or
to both of these conditions, and that we may treat
the people engaged against us as criminals or as
enemies, or, if we please, as both. Pardon me, if
I repeat these propositions; but it is essential that
they should not be forgotten.
Therefore, sir, in determining our course, we
may banish all question of power. The power is
ample and indubitable, being regulated in the one
case by the Constitution and in the other case by
the rights of war. If we treat them as criminals,
then we are under the restraints of the Constitu-
tion; if we treat them as enemies, then we have all
the latitude sanctioned by the rights of war. If we
treat them as both, then wecombine our penalties
from the double sources. What is done against them
mere! y as criminals will natuially be in conformity
with the Constitution; but what is done against
them as enemies, will have no limitation except
the rights of war.
The difference between these two systems of
conduct, represented by the two opposite propo-
sitions now pending, may also be seen in the mo-
tive which isthestarting'pointofeach. In treating
those arrayed in arms against us as criminals we
assume sovereignty, and seek to punish for a vio-
lation of existing law. In treating them as enemies
we assume no sovereignty, but simply employ the
means known to war in overcoming an enemy,
and in obtaining security against him. In the one
case, our cause is founded in municipal law under
the Constitution, and in the other case, in the
rights of war under international law. In the one
case our object is simply punishment; in the other
case it is assured victory.
Having determined the existence of these two
sources of power, we are next led to consider the
character and extent of each under our Govern-
ment; first, the rights against criminals, founded on
sovereignty, with their limitations under our Con-
stitution; and, secondly, the rights against enemies,
founded on war, which are absolutely without con-
stitutional limitation. Having passed these in re-
view, the way will then be open to consider which
class of rights Congress shall exercise.
I. 1 begin, of course, with the rights against crim-
inals, founded on sovereignty, with their limita-
tions under our Constitution.
Rebellion is in itself the crime of treason, which
is usually called the greatest crime known to the
law, containing all other crimes as the greater
contains the less. But neither the magnitude of
the crime or the detestation which it inspires can
properly move us from our duty to the Consti-
tution. Howsoeverimportantitmay be to punish
rebels, this must not be done at the expense of the
Constitution. On that point I agree with the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] and the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. C ollameu ;] nor will
I yield to either in the determination to uphold the
Constitution, which is the shield of the citizen.
Show me that any proposition is without support
in the Constitution, or that it offends against any
constitutional safeguards, and it cannot receive
my vote. Sir, I shall not allow Senators to be
more careful on this head than myself. They
shall not have a monopoly of this proper caution.
Clearly, in proceedings against criminals there
are provisions or principles of the Constitution
which cannot be disregarded. I will enumerate
them, and endeavor to explain their true character:
1. Congress has no power under the Constitu-
tion over slavery in the States. This admitted
principle of constitutional law, derived from the
Constitution, though not expressly declared in its
text, is adduced against all propositions to free the
slaves of rebels. But this is an obvious misappli-
cation of the principle, which simply means that
Congress has no direct power over slavery in the
States, so as to abolish or limit it. Nocareful per-
son, whose opinion was of any value, ever attrib-
uted to the pretended property in slaves an immu-
nity from forfeiture or confiscation not accorded
to other property; and this is a complete answer
to the argumenton this head. Even in prohibit-
ing slavery, as in the Jeffersonian ordinance, there
is a declared exception of the penalty for crime;
and so in upholding slavery in the States, there
must be a tacit but unquestionable exception of
the penalty for crime.
2. There must be no ex post facto law; which
means that there must be no law against crime re-
trospective in its effect.
3. There must be no bill of attainder; which
means that there must be no special legislation
where Congress, undertaking the double function
of legislature and judge, shall inflict the punish-
ment of death without conviction by due process
of law. And there is authority for assuming that
this prohibition also includes a bill of pains and
penalties, which is a milder form of legislative at-
tainder, where the punishment inflicted is less
than death. (Story's Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, vol. 1, sec. 1344.) And surely no con-
stitutional principle is more worthy of recognition.
4. No person shall be deprived of iife, liberty,
or property without due process of law; which
means, without presentment or other judicial pro-
ceeding. These words, borrowed from Magna
Charta, constitute a safeguard for all, nor can they
be invoked by the criminal more than by the slave;
for in our Constitution they are applicable to
every " person," without distinction of color or
condition. But the criminal is entitled to their
protection.
5. In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law.
This is the sixth amendment to the Constitution,
and it is not to be forgotten now. The accused,
whoever he may be, though his guilt be as open
as noonday, can be reached criminally only in
the way described. When we consider the deep
and wide-spread prejudices which must exist
throughout the whole rebel territory, it is difficult
to suppose that any jury can be found within the
State and district where the treason was commit-
ted who will unite in the necessary verdict of
guilty. For myself, I do not expect it; and I re-
nounce the idea of justice in this way. Jefferson
D&vis himself, whose crime has culminated in
Virginia, cannot be convicted by a jury of that
State. Surely, it belongs to the statesman to con-
sider how justice, impossible in one way, may be
made possible in another way.
6. No attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the
person attainted. Perhaps no provision of the
Constitution, supposed to be pertinent to the pres-
ent debate, has been more considered; nor is there
any with regard to which there is a greater dif-
ference of opinion. Learned lawyers in this body
insist broadly that it forbids a forfeiture of real
estate, although not of personal, as a penalty of
treason; while others insist that all the real as
well as personal estate belonging to the offender
may be forfeited. The words of the Constitution
are technical, so as to require interpretation,and
as they are derived from the common law we must
look to this law for their meaning. By " attain-
der of treason" is meant judgment of death for
treason; that is, the judgment of court on convic-
tion of treason, "upon judgment of death for
treason or felony," says Blackstone, " a man shall
be said to be attainted." Such judgment, which
is, of course, a criminal proceeding, shall not, un-
der our Constitution, work corruption of blood;
which means that it shall not create such obstruc-
tion or incapacity in the blood as to prevent an
innocent heir from tracing title through the crim-
inal, all of which was cruelly done by the com-
mon law.
Nor shall such attainder work " forfeiture ex-
cept during the life of the person attainted." If
there be any question it arises under these words,
which, it will be observed, are peculiarly techni-
cal. As the term attainder is confined to " judg-
ment of death" this prohibition would seem to be
limited to a case where that judgment has been
awarded, so that if the person is not adjudged to
death there is nothing in the Constitution to for-
bid an absolute forfeiture. This conclusion seems
irresistible. If accepted, it disposes of this objec-
tion in all cases where there has been no judgment
of death.
But even where the traitor is adjudged to death,
there is good reason to doubt if his estate in fee
simple, which is absolutely his own and aliena-
ble at his mere pleasure, may not be forfeited. Ii
is admitted by Senators that the words of the Con-
stitution do not forbid the forfeiture of the per-
sonal estate, which, in the present days of com-
merce, is usually much larger than the real estate,
although, to an unprofessional mind, they are as
applicable to one as to the other; so that a person
attainted of treason would forfeit all his personal
estate, of every name and nature, no matter what
its amount, even if he did not forfeit his real es-
tate. But since an estate in fee simple belongs
absolutely to the owner, and is in all respects sub-
ject to his disposition , there seems to be no reason
tor its exemption which is not equally applicable
to personal property. The claim of the family
is as strong in one case as in the other. And if we
take counsel of analogies, we shall find ourselves
led in the same direction. It is clear, for instance,
that there is no limitation to the amount of fine
which may be imposed for crime, so that in its
sweeping extent it may practically take from the
criminal all his estate, real and personal. And,
secondly, it is also clear that the prohibition in
the Constitution, whatever it may be, is confined
to "attainder of treason," and is not, therefore,
applicable to a judgment forfelony, which,atthe
common law, worked a forfeiture of all estate,
real and personal; so that under the Constitution
such a forfeiture for felony can be now maintained.
