THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-<K'
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN O. RIVES, WASfflNGTON, B. &: iH
Thi&ty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1862.
Hi
position of my colleague. And now he is for hold-
ing on to Mason and Slidell, although it might
result in a war which possibly might enure to the
benefit of those persons in rebellion. I do not
understand why it is. I hope, as I said before,
that my colleague will be enabled to explain to
this House and to the country that he is actuated
by pure and patriotic motives in his course.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the course of his colleague is not under discussion.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I say I hope he will be
able to satisfy the country that his motives are
pure and correct. I do not impeach them. I think,
however, that the tendency of his acts may be le-
gitimately commented upon. Why was U that
the gentleman obtained the floor this morning for
the purpose of making this speech? What propo-
sition was before the House,? Why should the
speech be made at this particular time? As I un-
derstand the matter, his remarks were made with-
out any definite proposition being before the House
for its action. But if it was in order for him thus
to speak, I of course have no right to complain. I
simply lose for the purpose of showing the in-
consistency of his position on this question of
peace or war.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts allow me the floor for a
moment? I desire to say a word in reply to my
colleague.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, declined to
yield.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I hope we
will have no previous question demanded.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have de-
sired, Mr. Speaker, to say a word on the subject
to which this motion refers. As it involves ques-
tions of law, and of some nicety, I hope I may be
excused for reading, for the first time in my life,
I believe, a speech.
Mr. Speaker, the surrender is made, the thing
done. In the presence of great duties we have no
time for the luxury of giief. Complaint of the
Government would be useless if not groundless.
It was too much to ask of it to take another war
on its hands. Possibly the elaborate and inge-
nious argument of the Secretary might have been
spared. The matter was in a nut-shell; the an-
swer in a word. Take them. There are duties
lying nearer to us. We can wait.
But we are not called upon, Mr. Speaker, to
say that the demand was manly or just. It was
unmanly and unjust. It was a demand which, in
view of her history, of the lights she had always
claimed and used as a belligerent Power, of the
principles which her greatest of jurists—Lord
Stowell—had imbedded in the law of nations,
England was fairly estopped to make. But I rely
on no estoppel; I pause not to inquire as to the
consistency of England, or how far she is influ-
enced by the consideration that she is now a neu-
tral Power and we are in a struggle for national
life; or to express surprise that her belligerent
doctrines, so suddenly become rusty and obsolete,
have been swept as cobwebs from her path. This
is a question of legal right, and, as such, I will
look it in the face. We may feel compelled to
make concessions; we will ask none. The claim
of England is that the Trent was pursuing a law-
ful and innocentvoyage, and that the taking from
herof Messrs. Mason and Shdell was an affront to
the Rritish flag, and a violation of international
'&The legal questions involved are simple, and
may be briefly and plainly stated.
Had we the right of visitation and search .
There is no controversy on this point. Nothing
is better settled in the law of nations than the right
ofa belligerent to visit and search the vessel o! a
neutral for contraband of war. Were the persons
taken from the Trent contraband of war? How
is that question to be settled? The obvious answer
is by the existing law of nations. The question is
not what rule ought now to be adopted, but what
was the existing rule? New rules are guides for
14
future action, not tests of the past. The common
la w of nations, like thatof England and ofthis coun-
try, is to a large extent a law of precedents. These
precedents are, however, of weight and authority
for the principles involved in their determination,
and not merely in cases where all the facts are
identical. The whole body of the common law
is the result of this distinction. It could not
otherwise beascience or intelligent rule of action.
The province of courts, of jurists, and of statesmen
is to apply settled principles to new combinations
of facts. Prom the mass of authorities let us
extract the principles applicable to the case.
1. The fair result of the authorities, and espe-
cially of the English authorities, is that the car-
rying of the dispatches of a belligerent is a vio-
lation of neutrality, the penalty of which is not
only the seizure of the dispatches, but the seizure
and confiscation of the vehicle which carries them,
if the carriage be with the knowledge or compli-
city of the owner or master.
2. The official dispatches of the enemy are con-
traband, whether relating to civil or military
affairs.
3. The form in which the dispatches are borne
is immaterial. They may be oral as well as writ-
ten, embodied as well as upon parchment. The
mischief is the same. The reason of the rule
covers the substance, which is the thing sent.
4. If the neutral is serving the belligerent, doing
his work, the fact that the dispatches, living or
written, were taken at a neutral port, and that at
the time of the seizure the vessel was going from
one neutral port to another, is material only upon
the question of the forfeiture of the vessel, and
as tending to show that the contraband "was taken
without the privity of master or owner. The
result to be effected, the aid to the one belligerent,
and the injury to the other, are the same. The
sanction of the exception would be the constant
evasion, the practical suspension of the rule it-
self. . ...
The substance of the whole matter is this: by
carrying the dispatches of the enemy, in whatever
form embodied, the greatest possible service may
be done to one belligerent, and the greatest pos-
sible injury to another.
If, then, the Trent had been brought m for
adjudication, and had been condemned, England
could not have said that as matter of law the
condemnation was wrong. She, might and would
have said that, as matter of courtesy, our officers
should have forborne the exercise of their extreme
riglit, and have suffered the vessel, passengers,
and cargo, not contraband, to proceed on the
voyage. .
We might have well said that from the begin-
ning it had been the policy of this Government to
enlarge and strengthen the rights of neutrals, to
free neutral commerce from every unnecessary re-
straint; that especially has this been the case with
respect to the treating of persons as contraband of
war. We might have shown with what anxiety
we had sought to limit the rule on this point "to
soldiers in the actual service of the enemy;" that in
our treaties with Prance, in our treaties with Mex-
ico and the South American States, we had in-
serted this important exception to and limitation
of the rule of international law. We might have
well said that the propriety of this limitation is
every day becoming more apparent; that the in-
troduction of steam into navigation had brought
nations into closer proximity, and into more fre-
quent and regulai intercourse; that the wants of
modern commerce and of modern culture had made
mail routes as necessary on the sea as on the land;
and that we ought to remove all obstructions lrom
the pathway of these messengers of civilization
and of peace. We might have said we will gladly
assent to such modifications of the law of nations
as shall meet and satisfy these wants the modi-
fications most clearly demanded being that no per-
sons shall be deemed contraband but soldiers in
service; and that when hostile dispatches are taken
from neutral mail steamers, the claims of human-
ity and the interests of the commercial world shall
be lespected, and the vessel be permitted to pro-
ceed on its voyage without unnecessarydelay—
the legality of the seizure being determined with?
out the presence of the ship., , . ,'f
As to this case we stand upon the existing; l^w;
we feel ourselves to be justified by the law M
written. If you think otherwise, we will* in defy
erence to the excellent suggestion made by. tljg
British Government to the Paris Gongress.of 1856,
have " recourse to the officeb ofa friendly Power."
We will submit the whole matter to arbitration J
and abide the result.
But it is said, Mr. Speaker, that the omission
to bring in the vessel for adjudication rendered the
whole proceeding void ab initio. A word upon
this point. There is no just ground for complaint
of the proceedings so far as they went. The com-
plaint is not of what was done, but what was left
undone. Two questions arise here: first, was
there a sufficient legal reason for not bringing in
the vessel ? Secondly, what, in the absence of such
legal reason, is the effect of the omission ?
1. Was there a sufficient reason for not bring-
ing in the Trent? ^ _
Some things are plain. It is plain that Captain
Wilkes understood that the Trent was lawful
prize, and that his course was a proceeding in the
capture of prize of war. It is plain also that he
determined to waive his right to take in the vessel
as prize, and to suffer her to proceed on her voy-
age. These facts are of the highest importance,
The difference between the boarding of a vessel
by a boat's crew and taking from her men or
goods, the act constituting no part of a prize pro-
ceeding, and the release of a prize by a captor }n
the exercise of his discretion and for reasons of
necessity or of humanity, is plain and vital; neither
ingenuity nor dullness can confound them. The
whole proceedings of Captain Wilkes were char-
acterized by the utmost good faith. Had he a
legal excuse for not bringing ill the vessel for
adjudication ? "We do not expcct from a. sailor,
however gallant, and accomplished, the precision
of special pleading. Ho gives as the first reason
the wqnt ofa sufficient prize crew, in consequence
of his being so reduced in officers and men. Was
that the fact? It will, I have no doubt, be found
to be so. We have now the statement of an offi-
cer and a gentleman, and nothing to control it.
If such was the fact, and Captain Wilkes^ acted
upon it, he was justified in law for not bringing
the Trent in. It is immaterial that motives of
humanity concurred with and fortified that con-
clusion. The heart responded to the head. It
neither assumed its prerogative nor questioned it.
It only said, amen. If the legal excuse existed
and was acted upon it was enough, and the ground
upon which the Crown advisers are reported to
have proceeded falls from under them.
But suppose there was error in not bringing in
the vessel, what is the result? Itis that the ques-
tions at issue must be settled by the sovereigns of
the parties without the aid of a prize court. The
prize court is the inquest of the sovereign of the
captor, and for his protection. It settles the ques-
tion of seizure so far as the rights of property are
concerned. It does not settle the question of right
as between the sovereigns. In this case the ques-
tion would have b?en as to the forfeiture of the
vessel; the persons or dispatcheswould not have
been directly involved; the judgment would not
have operated upon them. If the vessel had been
brought in, and condemned by a court of admir-
alty, and England had believed that the judgment
of the court was agaiast the law of nations, she
would not have acquiesced, she would not have
been bound to acquiesce. The same controversy
would have opened; the same questions to be<set-
tled as now. (Pinkney's statement of the law in
the case of the Betsey, Wheaton's Memoirs of
Pinkney, p. 199-) , ,
Those questions would have been: had we tne
rio-ht of search? was it fairly exercised? were
the persons taken contraband of war? and to
every one of these questions the law of nations
would have answered in the affirmative. 4-9d'J
England had consulted her oracles, she would
I have heard the same response. Itisnot too much
