1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
In February, after this convention of the Union
party met at Louisville, I called a public mass
meeting- in my o *vn county at the county seat, and
I there offered a series of resolutions. T wish I
had them here: but it would not be necessary be-
cause they are irrelevant to the issue. I there pro-
claimed that tf Mr. Lincoln or Mr, Seward—who
was then thought to be the arch demon, not of
Republicanism or black Republicanism, butofab-
olitionism—was elected President of the United
States, it would be the bounden duty of every cit-
izen of the United States to acquiesce in the elec-
tion; and that if mob violence and rebellion arose
to defeat his inauguration, every loyal citizen
ought to march to secure its being peacefully done, ji
and old as I was I would shoulder my musket to !|
engage in that war for the Constitution; and I
would have done it. 1 will not say anythingmore !
in relation to my loyalty to the Constitution. ;
My colleague says that I am a lawyer and an 1
advocate, and that he is too. He has proved that ,
on the presentoccasion,because hehasgot off his i
own indictment, and is endeavoring to get up one \
against me, as dexterous advocates, you know, !
so frequently do. I
But here is the point in chronology to which I j
wish to bring the attention of the Senate. Before 1
the battle of Bull Run there were many men, who !
are as good and true Union men as any in the I
United States, who believed that an accommoda- ;
tion was possible, yea practicable. Noneofthem I
looked to the sword as the ultimate and last arbi- \
ter in this unhappy national difficulty until after 1
that battle took place; I ask the Senate what was j
the conduct of my colleague in this Senate Cham- j
ber after that battle was fought, after that last die |
had been thrown, and there was no resource and |
no hope of having this difficulty settled except by i
the arbitration of the sword ? That is the ques- j
tion. J
My colleague has not attempted to deny or evade i
the obligation which he took to support the Con- i
stitution of the United States when he was admit- ,
ted as a Senator in this body. What is the sub- j
stance and the pith of that oath? That he will ;
support the Constitution of the United States j
which creates the Government; that he will stand
by it; that he will be true and faithful to it. Does |
not that necessarily imply that, when it is attacked j
and assailed by domestic or foreign enemies, he \
will do everything he can do, both as a citizen and j
as a Senator of the United States, to uphold, pro- |
tect, and defend that Constitution? My colleague .
endeavors to exculpate himself by certain posi- .
lions assumed by the politicians of Kentucky be- |
fore the August election of last year. He reads |
resolutions passed by each House of the Legisla- ,
ture of Kentucky, and ho. then reads a resolution ;
or two passed by both Houses. What was that ,
Legislative ? What was its composition? If it ,
does not offend the delicate nerves of my colleague, (
I will remark that both Houses of that Legisla- i
ture had been elected a long time before, twelve j
or fifteen months previous, and both Houses con- (
sisted of a Breckinridge Democratic majority. lie
reads the resolutions and the propositions of a
body of Breckinridge Democrats composing the
Legislature of last year, and he seems to think
himself acquitted upon the ground of those reso-
lutions, and of their general effect. I will tell my
colleague that every resolution which he has read,
passed by either branch of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky, by any Union convention of that State, by
any Union meeting; of that State, was passed be-
fore the battle of Bui! Run; and i defy him, or I
defy any man, to prove by recoid or any other
evidence, that the Union parly of the State ofKen- .
tucky ever assumed after the battle of Bull Run
in any form the position even ot neutiahty. If
my colleague had done nothing mote, if all that is :
alleged against him had been done and said befoie
the battle of Bull Run, and he had been true and
faithful to the support of the Government and the .
Constitution as a man and a Senator since that ■
disastrous battle, no man could ever have dreamed
of arraigning him for disloyalty.
But, Mr. "President, 1 ask you if the state of ;
things was not altered by the battle of Bull Run? 1
What then was the condition of the country and ,
of the Government? There had been a rebellion ;
without sufficient cause, in jts magnitude unprece-
dented m the histoiy of nations. This rebellion ;
had put into the held about two hundred thousand j
armed men at that eaiJy day. A great battle had I
been fought within twenty-five miles of this city,
upon which the stakes of empire in this Republic
were put up. The stake that was put up in that
battle of Bull Run was, shall fifteen slave States
against the Constitution, in disruption of the
Union, in subversion of the Government, be al-
lowed forcibly and of their own wrong to tear them-
selves away from the Union and to establish a sep-
arate, alien, and hostilcgovernment? That is the
question. I think my colleague from the way he
has acted would not only be refused by the Al-
mighty, but by any sensible individual to play
vicegerent for him in his duty to support the Con-
stitution of the United States. How could he sup-
port the Constitution of the United States after the
battle of Bull Run? How could he support this
Government and the integrity of this Union, after
the battle of Bull Run ? What acts could he do to
redeem his oath ? Now, Mr. President, I call upon
the Senate to contemplate the effect and the mean-
ing of the oath of that Senator. What could he
do to suppoi t the Constitution, as a Senator? Was
it not in peril ? Was it not a doubtful question
depending upon the issue of battle, whether that
Constitution should continue or should fall? Had
not that Constitution been assailed by the greatest
enemy that it had ever encountered ? Was there
not a rebellion then in full force wielding a power
that hardly any rebellion ever before had gath-
ered together, For the purpose of overthrowing
the Government and the Constitution ?
What was the duty of my colleague in that
crisis? The oath means something, is there any
Senator within the sound of my voice who will
say that it was not the duty, and the bounden
duty, and the meaning and effect and obligation
of my colleague's oath, that he should sustainall
the necessary measures that were called for, for
the purpose of upholding and preserving and per-
petuating the Government and the Constitution?
Did he do it? No, Mr. President; when conster-
nation seized upon this city, and upon most of
the incumbents of the Government, and spread
itself widely through the Union poition of this
nation, when the Union heart of this great coun-
try was palsied, as it weie, and struck down to
the dust by the result of this great and disastrous
battle, and" was alarmed with apprehension that
the icbels would prove victorious, and would es-
tablish their own independence by armed icbel-
hon, if they did not ovei throw the Government
itself, when that was the consternation and the
apprehension of this great nation, what did my
colleague dor All the great and effective war
measiucb that are now in npeiation, and that have
given the Union and the Government the advant-
age in this war, were gotten up after that battle.
A series of war measures was introduced into the
Senate and into the House of Repiesentatives; |
and what did my colleague do m relation to them' I
lie \oted against every one of them. Is that the |
support which a loyal citizen and faithful Senator, i
sworn to support the Constitution of the United !
States, should give to that Constitution and to his i
Government? That is the manner in which, that 1
js the mete to which, my colleague has performed ;
his duty. Every measure that was necessary to ,
sustain the Government, to preserve the Consti- [
tution, and to put down the rebellion, he voted ;
against. <
"Mr. President, I know that there are some Sen- j
atorsheie at least, piobably many,w ho sympathize :
with my colleague m this indictment, as he calls it
vow, 1 put it to each and all of them, as men and
, alriots,as Senators of the United Stales of Amer-
ica, swoin to support the Constitution, which is
the fundamental law of our Government, if they
could justify themselves to their conscience and
to their God in voting as my colleague voted upon
all these measures ? "I put the question yesterday
and I put it to-day. My colleague had no more
ri"ht to immunity from the perfoimance of his
constitutional duty in this great crisis than every
member of the Senate had. Suppose every mem-
ber of the Senate had voted as my colleague did,
where now would be the Government? Sirs, I
put it to you as constitutional lawyeis, I putitto
| you as sLUeMiien, patriots, members of the Sen-
: ate, sentinels upon the watch-tower, charged with
; an important part of the power ot this Govern-
i mem, without which it cannot be conductcd--in
; the ?ieat crisis of this war, after the battle of Bull
! Runup to the present time—is there a man in the
i Senate who can justify himself to his country,
his conscience, or his God, for voting uniformly
against every measure calculated to raise supplies
of men and of money to uphold the Government
and the Constitution ?
My colleague has made a very self-complacent
and self-gracious speech. He always does. He
has endeavored to carry the war into Africa in
relation to the Union party of Kentucky. I will
make this general remark on that point: if the
Union party in the State of Kentucky, who were
not members of the Senate, chose to be disloyal
and false and faithless to their Government, and
to abandon it in its struggle for its life, does it
justify my colleague, as a member of the Senate,
for acting the same part? That is the question.
Now, I call upon my colleague to supply the evi-
dence, if he can, that after the battle of feull Run
the Union party of Kentucky ever advocated
neutrality in any foim whatever. That was a
great and a bloody fact. It brought to them the
extent and the fullness of the war; it satisfied them
that the rebels would never yield until they were
made to yield by conquest in the bloody field;
and from that time to this, the Union men of Ken-
tucky have so spoken and they have so written;
and the gentleman cannot find anything to the
contrary. Suppose all the Senate had acted as my
colleague has acted and voted in this Chamber
since that disastrous battle, what would be the
present condition of the United States; where
would be the Government of the United States;
where would be this body, the Senate? Where
would have been my colleague? He would then
have been received with open arms by secessia;
but the rest of you would have been flying as ex-
iles, or if you had been captured you would have
been immured in dungeons or hung upon the gal-
lows; hence the importance of paying due atten-
tion to that chronological fact. The only means
accessible by the Government of the United States
and by the American people, after the battle of
Bull Run, to prevent the overthrow of their Gov-
ernment and the establishment of secessia as a
hostile and an independent government, was to
vote for men and money in large numbers and
amounts. Did my colleague believe that moral
suasion or any other suasion would bring back
the confederate States after the battle of Bull Run ?
Is there any man so dull or so much of a dreamer
as ever to have hugged that delusion to his heart?
My colleague has too much intellect and ability
not to know that it was a moral impossibility.
He knew, he knew well, and the nation and the
woild knew, that the only agency by which the
contest then was to be decided, and by which the
seceding States could ever be brought back to
the Union, was the sword; and he knew that that
sword could notbe effectively and potently wielded
except in the hands of hundreds of thousands of
troops, sustained by hundreds of millions of
money. With all his knowledge of this great and
extreme public exigence, when that was the only
j possible mode of saving the Constitution and
I saving the Government, whenever a proposition
| was introduced into the Senate Chamber to vote
| men or money, or to raise any means by loan or
taxation or the issue of Treasury notes, or in any
other foim, to carry on this war effectively and
successfully, my colleague voted against every
such measuie. \ repeat the question I put yester-
day: if Jeff Davis and the secessionists of the
South in their confederate government could have
prescribed the votes and the course of my col-
league, would they have prescribed any different
course or any other votes than those which he
actually gave in opposition to these war measures?
My colleague stated that I had declared that,
about the 10th of September last, he addressed the
people in Owen county. I said no such thing. I
never heard before that it was his purpose to ad-
dress the people in Owen county; but I did hear
at the time that, either directly before or imme-
diately after the 10th of September convention,
my colleague did address people in various coun-
ts peace men, as they called themselves—in
favor of all the principles that were promulged in
the resolutions passed by that convention in Sep-
tember. I did not say that the barbacue in Owen
county had taken place 
Mr. PO WELL. If my colleague will allow me,
I will state that I did not address a single meet-
ing in any county m Kentucky except in my own
county; for I was not at any meeting out of it,
except at Frankfort.
