1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
In view of these considerations, it seems reason-
able to interpret, the Constitution—if it be consid-
ered applicable to treason where there has been
no judgment of death—simply so as to prevent
the forfeiture of estates which, without the act of
forfeiture, would have descended to heirs, as an
estate in fee-tail below, and an estate of an ances-
tor above, both of which at common law would
be forfeited by the corruption of blood consequent
on attainder. If this interpretation be adopted,
the prohibition would be applicable only to that
posthumous forfeiture which depended upon cor-
ruption of blood; and here the rule is sustained
by intrinsic justice. But all estate, real as well as
personal, actually belonging to the traitor, would
be forfeited.
In assuming the intrinsic justice of this rule, I
am sustained by the authority of Mr. Hallam,
who, in a note to his invaluable History of Lite-
rature—after declaring that, according to the prin-
ciple of Grotius, the English law of forfeiture in
high treason is just, being part of the direct pun-
ishment of the guilty; but that of attainder or cor-
ruption of blood is unjust, being an infliction on
the innocentalone—stops to say:
" I incline to concur in this distinction, and think it at
least plausible, though it was seldom 01 never taken in the
discussions concerning those two law**. Confi>canon is no
more unjust towaids the posteiity ofan offender than fine,
hom winch, of course, it only differs m degree."—Vol. 1,
p. 568.
Such an opinion from such an authority is entitled
to much weight in determining the proper signifi-
cation of doubtful words in the Constitution.
But there is still another interpretation which
ought not to be neglected. It supposes that the
comma in the text of the Constitution is mis-
placed, and that, instead of being after " corrup-
tion of blood," it should be after "forfeiture,"
separating it from the words "except during the
life of the party attainted," and making them refer
to the time when the attainder is to take place,
rather than to the length of time for which the
estate is to be forfeited. If this interpretation be
correct, then this much-debated clause must be re-
strained to forbid a forfeiture which was not pro-
nounced (t during the life of the person attainted."
In other words, the forfeiture cannotbepronounced
against a dead man, or the children of a dead man,
and this is all.
Amidst the confusion in which this clause is in-
volved, you cannot expect that it will be a strong
restraint upon any exercise of power under the
Constitution which otherwise seems rational and
just. But whatever may be its signification i£ has
no bearing on our rights against enemies. Crim-
inals only, and not enemies, can take advantage
of it.
Such, Mr. President, are the provisions or prin-
ciples of constitutional law which must control us
in the exercise of our rights against criminals. If
any bill or proposition, penal in character, having
for its object simply punishment, and ancillary
to the administration of justice, violates any of
these safeguards, it is not constitutional. There-
fore do I admit that the bill of the committee and
every other bill now before the Senate, so far as
they assume to exercise the rights of sovereignty
in contradistinction to the right of war, must be
in conformity with these provisions or principles.
But the Senator from Vermont, in his ingenious
speech, to which we all listened with so much in-
terest, was truly festive m his allusion to certain
proceedings much discussed in tins debate. The
Senator did not like the proceedings in rem, al-
though I do not know that he positively objected
to them as unconstitutional. It is difficult to im-
agine any such objection. Assuming that crim-
inals could not be reached to be punished person-
aZ/y, or that they had fled, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] and also the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Harris,] proposed to reach them
through their property, or, adopting technical lan-
guage, instead of proceedings in ptrsonam, which
must fail from want of jurisdiction, proposed pro-
ceedings in rem. Such proceedings may not be
of familiar resort, since, happily, an occasion
like the present has never before occurred among
us; but they are strictly in conformity with estab-
lished precedents, and also with the principles by
which these precedents are sustained.
Nobody can forget that smuggled goods are
liable to confiscation by proceedings in. rem. This
is a familiar instance. The calendar of our dis-
trict courts is crowded with these cases, when?
the United States are the plaintiff, and some in-
animate thing, an article of property, is the de-
fendant. Such, also, are the proceedings against
a ship engaged in the slave trade. Of course, by
the principles of the common law, a conviction
was necessary to divest the offender's title; but
this rule was never applied to forfeitures created
by statute. It is clear that the same sovereignty
which created the forfeiture might also determine
the proceedings by which it should be ascertained.
If, therefore, it be constitutional to direct the for-
feiture of rebel property, it is also constitutional
to authorize proceedings in rem against it, accord-
ing to established practice. Such proceedings
constitute "due process of law," well known in
our courts, familiar to the English Exchequer,and
having the sanction of the ancient Roman juiis-
prudence. If any authority were needed for this
statement, it will be foand in the judgment of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the case
ofthePalmyra, (12 Wheaton, 1,) where itis said:
"Many cases exist where there is both a forfeiture in
rem ami apeisonal penalty. But in nether class of ease?
has it ever heen decided that the prosecutions were depend-
ent upon each other; but the practice has been, and the
courts understand the law to be, that the proceeding in
rem stands independent of and wholly unaffected by any
ciiininal proceeding in personam.'*
The reason for pioceedings in rem is doubtless
that the thing is in a certain sense an offender,
or at least lias cooperated with the offender, as
in the case of a ship in the slave trade. But the
same reason prevails, although perhaps to less
extent, in the proposed proceedings against rebel
property, which, if not an offender, has at least
cooperated with the offender hardly less than the
ship in the slave trade. Through his property the
traitor is enabled to devote himself to treason, and
to follow its accursed trade, waging war against
his country, so that his property may be consid-
ered guilty also. But the condemnation ofthe
property cannot be a bar to proper proceedings
against the traitor himself, should he fall within
our power. The two proceedings are distinct,al-
though identical m their primary object, which is
punish ment.
Pardon me, sir, if I say that, dwelling on these
things, I feel humbled that the course ofthe de-
bate has imposed upon me any such necessity.
Standing as we do face to face with enemies who
are sti iking at the life of the Republic, it is pain-
ful to find ourselves subjected to all the embarrass-
ments of a criminal proceeding, as if this wai was
an indictment, and the Army and Navy of the
United States, now musteied on land and sea, was
only a. posse comitatus. It should not be so. The
rebels have gone outside of the Constitution to
make war upon their country. It is for us to pur-
sue them as enemies outside of the Constitution,
where they have wickedly placed themselves,and
where the Constitution concurs in placing them
also.
II. And this brings me to the second chief head
of inquiry, not less important then the first: what
are the rights against enemies lohich Congress may
exercise i?i war?
Clearly the United States may exercise all the
rights of war, which, according to international
law, belong to independent States. In affirming
this proposition I waive for the present all ques- i
tion whether these lights are to be exercised by
Congress or by the President. It is sufficientthat j
every nation has, in this respect, a perfect equal- I
lty; nor can any rights of war accorded to other j
nations, be denied to the United States. Harsh j
and repulsive as these rights unquestionably are, :
they are derived from the overruling, instinctive
law of self-defense, which is common to nations
as to individuals. Every community having the
form and character of sovereignty has a right to
national life, and, in defense of such life, it may
put forth all its energies. Any other principle
would leave it the wretched prey of wicked men,
abroad or at home. In vain you accord to it the
rights of sovereignty if you despoil it of other
rights without which sovereignty is only a name.
" I think, therefore I am," was the sententious ,
utterance by which the first of modern philoso- j
pliers demonstrated personal existence. I am, j
therefore 1 have rights," may be the declaration ,
of every sovereignty) when its existence is as- ^
sailed. * c |
Pardon me if I interpose again to remind you ot [
the essential difference between these rights and •
those we have just considered, Though incident
to sovereignty, they are not to be confounded with
those peaceful rights which are all exKausted'in a
penal statute within the limitations ofthe Consti-
tution. The difference between a judge and a gen-
eral, between the halter of the executioner ana the
sword of the soldier, between the open palm and
the clenched fist, is not greater than that between
these two classes of rights. They arc different
in origin, different in extent, and different in ob-
ject.
I rejoice to believe that civilization has already
done much to mitigate the rights of war, and it is
among long-cherished visions, which even pres-
ent events cannot make me renounce, that the
time will yet come when all these rights will be
further softened to the mood of permanent peace.
But though in the lapse of geneiations changed
in many things, especially as regards non-com-
batants and private property on land, these rights
still exist under the sanction of the laws of na-
tions, to be claimed whenever war prevails. It
would be absurd to accord the right to do a thing
without at the same time according the means
necessary to the end. And since war, whicMs
nothing less than organized force, is permitted, all
the means to its effective prosecution must be per-
mitted also, tempered always by that humanity
which strengthens while it charms.
If we resort to the earlier authorities, not ex-
cepting Grotius himself, we shall find these rights
stated most austerely. I shall not go back to any
such statement, but content myself with one of a
later date. You may find it harsh; but here it is:
" Since it is a condition of war, that enemies maybe de-
prived of all their right, it is reasonable that everything of
an enemy's, found among his enemies, s-hould change its
owner and go to the treasury. Itis moreover usually di-
rected, in all declarations of war, that the goods of enemies,
as well those found among us as those taken m war, shall
be confiscated, il we follow the mere light of war, even
immovable property may be sold and it? price carried into
the treasury, as b the custom with movable property. But
in almo&t all Euiope, it is only notified that their profits,
during the war, shall be leceived by the tieasury; and the
war being ended, the immovable piopeity itself is restored,
by agreement, to the former owner.''—Bynk., Quw. Juris
Pullici, lib. 1, cap. 7.
These are the words ofthe eminent Dutch pub-
licist, Bynkershoek, of the middle of the last cen-
tury. In adducing them now I avoid the original
Latin, and present them as adopted by Mr. Jef-
ferson in his remarkable dispatch to the British
minister on the confiscations ofthe American Rev-
olution. There arc no words of greater weight in
any writer on the law of nations. But Mr. Jef-
ferson did not content himself with quotation. In
the same dispatch, he thus states unquestionable
rights:
" It cannot be denied that the state of war strictly per-
mits a nation to seize the property of its enemies found
within its own limits or taken in war, and in whatever form
it exists, whether in action or possession."—American Stale
Papers, Foreign Affairs, vol. 1, p. 201.
This sententious statement is under the date of
1792, and when we consider the circumstances
which called it forth, it may be accepted as the
American doctrine on the question involved. But
even in our own day, since the beginning of the
present war, the same principle has been stated
stilt more sententiously m another quarter. The
Lord Advocate of Scotland, in the British House
of Commons, as late as 17th March of the present
year, declared:
" The principle of all war is a denial of the rights of pri-
vate property to a belligerent enemy. That is one of its
essential ingredients."
In quoting these authorities, which are general i n
their bearing, I do not stop to consider the limita-
tions with which they may be received. I accept
them as the slatting point in the present inquiry,
and assume that by the rights of warenemy prop-
erty may be taken. But rights with regaid to such
property may he modified by the locality of the
property, and this consideration makes il pioper
to consider them under two heads: first, lights
with regard to enemy property actually within the
national jurisdiction, and, secondly, rights with
regard to enemy property actually outside the
national jurisdiction. It is easy to see, however,
that in the present war^any rights against enemy
property actually outside the national jurisdiction
must exist a fortiori against such property actually
within the jurisdiction. But for the sake of clear-
ness, I shall speak of them separately.
First. I begin with the rights of war overemmy
property actually within the national jurisdiction.
