zm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
In stating the general rule, I shall adopt the lan-
guage of a* recent English authority:
" Although there have been so rn.my conventions grant-
ing exemption ironi the liabilities lesulting fiom a state of
war. the ri^ht to seize [he property of enemies found in our
terriWy when was breaks out, remains indisputable, ae-
.-coidmg to the law of nations, wherever there is no such
fpecjal convention. AHjuri.-t*, including the most recent,
such as De Mortens and Ivluber agiee iu this decision."
—Mannivg,s Law of Nations, 127.
This statement is general. In Order to appre-
ciate it accurately it must be considered m its
application to different kinds of property.
1. It is undeniable that in its generality the rule
must embrace real property, or, as it is termed by
the Roman law and the continental systems of
jurisprudence,immovables; butso importantan au-
thority as Yattel excepts this species of property
for the reason that, being acquired by the consent
of the sovereign, it is to be considered as under the
safeguard of the public faith. (Vattel, book 3, cap.
5, sec. 76.) But personal property is also under
the same safeguard, and yet it is not embraced
within the exception. If such indeed be the reason
jor the exception of real property, it loses all appli-
cability where the property belongs to an enemy, who
began by breaking faith on his side. Surely, what-
ever may be the immunity of an ordinary enemy,
it is difficult to see how a rebel enemy, whose
hostility is bad faith in arms, can plead any safe-
guaid. Cessante ralione cessat et ipsa lex is an ap-
proved maxim of the law, and since with-us the
reason of Yattel docs not exist, the exception
which he propounds need not be recognized, to
the disparagement of the general rule.
2. The rule is necessarily applicable to all per-
sonal property, or, as it is otherwise called, mova-
bles. On this point there is hardly a dissenting
voice, while the Supreme Court of the United
States, in a case constantly cited in this debate,
has solemnly affirmed it. 1 refer to Brown vs. Uni-
ted Slates, (8 Cranch, 110,) where the broad prin-
ciple was assumed that war gave to the sovereign
full right to take and confiscate the property of the
enemy wherever found, and that the mitigations
oft his rule, derived from modern civilization,might
affect the exercise of the right, but could not im-
pair the right itself. Goods of the enemy actually
in the country, and all vessels and cargoes afloat
in our ports at the commencement of hostilities,
were declared liable to confiscation. In England
it has been the constant usage, under the name
of droits of Admiralty, to seize and condemn the
property of an enemy in its ports at the breaking
out of hostilities. (Wheaton'a Elements of Inter-
national Law, part 4, chap. 1, sec. 11.) But this
was not followed in the Ciimean war, although
the claim itself'has never been abandoned.
3. The rule, in its strictness, is also applicable
toprivate debts due toanonemy. Although justly
obnoxious to the charge of harshness, a*nd surely
uncongenial with an age of universal commerce,
this application has been recognized by the judi-
cial authorities of the United Stales. Between
debts contracted under the faith of laws and prop-
erty acquired under the faith of the same laws,
reason can draw no distinction; and the light of
the sovereign to confiscate debts is precisely the
same with the right to confiscate other property
found within the country on the breaking out of
war. Both, it is said, require some special act ex-
pressing the sovereign will, and both depend loss
on any inflexible rule of internal ion vl law than on
paramount political considerations, which inter-
national jaw will not control. Of coutse, just so
far as slaves are legarded as property, or as bound
to service or labor, they cannot constitute an ex-
ception to this rule, while the political considera-
tions which enter so largely into its nppheaiion
have with regard to them a commanding foice.
In their case, by a natural metamorphosis, confis-
cation becomes emancipation.
Such are the recognized rights of war with
regiud to enemy property within the national
jurisdiction.
Secondly. Thesamebroad rule with which I be-
gan may be stated touching an enemy's property
beyond the nationaljurisdietion, subject, of course,
to mitigations from usage ^policy, and humanity;
but still existing, to be employed in the discretion
of the belligerent Power, it may be illustrated by
its application to different classes of cases.
1. The public property of all kiruls belonging
to an enemy—that is, the property of the Gov"
ernment, or prince—including lands, forests, for-
tresses, munitions of war, movables—is all subject
to seizure and appropriation by the conqueror,
who may transfer thesame by valid title, substi-
tuting himself, in this rcspect, for the displaced
Government or prince. But it is obvious that
in the case of immovables the title can be finally
assured only by the establishment of peace, while
in the case of movables it is complete from the
moment the property comes within the firm pos-
session of the captor, so as to bo alienated inde-
feasibly. In harmony with the military prepos-
sessions of ancient Rome, such a title was consid-
ered the best to be had, and its symbol was a spear.
2. The private property of an enemy at sea, or
afloat in port, is indiscriminately liable to capture
and confiscation; but the title is assured only by
condemnation in a competent court of prize.
3. While the private property of an enemy on
land, according to the modern practice of nations,
is exempt from seizure, simply as private prop-
erty, yet it is exposed to seizure m certain speci-
fied cases. Indeed, it may be more correct to say,
with Manning, that " it is still liable to seizure/'
under circumstances constituting in themselves a
necessity, of which the conqueror is the judge.
(Manning's Law of Nations, p. 136.) It need not
bo added that this extraordinary power must be
so used that it shall not assume the character of
spoliation. It must have an object essential to the
conduct of the war. But with such an object, it
cannot be questioned. The obvious reason for its
exemption is that the proprietor is not personally
responsible, as the Government or the prince. But
every rebel is personally responsible.
4. Private property of an enemy on land may
be taken as a penalty for the illegal acts of indi-
viduals, or of the community to which they be-
long. The exercise of this right can only be vin-
dicated by peculiar circumstances; but it is clearly
among the recognized agencies of war, and it is
easy to imagine that at times it may be important,
especially in dealing with a dishonest rebellion.
5. Private property of an enemy on land may
be taken for contributions to support the war.
This has been done in times past on a large scale.
Napoleon adopted the rule that war should support
itself. Upon the invasion of Mexico by the armies
of the United States, in 1840, the commanding gen-
erals were, at first, instructed to abstain from taking
private property without purchase at a fair price;
but subsequently instructions of a severer charac-
ter were issued. It was declared by Mr. Marcy,
who was at the time Secretary of War, that an
invading army lu\d the unquestionable right to
draw its supplies from the enemy without paying
for them, and to require contributions for its sup-
port, and to make the enemy feel the weight of the
war. Such contributions are sometimes called
" requisitions," and a German writer on the law
of nations says that it was Washington who " in-
vented the expression and the thing." (Kluber,
sec. 251.) Possibly the expression; but the thing
is as old as war.
G. Piivatc property of an enemy on land may
be taken on the field of battle, in the operations of
a siege or in the storming of a place which refuses
to capitulate. This goes under the offensive name
of" booty." In the late capture of the imperial
palace of Pekin, by the allied forces of France
and England, tins right was illustrated by the sur-
render of its contents, with all its silks and furni-
ture, to the lawless cupidity of an excited soldiery.
7. The pretended property of an enemy in
slaves may unquestionably be taken; and, when
taken, will of course be at the disposal of the
captor. If slaves be regarded as property, then
will their confiscation come precisely within the
rule already stated. But, since slaves arc men,
there is stili another rule of public law applicable
to them. It is clear that, where there is an intes-
tine division in an enemy countiy, we may take
advantage of it, according to Haileck, in his recent
work on International Law, " without scruple."
(Page 410.) Butslaveiy is more than an intes-
tine division: it is a constant state of war. The
ancient Scythians said to Alexander: "between
the master and slave no friendship exists; even
J in peace the rights of war are still preserved."
j (Q,. Curtius, lib. 5, cap. G.) In giving freedom to
| slaves, a nation in war simply takes advantage of
■ the actual condition of things. But there is still
| another vindication of this right which 1 prefer to
! give m the language of Yattel. After declaring
! that " m conscience and by the laws of equity"
we maybe obliged to restore " booty" recovered
out of the hands of an enemy who had taken it
in an unjust war, this humane publicist proceeds
as follows:
The obligation is more certain and more extensive
with rcgani to a people whom our oneiny has unjustly op-
pressed. For a people thus spoiled of their liberty never
renounce the hope of recoveu'mj it. It they hav<> not vol-
untary meoipoiated themselves with the State by which
they have been subdued—if they have not freely aided her
m the wai ai^ainsi us—kc ouzhb certainly so to use our vic-
tory a& not merely to %ire them a new master, but to hieak
thar chains. To deliver an oppressed people a noble
fruit of vieroiy; it is a valuable advantage gamed thus to
aequiie a faithful friend.'1—Vattel, book 3, cap. 13, sec. 253.
These are not the words of a visionary, or of a
speculator, or of an agitator; but of a publicist,
one of the acknowledged authorities on the law of
nations.
Therefore, according to the rights of war, slaves,
if regarded as property, may be declared free, or
if regarded as men, they may also be declared free,
under two acknowledged rules: first, of self-inter-
est, in order to procure an ally, and secondly, of
conscicnce and equity, in order to do an act of jus-
tice which shall ennoble victory.
Such, sir, are the acknowledged rights of war
with regard to enemy property, whether within
or beyond our territorial jurisdiction. I have done
little more than state these rights, without stop-
ping to comment on them, if they seem harsh,
itis because war in its essential character is harsh.
It is sufficient for our present purpose that they
exist.
Of course all these rights belong to the United
States. There is not one of them which can be
denied. They are ours under that great title of
independence by which our place was assured in
the family of nations. Dormant in peace, they are
aroused into activity only by the breath of war,
when they all place themselves at our bidding, to
be employed at our own time, in our own way,
and according to our own discretion, subject only
to that enlightened public opinion which now rules
the civilized woild.
Belonging to the United States, by virtue of
international law, and being essential to self-
defense, they are naturally deposited with the su-
preme power which holds the issues of peace and
war. Doubtless there are rights of wai, embracing
confiscation, contribution, and liberation, which
may be exercised by any commanding general in
the field, or may be ordered by the President, ac-
cording to the exigency. Mr. Marcy was not
ignorant of his duty, when, by instructions from
Washington, in the name of the President, he di-
rected the levy of contributions in Mexico. But
all these rights of war, which I have reviewed to-
day, are deposited with the Government of the
United Stales, which means Congress, in conjunc-
tion with the President. In European countries
they are deposited with the executive alone; as in
England with the Queen in Council; and in France
and Russia with the Emperor; but in the United
States they ate deposited with the Picsident, the
Senate, and the House of Representatives, whose
jomt action becomes the supreme law of the land.
The Constitution has notbecn silent on thisques-
tion. It has expressly provided that Congress
shall have power, first, " to declare war, "and thus
set in motion all the rights of war; secondly, " to
giant letters of maique and repiisal," being two
special agencies of war; thirdly, " to make rules
of captures on land and water," which power of
itself embraces the whole field ofeonfiseation, con-
Uibution, and liberation; fourthly, "to raise and
support armies," which power, of cour.se, must
embrace all the means for this purpose known to
the rights of war; fifthly, " to provide and main-
tain a navy," of course according to the rights
of war; sixthly, " to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the kind and navalforces,"
a power which involves again confiscation, con-
tribution,and liberation; and seventhly," to pro-
tide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppiess insuirections, and
repel invasions," a power which again sets in
motion all the rights of war. But as if to leava
nothing undone, the Constitution further empow-
ers Congress " to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution
the foregoing powers." In puisuance of these
powers Congiess has already enacted upwards of
one hundred articles of war for the government of
the Army, one of which provides for the security
ofpublic stores taken from the enemy. It has also
