2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
of the .confederates of Absalom. The Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] reminded v.s
that it prevailed among the Persians and Mace-
donians. In the better days ot the Roman repub-
lic it was little known; but it appeared with the
vengeful proscriptions of feylla; and Csssar him-
self always forbearing:, while striving to mitigate
the penalties of the Canlinian conspirators, moved
a confiscation of all their property to the public
treasury. It flourished under the emperors, who
made it alternately the instrument of tyranny and
cupidity. But there were virtuous emperors, like
Antoninus Pius, under whom the goods of a con-
vict were abandoned to his children, and like Tro-
jan, under whom confiscation was unknown.
Among the reforms of Justinian, in his immortal
revision of the law, this penalty was abolished,
except in cases of treason. But these instances,
it will be observed, illustrate confiscation only as
a punishment. Throughout Roman history it had
been inseparable from war. The auction was
an incident of the camp. It was a distribution of
bounty lands among the soldiers of Octavius, after
the establishment oY his power, that drove Virgil
from his paternal acres to seek imperial favor at
Rome.
In modern times confiscation became a constant
instrument of government, both in punishment
and in war. It was an essential incident to the
feudal system, which was in itself a form of gov-
ernment. Ruthlessly exercised,sometimes against
individuals and sometimes against whole classes,
it was converted into an engine of vengeance and
robbery, which spared neither genius or num-
bers. In Florence it was directed against Dante,
and in Holland against Grotius, while in early
England it was the power by which William of
Normandy despoiled the Saxons of their lands and
parceled them amonghis followers. In Germany,
during the period of theological conflict which
darkened that great country, it was often used
against the Protestants, and was at one time men-
aced on a gigantic scale. The papal nuncio sought
nothing less than the confiscation of all the goods
of heretics. Spain was not less intolerant than
Germany, and the story of the Moors and the
Jews, stripped of their possessions and sent forth
as wanderers, protests against such injustice. In
early France confiscation was not idle, although
in one instance it received an application which
modern criticism will not reject, when, by special
ordinance, rebels were declared to be enemies, and
their property subjected to confiscation as prize
of war.
By the law of England, it was the inseparable
incident of treason, flourishing always in 1 reland,
where rebellion was chronic, and showing itself
in Great Britain whenever rebellion occurred. But
it was simply as a part of the punishment, pre-
cisely as the traitor was drawn and quartered and
his blood was corrupted, all according to law.
The scaffold turned over to the Government all
the estate of its victims. But there is another in-
stance in English history entirely different in
character, where Henry VIII, in his waifare with
the Catholic Church, did not hesitate to despoil
the monasteries of their great possessions, with a
clear annual value of .€131,607, or, according to
Bishop Burnet, ten tunes that sum. This prop-
erty, so enormous in those days, wrested at once
from the mortmain of the Church, testifies to the
boldness, if not to the policy, with which this
power was wielded.
But it is in modern France that confiscation has
played the greatest part, and has been the most
formidable weapon, whether of punishment or of
war. At first abolished by the revolution, as a
velic of royal oppression, it was at length adopted
by the revolution. Amidst thedangei s which men-
aced the country, thissaenfiee was pronounced es-
sential to save it, and successive laws were passed,
beginning with the 10th August, 1792, by which
it was authorized. Never before in history was
confiscation so sweeping. It aroused at the time
the eloquent indignation of Burke, and it still
causes a sigh among all who think less of princi-
ples than of privileges. From an official report
made to the First Consul, it appeared that before
1601, sales had been authorized by the Govern-
ment to the fabulous amount of two thousand five
hundred and sixty-six millionsof francs, or above
five hundred millionsof dollars, while sail a lavo-e
mass of confiscated property remained unsold.
The whole vast possessions of the Church disap-
peared in this chasm. Cruel as were many of the
consequences, this confiscation must be judged as
a part of that mighty revolution whose temper it
shared; nor will it be easy to condemn anything
but its excesses, unless you are ready to say that
the safety of France, torn by domestic foes and
invaded abroad, was not worth securing, or that
equality before the law, which is now the most
assured possession of that great nation, was not
worth obtaining. It was a part of the broad scheme
of Napoleon, moved by a politic generosity to
mitigate as far as possible the operation of this
promiscuous spoliation,especially by restraining
it, according to the principle of the bill whieh 1
have introduced, to the most obnoxious persons,
although this wise ruler knew too well what was
due to titles once fixed by Government to con-
template any restoration of the landed property
already alienated. " Theie are," he exclaimcd,
in the Council of State, " above one hundred thou-
sand names on these unhappy lists; it is enough
to turn one's head. The list must be reduced by
three fourths of its number to the names of such as
are known to be hostile to the Government.55 (Ali-
son's History, vol. 6, p. 41.) It was hostility to
the Government which constituted with him the
sufficient reason for a continued denial of all rights
of property or citizenship. And so jealous was
he on this point, that, when he heard that some
who were allowed to enter upon their yet unalien-
ated lands, had proceeded to cut down their for-
ests, partly from necessity and partly to transfer
their funds to foreign States, he interfered peremp-
torijy, in words applicable to our present condi-
tion, "We cannot allow the greatest enemies of
the republic, the defenders of old prejudices, to
recover their fortunes and despoil France." (Ali-
son's History, p. 42.) This episode of history, so
suggestive to us, will not be complete if I do not
mention that through this policy of confiscation
France passed from the hands of dominant propri-
etors, with extended possessions, into the hands
of those small farmers who now constitute so im-
portant a feature in its social and political life.
Nor can I neglect to add that kindred in charac-
ter, though involving no loss of property, was the
entire obliteration at the same time of the historic
provinces of France, and the substitution of new
divisions into departments, with new landmarks
and new names, so that the ancient landmaiks and
ancient names, which quickened so many preju-
dices, no longer served to sepaiafe the people.
But this story is not vet ended. Accustomed
to confiscation at home, Fiancedidnot hesitate to
exercise it abroad, under the name of contribu-
tions; nor was there anything which her strong
hand did not appropriate, sometimes, it might be,
the precious treasures of art, paintings of Rafiaelle
or Paul Potter, enshrined in foreign museums, and
sometimes the ornaments of churches, palaces, and
streets. Butitwasin hard money that these con-
tributions were often levied. For instance, in 1807,
Napoleon exacted of Prussia, with only seven
millions of in habitants, a war contribution of more
than one bundled and twenty millions of dollars,
and in 1809,the s&mc conqueror cxactedfrom Aus-
tria a like contribution of about fifty millions of dol-
lars. 11 also appears that Davoust, one of his mar-
shals, who was stationed at Hamburg, levied upon
that single commercial city, during the short term
of eleven months, contributions in money amount-
ing to more than half a million of dollars, and con-
tributions in kind amounting to more than one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars. But the day
of reckoning came when France, humbled at last,
was constrained to accept peace fiom the victorious
allies encamped at Pans. The paintings, the mar-
bles, and the ornaments ravished from foreign cap-
itals were all taken away, while immense sums
were exacted for the expenses of the war and also
for spoliations during the revolution, amount-
ing in all to $300,000,000. Such is the lesson of
France.
And still later, actually in our day, the large
possessions of the late king, Louis Philippe, were
confiscated by Louis Napoleon, while every mem-
bei of the Orleans family was compelled to part
with his property before the expiration of a year,
! under penalty of forfeiture and confiscation. But
: this harsh act bad its origin in the assumed neces-
! si ties of self-defense, that this powerful family
I might be excluded from France, not only in per-
' son but in property also, and have no foothold of
i influence there.
While it is easy to see that these interesting in-
stances are only slightly applicable to our coun-
try, yet I do not disown any of the suggestions of
caution or clemency which they inculcate. But
there arc other instances in our own history which
must not be neglected. All are aware that the
property of Tories, Loyalists, and refugees was
confiscated during the Revolution; but I doubt if
Senators know the extent to which this was done,
or the animosity by which it was impelled. Out of
many illustrations, I select the early language of
the patriot Hawley, of Massachusetts, in a letter
to Elbridge Gerry, under date of July 17, 1776.
" Can we subsist," said this patriot, " did any
State ever subsist, without exterminating traitors?
It is amazingly wonderful that, having no capi-
tal punishment for our intestine enemies, we have
not been utterly ruined before now." But the
statutes which were passed are the most authentic
testimony. I hold in my hand a list of these stat-
utes, which I have arranged according to States,
amounting to eighty-eight in number. Some of
these are very severe, as may be imagined from
the titles which I proceed to give:
1. New Hampshire—To confiscate estates of sundry per-
*011$ theiein named. November 28. 1778.
2. Massachusetts—To pievent the letum of certain per-
sons thciein named, and others who had left that
State, oi ciihci of the United States, and joined tlie
enemies thereof. 1778.
3. To confiscate the estates of ceitain notorious conspir-
ators against the government and liberties of the peo-
ple of the late province, now State ofMassachusetts
Bay. 3770.
4. To reppai two laws of the State, and for asserting the
lights of that free and sovereign Commonwealth, to
expel such aliens as may he dangerous to thp peace
and good oider of government. March 24, 1784.
5. In addition to an act passed Marcti 24, repealing two
laws. November 10, 1784.
6. Rhode Island—To confiscate and sequester estate*, and
punish coitain per on«. Octobei, 3775.
6-13. To confiscate and sequester estates, and punish cer-
tain persons. Februaiy, March, May, June, July,
August, October, 3776.
34,15. To confiscate and sequester estates, and punish cer-
tain pcit-ons. Februaiy, October, 1778.
16-20. To confiscate and sequester estates, and punish cer-
tain persons. Febiuary, May, August, September,
October, 3779.
21-23. To comitate and sequester estates, and punish cer-
tain poisons. July, September, Octobei, 1780.
24,2.-1. To confiscate and sequester rotates, and punish cer-
tain persons. Januarj, May, 3783.
26-28. To confiscate and requester estates, and punish cer-
tain persons. June, October, November, 1782.
29-32. To confiscate and sequester estates, and punish cer-
tain persons. February, May, June, Octobcr, 1783.
33. To send out of the State N. Spick and John Under-
wood, who had tormeily joined the enemy and were
returned into Rhode Island. May 27, 1783.
3i. To send William Young, theietofoie banished, out of
the State, and forbidden to return at his peril. June
8, 3783.
35. To allow William Brenton, late an absentee, to visit
Ins family lor one week, and then sent away, not to
return. June 32, 1783-
36. To banish S. Knowles, whose estate had been for-
feited, on pam of death ifho return. October, 1783.
37. Connecticut—Dneeting certain confiscated estates to
be sold.
.38. New York—For the forfeitme and sales of the estates
of persons who. have adhered to the enemies of the
State. Octobei 22, 1779.
39. For the immediate sale of part of the confiscated es-
tates. Maich 10,1780.
40. Approving an act of Congress, &c. June 15, 1780.
41. Relating 10 the State credit, &c. October 7, 1780.
42. For granting a more effectual relief in cases of ceitain
trespasses. March 17,1783.
43. For suspending the prosecutions therein mentioned.
Match 21, 1783.
44. To amend ceitain acts. May 4, 1784.
45. To preserve the fioedom and independence of the State.
May 12, 1781.
46. New jersey—'To punish tiaitors and disaffected peisons.
October 4. )77(j.
47. For taking charge of and leasing the ical estates, and
for forfeiting petsonal estates of ceitain fugitives and
offendeis. Aptil 18, 1778.
48. For forfeiting to. and vesting in the State, the real es-
tates of ceitain fugitives and offenders. December
11, 1778.
49. Supplemental to the act to punish traitors and disaf-
leeted persons. Octobei 3, 1782.
50. To appiopriate a certain forfeited estate. December
23,1783.
51. Pennsylvania—For the attainder ofdivers traitors, and
foi \Wung their estatesm theCommon wealth if they
render not themselves by a ceitain day. March 6,
1778.
52. To attaint Henry Goidon, and the seizure ofhis estates
confirmed. Januasy 31, 1783.
53. Delaware—Declaims: the estates of certain persons for-
feited and themselves incapable of being elected to
anv office. Febiuary 5, 17*5 8.
54. Mainland—Granting privileges to debtors of those not
subjects of the State. October, 1780.
55. To seize, confiscate, and appropriate all British prop-
eily within the State. October, 1780.
56. To appoint eommisMoneis to preserve confiscated
propeity. October. 1780.
