3154
THE COKGBESSKMAL GLOBE.
July "7,
the Territory of New Mexico, and captured and destroyed,
4d MuMl to fae'destroyed, large quantities of tire public
properly of the United States, and of the private property
oftlie people of New Mexico; and whereas the said State
of Texas lias by force, illegally taken and converted to her
own u«e large sums of money of the United States, of the
Territory of New Mexico and of the citizens of the United
Stares residing in said Territory, and whereas the said
Suite of Texas is the owner of large quantities of unsold
and unoccupied lands: Therefore, _
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of ascertaining the
amount so due the United States, the Territory of Now
Mexico and its citizens, by the State of Texas, and inquire
into the expediency and legality of confiscating so much of
the public lands of the State of Texas us may be sufficient
to pay the amount so found and owing, and report by bill
or otherwise.
CIRCUIT .COURT ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. SARGENT submitted the following reso-
lution, which was road, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsolnei, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
number of judges oftlie Supreme Court to ten, and or es-
tablishing an additional circuit court of the United States
court to be called circuit No. JO, and to be composed nl the
States of California and Oregon, and that they have leave
to report by hill or otherwise.
CUSTODY OK MINISKALOOICAL SPECIMENS.
Mr. WATTS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed'to Inquire into the expediency ot providing in the
Patent Office suitable cases hi which to be deposited the
mlneralogicnl specimens from the different States and Ter-
ritories contributed by Senators, members of the House uf
Representatives, and Delegates In Congress, and report by
• hill or otherwise.
PAY OF OHAItr-KS HENRY FOSTER.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Seroeant-at-Arms he directed to pay
to Charles Henry Foster his compensation as a claimant ol
a seat as Representative from the second congressional dis-
trict of North Carolina In the Thiity-Seventh Congress.
Mr. BLAKE. I objcct.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is in order.
Mr. P. A. CONICLING. I call for the yeas
ami nays upon its adoption.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid on the tabic; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. WALTON introduced the following joint
resolution; which was road a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Library:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmoira in Congress assembled, Tiuit
the hnokt and public documents now in the Department of
the Interior, subject to distribution according to the order
of members of both Houses of Congress, under the act of
March Q, 1881, shall be distributed to «uch incorporated col-
leges, public libraries, athenaeums, and literary and scien-
tific associations as shall bo designated in each State by the
Senators and members of the present Congress; and in case
of failure to designate by such members in any State or dis-
trict, then to such institutions before mentioned as shsiH be
designated by Senators and members for such State or dis-
trict in the next or any nteceodlug Congress.
Mr. MOORHEAD. IIus the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
NATIONAL FOUNDEHY.
• Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the consent of the
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on ihe state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of House joint resolution No. 42, pro-
viding? for the establishment of a national foundcry
east of the Alleghany mountains, and a nahonal
foundery, a national armory, and a manufactur-
ing ar.senal west of that lino and in the valley of
the Ohio ami Mississippi.
Mr. DAWES. I objcct.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOLM AN. I submit the question of order
that, even if the resolution is brought before the
House, it must be first considered in Committee
of the Whole, as it makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The House, by a two-thirds
vote, may suspend that rule.
The rules were not suspended—only twenty-
two members voting therefor.
MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be directed to make full investigation into tliealleged issue
of patents for lands included within the military reserva-
tion at Fort Leavenworth, and all the circumstances con-
nected therewith; and also to inquire in relation to the
present situation oftlie military reservation at Port Sneli-
iug; and that they be authorized to send for persons and
papers and to examine witnesses under oatii.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, certain
papers relating to the subjects of the resolution
were also introduced, referred, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate have passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House (No. 438) to grant pensions.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (No. 351) supplementary to the
act for the release of certain persons held to ser-
vice in the District of Columbia, approved April
16, 1862; in which ho was instructed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The message furtherannouneed that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the bill of the Senate (No. 175) to de-
fine the pay and emoluments of certain officers of
the Army, and for other purposes; and adhered
to their disagreement to the amendments of the
House to the said bill.
The message furtherannouneed that the Senate
disagree to the amendment of the House to their
eighth amendment, and insist upon their second,
ninth, and tenth amendments,disagreed to by the
House, to the bill of the House (No. 393) making
further appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the yearendirig 30lh of June,
18G3, and,additional appropriations for the year
ending tft£ 30th of June, 1862; ask a conference
with the House on the disagreeing votes oftlie two
Houses thereon; and have appointed Mr. Colla-
mer, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Clark the commit-
tee of conference on their part.
The message further announced that the Senate
insist upon their amendments, disagreed to by the
House, to the bill of the House (No. 187) to au-
thorize an additional issue of United States notes,
and for other purposes; agree to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon; and have appointed Mr.
l''Essi:NDEH, Mr. Sherman,and Mr. Wright the
commiltiM! of conference on the part of the Senate.
MARQAKET BAILEY.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the consent of the
House to permit the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to report back House bill No. 527, to secure
one month's pay and pension to Margaret Bailey,
widow of George E. Bailey, lieutenant colonel in
the ninth regiment of Virginia volunteers. I have
not asked many favors of.the House, and hope I
may be indulged in the appeal which I wish now
to make.
The SPEAKER. No debate is at this time in
order.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask that the bill maybe
read.
The bill was read, ltdirects that there be paid
to Margaret Bailey, widow of George B. Bailey,
late acting lieutenant colonel in the ninth regi-
ment of Virginia volunteers, one month's pay of
a lieutenant colon-el for services rendered by her
husband as lieutenant colonel and surgeon, prior
to November 10,1861, when he was killed in bat-
tle at Guyandotte, Virginia.
The bill also directs the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to place the name of Margaret Bailey on the
pension roll, and that she be allowed and paid
the same pension that she would have been en-
titled to had herhusband been regularly mustered
into the service of the United States service as a
lieutenant colonel of infantry at the time of his
death.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not propose to object
to the bill, but 1 wish to suggest that the law, as
it is in foice to-day, is somewhat different in re-
gard to pensions from that which the House has
proposed to provide for the future. 1 desire thit
our legislation may be uniform.
Mr. TRIMBLE. It is the object of this hill
to conform to 'hp existing legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to suggest,,therefore,
that the pension be fixed at thirty dollars a month,
which is the rate we have proposed to fix in such
instances. ,
I^r. TRIMBLE. I ask that the report m the
case may be read.
The report was read, from which itappears that
George B. Bailey was acting lieutenant colonel in
the ninth regiment of Virginia volunteers; that
Hon. K. V-Whaley, who had been authorized
by the Governor of Virginia to raise the ninth
Virginia regiment, selected George B. Bailey as
his second in command because of his character,
military education,and practical experience in the
field as captain of a company in the first regiment
of Ohio volunteers in the three months service;
that Guyandotte, Virginia, was made the recruit-
ing station for the ninth Virginia regiment, and
Acting Lieutenant Colonel Bailey put in sole
charge of it; that from about the 1st of October
George B. Bailey was zealously engaged in organ-
izing the ninth Virginia regiment, and in giving
such protection to that part of the border as his
force would admit of; that he also performed the
duty of surgeon to the ninth Virginia regiment;
that on the mghtof the 10th of November an attack
was made on the town of Guyandotte by a cavalry
force of twelve hundred, under command of the
notorious rebels Jenkins and Clarkson, in which
Acting Lieutenant Colonel Bailey and eight others
were killed, six wounded, and sixty, including
Colonel It. V. Whaley, were taken prisoners, the
enemy losing in killed seventeen men and sixteen
horses; that the ninth Virginia regiment was filled
up by consolidating with it the tenth Viiginia regi-
ment; that all of the officers and privates belonging
to the regiment at the time of the attack oil Guy-
andotte have been paid,and those who were killed,
having been mustered into service, will be entitled
to pension; that Acting Lieutenant Colonel Bailey,
as appears by letter from Governor Pierpont,
would have received his commission but for his
untimely death; that Acting Lieutenant Colonel
Bailey leaves a widow and five small children
without any means of support.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I have several letters, and a
petition signed by all oftlie Virginia State officers,
many officers of the army in Western Virginia,
and a large number of citizens in the valley of the
Ohio, asking that Congress will perform this act
of justice to the widow of Lieutenant Colonel
Bailey. ,
I now send to the Clerk's desk a letter from
Colonel Whaley, the memSer from the twelfth
district of Virginia, which I ask may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, June 17, 1862.
Sir : I am requested by the friends of Captain George B.
Bailey, of Portsmouth, Ohio, to give a statement concern-
ing the services rendered by him m assisting to organize the
ninth Virginia regiment at Guyandotte. I will state 1 was
authorized by Governor Pierpont, of Virginia, to organize
the ninth Virginia regiment, he giving me the privilege of
selecting alt the regimental officers of said regiment, stat-
ing that he would commission them upon my recommenda-
tion. X selected Captain Bailey as lieutenant colonel j ho
had the military discipline of said regiment under his con-
trol for one month,also attended the sick in hospital, being
a physician by piofession. He was killed on the 10th of
November, 1861, while bravely doing his duty in that des-
perate contest at the time one hundred raw recruits were
attacked by twelve hundred and ten cavalry under the rebel
colonels Clarkson and Jenkins. Had he lived he would have
been commissioned as lieutenant colonel in a few weeks.
His death has left a very destitute family, and the loyal peo-
ple of that portion of Viiginia arc anxious that they should
bo provided for the same as his services would have en-
titled him to had he lived to have obtained his commission.
Respectfully yours, K. V. WHALEY.
Hon. W. McKee Dunn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire whether the
amendment 1 suggested has been made to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not received
any amendment.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then X move to insert" thirty-
dollars per month," in lieu, of the language used
in the bill.
The bill was so amended by unanimous con-
sent.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
ESTABLISHMENT OF GOVERNMENT ARSENALS.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table, that
