212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
The CHAIRMAN. He can only yield for the
purpose of explanation.
Mr. DIVEN. Then I object to the gentleman
from Illinois speaking in the time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Illinois was alluded to in the matter of Bull
Run, and certainly he is entitled to make a per-
sonal explanation." [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. I am willing to yield to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does not the gentleman be-
lieve if the Army did actually advance 
Mr. DIVEN. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot yield.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does not the objection come
too late ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not.
Mr. WRIGHT. As I repeated a moment since,
I now state again, that in consequence of the
clamor that was made the Army did advance. The
consequence of that advance it is not for me to
estimate. The Army, after its disaster at Bull
Run, was reorganized, and a new general was put
at its head; and to-day I believe that there is no
better disciplined army than the Army of the Po-
tomac. If the Commander-in-Chief, General Mc-
Ciellan, with his military advisers, be permitted
to decide the question of advance, I have every
confidence that he has the ability to put down this
rebellion, and to restore the Government to what
it was. I use the expression restore the Govern-
ment, and I mean it. I want the Government
brought back, with all of its guarantees, for loyal
men. 1 want the Union of States restored to its
former grandeur, harmony, and glory.
I intended, when this debate was going on yes-
terday, to have given my views on the resolution
then pending. They corresponded precisely with
the views expressed by the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] on the res-
olution of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Roscok Conkling.] I must say now that I was
somewhat surprised m regard to the vote given
yesterday, if it were a censure upon General Mc-
Clell&n. And I do not see how, or in what \jpy,
that resolution can avoid the construction that it
was indirectly a censure upon the general in com-
mand of the army of the Potomac. If it be de-
signed as a censure of that distinguished com-
mander, then the action of this House was wholly
wrong, because it is an interference with matters
connected with the War- Department and the
Army, with which we have no right to interfere
whatever, especially when there was no cause, in
my opinion, for an expression, by implication at
least, of a want of confidence in the Commander-
in-Chief.
But, sir, I have been led into these discursive
remarks by the questions that have been pro-
pounded to me by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Yallandigham.J I want to come back and say
awoidortwo in regard to Mason and Slidell.
They have been surrendered by the Government.
It has become a Government act, and though it
may not correspond precisely with my views of
what ought to have been don© in that particular
I stand by the Government in doing it, and 1 do
it for the purpose of avoiding, if it be possible, a
conflict with Europe, which we cannot afford to
have upon our hands at this moment. We are
gasping, sir, for life. This great Government is
upon the brink of a volcano which is heaving to
and fro, and we are not certain whether we exist
or not. That is the reason why, in a great public
necessity of this kind—a greatemergency—1 made
use of the expression that there are times when
"discretion is the better part of valor;"and, per-
haps, this was a time, and prudence dictated it,
when these men should have been surrendered,
in this view of this important subject. The Ad-
ministration need anticipate no opposition from
me with regard to this act. Although it may be
an act that t would not have done myself, under
the circumstances, still I am willing to sustain the
action of the Administration sn the surrender of
the rebels—believing the act was done in good
faith, and with a view to the salVty and welfare
of the Government. Acting, therefore, as I con-
ceive, with an honest purpose, I shall not criticise
the measure. A war of the formidable dimen-
sions we have now on hand is enough for one
nation at one time; and let us look to the future to
redress a wrong that we may now have to tempo-
rarily endure.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Chairman, I am not willing
that the debate upon the question relative to the
regularity of the surrender of the prisoners taken
from the Trent should be left where the previous
question left it this morning. It left the country
in the attitude of having submitted to humilia-
tion at the arrogant demand of a foreign Power
—ay, sir, an humble humiliation. Some gen-
tleman put it upon the ground of a humiliation
merely because a demand, insolent and arrogant
in its terms, was made. Another gentleman put
it upon the ground of necessity, that because
we were hard run by our domestic enemies, we
would submit to wrong from a neutral Power.
Sir, I am not willing to have the attitude of the
country left in that position. 1 do not believe that
it is the judgment of this House that that is the
position of the country. I do not believe that it
is the judgment of foreign civilized Christian na-
tions that that is the attitude of this Government.
I venture to say that when this proceeding shall
be scanned by all the other nations of the world,
the only people that will be found to denominate
it a humiliation on the part of this country will be
that self-constituted confederacy known as the
southern confederated States. They have already,
through their journals, in almost the exact lan-
guage in which it has been done here, denomi-
nated it a very humiliating thing on the part of
this Government. They are distressed at the
humiliation to which this country has been sub-
jected. If we are to judge from what their jour-
nals and public men say, it pains them that this
country has humiliated itself to the British lion.
Ah, sir, I know it pains them, but the pain arises
from another cause; they would like to see this
country humiliated; that is the wish of their hearts;
and they would have liked to see another thing;
they would have liked to see the councils of this
nation, instead of being controlled by calm and
deliberate judgment, yielded up to the passions
and feelings of men, and the country plunged
madly into a war with all the Powers of Europe.
That is the hope, the last lingering hope of the
rebel scheme: it is tiiat they may involve us in a
war with other Powers.
Now, sir, I would not submit to humiliation to
escape a war with any Power under heaven, be-
cause I believe that such submission never results
in accomplishing the object for which it is made.
If the British Government wishes a war with this
nation, they can find pretexts enough to have it;
but, sir, we all know this, that when two nations
are engaged in war, and there are neutral Powers
and close commercial relations existing between
the belligerent and neutral Powers, the attitude of
the belligerents towards neutral Powers is a most
delicate and complicated one; and in all such cases
great caution should be exercised, both by the
neutrals and belligerents, to avoid collisions. This,
sir, is the attitude of this Government; it has close
and intimate commercial relations with England
and with France; the ships of England and of
France enter all our ports; they feed their inhab-
itants with bread raised upon our farms, and they
have supplied their factories with cotton raised
upon our plantations; they touch at our ports on
their way to their West India possessions, and
on their return; and common prudence dictates
that the nicest scrutiny should be had, to the end
that we may avoid any cause of offense.
Now, sir, the position that I assume is, that
there has been nothing more than this proper cau-
tion exercised, and that there has been no humil-
iation. Jurists may talk wisely and learnedly, as
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas]
always does when he talks, with regard to ques- j
tions of international and commercial law. Even |
in times of peace there are no questions involving |
so many intricacies as those relating to maritime J
and international law. Those intricacies are ren- i
dered tenfold mora difficult in time of war, and i
authorities can be found settling almost any quos- I
tion in almost any way upon these subjects. But ■
1 venture to say that, with all his research and !
skill, the gentleman from Massachusetts has never
found precisely a parallel case to this.
Let us consider for a moment how this question
arose, and how it was met by the British Govern-
ment and by this Government. In the first place,
let us consider the positions of the two Govern-
ments. The enemies of this Government, who
are seeking its overthrow through their rebellion,
began long since to prepare the way for their suc-
cess. They not only robbed our arsenals and our
Army, but they labored to create prejudice against
us in Europe. They had their emissaries in every
commercial capital in Europe to instill into the
minds of the merchants and manufacturers and
traders there the necessity, in case of a separa-
tion, of their siding with the South, and to show
to them the great advantage of opening the south-
ern ports to free trade with them; and thus the
commercial and trading mind of Europe was pre-
pared, and its sympathies were years ago enlisted
on the side of the South in this struggle that they
have been secretly bringing upon the country.
The seed thus sown had grown, and the commer-
cial mind of England had a strong attachment to
the South and strong expectations from the South.
That state of feeling existing, every circumstance
that was calculated to provoke them against the
North would be seized upon and the most would
be made of it. Well, sir, having considered what
the state of feeling was, let us look what was the
report made by the captain of the Trent on her
arrival in a British *f>ort. That captain reported
to his Government that while he was navigating
his ship from Havana, a neutral port,to his own
country, a shot was fired across his bows by an
American man-of-war; that a second shot was
fired, very nearly hitting his vessel, and then an
officer came on board. And what did that officer
do, as reported? He did not come on board claim-
ing that they were in contraband trade, and asking
that the vessel should go into port to submit to an
admiralty trial—nothing of the kind; but it was
reported that he came on board and took from the
vessel two passengers by force, and made no other
search or inquiry; he wanted the captain of the
mail steamer to go on board his ship, which the
captain declined todo,and thenheleft. Thatwas
the representation before the British Government
at the time the communication was made by Ear]
Russell to our Secretary of State. I say, sir, that
if at the time England was engaged in war with
Russia, the captain of one of our mail steameis
between Havana and New York had reported to
this Government that on his way between those
two ports he had been stopped on the high seas
by a British war vessel, and two of his passen-
gers taken by force, we would have sent to Eng-
land a more insolent demand than came from
England to us in this case—ay, sir, if they were
to do such a thing to-day, if such a report were
to come to us now, I know Yankee pluck and
spirit well enough to know that we should make
quite as arrogant a demand as was made by Eng-
land on this nation.
I say that, under the circumstances of the report
made by the captain of the Trent to the Biuish
Government, the demand is in every way respect-
ful. Why, sir, it expresses the hope that this was
not an act authorized by our Government, and
that the pacific relations between the two coun-
tries may not be disturbed by it, and it instructs
the resident minister here to submit these consid-
erations to our Secretary of State. They are sub-
mitted, and they are replied to with equal dignity,
and not with humiliation. The circumstances
under which the vessel was boarded, and the pris-
oners taken off, are stated, with the corrections
necessary to place the action of our commander
in a fair and justifiable light. That is one of the pro-
prieties of the communication of the Secretary of
State to the British Government; while he assures
the British Government that no insult was intended
to the British nation, he also assures them that
this Government fully justifies the act of the com-
mander of our slnpm conducting the boarding of
the Trent and the taking of the prisoners as he
did. But then, having finished that justification of
our officer, and having disclaimed any intended
insult,, and after informing the British Government
that this whole proceeding was done without any
knowledge or preconcert or direction of this Gov-
ern ment—which is a perfect answer to all ques-
tions^insult that can be raised between the two
countries—after doing that, he then, with great
ability, (and I always knew that when the Sec-
retary of State came to treat tins question he would
treat it with ability,) examined the question of the
legality of the act in the spirit of a keen lawyer,
as well as a far-seem^, liberal-minded statesman;
and no man has yet criticised with a lawyer's criti-
cism that opinion of the Secretary of State. Even
