1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 136) to pro-
vide for the appointment of sutlers in the volun-
teer service, and to define their duties, submitted
the following report:
The committee of eoufercnce on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (S. No.
136) " to provide for the appointment of sutlers in the vol-
unteer service, and to define their dimes," having met,
attei a full and free confeience have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the first,
fourth, filth, sixth, and seventh amendments of the House,
and agiec to the same.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the sec-
ond amendment of the House, and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows: In line twelve or'said amend-
ment, after the word " be," insert as follows:
Provided, That if any paymaster in the service of the
United States shall allow or pay any greatei sum to any sut-
ler than that heieby authorized to be retained ftom the pay
of the officers, non-commissioned officers, musician15, or
privates for articles sold by any sutler durmg any one month,
then the amount so allowed or paid by the paymaster shall
be charged agams t the said paymaster, and deducted from
his pay and returned to the officer, non-commissioned offi-
cer, musician, or private against whom the amount was
originally chaigcd. And any captain or lieutenant com-
manding a company who may certify any pay roll, hearing
a charge in favor of the outlet against any officer, non-com-
missioned officer, musician, or private larger or greater than
one sixth of the monthly pay of such officer, non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, or private, shall be punished at the
disci etion of a court-martial.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the third
amendment of the House, and agree to the same with an
amendment as follows: In line third of said amendment,
sluice out the woid " quarter," and insert in lieu thereof
the woid "sixth."
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the eighth
amendment of the House, and agree to the same with an
amendment as follows: At the. end of the said amendment
add as follows:
And be ineligible to a reappointment as sutler in the ser-
vice of the United States.
he.vry wilson,
J. M. HOWARD,
J. A. WRIGHT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
FRANK P. BLAIR,
edward Mcpherson,
w. a. R!CHAlli)SON,
Managen on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 52) tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Brigadier General Curtis and the officers
and men under his command, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
ASSISTANT TREASURER AT BOSTON.
The bill (H. R. No. 353) to provide for the ap-
pointment of clerks in the office of the Assistant
Treasurer at Boston, to fix their salaries, and pro-
vide for the absence of the Assistant Treasurer,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have that
bill passed. It merely provides for the reorgani-
zation of the office, and makes no additional ap-
propriations.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Assistant Treasurer at
Boston, from and after the 1st of July, 186*2, m
lieu of the clerks heretofore authorized and pro-
vided, to appoint, with the approbation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, one chief cleik,ata salary
of $1,500 per annum; one disbursing clerk, at a
salary of $1,500 per annum; and one other clerk, at
a salary of $1,200 per annum; and one messenger,
at a salary of §700 per annum; and it appropri-
ates a sunt sufficient to pay the compensation of
such clerks foi the current and next fiscal year.
In case of the sickness or unavoidable absence of
the Assistant Treasurer, he may, in his discre-
tion, authorize the chief clerk to act in his place,
and to discharge all the duties required by law of
the Assistant Treasurer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated to the Senate that
the bill made no appropriation. I find that it does.
Let it lie over until Monday morning, and I will
look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to lefin* it to a committee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; let itlie over for
the present.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that it saves $1,200 from the expenses as
they now exist,
Mr. FESSENDEN. We made an appropria-
tion in the appropriation bill for these clerks in
the Assistant Treasurer's office in Boston, and
this bill makes an appropriation also.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
say now how that is; but I learn that it will save
$200 in the expenses of the office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is really no objec-
tion to the bill, except that it makes an appropri-
ation which I thought it did not. Let it lie over
until Monday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be read
a third time to-day if objected to by any Senator,
and it will lie over.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business I will say before the motion is put,
that it is for a single object that is pressed upon
us as of great importance to the public service.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 14, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of committees for reports
of a private character.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the bills and resolutions upon the
Speaker's table be taken up, and referred to the
appropriate committees.
There being no objection, the following bills
and joint resolutions were taken up and disposed
of as indicated below.
COTTON LANDS.
A bill (S. No. 201) to provide for the occupa-
tion and cultivation of the cotton and other lands
m possession of the United States, lying along the
southern coast of the United States, was read a
firs I and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
PAY AND EMOLUMENTS OP ARMY OFFICERS.
A bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay and emol-
uments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes, was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
EXPENSES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
A bill (S. No. 187) to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States, was lead a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
THANKS TO CAPTAIN FOOTE.
Joint resolution (S. No. 64) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote, of
the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command in the western flotilla,
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mt. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put that resolution upon its
passage.
The joint resolution was read, and is as follows:
Be it i esolvetf ly the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statesof Jhnerica in Congress assembled, That
the thanks of t'otigicss and of the Amcuean people aie due,
and aie hereby tendered, to Captain A II. Foote, of the
United States Navy, and to the offieeiv and men of the west-
ern fiotiila undei his command, t<u the great aallanny
exhibited by them m the attacks upon Fort* Hem j and Don-
el&on. lor their efficiency in opening the Tennessee, Cum-
berland, and Mississippi nvers to the puisuits of lawful
commetce, and for their unwawung devotion to the cause
of tiie country m the midst of the greatest difficulties and
dangei <
si.o. 2. *$nd he it further resolved, That the Piesident of
the United States be requested to e.ius>e this resolution to
be communicated to Captain Foote, and through him to the
officer and men undei his command.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Mr. Speaker, the reason
why I desire the passage of this joint resolution
is this: at half pasteleven o'clock lastnight Com- j
modore Foote telegraphed that he would, this j
morning, move his boats to the attack on Island j
No. 10 and New Madrid. He expresses some I
confidence as to his being able to succeed; bathe
does not underrate the dangers which attend "that
expedition. It is possible that it may fail; 1 hope
it may succeed. But probably, at this very hour,
while this resolution is under consideration,; hi?
boats are thundering on the fortifications on Island
No. 10. If he should fall, his heirs will treasure
up with grateful memory the thanks voted to him
in Congress to-day. I hope that the resolution
will pass unanimously.
The joint resolution was read the third time, and
passed unanimously. , . . -
VOTE OF THANKS TO LIEUTENANT WOBBUN.
Joint resolution (S. No. 66) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant J. L. Worden,
of the United States Navy, and the officers and
men undcrhis command in the Monitor. Referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
EDWIN W. JONES.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, a bill
for the relief of Edwin W. Jones; which was read
a first and sccond time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
ordered to be piinted.
PACIFIC RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the special committee on the
Pacific railroad a bill (H. R. No. 323) to aid in
constructing a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes, and asked
that it be made a special order for Tuesday week,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Has not the bill been already
ordered to be printed?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes; but it has been
changed since.
It was so ordered.
PRINTING FOR PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. BAKER, from the Committee on Patents,
reported the followingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be In-
structed to inquire into the piopriety and expediency of ap-
propriating the sum of $50,000 for the purpose of reimburs-
ing the Patent Office fund for moneys heretofore expended
for printing, in pursuance of section fourteen of the act en-
titled an act to promote the progress ot the useful arts, ap-
proved March 6,1831.
PURCHASE OF COIN.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means the Senate amendments to the House bill
to authorize the purchase of coin, and asked that
the amendments be considered at this time.
There being no objection, the amendments were
reported as follows:
First amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the woids " bearing interest," and insertin lieu
thereof" ot the United Statesso that it will read," bonds
or notes of the United States."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add the following section to the bill:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the limitation
upon temporary deposits of United States notes with any
A^sivtant Tieasuiois or designated depositaries authorized
bv the Secietavv of the Tieasury to receive such deposits at
ft ve per cent, interest to @25,000,000, shall be so far modified
ny to authorize the Secietary of the Treasuiy to receive
buch deposits to the amount not exceeding $50,000,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Atter the word " dollars,'1 at the end of the section, in-
sert :
And that the rates of interest shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, not exceeding the annual rate
of five per cent.
^ The amendment to the amendment was agreed
| to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
i curred in.
i Third amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
•And be it furthei enacted, Thatin all cases where the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized by law to reissue notes,
he may replace such as ai e so mutilated or otherwise injured
as to be unfit for use, with otheisof the same charactei and
amount, and such mutilated notes and all others which by
