1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
57. For the ^ate of escheat lands and confiscated property
therein mentioned. October, 1780. ^
58. Forthehenefii of the children of Major AndicwLcitcli.
June 15. 1782.
59. To vest certain powers iu the Governor and council.
November, 1765
60- To empower the Governor and council to compound
with the discoverers of Urilish property, and for other
purposes.
61. Virginia—For sequestering British property, enabling
those indebted to Bntiili subjects to pay off such
debts. October, 1777.
62. Concerning escheats and forfeitures. May, 1770.
63,64. To ainendtheactconceiningescheats. May, 1779;
also, October, J77J).
65. To adjust and regulate pay and account of officers of
Virginia line. November, 17tfl.
66. For providing more effectual funds for redemption of
ceitihcates. May, 178-2.
67. For lemoval of *cat ot Government. May, 1783,
68. Prohibiting the mutation of ceita'tn peu>on  into Vir-
ginia. October, 1783.
69. To explain acts ot citizenship, &c. October, 1786.
70. North Carolina— For confiscating the propertv ot all
such pcisons as aie inimical to the United .States.
November, 1777.
71. To carry into effect the last mentioned act. Januaiy,
1779.
72. To secure and quiet in their possessions all such as
have, or may purchase, lands, good*?, See., sold, or
hereafter to be&old, by the commissioners of foi feited
estates. Deccinbci 29, 1785.
73. Directing the sale of confiscated property. October,
1781.
74. To dcscnbc and ascertain such persons as owed alle-
giance to the State, and to impose certain disqualifi-
cations on persons therein named. October, 1784.
75. To amend the last named act. November, 1785.
76. Act of pardon and oblivion. April, 1738.
77. Sout/i Carolina—For disposing of certain estates, and
banishing certain persons theiein named. Febtuaiy
26, 1782.
78. To amend the last named act. March 16, 1783.
79. To endow a public school with land. August 15,1783.
80. To amend and explain the confiscation act. Maich26,
1784.
81. To amend the confiscation act, and for other purposes
therein named. March 27, 1786.
89. Restoring to certain persons their estates, and permit-
ting them to leturn. Maich 26, 1764.
83. Georgia—Confiscating the estates of such poisons as
are therein declared guilty of treason. May 4, 1782.
84. To point out the mode lor the recovery of propeuy un-
lawfully acquired under the British usurpation, and
withheld from the rightful ovvneis. Februarv 17,
1783.
85. Releasing certain persons from their bargains, See. July
29, 1783.
86. For ascertaining the rights of aliens. Febiuary 7,1785.
87. To authorize the auditor to liquidate the demands of
such persons as have claims against the confiscated
estates. Februaiy22, 1785.
88. To compel the settlement of public accounts, for in-
flicting penalties, and for vesting the auditor with
ceitain powers. Febiuary 10, 1787.
Such is the array which illustrates the terrible
earnestness of those times. In their struggle for
national independence, our fathers (lid noT hesi-
tate to employ all the acknowledged rights of war;
nor did they higgle over questions of form with
regard to enemies in arms against them. To this
extent, at least, we may be instructed by their ex-
ample, even if we discard their precedents.
In the negotiations for the acknowledgment of
our national independence these acts were much
considered. It does not appear, however, that
their legality was drawn in question, although,
as will be seen, they exercised the double rights
of sovereignty and of war. The British commis-
sioner, Mr. Oswald, expresses himself, under date
of November 4, 1782, as follows:
" You may remember that from the very first beginning
of our negotiation, 1 insisted that you should positively stip-
ulate for the restoration of the property of all those pei-sons
under the denomination of the Loyalist^ or refugees, who
have taken part with Great Biitam in the pie&ent war; or,
if the propei ty had been resold and pa^ed into Mich a va-
liety of hands as to render the le^toraiion impiacticablc,
you should stipulate for a compensation or indemnification
to these persons adequate to their Josses."—Foreign State
Papers, vol. 1, p. 219.
The American commissioners, John Adams,
Benjamin Franklin, and John Jay, declared in
their reply, that the restoration of such of the
estates of the refugees as have been confiscated is
impracticable, becausc they were confiscated by
the laws of particular States, and, m many in-
stances, have passed by legal titles, through sev-
eral hands." As to the demand of compensation
to these persons the commissioners said: " We
forbear enumerating our reasons for thinking it
ill-founded." In the course of the conference,
and by way of reply or set-off, gross instances
were adduced of outrages by the British troops
in " carrying off goods from Boston, Philadelphia,
and the Carolinas, Georgia, Virginia, and the
burning of towns." Franklin mentioned "the
case of Philadelphia, and the carrying off effects
there, even his own library." Laurens added
" the plunders in Carolina of negroes, plate,&c."
In a letter from Franklin to the British commis-
sioner, under date of November 26,1782, the pre-
tension in behalf of the loyalists was finally re-
pelled in the plainest words:
" You may remember that, in the beginning of our con-
ferences, before the othei comraissioneis anived, on your
mentioning to me a restitution to the loyalists whose estates
had been loifeitcd," *■*•<:* "I gave it,as
my opmion and advice, honestly and cordially, that if ate-
concihation was intended, no mention should bo made, in
our negotiations, of these people; for they have done infinite
mischief to our propei ties by wantonly burning and destroy-
ing our farm-houses, villages, and towns, if compensation
forJ^ieir losses were insisted on, we should certainly exhibit
agauM it an account of all the ravages they had commit-
ted, which would necessarily recall to view*scenes of bar-
barity that must inflame, instead of conciliating, and tend to
peipetuate an enmity that we all piof'ess a desire of extin-
guishing." * * * * u You ministers require
that we should receive again into our bosom those who have
been our bitterest enemies, and restore their properties who
have destioyed ours; and this while the wounds they have
given us are still bleeding. It is many y ears since your nation
expelled theStuaits and their adherents, and confiscated
tiuir estates. Much of your lesentment against them may
by this tune be abated, yet, if we should piopose it, anil
insist on it as an aiticle of our tieaty with vou, that the
family should be recalled and the foifeited estates of its
friends restored, would you tlunk us seuous in our profes-
sions of earnestly desiung peace? 1 must repeat my opin-
ion that it is be-t for you to diop all mention of the lefu-
ZPP^—Ibid., 221.
But on this occasion there was a compromise.
Instead of positive stipulations in behalf of the
loyalists, it was agreed in the treaty (article five)
" that the Congress shall earnestly recommend it to
the Legislatures of the respective States to provide
for the restitution of all estates, rights, and proper-
ties belonging to real British subjects, and also of
the estates, rights, and properties of persons resi-
dent in districts in the possession of his Majesty's
arms and who have not borne arms against the Uni-
ted States." Thus it will be observed that while
in every other article of the treaty it was agreed
that certain things shall be done, here it was only
agreed to recommend that they shall be done; and
even the recommendation of restitution was con-
fined to what are called ^ real British subjects,"
and others " who have not borne arms against the
United States," thus seeming to recognize the
liability of those who did not come within these
two exceptions.
Aftei the adoption of our Constitution this ar-
ticle came under discussion between the Govern-
ment of the United States and that of Great Brit-
ain, when Mr. Jeffeison, in the most elaborate
diplomatic paper of his life, ably vindicated the
conduct of our Government. It was on this occa-
sion that he quoted the words of Bynkershoek,
that "it is reasonable that everything of an en-
emy's found among his enemies should change
its owner, and go to the treasury; even immov-
able property, as is the custom with movable
propeity." And in the course of his argument
he distinctly asserts u that an act of the Legisla-
ture confiscating lands stands in place of an office
found in ordinary cases; and that, on the passage
of the act, as on the finding of the office, the State
stands ipso facto possessed of the lands without a
formal entry. The confiscation then is complete
by the passage of the act; both the title and pos-
session being diverted out of the former propri-
etor and vested in the State." (Ibid., 205.) This
is strong language. But not only in our diplo-
macy, but also in our courts, was the validity of
these acts upheld. Mr. Jefferson was sustained
by the Supreme Coui t of the United States in an
early case on the confiscation of British debts by
Virginia, (Ware vs. Hylton, 3 Dallas Reports,
222,) where it was declared that '' a State may
make what lules H pleases, and those rules must
necessarily have place within itself," (page 2^2;)
" that the right to confiscate the propel ty of ene-
mies duiing war is deiived fiom the state of war,
and is called the right of war," (p^gc 227;) and
" that the right acquired by war depends on the
power of seizing the enemy's effects," (page 2G6.)
The latter remark has a subtle significance. Hut
the whole case was stated at the bar by John Mar-
shall, afterwards our eminent Chief Justice, in
words applicable to our own times:
c* It has been conceded that independent nations have,
iu general, the right of confiscation ; and that Virginia, at
the time of passim: her law, was an independent nation.
Bur it is contended, that, fiom the peculiar cucum-taiices
of the wat, the citizens of each of the contending nations,
having been members of the same Government, the geneial
nght of confiscation did not apply and ought not to be ex-
ercised. It is not, however, nece^aiy to show a parallel
case in history, since it is incumbent ori those who wish
to impair the sovereignty of Virginia, to establish on prin-
ciple or precedent the justicc of their exception. Thai,
State being engaged in a war necessarily possessed the powers
of war, and. confiscation is one of those powers ; weakening
the party against whom it is employed, and strengthening tfie
parlythat employs it."—Ware vs, Hylton, 3 Dallas**Rep.,
210.
In closing what I have to say of the confiscation
bills of the Revolution, I cannot disguise that they
have been thought severe in some respects beyond
the acknowledged exigencies of the times; but
admitting their severity, they testify none the less
to those rights of war in which they had their
origin.
Such, sir, are the examples of history, so far as
I can gather them, to guide us on the present oc-
casion. The embarrassment of Hercules is con-
stantly repeated. There are paths to avoid as well
as paths to take; and it will be for you to determ-
ine, under the lights of the past, how your course
shall be directed.
But there are considerations of policy, and I re-
joice to believe of justice also, which furnish an
illumination such as cannot be found in any other
instances of history. If we go astray it must be
from blindness.
In determining what powers to exercise, you
will be guided to a certain extent by the object
which you seek toaccompiish. Do you seek really
to put down the rebellion and to tread itoutforever,
or do you seek only the passage of a penal stat-
ute r Do you seek a new and decisive weapon in
the war which our country is compelled to wage,
or do you seek nothing more than to punish a few
rebels ? Or, if the object you seek is simply pun-
ishment, do you wish it to be sure and effective,
or only in name? Are you in earnest to strike
this rebellion with ail the force sanctioned by the
rights of war, or do you refuse to use anything
beyond the peaceful process of municipal law? I
put these questions sincerely and kindly. You
will answer them by your votes. If you are not
in earnest against this rebellion now arrayed in
war, if you are content to seem to act without act-
ing, to seem to strike without striking, in short, to
stem rather than to be, you will pass a new penal
statute, and nothing more.
It is clear that such a statute will be of perfect
inefficiency. It will not produce even a moderate
intimidation; not so much as a Quaker gun. With
the provision in our Constitution applicable to jury
trials in criminal cases, it is obvious that through-
out the whole rebel country there can bo no con-
viction under such statute. Proceedings would
fail through the disagreement of the jury, while
the efforts of counsel would make every case an
occasion of irritation. People talk flippantly of
the gallows as the certain doom of the rebels. This
is a mistake. For weal or woe, the g-allows is out
of the question. It is not a possibility as a pun-
ishment for this rebellion. Nor would any con-
siderable forfeiture or confiscation be sanctioned
by a jury in the rebel country. I think that in
this judgment I do not err. But if this be so, surely
we ought to take all proper steps to avoid such
failure of justice. Let Senators see things as they
are; letus not deceive ourselves or deceive others.
A new statute against treason will be simply a few
more illusive pages on the statute-book, and that
is all.
I cannot doubt that Senators are in earnest,
that they mean what they say, and that they in-
tend to do all in their power, by all proper legis-
lation, to carry the war to a final close. But if
this be their purpose, they will not hesitate to
employ all the acknowledged lights of war cal-
culated to promote this end. Two transcendent
powers have already been exercised without a
murmur: first, to raise armies, and secondly, to
raise money. These, were essentud to the end.
But there is another power without which, 1 fear,
the end will escape us. It is that of confiscation
and liberation, and this power is just as con-
stitutional as the other two. The occasion for
its exercise is found in the same terrible neces-
sity. An aimy is not a posse comitatus; nor is it,
when m actual war, face to face with the enemy,
amenable to the ordinary provisions of the Consti-
tution. It takes life without a jury trial or any
other process of law, and, we have already seen, it
is by vii tue of the same right of war that the piop-
erty of enemies may be taken and freedom be
given to their slaves. Of course on the cxercise of
these rights there can be no check or limitation in
the Constitution. Any such check or limitation
