1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
• SIS'
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] I
think, when he comes to read it will find that he
has failed in his able argument to answer the ob-
jections in the mind of the Secretary of State to
the legality of that seizure.
Now, sir, it is not strange that the gentleman
from Massachusetts, and othergentlemen,should
differ with the Secretary of Slate. It is not at all
strange that lawyers should differ. Wedifferupon
legal questions a great deal less difficult than this.
But, sir, I propose for a moment to investigate
the soundness, and to show the reasonableness,
of the principle laid down by the Secretary of
State in his objections to the legality and validity
of the seizure. Remember that he takes issue
with the French minister—an enlightened states-
man—upon some of the questions of international
law. He takes issue with Earl Russell upon some
questions. He insists, and I think with great
force and clearness shows, that it is the right of
belligerents—just as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts contends—not only to seize dispatches as
contraband of war, but also to seize the vehicle
that bears the dispatches as contraband of war.
The Secretary and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts thus far are agreed. They are agreed, [
may say, upon every question but two—the ques-
tion of necessity and the question of legality.
Now, sir, upon the question of legality, under
well-established rules of international law, upon
the seizure of a vessel bearing contraband, it is
Eiot left to the officer making the seizure at his
arbitrary will to determine what he will regard
as contraband and what he will carry away as a
prize; but it is his duty to take the vessel into
port, where she can be tried by the laws of ad-
miralty. But, says the gentleman, the complaint
in this case is that our officer did not do enough—
that he did not inflict injury enough. By no
means, sir. If a vessel thus seized is carried into
port, and the judgment of the court of admiralty
is that she was not engaged in contraband trade,
the court orders that remuneration shall be made
for the detention of the vessel. That cannot be
done if it is left to every naval officer to determine
when a vessel shall be taken and when itshall not.
Let us look at what the adoption of such a rule
of maritime law would lead to. There is now a con-
stant trade carried on across the Channel between
France and England, two friendly Powers. Sup-
pose our cruisers should be stationed in the Brit-
ish Channel and fire guns across the bows of every
ship crossing the Channel, and bring her to and
board her, and without any admiralty examina-
tion take from her whatever they pleased, upon
the mere responsibility of the officers in command,
could England or Prance, or any other nation,
submit to such a rule of maritime law? I hold,
sir, that they never could, that they never will,
and that they never ought to. I insist that the
rule contended for by the Secretary of State is not
only sustained by precedent, but that it is the rule
that ought to prevail. I insist that the establish-
ment of the opposite rule would be most danger-
ous, and that it would embarrass trade to such an
extent that it would beequivalentto a suspension
of commercial relations between friendly Powers
in the neighborhood of belligerents. I say, then,
that so far from the Secretary of State having
submitted to any necessity, so far from his hav-
ing resorted to any subterfuge, to any pretended
construction of maritime and international law
for the purpose of escaping from the consequences
of this act, he has only adhered to a sound, whole-
some rule—a rule for which this country has al-
ways contended. No rule has been moie stienu-
ously insisted on in the world than this tule has
been bv this Government; and if we have done
anything that is not sanctioned by the law of na-
tions, so far from our being humiliated by repair-
ing the wrong, the country rises in glory before
the world as she renders justice against the excited
passions of her people. Sir, the ruler, in a rep-
resentative Government, who can withstand the
pressure of popular passion, who, when a people
are convulsed by the excitement of momentary
passion, and when judgment has given place to
feeling, can calmly view a question and decide it
dispassionately and impartially, and in such a
manner as shall meet the commendation of an
enlightened world,deserveshigherpraise,ten thou-
sand tunes higher, than he who, when the people
are all right, merely floats along on the popular
current.
Sir, I know the comments that may be made
upon a remark like this. I know it may be said
in reply that it is not democratic. I have always
regarded myself as about as democratic.as most
of my neighbors; but I have seen, and who has
not seen, the public, when excitement and passion
rule the hour, committing excesses which on
sober second thought they deeply regretted. I do
not assail the populace or popular government,
but I say that when the popular mind is inflamed
by excitement, we should always wait. It is
dangerous for this House to act under popular ex-
citement, and I think that one of the great dangers
of the hour is that this legislative body, that our
generals in the field, that the Presidentin his posi-
tion, and that all the officers .of the Government
may yield to the excited and impatient passions
of the people, and forget their duty to be guided
by reason and judgment.
Now, sir, we have escaped—and I venture to
say the judgment of the world will justify and
honor the ground upon which we have escaped*—a
collision with one of the great Powers of Europe;
a collision which, if it had taken place, would
probably have involved the other Powers of Eu-
rope, and have led to consequences that no man
can foresee. I congratulate the country that we
have escaped it. I feel none of the humiliation
that attaches to others, and years hence nobody
will feel that any humiliation attaches to this act;
years hence we may cite this precedent when upon
some occasion a foreign vessel shall board one of
our ships, and take from it some men who are
sailing under its flag; we shall then have this ex-
ample to point to in support of the rule for which
we have long contended.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have said what I de-
sired to say upon this subject. It is one of im-
portance. It would indeed be a misfortune to this
country to have it admitted in her legislative coun-
cils that she had submitted to base humiliation oh
the arrogant demand of a foreign Power. That
would be an equally humiliating attitude which
other gentleman have taken, that she had submit-
ted to a positive wrongupon an arrogant demand,
under protest, and with a declaration that she will
hcreafier wipe it out. Suppose our Secretary of
State had said our officer was right; the Govern-
ment is right; these are traitors that we are bound
by the laws of nations and the civil law of our own
country to hang, and it is wrong for us to give
them up; but because you are more powerful than
we are just now; because we are hard pressed by
a rebellion in our midst, weare going to give them
up, and flog you afterwards! How do you think
such a communication from our Secretary of State
would have been received by the British Govern-
ment? As an apology? As a satisfaction ? Asa
disclaimer of the act? Could they with any credit
to themselves have escaped from war then? It
would be saying to thorn, we cannot whip you
now, but we are going to do it as soon as we can;
and that would have been satisfactory in the opin-
ion of some gentlemen ! Maik you, it is not Sli-
dell and Mason that the English people care any-
thing about. They are as insignificant as the rest
of the "Yankees" are in the eyes of the British
Government. It is not that that they care about;
but, sir, it is the flagunder which British tars have
won such glory for their country; it is that flag
which has borne the commerce of the world to
every shore; itis that flag which has extorted re-
spect from every quarter of the globe; they love
it; they honor it; they are tender of its glory as
we are" of that of the stars and stripes. The Brit-
ish flag is as dear to the British tar as the stars
und stiipes are to the American tar; and he will
shed his blood as freely, and fight in its defense
as gallantly, as any other people in the world. It
is no! Slidell and Mason they care about; itisthat.
I do not care a fig for Slidell and Mason* I think
they are as insignificant as any men can be, and
that their insignificance is becoming daily more
apparent. It is not them I care about, but it is
the American flag, the honor of the country; for
when a country lays down its honor, it lays down
all that is woith preserving. Sooner than humble
this nation in national degradation and disgrace,
I will let it shiver into fragments. There is no sal-
vation for a nation at the expense of its hopor. I
remember—and weal! do who sometimes visit the
play—the story of a prisoner who was offered his
life upon the condition of the dishonor ofhis wife,
and while the wife was devoted to that husband,
and bound to, him byrthe strongest human spas-
sions, she scorned to savehislifeby the sacrifice
of her honor. No, sir; let us save this coimtry
honorably if we can. Let us .save it by manly
struggles on the battle-field against .the hosts of
rebel conspirators. Let us bring up thescannon
and the musket and all the elements of strife; and
let us put down this rebellion in honor; but d®
what we will, let us never consent te any sacrifice
of that honor. ,
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I voteii in
common with the whole House for, the thanks to
Captain Wilkes. I know that since then the four
persons he Saptured have been surrendered, yetil
do not regret that vote. It was well cast, and'I do
not mean (o say that the surrender was not well
made. Captain Wilkes was an experienced officet
of our Navy—a service deeply disgraced by a want
of devotion to their country on the part of many
of its officers. He saw what he believed to be Ins
duty, and he paused not to consider whether it
involved personal consequences, but as he under-
stood it, performed that duty; he performed it in
a manner creditable alike to his head and his heart?
firmly, thoroughly, but in a mannei- marked by
humanity and consideration for the feelings-and
interests of innocent passengers on board the
Trent and the necessities of an age of steam nav-
igation. Congress, withoutqualincation,indorsed
that act. Not so with the Administration. While
the Secretary of the Navy approved the act, he
admonished the actpr that it must not be consid-
ered a precedent for the surrender of another ves-
sel under like circumstances. The Administration
saw that Captain Wilkes's act of huinanity might
be taken advantage of by such a Power as Eng-
land, and it marked at once its discriminating ap-
preciation of the conduct of its officer and of the
nation with which it has to do, by the just qual-
ification of its approval. As a member of the
American Congress I do, from the bottom of my
heart, thank Captain Wilkes for his gallant and
humane conduct.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. VaiA-andig-
ham] seems to be eagei4for a war with England.
Sir, war is as dire a calamity as can befall a peo-
ple. It is the most expensive game at which
kings can play, the most destructive pursuit in
which a people can engage. The figure of a candle
lighted at both ends affordsbutan imperfect illus-
tration of the wastefulness of war. What is its
object? The exhibition and skillful exercise of
overwhelming power. What its rfteans? The
ultimate use of the latest-and highest inventions
of man for the destruction of property and life.
It takes from the belligerent community its pro-
ductive power, its energy, its enterprise. It ap-
peals to the men of the country from eighteen to
forty-five to quit their peaceful pursuits, to aban-
don the hopes of life and civic duties, and engage
in the work of destruction. Having withdrawn
the vital power from the community, it taxes its
accumulated wealth to feed, clotlie, arm, and
transport those who in peace were the source of
its increasing wealth and prosperity. We have a
war on hand. We have, says one gentleman,
halfamillion,another, six hundred thousand men
in the field. We begin to know something of
what war means—not much near our distant
homes—here and there a new-made-grave in the
churchyard, here and there a vacant seat at the
hearth-side, and anxious hearts in every home;
but as yet few of the direst evidences of the ex-
istence of a state of war. We see it in thedeserted
mansions of the great city. We note it in the
silence prevailing where we were wont to hear the
ring of the anvil, and the hum of the spindle.
We find it m ourcommercial,ourmanufacturing,
our business relations. But as yet we have felt it
in its last terrible results but slightly.
I do not wish to see a war with England. Nor
do I feel humiliated by the settlementof theTrent
difficulty. I see that—in an hour when our pride
was sorely touched,'when the act seemed to be
one of humiliation—we were able to maintain the
position for which our country has contended for
more than half a century, and for the mainte-
nance of which it had once involved itself in war.
The Trent case is settled on a doctrine which has
always been the doctrine of the American people.
I cannotsympathize with those whosay: "Settje
our domestic difficulties, and then turn on Eng-
land for the insult and outrage sbe put upon us.
Sir, let us settle our domesticdiffieulties. Ijetus
