3156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
by which the bill was, passed; and also moved to
lay the Motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF HIE CLB K OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be and he is lierehy
ordered to pay to ihe clerk of the Committee on Territories
the usual }>fv diem allowance for services during the pres-
ent Congress.
There was no objection,and the resolution was
received.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to make a very brief
statement. The Committee on Territories have
always had a clerk. At the commencement of the
session I was called home, andduring my absence
a resolution, authorizing the employmentofclerks
by committees, was offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washborne.} The gentleman had
promised me that he would include in his resolu-
tion all the committees heretofore authorized to
employ clerks, but forgot to do so. The Com-
mittee on Territories employed a clerk, and he
has never been able to get any pay in consequence
of that omission. I ask the picvious question on
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY TO CHAPLAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sentof the House to offer the following resolution:
iicsoliied, That there be paid to Itev, Thomas II. Stock-
ton, out ol' tho contingent fund of this House, an additional
eonipensatmn of $\3(Wl for ins services as Chaplain to this
House.
Mr. F. A. C0NKL1NG. I object to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, in order that the resolution may be
received and adopted.
Mr. CALVERT. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. May I ask what the com-
pensation of the Chaplain is now ?
Mr. GINGHAM. Only $750 a year, and he is
taken away from his charge.
Mr. ENGLISH. As a new member, I would
like to ask tliegemlemnn from Ohio if there is any
precedent for this.
Mr. BINGHAM. There are many precedents
in thehistoiy of tho Congress of tho United States.
Mr. DAWES. Precedents of what kind
Mr. BINGIIAM. For making additional com-
pensation [o Chaplains.
Mr. DAWES. In such times as these ?
Mr. BINGIIAM. It is a very trifling sum.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 18; as follows:
YEA8-~Mflasrs. Aidrlch, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
uutii, Bingham, rfaimi -l 8. lllalr, William G. Brown, Baf-
finton, Campbell, C'humliorlln, Oovode, Criafieid, Critten-
den, Cutler, Diven, Uuell, Eliot, Pessenden, Fonko,
Oooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Orlder, llaiglit, llale, Julian,
Kelley, William KellORg, Keirljjun, J.eai-y, Mrnzies Mour-
ton, Wiulihume, Webster, Wheeler, Albert H. White, and
Windom—53.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
English, Gurlcy, llancbelt, Law, Lascar, Loonils, Mi,
Knight, Mallory, May, Mnynard, Justin S. Morrill, Nugen,
Porter, Richardson, llolnubon, Edward II. Rollins, James
ltolliiis, Klmnka, Sheffield, Shcllatairger, Sliiel, William
G Steele, Sules., Benjamin P. Thomas, Trimble, Wielc-
iiflo. Wilson, and Woieehter—48.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the-
rules were not suspended.
liKVENUE CUTTElt SKRVICE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill in relation to commissioned offi-
cers in the United States revenue cutter service;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
SALVAGE.
Mr. ELIOTasked and obtained unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 349, in addition to " An act providing
for salvage in cases of recapture, "approved March
3, 1800.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
INDIAN BONDS.
Mr. EDWARDS asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have the Committee on Indian
Affairs discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 554) relating to trust funds
of several Indian tribes invested by the Govern-
ment in certain State bonds, abstracted from the
custody of the late Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be entered upon the
proper books of his Department the followingcred-
lts to the Indian tribes herein named, namely: to
the Delawares the sum of $423,990 26; to the
Iowas the sum of $66,735; and to the confederate
bands of Kaskaskias, Peorias, Piankeshaws, and
Wcas, the sum off169,686 75; which said amounts
are for and in place of the same amounts hereto-
fore invested by the Government, under treaty
stipulations with said tribes, in the bonds of the
States of Missouri, Tennessee, and North Caro-
hiiagjV'hich were stolen while in the custody of
Jacoff Thompson, late Secretary of the Interior,
■in whose Department they had been deposited for
safe keeping.
The second section enacts that such entries shall
beand remain evidence that the United States holds
the said several sums named in trust for said tribes,
respectively, and the Treasurer of the United
States is authorized and directed to pay to said
tribes, respectively, on requisitions by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, interest on the sums credited
as aforesaid, at the rate of five per cent, per an-
num, in semi-annual payments, on the 1st days
of January and July in each year, the first of said
payments to be on the 1st day of January, 1863.
The third section terminates all interest which
said tribes may have had in said bonds, as afore-
said, and vests the same in the United States; and
any recovery or reclamation of the same, or any
part thereof, shall be for the use and benefit of the
United States.
Tho fourth section appropriates $50,066 64 for
the payment of interest to the tribes aforesaid on
the sums invested in tho bonds aforesaid from the
date of the last payment of interest on said bonds
to the 1st day of July, 1862, to wit: the sum of
$32,307 91 to the Delawares, $5,032 23 to the
Iowas, and $12,726 50 to the confederate bands
ofKaskaskias, Peorias,Piankeshaws,and Weas.
The fifth section provides that this net shall take
effect and be in force only in relation to such of
the tribes aforesaid as shall file with the Secretary
of the Inteiior their assent, in writing, to so much
thereofiis relates to them respectively.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a brief statement in explanation of this bill.
It is well known to the House that bonds of the
States of Missouri, North Carolina, and Tennes-
see, to the amount of $870,000, were abstracte_d
from the Interior Department of this Government
under the last Administration.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the gentleman begins
his statement, will he allow me to" ask him whether
his bill provides for crediting these Indian triljes
with the nominal value of these bonds, or with
their actual value in the market at the time they
were stolen ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I will answer the gentle-
man's inquiry. It does not propose to credit them
witheither. Thenommal value ofthese bonds that
were abstracted was $870,000,as I have stated. The
amount actually invested in them by the Govern-
ment for the benefit of the Indian tribes, for whom '
this bill provides, was $660,421. This amount,
with other amounts not so invested, was stipulated
to be paid by the Government by treaties for certain
cessions of territory of these Indians; but it was
deemed for the interest of the Indians themselves,
and was in accordance with the settled policy of
the Government, that it should not be paid to the
Indians, but invested by the Government, and its
annual proceeds only paid to them. The stipu-
lations in the treaties with each ofthc tribes were,
" that all money not necessary for the reasonable
wants of the Indians should, from time to lime, be
invested by the President of the United States in
safe and profitable stocks, the principal to remain
unimpaired,and the interestto beappliedannually
for the civilization, education, and.other purposes
of the Indians." The Indians had fio option in
regard to the matter. The United States made its
terms, and chose to withhold the money as guard-
ians of the Indians. The investment was made in
these particular bonds without consultation with
the Indians and without their assent, and the bonds
have been stolen. The Committees on Indian Af-
fairs of the two Houses conferred on this subject,
and heard the representatives of the Indian tribes.
It was firsta question with the committee whether
the Indians should be allowed the market value
of the bonds at the time they were abstracted,
or whether they should be allowed simply the
amount originally invested, which was less than
the market value at that time. The committee
came to the conclusion that the Government was
only bound to make and keejjgood the investment,
and it is this amount which thd bill proposes to
have carried to the credit of these Indians, and to
remain at an annual interest of five per cent.
It was thought better, Mr. Speaker, by the com-
mittee that this sum should be credited to them on
the books of the Treasury rather than be again in-
vested in any stocks or securities, subject to be ab-
stracted as opportunities might offer, and it is now
placed by the bill beyond any such contingency.
There is also a provision made for the payment of
interest at five per cent, on the amount invested
sine? the last payment of coupons on these bonds.
This arrear of interest amounts to about fifty thou-
sand dollars.
There is a great necessity, Mr. Speaker, for the
immediate passage of this bill, so that the Indians
may receive this sum; for it is represented and was
made perfectly apparent to the two committees,
that these Indian tribes are suffering greatly from
the withholding of their annuities, they having no
other means to meet their necessary expenses.
The bill contains a further provision that all in-
terest of the Indians in the bonds abstracted shall
cease, and that the same shall be vested in the
United States, and that any recovery of the same
shall be for the benefit of the United States.
There is but one other provision, Mr. Speaker,
on winch I propose to remark. The bill contains
a section that the benefits of the bill shall only ap-
ply to such of the tribes as assent to its provisions.
It was questionable whether there was an absolute
necessity for this, but still it was thought better to
incorporate it, so that there should be no contro-
versy or annoyance in regard to this adjustment
of the loss hereafter. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs said that it was entirely convenient to pro-
cure their assent at this time, as the bill wasjust
and equitable and would relieve the Indians from
the uncertainty and doubt now existing as to
whether the Government would have the magna-
nimity to assume this loss, or would attempt to
throw on these poor and ignorant people the con-
sequences of the act of the Government's and of
its own faithless agents. It is certainly to be re-
gretted if there is anything in the past history of
the transactions of the Government with this
ignorant and powerless race to render such an al-
ternative supposable or possible.
These are all the provisions of the bill. It relates
only to the bonds abstracted, although a question
may hereafter arise in regard to the investments in
other bonds which are greatly depreciated, and on
which interest has ceased to" be paid. However
this may be, there can be no question, upon any
fair interpretation of the existing treaties,as to the
responsibility of the Government for the bonds ab-
stracted while in its custody. I hope, therefore,
that the bill will be passed without objection, and
with entire unanimity.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, the principle on
which this bill is framed involves the Government
in liabilities to a very great extent. In my judg-
ment, there is a question of law involved in this
bill which the House would do well to consider.
I do not think that any serious injury would re-
sult if this measure were delayed for a short period.
I am very certain that if this bill be passed, it will
be referred to as a precedent showing the obliga-
tion of this Government to indemnify every indi-
vidual who happened to hold these bonds for their
losses in consequence of this fraudulent transfer
by officers of the Government. In my judgment,
the consideration of this bill had better be post-
poned until the principle shall be settled as to how
far the Government should assume to pay these
bonds.
