2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
would be irrational. Warcannot be conducted hi
vinculis. In seeking to fasten upon it the restraints
of the Constitution you repeat the ancient tyranny
which compelled its victims to fight in chains.
Chorions as it is that the citizen is surrounded by
the safeguards of the Constitution, yet this rule
is superseded by war, which brings into being
other rights which know no master. An Italian
publicist has said that there is no right which
does not, in some measure, impinge upon some
other right. But this is not conect. Rights,
when properly understood, harmonize with each
other. The rights of war can never impinge upon
any rights under the Constitution, nor can any
rights under the Constitution impinge upon the
rights of war.
Assuming, then, what has been so amply de-
monstrated, that therightsof war are ours without
abridgment, and assuming also that you will not
allow our present cause, which has enlisted such
mighty energies, to be thwarted through any fail-
ure on your part, I ask you to exercise these rights
in such a way as to assure promptly and surely
that permanent peace in which all that we desire
is contained. But to this end it will not be enough
to triumph over the rebellion; it must be so com-
pletely crushed that it cannot again break forth,
white its authors are not allowed to escape pun-
ishment; all of which may be accomplished only
by such a bill as I have proposed. The reasons
of policy, if not of duty, are controlling.
But while all desire to see the rebellion com-
pletely crushed, there may be a difference with
regard to the rights of war which shall be exer-
cised. Some may be for a few, others may be for
all. Some may reject the example* of the past,
others may insist upon following them. It is for
you to choose; but in making your election, you
will not forget the object in view. At another
point I have leaned on the authority of Grotius.
In turning now to Vattel, a writer of masculine
understanding, who has done so much to popu-
larize the law of nations, I am influenced by the
cousideiation that, less austere than otheis, he
seeins always inspired by the free air of his na-
tive Switzerland, and filled with the desiie of
doing good, so that what he sanctions cannot be
regarded as illiberal or harsh. In grouping* the
details which may enter into the object proposed,
this benevolent master teaches that we may seek
these things, (Vattel, book 3, cap. 9:)
1. Possession of what belongs to us.
2. Expenses and charges of the war, with rep-
araiton of damages.
3. Reduction of the enemy, so that he shall be
incapable of unjust, violence.
4. Punishment of the enemy.
Ami in order to arrive at these results, the rights
of war are ours, to be employed in our discre-
tion. Nor is it to be forgotten that these lights
are without any of those limitations which mod-
ern times have adopted with regard to tiie private
property of enemies in an international war, and
th.it,on reason and principle, winch are the foun-
dations of all public law, every rebel who voluntarily
becomes an enemy is as completely responsible in all
his property^ whether real or personal, as a hostile
Government or prince, whose responsibility to this
extent is unquestioned.
fchich in detail is the object which is all con-
tained in the idea of peace. In tins work it is
needless to say there can be no placv for any sen-
timent of hate or any suggestion of vengeance.
There can be no exaction and no punishment be-
yond the necessity of the case; nothing harsh,
nothing excessive. Lenity and pardon become
the conqueror more even than his victory. "Do
in time of peace the most good, and in time of
war the least evil possible; such is the law of na-
tions." These are the words of on eminent French
magistrate at the installation of a piize court. In
this spirit it will be our duty to assuage the ca-
lamities of the war, and especially to spare the
inoffensive population.
But the tallest poppies must drop. For the con-
spirators, who organized this great crime and lot
slip the dogs of war, there can be no penalty too
groat, ihey should be not only punished to the
extent of our power, but they should be stripped !
of all means of influence, so that should their lives i
be spared, they may be doomed to wear them out j
in poverty, if not in exile. To this end their prop- i
erty must betaken. But their poor deluded follow- i
ers may be safely pardoned. Left to all the priv- !
ileges of citizenship in a regenerated land, they
will unite in judgment of those leaders who have
been to them such cruel taskmasters.
But the property of the leaders consists largely
of land, owned in extensive plantations. Itisjust
that these should be broken up, so that they can
never be again the nurseries of conspiracy or
disaffection. Partition'd into small estates, they
will afford homes to many who are now home-
less, while their peculiar and overbearing social
influence will be destroyed. Poor neighbors, who
have been so long dupes and victims, will become
independent possessors of the soil. Brave soldiers
who have left their northern skies to fight the Mu~
tles of their country, resting at last from their vic-
tories and changing their swords into plowshares,
will fill the land with northern industry and north-
ern principles.
I say little of personal property, because, al-
though it may be justly liable to confiscation, yet
it is easy to see that it is of much less importance
than the land, except so far as slaves may be falsely
classed under that head.
Vattel says that in our day a soldier would not
dare to boast of having killed the enemy's king,
and there seems to be a similar timidity on our
part towards slavery, which is our enemy's king.
If this king were removed tranquillity would reign.
Charles XII, of Sweden, did not hesitate to say
that the cannoneers were perfectly right in direct-
ing their shots at him, for that the war would be at
an instantend if they could kill him; whereas they
would reap little from killing his principal officers.
There is no shot in this war so effective as one
against slavery, which is king above all officers;
nor is there any better augury of complete success
than the willingness, at last, to fire upon this
wicked king. But there are illusions through
which slavery has become strong, which must be
abandoned.
The slaves of rebels cannot be regarded as prop-
erty, real or personal. Though claimed as prop-
erty by their masters, and though too often rec-
ognized as such by individuals in iheGovernment,
it is the glory of our Constitution that it treats
slaves always as 44 pet .sons." At home, beneath
the lash and local laws, they may be chattels; but
they are known to our Constitution only as men.
In this simple and indisputable fact there is a dis-
tinction, clear as justice itself, between the pre-
tended property in slaves and all other property,
real or personal. Being men, they are bound to
allegiance and entitled to reciprocal protection. It
only remains that a proper appeal should be made
to their natural and instinctive loyalty; nor can
any pietended property of their masters super-
sede this claim, I will not say of eminent domain,
but of eminent power, inherent in the national
Government, which at all times has a right to the
services of all. In declaring the slaves free, you
will at once do more than in any other way,
whether to conquer, to pacify, to punish, or to
bless. You will take fiom the rebellion its main-
spring ot activity and strength; you will stop its
chief source of provisions and supplies; you will
remove a motive and temptation to prolonged re-
sistance, and you will destroy forever that dis-
turbing influence which, so long as it is allowed
to exist, will keep this land a volcano ever ready
to break forth anew. But while accomplishing
this work, you will at the same time do an act of
wise economy, giving new value to all the lands
of slavery, ami opening untold springs of wealth;
and you will also do an act of justice destined to
raise our national name more than any triumph
of war or any skill in peace. God, m His benef-
icence, offeis to nations as to individuals, oppor-
tunity, opportunity, opportunity, which, of all
things, is most to be do.Mred. Never before in
history has Me offered such as is nowouis. Do
not fail to seize it. The blow with which we smite
an accursed rebellion will at the same time enrich
| and bless; nor is there any prosperity or happi-
j ness which it will not scatter abundantly through-
| out the land. And such an act will be an epoch
j marking the change from barbarism to civiliza-
i tion. By the old rights of war, still prevalent in
: Afnea, fieemen weie made slaves; but by the
rights of war which I a&k you to declare, slaves
will be made freemen.
Mr. President, if you seek indemnity for the
past and security foi the future; if you seek the
national unity under the Constitution of the United
States, here is the way in which all these can be
suiely obtained. Strike down the leaders of the
rebellion and lift up the slaves.
(i To tame the proud, (lie fettered slave to free;
These are imperial act?-, and worthy thee. "
Then will there be an indemnity for the past such
as no nation ever before was able to win, and there
will be a security for the future such as no nation
ever before enjoyed, while the Republic, glorified
and strengthened, will be assured forever, one and
indivisible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is the amendment moved by the
Senator from Kentucky to the third section of the
original bill, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, the time which
will now be afforded for the consideration of this
bill must necessarily be limited by the considera-
tion of the tax bill, which is impending. I shall
confine myself, therefore, entirely to such objec-
tions as are made to the different propositions
of the bill and to such amendments as are pro-
posed; and I desire now simply to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. In the consideration of this
section the committee thought it would be right
and proper that the persons who have been en-
gaged in the rebellion should be forever de-
prived of holding office under the Government of
the United States, that we should not intrust those
people again with the possession of office; but the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky goes
much further. It proposes to strip every one of
these people, if it can be done, of their rights of
citizenship. I undeistand one of the efforts of the
Government is to bring these people into subjec-
tion to the Government and to restore and hold
them in their rights of citizenship, and this amend-
ment proposes to strip them of that entirely. Why
should we not let them go if we do not want them
as citizens? Why attempt to hold them in the
Union ? It is for the very reason that we want the
territory, that we want them as citizens, and that
we want to preserve the supremacy of the Gov-
ernment, that we are making war and attempting
to suppress this rebellion But the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky proposes to strip every
one of those people of their rights as citizens, a~d
to hold them here as, what? As vassals; as sub-
jugated people. That has been what the border
States have deprecated. I think if we are ever
going to bring these people back to subjection to
the Government, to restore their fealty, and estab-
lish the supremacy of the Government, we had
better deprive them of the right of holding office,
and let them have the rest of their rights under
the Government. 1 hope the amendment will riot
be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. The effect of the amendment I
have offered is restricted of course to the persons
who are guilty of the offenses charged in the bill.
The President of the United States will have the
pardoning power. The classes who are most
guilty, of course, he will not pardon, and they
would not be entitled to take part in the political
government of the country. Those that are least
guilty, and who manifest a disposition to repent,
and return to their duties and their allegiance, of
course he will pardon. In the State of Kentucky
thcie are at least one third of the population who
are either secessionists or who sympathize with
secession. There are from six to seven or eight
thousand men from that State who have gone into
the confederate army. A good many who have
served in that army have leturned and are now
returning to the State. Numbers of them will
continue to return between now and the first Mon-
day in August when our general elections take
place, and they will return for the purpose of vot-
ing. We have an election some time this month
for justices of the peace, county court clerks,
county attorneys, and constables. The secession-
ists, 1 believe, as a general rule have nominated
tickets for those offices in all the counties of the
State,and are .making a united, concerted, and en-
ergetic effort to carry the elections. They have
this advantage: while a good many of their men
are returning from the confederate armies, none
of the Union men aie returning from the Union
armies. Theieweie about thirty thousand sol-
diers sent fiom Kentucky to the Union army. I
suppose that three fourths of them are voters. In
that State, a man must vote in the county of his
residence, and in the precinct or election district
