THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
law are required to bo taken up and not reissued, shall,
when so replaced or taken up, be destroyed in such manner
and finder such regulations as tlie Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe.
' The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
-•The amendment was concurred in.
MINT IN COLORADO.
Me. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up a bill that has been a good
while on, file, agreed upon unanimously by the
Committee of Ways and Means, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and by the authorities of the
Mint at Philadelphia—a bill for establishing a
mint at Denver City. It contains but a very short
section. There are men now here from Colorado
waiting to take out the machinery if they can get
it. It is a highly important measure, and I can-
not see that it will interfere with other interests.
I hope there will be no objection to considering it
now.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
MARY A. BERAULT.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported back by unanimous con-
sent, the petition in the case of Mary A. Berault,
administratrix of the late Joseph Wheaton, and
asked that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the papers be re-
ferred to the Secretary of the Interior for adjust-
ment, no further legislation being necessary.
It was so ordered.
PROGRESS OP THE USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Patents,
reported, by unanimous consent, a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to promote the progress
of the useful arts;" which was recommitted to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
SMALL BILLS IN TIIE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and to have
put upon its passage, a bill (H. R. No. 331) to
authorize the banks in the District of Columbia
to issue circulating notes of a less denomination
than five dollars.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I object.
REPORTS TltOM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the regular busi-
ness in order to be the call of committees for re-
ports of a private character,
ASSISTANT TREASURER AT 1SOSTOX.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Public Expenditures
a bill (H. R. No. 3S3) to provide for the appoint-
ment of clerks in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer at Boston, to fix their salaries, and provide
for the absence of the Assistant Treasurer, and for
other purposes, and asked that it be put upon its
passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Assistant
Treasurer at Boston, from and after the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1862, in lieu of the clerks heretofore author-
ized and provided, to appoint, with the approba-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, one chief
clerk at a salary of $1,500 per annum, and one
disbursing clerk at a salary of $1,500 per annum,
and one other clerk at a salary of $1,200 per an-
num, and one messenger at a salary of $700 per
annum; and appropriates the compensation for
such clerks for the current and next fiscal year.
The second section provides that in case of the
sickness or unavoidable absence of the Assistant
Treasurer he may, in his discretion, authorize the
chief clerk to act in his place, and to discharge
all the duties required by law of the Assistant
Treasurer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PILOTS, ETC., OS GUNBOATS.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Military Affairs a
bill (H. R. No. 344) to secure to pilots, engineers,
sailors, and crews upon gunboats and war ves-
sels their bounty and pensions, and asked that the
bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the pilots,
engineers, sailors, and crews upon the gunboats
and war vessels of the United {States, who have
not been regularly mustered into the service of the
United States, shall be entitled to the same bounty
allowed to persons in the naval service, provided
they continue in service to the close of the present
war, and that all persons serving as aforesaid,
who have been or may be wounded or incapaci-
tated for service, shall be entitled to receive for
such disability the pension allowed by existing
laws, and that each and every such person shall
receive pay according to corresponding rank in
the naval service.
The second section provides that the lieirs of
all persons who have been and may be employed
as aforesaid, or who have been or may be killed
in battle, or of those who have died or shall die of
wounds received while so employed, shall be paid
the bounty and pension allowed under existing
laws of the naval service, according to rank, as
provided in the preceding section.
Mr. P. A. CONKL1NG. I wish to inquire
whether the operation of this bill is confined to
the western rivers, or is to apply to the entire
country?
Mr. DUNN. It applies to all vessels.
Mr. P. A. CONKL1NG. On the coast as well
as the western rivers ?
Mr. DUNN. Yes.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Then I submit that
the bill should properly go before the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I move that reference.
Mr. DUNN. I should be glad to have the bill
acted upon now.
Mr. GURLEY. This bill is to grant pensions
and bounties to the pilots and engineers serving
on gunboats in the western waters and elsewhere.
You cannot take from the naval service that class
of officers, particularly pilots, for they are not fa-
miliar with the channels of the western rivers. In
the last battle at Ports Henry and Donelson four
pilots were killed, and it was found difficult to
supply their places. At least, that was the case
two weeks ago. This bill simply places these
pilots and engineers and sailors on the same foot-
ing as the same classes of persons in the naval
service. I trust there will be no objection to the
bill. It is important to the service.
Mr. SEDGWICK. So far as I understand the
provisions of this bill, I think it is substantially
just. The class of pilots to which the gentleman
has refeired have suffered very severely in pro-
portion to their number. The pilot-houses on the
gunboats on the western rivers are so exposed as
to make them a very prominent mark for the guns
of the enemy. That very thing has very materi-
ally delayed the departure of the new expedition
down the Mississippi; the attempt having been
made to strengthen the pilot houses of the gun-
boats.
But, sir, it is hardly possible for the House to
understand the entire bearing of the bill without
a larger opportunity for consideration than can be
afforded at this time. I hope, therefore, the gen-
tleman who reported it will not object to its refer-
ence to the Committee on Naval Affairs, especially
as it relates entirely to that branch of the service.
I have no doubt it would receive the favorable con-
sideration of that committee, and that it would be
reported back to the House at an early day, un-
less they shall discover something in the bill more
than appears upon the mere reading of it. I do
not desire to make any opposition to it if it has
been consideied thoroughly by the Military Com-
mittee; but it seems to me it should have the infer-
ence which has been moved.
Mr. GURLEY. This is a very short and sim-
ple bill, and I see no reason why it should be re-
ferred.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to permit me to say that I did not suppose there
would be any opposition to this bill, or that the
House would not be prepared to act upon it at this
time. It has been printed, and is upon the desk
of each member, and its provisions are so simple
that I can scarcely understand why its considera-
tion should be postponed. There is difficulty, I
understand, in obtaining the requisite number of
pilots and engineers on the western rivers, in con-
sequence of the exposure to which they are sub-
jected. However, if the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs desires to have it referred to
his committee, and will report it back at an early
day, I will not object to the proposed reference.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
WILLIAM STERRY.
Mr. HARRISON from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting an invalid
pension to William Sterry, of the State of New
York; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DUELL. I ask that that bill may be con-
sidered at this time.
The bill was read. It directs that the name of
William Sterry, of the State of New York, shall
be placed by the Secretary of the Interior upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from the 1st of January, 1862.
The report states that William Sterry served
continually as a private in the United States Army
from the 13th of March, 1829, to the 5th of April,
1846. At the last mentioned date, he was dis-
charged from the service upon the surgeon's cer-
tificate of disability. On the 28th day of May,
1846, he entered Captain Snell's company of Texas
volunteers, and was discharged on the 24th Au-
gust, 1846, by reason of defective vision. He
enlisted again m the same year, but was discharged
in consequence of disability, and is now totally
blind.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT B. BRADFORD.
Mr. McICNIGHT. I was out of my scat for
a moment when the Committee on Foreign Affairs
was called. I ask the consent of the House to
report from that committee a bill for the relief of
Robert B. Bradford.
There being no objection, the bill was received
and read a first and second time.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask that the bill may be
put on its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to that.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move, then, that the bill
be ordered to be printed, and recommited to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY 01? THE POTOMAC.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to in-
form this House how many oiliccrs and men of the army of
the Potomac have died since the 4th of March, 1861; \\ hat
number of them have died in battle and fiom wounds, and
what number from disease ; aiso, how many ofheers and
men have been discharged from the At H!y since the 4th of
March, 1861, giving a classified statementof the giounds of
discharge.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt,
the second section of the bill being under consid-
eration.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to move to strike out in
the ninth line the words " freeholders and." The
clause of the bill proposed to be amended is as
follows:
That the President of the United States be, and lie is
hereby, authorized to divide, respectively, the States and
Territoues of the United States and the Distnctot Colum-
bia into convenient collection districts, and to nominate
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint an assessor and a collector for each such ili-tnct,
who shall be freeholders anil residents within the same.
I understand the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means 1ms no objection to this amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the gentleman fron^ Massachusetts that in place
