1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the words he proposes to strike out, he insert
the words " citizens of the United States."
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to insert that
in the place of " residents" immediately follow-
ing.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
leave ill the word "residents." I think these
officers ought to be residents of their districts.
Mr. ELIOT. I will retain my motion as I made
it, to strike out the words " freeholders and."
Then if gentlemen see fit to make any further
amendment, it can be done subsequently.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is the amendment amend-
able ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out the words " residents of the same," and
to insert in lieu thereof the words " citizens of the
United States."
Mr. EOSCOE CONKLING. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether his purpose is
to allow the appointees from one State to execute
their duties under this bill in another State, of
which they are not residents?
Mr. BINGHAM. Undoubtedly. The design
is, if a man cannot be found sufficiently loyal to
collect the taxes in a rebel district, to allow a loyal
appointee from New York or some other State, to
collect them.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order. I
understood the debate to be limited to half a
minute.
The CHAIRMAN. That was upon the amend-
ment yesterday pendirta;, submitted by the gentle-
man from California, which has been withdrawn.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like permission
of the committee to show that the word "free-
holder" should be stiicken out, if gentlemen de-
sire to collect any revenue in California. In my
own State and in the Territories, there are com-
paratively few freeholders. The title to the land
is, to a very great extent, in the United States, and
I suggest that the same may be true, to a certain
extent, in some of the other States. To make the
bill applicable to that State, therefore, it is desira-
ble that the word " freeholder" should be stricken
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I now submit the amendment
which I suggested yesterday, to add at the end of
the section, as follows:
Jlnd provided further, That the provisions of this faction
sha.ll not apply to any State the Governor whereof shall
nflifially cau>e it to be nohtied to the Pieskient that such
State will, puiMiant to the teims ot this act lieieinafter Net
forth, cause to he duly a^esaed, collected, and paid over,
the duties and taxes prescribed by tin* act.
Mr. Chairman,when the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Cockling] was upon the floor
yesterday discussing the amendment which had
then just been offered by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Phf.i.ps,] the suggestion was made
by him that it might bo desirable—as I believe it
had been felt in the different parts of the House
by many gentlemen that it might be desirable—
that some provision should be incorporated into
the bill, if it could be done without affecting its
integrity or injuring its harmonious action, by
which the Slates, if their Legislatures should see
fit to do so, might take upon themselves the assess-
ments and collection, within their State borders,
of the duties and taxes prescribed by this act. He
said he had prepared no amendment to illustrate
his proposition, nor put m shape any plan such
as was suggested. Some few days before my at-
tention had been called to this matter by parties
who were interested in the effective operation of
the bill, and upon consultation with some friends
upon the floor of the House, who thought with
me that it might be desirable that some such plan
should be offered, I had prepared on amendment
which, by the courtesy of the gentleman from
New York, I was permitted to have read at the
Clerk's desk.
It had been my intention, Mr. Chairman, to
propose the amendment m the form of additronal
sections to the hill at the proper time, and not to
call up any discussion on the subject of the amend-
ment at the time the second section was under
debate. But, sir, by the second section of the bill
the President is authorized to divide the States
into convenient collection districts, embracing two
or more States in one and the same district. I do
not know whether it is intended that any State
should itself be divided and more than one collec-
tion district established there. I suppose, from
the lasfc^ause in the bill, that it is not the inten-
tion of tne framers of the bill that the President
should divide the States themselves into several
collection districts, or have power to unite parts
of different States, because tne bill says that any
of the States and Territories, as well as the Dis-
trict of Columbia, may, if the President shall deem
it proper, be erected into and included in one dis-
trict. The bill does not prohibit in terms the
division of the States, unless the provision may be
supposed to be contained in that where the power
is given to the President to bring into one district
two States. That would seem to preclude the
power on his part to divide any of the States into
several collection districts. It will also be observed
that this section gives to the President power to
embrace into one collection district two or more
States. Several of the New England States, under
the construction which may be given, may be
embraced in the same collection district.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman that it was the intention of the committee
who framed this bill that each of the States should
be divided into several collection districts, and I
think that is the fair construction of the provisions
of the bill now before us.
Mr. ELIOT. If that is the intention of the
committee, if it is the construction which they
put upon their own bill, that each State should
be divided into several collection districts, then I
suppose it would follow that in the division of the
States the halfof one State mightbe joined to the
half of another State, and it would be within the
power of the President to make such collection
districts geographically or territorially, as he
might deem expedient, withoutreference to State
lines. He would divide and district territorially,
as he thought proper. I should not have sup-
posed that such would be a fair construction of
the bill. If it is the true one it renders it import-
ant that this section should be amended before
any amendment should be incorporated in the bill
to authorize the independent action by the several
States in the assessment and collection of taxes.
It is important if any provision is to be inserted
into the bill, if any plan is to be adopted, that there
should be an amendment offered to this section
substantially similar to the one now pending.
That is to say, if any plan be devised by which
State authorities shall have the right to collect for
itself these taxes, such State should not be subject
to being divided and districted. If a State shall
agree by its own machinery to collect these taxes,
such State ought to be exempted from those pro-
visions of this bill. Take, for instance, the State
of New Hampshire. If that State sees fit to collect
under the provisions which may be incorporated
into this bill and pursuant to any plan which may
be found on examination to be practicable—not
mine, not the one I have offered, but the best that
can be found and inserted—if that State should,
herself, see fit to collect the duties, she should not
be subject to be divided into two districts, or any
part of her territorial limits be added to another
State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is entirely mistaken
in his construction of the section. The provisions
of the bill are plain, that a State may be divided
or that it may not be divided. If the President
thinks proper to have only one collection district
m the District of Columbia or in the Territories
he is not compelled to have two. He may have
one, or he may have more districts in the States
and Territories.
Mr. ELIOT. That is precisely my construc-
tion. I so understand the bill, after what has been
said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.]
Mr. HARPJSON. By one of the provisoes in
section fifteen of this bill, it is made the duty of
the assessor to attend at or near the court-house
of each county within his collection district two
successive days of the ten days, during which all
appeals within his collcction district are required
to be received and determined. How, then, can
a State be so divided as to place more than five
counties in a collection district?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose that
in the practical administration of the law, the
States will be divided into several collection dis-
tricts, probably according to the congressional
districts as they now are. ' > •
Mr. ELIOT. Of course that is a matter of
detail, and also a matterof speculation. -I under-
stand from the gentleman from Vermont who re-
ported this bill, that the States will be divided,
the President thinks proper, into collection dis-
tricts, corresponding substantially witH congres-
sional districts. I have not, I confess, come to that
conclusion. I had supposed that it was the inten-
tion of the bill that much larger districts than con*
gressional districts should compose whatare called
by the bill " collection districts," because of the
phrase in the bill, that if the President deem it
proper, any of the States and Territories may be
included in one district. However, that is on
another point.
What I was about to state is this: whatever
plan may be adopted to authorize theStatesto act,
it would be necessary to amend this section. By
the courtesy of the gentleman from New York, I
proposed the amendment to this section on yes-
terday which I have now formally submitted; for
the action of the committee. I have offered it for
the purpose of bringing before the committee this
entire subject. With that view on yesterday !
had read from the Clerk's table two sections not
now before the House, which seem to me to be
necessary for carrying out the general plan which
I had in view.
I wish to say that these amendments, although
it seems to me they embody, or rather suggest a
plan which may be matured and incorporated into
the provisions of this bill,.do not affect its har-
mony, or interfere with its effective operation. I
do not undertake to say that the amendments have
assumed such form that we would desire to have
them adopted without modification or change. It
is in the nature of u suggestion. I did not want
to be subject to the remark which afterwards fell
from the gentlemen of the committee, of stand-
ing in opposition to the pending bill, so far as the
mode for the collection of this tax is concerned,
without presenting a different plan which may be
better and more effective in its operation. But so
far as the amendment to this section is concerned
it is not material whether the plan itself be perfect
or not as I have submitted it. It may be amended
and by the action of the committee made perfect,
and the means provided for the purpose of fully
and fairly carrying it out. It is weli enough for
the committee to determine now, in advancc,
whether any plan of State action is practicable or
not; whether any practicable plan can be devised
by which the States will have the opportunity, if
they see fit, to exercise the authority to collect
this tax within their own limits. If the plan pro-
posed is imperfect, let a better plan be devised and
matured in this committee. Ilowever that may
be, whether the plan proposed is the best that can
be offered or not, this amendment is necessary to
be acted on at this time. And it may be assumed
that the best plan possible will be matured and
annexed to this bill. I hope that that will be as-
sumed by the committee in voting on this amend-
ment.
If the committee shall determine, because of the
arguments made yesterday and from an examin-
ation which they themselves may have given to
this bill, that it is in the nature of things impos-
sible that any such provision should be ingrafted
upon it, it is fair enough to have that expression
of opinion now. It is fair, in order that the com-
mittee who have this bill in charge should have
no unnecessary trouble about it. It may be as
well settled now as at any other time, what is to
be done in this regard. It was to that end that
the discussion yesterday tended. It must have
been so, because this specific amendment could
not have been in the minds of gentlemen who dis-
cussed the general principle of State action as ap-
plicable to this bill. It had not been examined;
it had not been read except at the Clerk's desk,
and when my colleague [Mr. Hooper] introduced
his custom-house amendment, he offered it for the
purpose, in that ingenious way, of expressing his
opinion that any plan of State action, however
perfect, was impossible. It was his way of show-
ing that he believed that the two measures were
incompatible. If that be the judgment of the
committee it had better be understood at this time.
In my judgment, if the thing can be done, it ought
