ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S15f
Mr. EDWARDS obtained the floor.
Mr. OLIN. I move to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill till the first Tuesday in De-
cember.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not yield for that pur-
pose now. It quite often happens when a new-
subject comes up, to which members have not
given much attention, that some gentleman is
anxious to postpone it to a more convenient time,
under some supposed necessity of further investi-
fition. But let me say to the gentleman from New
ork that the provisions of this bill are simple.
The facts are not complicated at all, are undis-
puted, and have been fully investigated by both
the House and Senate committees, and there is no
difference of opinion in regard to them . The pro-
visions of the treaty are plain and distinct. This
measure, too, has been pressed upon our attention
in the annual report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, who says that the Indians are actually
suffering for the necessaries of life in consequence
of the withholding of their annuities, waiting the
action of Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. Nicoi.ay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills and a joint resolution
originating in this House of the following titles:
An act (No. 260) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment and forfulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1863;
An act (No. 450) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1863, and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, and for
other purposes;
An act (No. 297) for the relief of J. W. Nye;
An act (No. 272) for the relief of Brigadier Gen-
eral Joseph G. Totten; and
Joint resolution (No. 83) relative to a certain
grant of land for railroad purposes made to the
State of Michigan in 1856.
INDIAN BONDS—AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
I would like to ask him a question. I inquire, as
I have not read this bill, whether itdoes directly
or by implication recognize as valid the title of
those who claim to hold and own the bonds which
were stolen ?
Mr. EDWARDS. In answer to the gentleman
from New York, I will say that there is nothing
in the bill that makes any such recognition. In
the first place, it only provides that the amount
originally invested for the Indians shall be credited
to the Indians on the books of the Treasury De-
partment. It then provides that any interest on
the bonds which the Indians may have had shall
cease and shall be vested in the Government of the
United States. There is no recognition of the rights
of any party in the bonds after their abstraction.
It simply goes back to the time when the bonds
werestolen, and guaran ties theoriginal investment,
according to the stipulations of treaties, and five
per cent, interest on the same from the time pay-
ment of interest had ceased. The Commissioner
on Indian Affairs thought the rate of interest ought
to be six per cent., but inasmuch as we had agreed
to keep the principal good, and to save the Indians
from any loss or care of the principal, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs concluded to fix the rate
at five per cent. I do not think the bill at all in-
terferes with the rights of the present holders of
the stolen bonds, nor with the rights of those from
whom they have been stolen.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The general sub-
ject to which the bill relates involves in its various
branches, as I understand, nearly two millions of
money.
Mr. ALDRICH. Oh, no. Six hundred and
forty thousand dollars.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Minnesota says $640,000; and in the-hear-
ing of that statement, 1 repeat that the whole sub-
ject-matter to which the bill belongs involves
nearly two million dollars.
Mr. ALDRICH. I deny the statement, and call
for the proof. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If my facetious
and impetiious'neighbor will not be agitated, I will
explain to him'what I mean.
According to my recollection, the amount of
bonds stolen from the custody of the Secretary of
the Interior was $870,000. There were put out,
in one way and another, by the aid of the bonds,
acceptances of John B. Floyd to.a vast amount,
the bonds being used to procure extensions and
effect negotiations. Some of this class of accept-
ances are floating yet, and the amount was more
than equal to the total of the bonds. I do not now
refer to acceptancesofthe Secretary of War which
were negotiated without any connection with the
stolen bonds. I refer to those acceptances which
were used in some way in connection with bonds
belonging to the Indian trust fund, and delivered
by Godard Bailey,a clerk in the Interior Depart-
ment, to a member of the.firm of Russell, Majors
& Waddell, to the amount of $870,000. I may
therefore add to .the $870,000 of stolen bonds
whatever amount of acceptances of the Secretary
of War connected with them are to be disposed
of, when the question arises whether or not the
Government is bound by that act of the Secretary
of War. Connected with this aggregate, what-
ever it may be, a question will arise as to the rights
of the holders of these bonds, payable, as they
were, to bearer, and therefore negotiable without
indorsement simply upon delivery. One question
will be, how many of the bonds are really in the
hands of innocent holders?
Upon this statementitwill be seen, I think, that
I am borne out in saying that the whole subject-
matter involves a very large amount of money,
probably not much short of $2,000,000.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from New York how he gets the sum of
#2,000,000. The bonds stolen from the Interior
Department amount at their full sum upon then-
face to $870,000. Now, the acceptances of the
Secretary of War, outstanding, have been reduced
to between eight and nine hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. MAYNARD. Eighthundredandsix thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. EDWARDS. That, I believe, is the exact
amount. All the others have been canceled. Ad-
mitting, however, the amount, if you please, I do
not see how it is involved in this bill. It seems
to me this matter stands entirely clear of these
questions. This is simply a question between us
and the Indians. They are no parties to Floyd's
acceptances, nor to the abstraction of these bonds.
Those are matters that we have to settle among
ourselves.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am afraid the
gentleman from New Hampshire and the gentle-
man from Minnesota will convince themselves
that I am opposed to their bill before I can get an
opportunity to make myself understood. "Lo
the poor Indian!" is, I know, the question before
us, and I was going to speak to that; but my vi-
vacious friend here on my right [Mr. Aldrich]
called me off to folio w up a mere preliminary state-
ment. I was about to remark in reference to the
particular matter before us, and premised by say-
ing that about two million dollars, more or less,
as I understand it, are involved in the whole sub-
ject in its various branches.
Thegentleman from New Hampshire still insists
that he does not understand what I mean by that
statement, and although it will consume a little
time and seems hardly necessary, I will explain
further, out of respect to the gentleman.
According to my recollection, the special com-
mittee appointed to investigate the theft of these
bonds reported about four million dollars of ac-
ceptances outstanding, floating somewhere unac-
counted for. The memorial which has recently
been presented to the House states, truly for aught
I know—I do not mean to controvert the fact—
that although the statement of the special commit-
tee was true at the time it was made, a large amount
of those acceptances have been in reality, though
not in form, since retired; that they have been
gathered up, so that at this time there remain but
$806,000 outstanding.
1 can understand how the statement in the me-
morial maybe true,and I think it very likely, aside
from the evidence furnished by the memorial, that
the drawers of the drafts have paid and arranged
them to a large amount. They made an assign-
ment, by which a large amount of property was
divided between creditorsof various descriptions,
a preferential assignment, as I understand it, and I
have no doubt that, in one way or another, a con-
siderable amount of indebtedness was missed out.
The fact, however, remains that enormous claims
have been entailed upon the Government. There
is a deficit amounting to $870,000,arising from
the theft alone. There are also acceptances of the
late Secretary of War, connected with this firm of
Russell, Majors & Waddell, having relation to the
transactionsconnected with the theft and wrongful
negotiation of the bonds, amounting to $806,000,
making a total, in the two items, of §1,676,000, no
part of which has been liquidated. The accept-
anceshavenothing to do with thematteras between
us and the Indians—far from it; they are wholly
distinct, and ought to be kept so. A part of these
acceptances are held by the firm of Pierce & Ba-
con, of Boston. Others are held by them for others
whom they represent, as middle men of some sort.
How many more acceptances will turn up in the
future nobody can say, except as a matter of mere
conjecture.
The gentleman will thus see that large sums con-
nect themselves more or less remotely with the
theft of the Indian bonds and the use made of
them. All this, however, is preliminary to what
I proposed to say directly upon the merits of the
bill, and it belongs to the subject only so far as it
is necessary to see to it that nothing creeps into
the billW'hich can be claimed to work any change
of rights in respectto matters in which the Indians
have no interest.
As to the considerations urged by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, demanding the passage of
the bill, I do not take issue with him. I agree
that these Indians ought to be fully indemnified.
The cestui que trust, who has been robbed by his
trustee, ought to be reimbursed. Idonotmean to
take issue with that at all, and I beg leave to assure
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Train,]
who I see has risen to interpose, of that fact.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 desire to ask thegentleman how
he connects this bill with the acceptances of Floyd
upon the drafts of Russell, Majors & Waddell.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The two things
are distinct for one purpose and in one view, and
connected closely in another. The question is
presently to be presented to us whether the Gov-
ernment will pay $800,000 of acceptances issued
by Floyd to Russell 
Mr. TRAIN. Less than four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Less than four
hundred thousand dollars to some parties, and •
more than four hundred thousand dollars to others.
The whole amount is more than eight hundred
thousand dollars. Pierce & Bacon, of Boston,
represent a certain amount themselves; they rep-
resent for a New Hampshire bank a certain other
amount; for another bank still another amount;
and they state in their memorial that eight hun-
dred thousand and odd dollars are outstanding in
the hands ofbnna fide holders, as they claim.
The two things are different parts of a series of
transactions which took place between the firm of
Russell, Majors & Waddell and the War Depart-
ment, and between Godard Bailey, a clerk in the
Interior Department, and this firm. I beg, how-
ever, to assure thegentleman from Massachusetts,
who asked me what this bill had to do with the
acceptances of Floyd upon the drafts of Russell,
Majors & Waddell, that I do not mean at all to
prejudice the claim of Pierce & Bacon, by refer-
ring to this subject now. I only say that the
whole subject, both branches of it—the sum due
to the Indians and the sum claimed by citizens
and banks, together with the rights and interests
of the Government in all respects of the case, re-
quire prudent and cautious action; but I do not
deny that the Massachusetts claimants are hon-
orable men; I do not deny at this time that they
are bona fide holders, without notice, for value
paid, before due.
The present bill should be confined carefully to
the one purpose now in view, namely, to do jus-
tice to the Indians*. If it is so restricted, I see no
objection to it.
'.The gentleman from New Hampshire says it is
thoroughly guarded, and I vote with him upon
that assurance.
Mr. EDWARDS. I shall not fatigue the House
by going over any ground that has already been
gone over. I will merely say that I do not see—
1 do not know what other gentlemen may do—
