1862.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into alt the appropriation bills, I believe, hereto-
fore, since 1850. These men reccive a percentage
as compensation, not a salary. It has uniformly
been allowed to tiiose officers, as far as my recol-
lection goes, and we have reported it here in con-
formity with the practice which has been hereto-
fore pursued.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what superintendents are here referred to ? Are
they superintendents of light-houses? .
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; superintendents of
light-houses.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Is it in the nature of
extra compensation to them?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; as I understand it,
it is their regular compensation.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. F. A, CONKLING. I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what the whole expenses of the coast survey
service will amount to for the coming fiscal year;
what is it estimated at?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
no debate is in order unless an amendment be
offered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will move, then,
to strike out from the first subdivision of the first
section of the bill, from line sixteen down to and
including line twenty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from New York that that clause in the
bill has been passed, and it is not in order to recur
to it.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The Chair will per-
ceive that the bill is one long section. The prac-
tice has been, I believe, to read through a section
and then return to it for amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from New York that in the consider-
ation of appropriation bills the practice has been
to treat each paragraph as a section.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will not persist in
my motion if the decision of the Chair is that it
is clearly out of order to move to strike out this
clause of the bill. I desire, however, again to
call the attention of the Chair to the fact that this
is a long section, and that by parliamentary prac-
tice when a section has been read it is in order to
move to amend any portion of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
by the uniform practice of the House appropria-
tion bills are considered by clauses, and that only
that clause of the bill, from line sixty-five to line
sixty-nine, is under consideration at this time.
Does the gentleman appeal from that decision?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. No, sir; I do not.
I move to strike out the entire clause to which the
Chair has referred. And now I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what is the whole expense of our coast survey
service for the next fiscal year?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will find in
the estimates, beginning at page 93 and contin-
uing to page 100. the various items of appropria-
tions as made out by the superintendent. They
are in various sums not added up, and it would j
take some time to do it. I think the total for the I
Atlantic and Gulf coast is $178,000. !
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that this whole pro- '
ceeding is out of order. If I understand the motion j
now before the committee, it is to strike out the !
whole appropriation of $7,000. I think we have ;
already passed upon that. Besides, if it were not i
so, the inquiry as to the extension of the coast j
survey is not germane to this appropriation of '
$7,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would like to know ;
whether included in the aggregate sum referred i
to there is included $11,000 for continuing the j
survey of the Florida reefs and keys, including
the compensation of civilians, and excluding the
pay and emoluments to officers of the Army and
Navy ?
Mr. STEVENS. That amount is included in
the estimates, and it is carried into the bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. ltdoes appear to me, '
Mr. Chairman, that this is a moat extraordinary
appropriation, considering the circumstances of
the country. Here is an item of §11,000 for con- <
tinuing the survey of the Florida reefs and keys. ;
What the compensation of civilians engaged in
the work is, we have no means of knowing; and
in my judgment we are entitled to know it before
we embrace the item in the bill. This is not a
suitable time to dwell upon the importance of econ-
omy in the public expenditures. The time lim-
ited for this debate does not admit of any such
discussion; but I do hope that each and every item
of this bill in succession will be rigorously scru-
tinized, and if possible that some items will be ex-
eluded, and that others will be reduced iu amount.
I think that we should insist upon knowing either
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, or from the proper Department of the Gov-
ernment, what it is precisely to which this money
is to be applied.
I withdraw my amendment.
, Mr. OLIN. I move to strike out the follow-
ing;
For commission at two and a half per centum, to such
superintendents as are entitled to the same under the pro-
viso to the act of March 3,1851, $1,500.
This is similar to one of the clauses which has
been passed over, and to which the attention of
the House has been called by the gentleman from
Ohio. I have no doubt that the appropriation is
made in pursuance of existing laws.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will permit me, I
think I have found the law, or the supposed law,
upon which this is predicated.
Mr. OLIN. 1 think I have, too.
Mr. COX. It is nothing more than a proviso
in the appropriation bill of 1851.
Mr. OLIN. I was about to remark that that
item of expenditure crept into an appropriation
bill of 1851, and perhaps at this time it may be as
well left out. It is an appropriation undoubtedly
in pursuance of existing law, and that law origin-
ally improperly in an appropriation bill which
created that item of expenditure in 1851. It may
be left for future consideration, and therefore I
have moved to strike it out
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether the appropriations in this bill are
those estimated for by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or whether they have been cut down ?
Mr. STEVENS. The committee has not
changed them m any way.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then we ought to scru-
tinize them very closely.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing:
For purchase of manure for the public grounds, .$1,00U.
I do not see the necessity for that appropria-
tion. Surely there are stables and horses enough
owned by the Government now in Washington
to supply all the manure that may possibly be
needed for the public grounds. We ought not to
appropriate this $1,000, for there is no necessity
for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to strike out
the following:
For lure of carts on the public grounds, $1,095.
I think that that ought to go with the preceding
paragraph.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I hope that the gentleman
from New York will not insist on that amend-
ment. It is necessary I know to have some carts
m the public grounds, not merely for carting ma-
nure, but for other purposes. There is a vast deal
of grading to be done m the public grounds all
around the new buildings that are being con-
structed. It may be necessary to reduce the ap-
propriation, but it is not necessary to strike itout
altogether.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will modify my
motion, and move that the appropriation be re-
duced from $1,09.5 (o $500. I would like to know
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania', as he
seems to be informed upon the subject, whether
this money is exclusively applied to the purpose
indicated?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will merely answer that I
have not heretofore been upon the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and at thissession
that committee has had only one informal meet-
ing. I have, however, conversed with the garden-
er and carters in relation to this matter. There
has been too much neglect of stone and other rub-
bish on the grounds. I assure the gentleman that,
being on the committee, I will give this matter my
close attention.
Mr. F. A. COCKLING, J will ask-thege^
tlemari by whom this.moneyUs expended,?,- *
Mr. McKNIGHT. Lb&zve no knowledge wheats
ever of the subject except what-X lia^ve hpard' 3b
seen m print. As,I have stated',,1 have not freei)
on the committee before, a«d it hasji^pnly a
liminary meeting at this session., r It strikes;me
that we ought not to strike out this appropriation
altogether. . .
Mr. F. A. CONKLINQ. I will not cons
the time of the committee further thai? to expreJsr
my hope that the amendment -will be adopted
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
following: *
For purchase and repair of tools used in the public
grounds, $500.
Mr. Chairman, as retrenchment and reform
seem to be the order of the day, it occurs to me,
knowing something of farming, that this appro-
priation of $500 annually for the purchase ana re-
pair of tools to be used upon the public grounds
is entirely extravagant. I have no idea of the ex-
tent of the tools used, but I should think that#Q0O,
is enough for the purpose indicated. 1 will mod-
ify my motion, and move to reduce the appropri-
ation to $200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace, where
necessary, such as have been planted by the United States,
to whitewash tree-boxes and fences, and to repair pave-
ments in front ot the public grounds, $3,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to reduce that
appropriation to §1,000. X am clearly of the opin-
ion expressed by those who know more on this
subject than 1 ever expect to know, that the sura
of $500 is amply sufficient for the purpose. I
move, however, only to reduce it to $1,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I feel great indifference about
these items. If all the workmen about the public
buildings were discharged, J should have no par-
ticular objection. If they are to be kept up they
ought to be paid. But 1 suppose there is some
fear that these public buildings and grounds will
fall into the hands of the enemy, and therefore we
are to neglect them. I have no kind of objection
to it, and I will not oppose the amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I am gratified to
learn that the gentleman has no objection to my
motion. Coming here as I do, a new member, and
standing among those who have been here in years
past ata time when the Treasury was overflowing,
and the effort was constantly made to find new
sources of expenditure, many of these items strike
me as being extraordinary. It would not be sur-
prising, sir, if in the mutationsof time, other men
than those now here should find their way into
the next Congress, and if those men should be
elected because of their devotion to the principles
of economy and reform in the public expenditures.
In this crisis of our history, when the very ex-
istence of the Republic is threatened, when in all
human probability the next thirty days will decide
forever whether this Union is to maintain its place
amongst the Powers of the earth, or whether it is
to go down, and constitutional liberty is to perish
—at this time it does appear to me that every effort
should be made to economize the outgoes of the
Treasury. Every schoolboy knows that wars are
no longer ended as in the feudal age, in theage of
the mail-clad knights, by personal prowess upon
the battle-field, but by the resources of the military
chest. It was this truth that Napoleon Bonaparte
intended to recognize when he made use of what
has been regarded as the irreverent expression that
he had commonly found that Providence was on
the side which had the most men and the heaviest
cannon. It is for the reason that the last dollar in
the military chest will prove victorious in this
struggle that 1 intend to press this motion. It is
true that the item is small in itself; but if the amend-
ment shall be adopted, it will indicate that it is the
determi nation of this House to restrict the expend-
itures of the Government within the narrowest
possible limits.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. Chairman,
I am somewhat surprised that this question of
economy should be postponed to these small and
very slender items. If there had been a motion
to reduce the expenses of the Coast Survey by
thousands, I think we might, perhaps, have been
engaged in a judicious work;, but to have it here
