2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
if offered to the bill which was reported some time
ago from the Judiciary Committee, or if proposed
to the substitute now before the Senate, offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts—bills which
really propose to forfeit property—I should think
a very proper one, and should be inclined to sup-
port it; but the trouble in adopting the amendment
to this bill now before the Senate seems to me this:
the bill reported by the special committee really
forfeits nothing; it does not propose to forfeit any-
thing; it proposes to try a man for a crime, and
if he is convicted to.fine him, to enter up a judg-
ment, and to authorize the collection of the amount
of that fine out of his property. The amendment
proposes that out of the money collected from the
estate of the criminal to satisfy a fine, the United
States shall liquidate the private debts of the crim-
inal. Now, 1 suppose there is not a State of the
Union but what has in its penal code provision
for fining different persons convicted of different
offenses; but I do not suppose any State ever felt
called upon to provide, out of the fines collected,
for the payment of the debts contracted by the
criminal.
Mr. CLARK. In reply to what was said by
the Senator from Delaware, I have to say simply
that I do not suppose any one would pretend, in
the first class of cases mentioned by him, that
you could evade the lien, or seek to avoid the
lien; the property would have to go to pay the
debt; and 1 desire to suggest to the Senate 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest that judgments are no liens in Ken-
tucky?
Mr. CLARK. I mean, of course, in States
where they are liens.
Mr. POWELL. A judgment is not a lien in
our State,
Mr. CLARK. In some States they are liens,
in some they are not. In my State, instead of
being a lien, there is an attachment made. Of
course it would not avoid an attachment; there is
no pretense of that; but I want to suggest to Sen-
ators that there would be little inducement indeed
for the Government to bring a man to trial and
fine, if it could simply collect his debts for his
creditors, and settle his estate for their benefit. I
want to say further that the creditors are quite as
likely to be as vigilant as the Government; they
have the opportunity of seizing this property for
their debts; and if the idea of some Senators is the
correct one, that these men never will be brought
to punishment, or their properly taken, the cred-
itor will be quite as likely to get it as the Gov-
ernment. I hope that that idea is not correct,
and that these men will be punished; but still I
do not approve the paying of the money, after they
have been punished by fine, over to their creditors.
Mr. WADE. I do not think the matter under
consideration is worth much debate. I agree with
the Senator from Wisconsin that there is nothing
here, for you can make nothing out of it. Your
bill does not propose to confiscate any property,
and I do not think it is worthy of much contro-
vert^ how much fine you can get out of a man
convicted in the seceded States after you have had
him tried by a grand jury and a petit jury and got
a court, a secession couit, to impose'a fine upon
him. After that process is gone through with, I
do not think it is worth contending for long how
much money you put into the Treasury from his
estate. 1 am perfectly willing that all you get
shallgoanywhere you please. [Laughter.] You
may give it to loyal men, or to the Government,
or even to the rebels, and it will not save them
from starvation. I do not think it is worthy of
consideration for a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I modify my amendmentin this
form:
Provided, That all the property owned by any person con-
victed of any cnme under tins act shall be first subject to
the payment ot all his debts and liabilities due and subsist-
ing at the tune thereof to loyal creditors.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Before voting on that, I
yis" & suggestion in reply to the Senator
from Wisconsin. He takes the ground that under
this bill nothmgis proposed to be forfeited or con-
fiscated, as I understand him. If so, certainly the
bill is a deception 
Mr. WADE. It is so intended.
JftUMBULL. I am not prepared to say
that. The eighth section of the bill provides:
Sec. 8. M be it further enacted, That the President of
the unUeu States, whenever he bhalidecm it necessary and
proper for a speedy and successful termination of the pres-
ent rebellion, that any personal property, seized by the Army
or Navy, and belonging to a person who shall, after the
passage of this act, have engaged in rebellion or given aid
or comfort thereto, should be confiscated, may cause pro-
ceedings in rem to be instituted against said property, as
in admit aitv or levenuc cases; and if said property shall be
found to have belonged to a person engaged in rebellion, or
who has so given aid and comfort thereto, the same shall
be forfeited and become the property of the United States,
and may be sold or disposed ot as the court shall direct.
It is confined to personalty, it is true, but it does
provide that the President may, in suppressing
the rebellion, seize this property and institute pro-
ceedings. If the eighth section means anything,
I think there is no force in the objection of the
Senator from Wisconsin. However, I am not for
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky. I
do not believe in administering on the estates of
rebels, whether they are forfeited under the eighth
section or are levied upon to pay a fine. As has
been well said, where there are subsisting liens
wc do not divest them; and I think if we have any
sort of a bill it will involve the Government, as
has been suggested, in a good deal of complica-
tion to undertake to settle up the estates of trai-
tors.
Mr. DAVIS. In the State of Kentucky there;
is no specific lien upon property until an execu-
tion has been issued and has comc to the hands
of the officer. The hen then attaches. But there
is a prior obligation and claim upon the property
for the payment of all that a man owes. He can-
not give his piopeity away so as to defeat his
creditors. He may sell it for a fair bona fide price,
but if he sells it for less than its fair value, the
sale is deemed fraudulent and may bo set aside,
and the property held by his creditors to the pay-
ment of his debts. I have no doubt that there
are a great many cases in the seccded States where
real estate has been sold and a considerable por-
tion of the purchase money is still due and unpaid.
Well, what will be the effect now of this law in
cases of that kind? I am not prepared, I admit,
with a definite and satisfactory answer to such a
question as that; butl suppose thattheie aie many
cases in which the holder of property has not paid
the purchase money, or a large portion of the pur-
chase money, for real estate winch he holds, and
the vendor might be deprived of the collection of
the residue of his debt by this act of Congress.
I do not think that ought to be tolerated.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 26; as follows:
YFAS—Mc^sk. Anthony, Caihle, Davis, Henderson,
Poaico, Powell, Salisbury, Sherman, Staik, Willoy, Wil-
son of Mis-omt, and Wright—12.
NAYS—Me>sis. lit owning, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, I>t\on, Poolutle,Fessenden,Foot,Foster,Grimes,
Ilailan, Hauls;, llowaid, Howe, King, Lane, of Kansas,
Latham, Pomeioy, Sumner, Ton Hyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wihnot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—£6.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out the
eleventh section of the bill, and upon that motion
i ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. Let the section be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Pec. 11. And he jb further enactcd, That the President of
the United .States is authorized to employ as many persons
of African descent as he may deem necessary and proper
tor the suppression of this rebellion, and for this purpose he
may organize and use them m such manner as he may judge
best for the public welfare.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Caihle, Davis, Ilendeison, Latham,
Pearce, Powell, Saulsbuiy, Stark, Willey, Wilson of Mis-
souri, and Wught— It.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Ciaik, Collamer,
Cowan, Dixon,Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,Fostei, Grimes,
Ilarlan, Harris, flowaid, Howe, Lane ofKansas, Pomeioy,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiuinbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Wilmot,and Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
So the Senate refused to strike out the section.
Mr. "HENDERSON. I move to strikeout the
first section of the original bill, after the enacting
clause, and insert the following:
That cveiy person who shall hereafter commit the crime
of treason against the United States, as defined by the first
section of the act of Apul 00, 1790, and shall be convicted
on confession in open court, or on the testimony of two
witnesses to the same overt act of treason wlieicot he shall
stand indicted, <?ueh person shall suffer death, or be pun-
ished by imprisonment, with or without hard laboi, not less
than five years; and .ill judgments on convictions of trea-
son under this act shall have the eifectto forfeit to the Uni-
ted States all the pioperty, real and personal, rights, cred-
its, and effects of the parly so convicted for and during his J
natural life. I
Mr. President, I should have stated a few days
since, when the chairman of the committee re-
marked that the bill reported by him had the as-
sent of the larger portion of the members of the
committee, that I attended but one meeting of the
committee after the bill had been prepared. The
larger proportion of the sections of the bill, I be-
lieve, meet my concurrence; some of them do not.
There was one section added to the bill at a sub-
sequent meeting after I was present, and that was
the eleventh section, which the Senate has just
"refused to strike out, and I regret very much they
refused so to do.
.It will be observed that the first section of this
act adopts, partially, forfeiture of property, and
partially the punishment by fine instead of forfeit-
ure. It provides that the party adjudged guilty
"shall suffer death, and all his slaves, if any,
shall be declared and made free." Now, if there
be such a thing as property in slaves, of course,
so far as the slaves are concerned, that is a for-
feituie of the propeity. It undertakes to make an
absolute forfeiture of whatever interest the party
may own in slaves. Then it goes on to provide?
Or he shall be imprisoned for not loss than five years
and fined not less than $10,000, and all his slaves, if any,
shall be deelaTed and made free.
In either event, whether a fine be imposed or
not, there is an absolute forfeiture of this inter-
est, whatever it may be.
It will also be borne in mind by Senators that
the Senate has refused to make any provision
whatever for the payment of debts. In icfusing
so to do, they forfeit a great deal of the property
of good and loyal men in the border States. Num-
bers ofindividuals entered into this rebellion who
were largely in debt, and in debt, too, to loyal men.
The chairman of the committee says many of them
had nothing to lose when they went into the re-
bellion, and having nothing to lose, they more
readily entered into it. He says it would be veiy
wrong in this particular case to make any pro-
vision of this character whatever, because the
punishment is by mere fine, and not by forfeit-
ure. Let me bring to his notice the fact that a
great many very good and loyal men have given
credit to rebels in days gone by upon the faith of
this property in slaves; that the fine which is to
be imposed must be taken out of property exclu-
sive of slaves; and the latter part of the section is
such, that, if it has any binding force, there is no
ability whatever on the pait of the rebel to secure
his loyal creditor. Jt is utterly impossible for
him to do so. Why? Simply for the reason that
no conveyance whatever can be made which
would be valid and binding in favor of the loyal
creditor previous to the conviction; and after judg-
ment has been rendered and his slaves forfeited
or set at liberty, as a matter of course, it is utterly
impossible for him to make any security what-
ever to the loyal creditor, unless he is worth over
ten thousand dollars:
Said fine shall be levied and collected on any or all of
the property, real and personal,, excluding slaves, of which
the said peisoti so convicted'toa^the owner at the uine of
committing the said crime,ratiy sale or conveyance to the
contrary notwithstanding.
It goes back to the date of the commission of
the crime, and it is impossible for the individual
to make any security whatever to loyal creditors.
My object in offering this amendment is this:
I think we can forfeit the property of an individ-
ual for treason, during his life, but not beyond it.
Although I was at one time of the impression that
the conviction use!fmight forfeit the personal prop-
erty,and that the real estate might be made forfeit
upon the attainder or the judgment, I have changed
my mind on further investigation of that sub-
ject, and f believe that the provision of the Con-
stitution is applicable alike to personal and to real
property, unless the Constitution of the United
States enacted again the common law. You can-
not punish a man for treason except under a law
passed in accordance with the Constitution. When
you do that, there is a limitation upon the pun-
ishment you may inflict. What is that limitation?
Of course that limitation is simply this: that the
forfeiture shall not extend beyond the life of the
individual attainted. Now, can we upon mere
conviction, forfeit the personal property? If we
can, why can we not, upon the same reasoning,
forfeit the real estate, and avoid the constitu-
tional provision entirely? Can any Senator an-
swer me? If the attainder of treason is the only
thing upon which the limitation of the Constitu-
