1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
tion acts, then why can we not say that the real
and personal property shaii be forfeited upon con-
viction, and not upon attainder, and avoid the con-
stitutional provision entirely?
It is said by some that if you forfeit the per-
sonal property for and during the life of the party
attainted, or upon whom judgment may fall in a
case of this character, it is an absolute forfeiture.
Then let it be so. If you believe so, you can cer-
tainly vote for my amendment. Any one who be-
lieves that can very readily vote for the amend-
ment, because it forfeits the real and personal
property during the life of the party attainted.
Then if a forfeiture of personal estate is an abso-
lute forfeiture, and becomes an absolute forfeiture
because of the fact that a life estate cannot be
carved outofhis chattels, let it be so. Negro prop-
erly is personal property. Some deny entirely that
it is property; but if there be any property in it,
it is personal property. It has all the elements of
personal property, and cannot be anything else,
f, then, Senators take the ground that to forfeit
it during life would be an absolute forfeiture, let
it be so. We have followed the words of the
Constitution on the subject, and we surely have
not violated its provisions.
Again: it may be said in regard to negro proper-
ty, and 1 believe that is the position taken by many
gentlemen, that if it be forfaited to the Government
of the United States, the United States cannot
bo the owner of slaves, and they are by that act,
ipso facto, made free. If that be true, every such
Senator can vote for my amendment. I do not un-
dertake to decide that question at all, but I leave
it to the courts of the country. I forfeit the prop-
erty to the Government of the United Slates, and
leave it to the courts to say what will bo the effect
of that forfeiture. I will state my reason for so
doing, I know that what I may say upon this
subject will have very little effect upon some Sen-
ator.?; but I have once before remarked here in
the Senate, that the people for whom we border
State representatives have to act on this floor are
quite sensitive on this subject, and I dislike to
icpeat the proposition. I am very well satisfied
that I have voted for measures since I have been
a member of this body that are not at all palatable
to the people I represent. Senators on the other
side tell me that they, too, sometimes arc com polled
to vote for measures which they do not like.to
vote for; but it is in consequence, and must be
in consequence, of the fact that there is a dis-
eased public sentiment on this subject in the
North as well as m the South. Now, sir, it is
my impression that if we intend to legislate on
tins subject so as to put down this rebellion, if we
intend to legislate upon it so as to conciliate the
good will of those men in the border slaveholding
States, we can do it without hurting the feelings
of any one, and without disciiminaung against a
man who is a slaveholder. If that can be done,
why not do it?
I do not get up here and make any threats, (be-
cause that is useless, and the time has passed and
gone by when it ought to be done,) as to what the
people will do in case Senators do not do this, that,
or the other. Every Senator is entitled to his own
judgment, and is responsible to his own constit-
uents for his conduct here, and all the threats
that may be made, I apprehend, will not, as they
ought not, have any effect upon the country or
upon Senators atall. But, sir, as I said in a few
remarks that I made the other day, there is a
strong prejudice on this subject. It will not do
for Senators to say, we can crush that prejudice
by the enactment of a law. We cannot do it; it
is utterly impossible to accomplish it. If it is de-
sirable that this prejudice shall be overcome, if
man is capable of self-government at all, and can
be reasoned with, I suppose we men in the border
States are reasonable and lational men, and if we
are talked to in the light spirit, in all probability
all the errors that we now labor under will bo ie-
moved in process of time; but if cannot be done
by an enactment of Congress.
It is useless to say that you are able to put the
rebellion down, and you will crush it any way;
and if we do not like your legislation, we, too,
must be involved in rum with the lebeis. Sir, as
I have said over and over again on this flout, ldo
not expect ever to sympathize or to act with this
rebellion, no matter what maybe the character of
your legislation-, and I desire that that position,
go far as I am concerned, shall be known to the
people of Missouri. I occupied it in the begin-
ning, and I occupy it now. However, a great
many men in Missouri who have been loyal are
daily writing to me that the legislation of this
Congress is making men disloyal who have been
heretofore loyal. Day after day letters of that
character are being received. Sir, there is enough
for us to do now, all that we can possibly do, to
put down those that are in arms against the Gov-
ernment.
We have a statute punishingtreason with death.
We have fifteen thousand of these men taken
prisoners at Fort Donelson. Why is it that you
do not punish them ? My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] has been troubling himself for some
time in regard, to the negroes who have been held
in the capital of his own State to wait on prison-
ers taken in this war. We have now twenty thou-
sand of those prisoners; and yet with this statute
upon our books, we do not punish a single man
who has been engaged in the rebellion. Not one
has yet been hung for treason. Why? Simply
because of this fact: the rebellion is strong enough
to hang as many of our men as we have hereto-
fore been able to hang of theirs. Why not talk
plainly and understand each other? Why, sir, in
my own State for twelve long months, when a
prisoner was taken on the one side, within twenty
minutes a prisoner would be taken on the other,
and held as a hostage. You dare not punish. If
you do, the life of a good and loyal man will pay
the forfeit; and hence you dare not do it.
How have we succeeded in putting it down in
Missouri? By pledging the good intentions of the
Republican party; otherwise my State would have
been engaged in the rebellion in spite of all we
could have done. We have quieted the fears of
those slaveholder who are disposed to be loyal,
and thousands and thousands of non-slaveholders
who have their prejudices against arming slaves
under any and all circumstances in this war. I
recollcct a few days since listening to the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] in
regard to the arming of Indians upon our borders
by the rebels. J sympathized with every word
that he said. Why? My people are prejudiced
against any such warfare; they are prejudiced
against bringing the Indian savage into our State;
and the people of this country, from Maine to
Georgia, are prejudiced against it. Sir, lookatthe
report of our committee on the conduct of the war
upon the barbarities committed by the rebels dur-
ing the war. Shall we turn around and commit
those barbarities ourselves? By no means. Let
them goon with theirwoik; whenever they wish
to commit those cruelties let them commit them;
but I will never consent to stain my hands with
them. I can make moic loyal men in the State of
Missouri by pointing to those barbarities than
you will ever make by passing laws to arm the
slaves. Yes, sir, point to those cruelties, point to
the barbarities of Indian warfare, and the people
start up as one man; the whole country becomes
aroused againsUit; and there is a spirit of oppo-
sition breathed throughout the country. If we
indulge in them ourselves, may we not bringabout
a counter sentiment, a levolution in public senti-
ment, which would be altogether prejudicial to us?
Therefore, sir, m the amendment that I offer I
| leave out this question offieeing slaves. It is very
i distasteful to my people. I talk with Senators as
1 leasonable men. The idea of setting loose negroes
! among us is very distasteful. There is a very
! great prejudice against the negro, even among
I the non-slaveholders. The gentleman from Ohio,
| [Mr. Sherman,] a few days since went on to speak
; in language that I could appreciate of the opposi-
| tion of his people to free negroes m that State. It
! is the same in my State; perhaps woise than it is
j in Ohio. I do not know that it is any worse. It
| is so in Illinois. 1 live right on the border of Ilh-
! nois, and I know what it is there. I know what
it is in Indiana, I know what it is in all thewest-
■ ern States. There is a prejudice against free ne-
! groes, and there is a prejudice against libeiating j
! or setting them loose by congressional law.® I I
i ask, therefore, why you cannot agree with me, 1
and say they shall be forfeited to theGovernment. (
j You say they are fiee the moment they are for- ;
! felted. I say amen, if such be the law. If you I
■ say the moment ihe Government takes him the ;
1 slave i-s free, because the Government cannot im- ;
pose shackles on a slave and hold him m bond- ;
i age, that the Constitution of the country does not 1
permit the Government to become a slaveholder,
why not let him be forfeited to the Government,
and thus get rid of all this prejudice in the.border
slaveholding States?
I find upon a great many of these measures the
same old difficulty that occurred upon this floor
years ago: all from theslaveholding States some-
times voting one way, and all those ftom the non-
slaveholding States voting the other. It is a bad*
omen; it is a bad sign. I do notiike to see it. I
sometimes vote solitary and alone with the major-
ity upon this floor. I have done it,several times
upon this bill, and I have done it repeatedly upon
other measures, as Senators will remember. Com-
plaints, bitter, long, loud, and deep, are coming
up against me from my own State. But, sir, I
came here for the purpose of aiding and assisting
in putting down this rebellion; for the. purpose of
doing everything in my power to put it down and
to restore the country once more to that peace
which blessed us all in days gone by. Everything
that I can do in that good work I am ready to do.
All the prejudice that I can remove from the pop-
ular mind 1 am ready to remove.
But, sir, we must recollect that it will not do
for us to take lessons from the rebels. Ours is a
different work. They are seeking to estrange the
people, the North from the South. They commit
barbarities and cruelties in order to prevent ever-
lastingly any reunion between the North and the
South. Is not that their desire? What, on the
other hand,is ours? Isit not to reunite this coun-
try from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the
shores of the northern lakes to the Gulf of Mex-
ico } Certainly it is. It is to cement once more
in a bond of affection all the elements of wealth,
of prosperity, and of greatness in this country.
That is our object; that is our mission. Their
mission is to tear us asunder, to keep us apart,
never to mcetagdin with the old flag floating over
every State of the Union. They may commit
barbarities and cruelties; but it, is not for us to
commit them. Ours is a different mission.
Then, sir, I offer this amendment in good faith,
and I desire Senators to consider it. If you pass
this bill as it now stands, it will be said at once
you impose a fine upon the criminal; you exclude
any payment whatever to his loyal creditors; and
you thereby say that a man who is loyal, even
among rebels, is sufficiently tainted to lose that
which he may hold m the shape of a debt against
them; that he is contaminated by being among
them. Do not pass any such legislation as that.
Again, it will be said that although you had the
right to forfeit all the propeity of the rebel, yet,
m reality, you forfeited nothing but his slaves,
and even went beyond the provisions of the Con-
stitution in doing that by declaring that the negio
should be free, not forfeiting him to the Govern-
ment. You take all the other pioperty of the rebel
and put it into the Tieasury; but the negro you
turn free. We can avoid all that, and it is a very
easy thing to avoid it. Let all the property, in-
cluding the slave, be forfeited to the Government
of the United States, and if the Government can-
not hold him, let him go.
Mr. CLARK. I think every one of the prop-
ositions presented by the Senator from Missouri
has been under the consideration of the Senate
and has been voted down, except the amendment
which he presents in a differentshape. The Sen-
ate have refused, by a separate and distinct vote,
to strike out the provision in this first section in
regard to the slaves. They have refused, by a
separate and distinct vote, to strike out the first
section. They have refused, by a separate and
distinct vote, to make a provision in regard to the
debts; and they have refused, by a separate and
distinct vote, to strike out the eleventh section, in
regard to the employment of people of African
descent. I do not propose to detain the Senate a
moment upon either of these considerations fur-
ther than to say that the Senator was present in
committee when tins first section was suggested,
and it was endeavored by the committee to make
a section which should avoid the very question
which he now wants to bung up. It was the aim
of the committee to impose a fine and imprison-
ment which should be distinct, and avoid the ques-
tion that he now suggests.
I desire to make a suggestion to him in regard
to a word oi two that fell from him, because I
think they were not gravely considered. I think
that Senator is convinced that nobody here wishes
