1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comes a great nuisance. It is for the purpose of
improving the drainage there that it is necessary
to keep this wall in repair. Otherwise, " the yel-
low Tiber, chafing with her shores," would leave
a very offensive deposit. I think that as a sani-
tary measure this appropriation is necessary. The
creek is not walled over, as most sewers in the
city'are, and it is necessary that the side walls at
least should be built up.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. Will the gentleman
from Maryland permit me to call his attention to
the language of this clause:
For repairing the stone wall of Tiber creek, in the botanic
garden.
He will see that his remarks are applicable to
some other portion of the creek.
Mr. WEBSTER. No, sir. I am perfectly
aware of the language of the clause, and I am
speaking on that very subject. It is that part of
the Tiber which drew my attention. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a very small item
indeed; and I am sorry to trespass on the House
about it. My friend from Maryland, however,
ought to recollect that the flow of water down this
celebrated stream is somewhat impeded by another
cause—by the ebb and flow of the tide, which
makes deposits. The present condition of the
Tiber is very similar to what it has been for cer-
tainly several years past, and there has been 110
complaint about it. It dops seem to me to be
exceedingly unwise to increase the appropriations
for the public grounds at this time.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out the following clause:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agriculture and rural economy, and the pro-
curement, propagation, and distribution of cuttings and
seeds, §60,000: Provided, however, That m the expenditure
of this appiopriation, and especially in the selection of cut-
tings and seeds for distribution, due regaid shall be had to
the puiposcs of general cultivation and the encouragement
of ttie agricultural and rural interests of all pat ts of the
United States.
In ordinary times this appropriation for the dis-
tribution of seeds may be well enough; but I think
that in the present state of the country it ought
to be dispensed with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am probably a little more
identified with the agricultural interests of the
West than my friend from Ohio is. I am opposed
to the amendment offered by him. The appro-
priation made for this purpose by the last Con-
gress was $60,000, and by preceding Congresses
$40,000. A large proportion of this amount has
been annually expended in the erection of build-
ings in connection with what is called the propa-
gating garden. I understand that within the last
four years something near seventy thousand dol-
lars has been thus expended. I understand that
a large portion of this amount, ostensibly appro-
y priated for the benefit of the agricultural interest
of the country, has been expended right here at
the capital for purposes of doubtful utility. Of
the seeds purchased and sent out to the country,
the greater portion have been such as are adapted
to a southern climate and for the use of the south-
ern States. It seems to me that, even in these
times, we should not be justified in at once aban-
doning all appropriations for the benefit of that
great interest upon which the country rests for its
prosperity and support—I mean the great agricul-
tural interest. I think it would be taken as a bad
indication in the country if Congress were at this
time to abandon this whole enterprise. I am will-
ing, however, to reduce the appropriation named
in the bill from $60,000 to $30,000, and I will move
that it be so reduced, and that the following pro-
viso be added:
Provided further, That not more than .$3,000 of this ap-
propriation'shall be applied for the purposes of the propa-
gating garden.
I presume at least one third the whole appro-
priation would otherwise be appropriated lor the
use of these gardens, from which the country at
large would receive very Utile benefit. I am will-
ing that there should be a small expenditure for
this purpose; but I think the great body of the
appropriation should go for the benefit of the agri-
cultural interest of the country.
Mr. COX. I suppose 110 further amendment
would now be in order; for I understand that an
amendment has been offered, and ail amendment
to the amendment. I desire, however, to say a
word in relation to the general question. I do not
think this is the time to apply the process of cut-
ting down to this appropriation for the great agri-
cultural portion of our people. Of all other times
this is the very time when that interest should be
cared for most essentially. There are some par-
ticular items of our agriculture which are becom-
ing more important in view of the state of affairs
which now exists in the country.
I have received suggestions from the secretary
of our State board of agriculture in Ohio, in
reference to beet sugar which has been experi-
mented on there within the last few months most
successfully It may bccome neccssary, in the
course of a few months, in view of the heavy tax
laid upon the importation of sugar, and in view
of the crop of Louisiana being cut off, so far as
our consumption is concerned, to adopt the plan
of Prance, and raise our own sugar. It is cer-
tainly worth our attention to continue the experi-
ments that have been made, and see whether we
cannot raise our own sugar.
Another article to which I think we should di-
rect our attention in making our appropriations
for the benefit of agriculture, is cotton. There
has been a good deal in the papers lately in refer-
ence to Peruvian cotton. I think it is for the inter-
est of this Government, especially in the present
condition of affairs, to see that the culture of that
cotton in our country is encouraged. I am, there-
fore, opposed to cutting down this appropriation
for the benefit of agriculture. With the permis-
sion of the House I will read a few lines from a
letter received from a gentleman probably better
acquainted with the agricultural interests of the
West than any gentleman in that portion of the
country. He says:
" One thing more—and pardon me for speaking plainly—
there has been an almost annua] appropriation of llfty to
sixty thousand dollars for seeds imported from Europe,
t'lease permit me to saythat,so far as the selection of these
seeds heretofore, at least, is concerned, that it has been
just that amount of money tin-own away. It is all right
"that seeds aie purchased, but they should be selected with
caie and judgment. The present is a time when we in the
West will require all the encouragement, so far as agricul-
ture is concerned, that we can eet from the Government,
either State or national. Send some one who is familiar
with the soil and chmate of the West; let him go to Ger-
many and the shores of the Baltic and select seeds; make
it a sine qua non that he shall see the soil on which the
seeds grew, and use his judgment in determining whether
the soil is analogous to that of oms in the West. The cli
mate there is more like ours than England's or Prance's is
like ours. Fmthcimore we want someone to visit the
beet-ioot sugat manuuictories of France and Germany.
From expei mients made here in the vicinity ot Columbus,
we aie prepared to demonstrate that sixty tons of sugar-
beets can be giowit to the acre; and within the past thiee
weeks we have made a splendid article of sugar from them.
< Think of that !'as FalstalTsays."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think here is a matter
that deserves some little care on the part of this
agricultural department. If it is to be kepi up let
it be kept up to some purpose, and not expend the
money we appropriate on sending out seeds which
areof no value, not worth looking after when they
have been distributed.
I hope this appropriation will not be stricken
out. If it is not, I give notice that, at the pioper
time, I shall move an amendment, instructing this
agricultural bureau as to its duties, and directing
its attention specially to the culture of sugar and
cotton.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to ask whether ail
amendment is now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. Two amend-
ments are already pending.
Mr. MAYNARD. One amendment I under-
stand to be to strike out the whole clause of the
bill. The other is, to amend the part proposed to
be stricken out. Is it not in order to amend that
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] would be in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose, then, to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. LOVEJOY. J rise to a question of order.
I asked the Chair whether any amendment would
bo in order, and he answered in the negative. If
an amendment is 111 order, I claim the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman to inquire whether any further amend-
ment to the clause ofthe bill.would be in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Any motion on which I could
make some remarks.
The SPEAKER; ' The %entlewan, from Ten-
nessee is entitled to: &e floor.' ' - '
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose te amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana by in-
creasing the appropriation" rto $60,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is tfe isUih rfatti^dfm
the bill. : ■ r 1
Mr. MAYNARD. That is true sTbinf tlie b'if
does not contain the-proviso of thegeVitleiftanV ana
my amendment is therefore in order. " • S" "/■*
Mr. Chairman, I have on several WcdagioTKi'
remarked in reference to these appropriation^ in
former sessions. One year the sum of $-60,006
was reduced to $40,000 in our appropriations, but
the succeeding year the appropriation was again
raised to where it formerly stood, and where it
now stands in this bill. So far from striking it
out, I would be for making it larger; and so Jar
from confining the operations of this Department
to mere clerkships in the Patent Office, I would
make an independent agricultural bureau. This
is the only appropriation, I believe, which is made
by Congress which recognizes at all thfe great
overshadowing interest of the country; for the
American people are to a very great extent an agri-
cultural people. This is the only appropriation,
so far as I am aware, which looks to the benefit
or advantage or encouragement of this species of
industry. I question whether the same thing can
be. said of any other civilized Government in the
world.
I do not agree with those who say that no.ben-
efit has resulted to the people from the operations
of these appropriations. My observations and
my iinformation are quite tho reverse of that. I
know we have had a great many sneering remarks
wheneverthe matter has came up on former occa-
sions. We have been told that the seeds sentout
would never come up; we have heard of cabbage
seeds which, if they did come up, turned out to
be something else besides cabbages, and that all the
operations of this Department have proved of no
benefit to anybody; but the experience of those
■who are best informed has been otherwise.
I hope, therefore, we shall retain the whole of this
appropriation, especially at this particular time.
Gentlemen-have well spoken of the necessity and
propriety of economy. I am in favor of econo-
mizing to the lost dollar in every public expendi-
ture we are called on to appropriate for; but it
does seem to me that in a time like this, when
the agricultural community are to be visited by
the tax-gatherer to exact from them a portion of
their earnings in order to carry on the operations
of the Government, it is a very ungracious task
to commence the proposed economy by taking
away the very small amount we have been accus-
tomed to appropriate from year to year for their
benefit.
I hope, therefore, that this appropriation will
be retained. The proviso already in the bill was
inserted, if I mistake not, two years ago, and I
am willing the proviso of the gentleman from In-
diana shall be further added, but I am not willing
that the amount shall be reduced.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I oppose'the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, though
I did not hear what it was. [Laughter.] I am
told that it was to increase the appropriation as
fixed by the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana. I will state one reason which I believe
has not been stated in this debate why we should
cut down this appropriation. Two years ago, if
I remember correctly, the appropriation for this
purpose was reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means at $40,000. Congress increased the
appropriation to $60,000 on ruction, I think, of
thegentleman from Tennessee, who last addressed
the committee. I had the pleasure of supporting
him in that motion, and of addressing some re-
marks to the House in favor of the increase. I
did it then because there was a plethora in the
Treasury, and because there were then thirty-four
States to apply the appropriation to. Now there
are only some sixteen or eighteen, and there is
therefore this additional reason why the appropri-
ation should be diminished rather than increased.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman will permit
me, I desire to correct him as to a statement of
! fact.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have little further to say.
I am in favor of reducing this appropriation to
$30,000, and I have always been m favor of doing
something for the agricultural interest of the coun-
