1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the assessment and collection. Thatpercentum
would be the amount which it would cost the
United States. It is easy enough to have thatac-
ctiralely estimated. But the learned gentleman
from Vermont—my friend from Vermont—stated,
I believe, among other things, that he deemed it
impossible to make such provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, addressed a re-
iruuk to Mr. Eliot not audible to the reporters.
Mr. ELIOT. My friend from Vermont desires
to know if I was personal when I took back
the word "learned." I had applied the word
44 [earned" to him, but recollecting that that is a
phrase familiarly used in courts, and not here in
committee, I withdrew the word. It attaches em-
phatically to my friend from Vermont. He is
learned in tariffs and learned in taxes, beyond per-
adventure. In this connection I cannot but in-
dulge myself m the pleasure of saying, that after
examining this work as it came from the hands
of the committee, I have felt that we, all of us,
were under obligation to those gentlemen for the
care and skill and labor bestowed upon it. Now,
sir, it shall be considered that "learned" reat-
taches.
But, I was going to say that the gentleman from
Vermont was under the impression that this
amendment could not, in its nature, be made, be-
cause of the license and stamp and other provis-
ions in the bill. I understood the question to be
asked by him, how could the stamp system be
carried out, or how could the license system be
made effectual? Mr. Chairman, I have endeav-
ored to see what possible difficulty there would
be, so far as the license system is concerned, but
I confess that thus far I am unable to see it. Li-
censes are to be paid for certain kinds of business,
and the amounts thereof are fixed by the bill. I
cannot see why State officers may notdo the work
as well as Federal officers—justas thoroughly and
effectually. They will get as much money for
licenses as Federal officers will, and they will be
supposed to know more thoroughly the business
and extent of it than Fedeial appointees. So far
as the stamps are concerned, 1 believe, if I under-
stand the bill, that this is a mere regulation like
the regulation for post office stamps. That is to
say, stamps for certain values and for certain pur-
poses are to be prepared under the direction of the
authorities at Washington, and are to be distrib-
uted for use. If I am right about that, then it
would seem as if there was no difficulty about this
matter. The State officers who now assess and
collect taxes can carry out the provisions in re-
gard to licenses and stamps as well as officers
appointed by the General Government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe I have noted, so
far as 1 remember them, the various objections
that have been made so far as the principle of the
amendment is concerned. I have not discussed
the particular plan winch I have proposed. I do
not care to do that in detail. The general idea of
the plains that any State which sees fit to accept
the work of assessing and collecting this revenue
by its own officers within its own borders, and
will, by proper and suitable legislation, provide
by a bill in its details for the execution of that
work, shall have the authority so to do. The State
would thus lift the load which would otherwise be
carried by the General Government, performing
the duties within its limits which otherwise the
General Government, by the officers of its ap-
pointment, would perform; the State, as I have
said, providing by proper legislation that the pro-
visions of this act shall be properly and fairly car-
ried out.
That is the theory of the amendment. The State
having, through its executive, notified the Presi-
dent that it is determined to execute this work,
the territory of the State would not be districted
by the General Government, but, under the legis-
lation of the State, the work would be done, and
the money paid over exactly according to the pro-
visions of the pending bill as it shall pass into a
law. Th<> State officers will pay over the money
at the same time, and comply with this bill itself
in all its provisions precisely as if the work was
done by Fedeial officers, except so far as iclates
to the appointment of Federal officers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, whether that plan or any
other plan to accomplish the object be adopted is j
immaterial. If any such plan can be adopted, now |
it seems to me is the time when this committee j
should say so. If in their judgment more can be >
adopted, Jet us ascertain the fact and then go to work
harmoniously to perfect and complete tne bill.
Mr. Chairman, if there are any persons who
are disposed to throw obstacles in the way of this
legislation, who are disposed to find fault in ad-
vance with the action of the committee or of the
House, who are disposed now to begin a fight
before the people of the United States through the
Congress of the United States, and to declare rea-
sons why this whole proposition ought not to be
canied, political in their character, tending rather
to results beyond the present than to the oper-
ations of the hour, I have no sympathy with tnem
at all. It seems to me that what we want to do
is to perfect this bill for the people at the earliest
practicable time.
It is said that all tax bills are odious. I know
it has been so said; but, sir, 1 hope the time will
come when an exception will be found to that rule.
This tax bill, if it be carefully prepared, and hon-
estly matured with an eye single to carrying out
the purpose of the people in sending us here will,
I apprehend, find favor with the people. Itis not
the tax bill that is odious, but it is the rebellion
which has made the tax bill necessary, that is
odious with the people. That is odious, and that
alone; and the people will look to us, whether it
be done by Federal appointees or by the ap-
pointees of the States, with one eye; they speak to
us with one voice saying, " tax us; wc wait to be
taxed, whatever property we have is at the ser-
vice of the Government for the purpose of putting
down the rebellion."
This war is a war of the people against rebel-
lion, and to subdue treason; and being the peo-
ple's war, the people's money should carry it on.
I believe that a tax bill may be so made that it will
not be an odious bill. That, in some respects,
there will be interests which will suffer, must be
the case; but upon the whole, I think if wc go to
work, like brothers, as we ought to go to work,
and make the bill as perfcctas we can, the people
will receive it at our hands contentedly, and pay
the amounts which by the bill they will be called
on to pay.
Mr. STEVENS. I am glad the gentleman from
Massachusetts announced that when this amend-
ment is decided this question shall be considered
as settled during the balance of the discussion
upon this bill, for I remember it was discussed at
great length at the extra session. The sameprop-
osition was then submitted; and after a long dis-
cussion the House decided that the scheme was
impracticable, and it was rejected. If the House
should come to the same resolution in relation to
this pioposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, the main question will be settled, and I
hope it will not be deemed discourteous in me in
saying, that as it was discussed nt great length,
and I suppose by every person nearly who wishes
to take part in it yesterday, when this same ques-
tion was practically under consideration, it will
be right in me when I have made a few remarks
in reply to the gentleman, to ask the committee to
rise and close the general debate upon this bill,
having the right of course to offer amendments
and discuss them, under the five minutes rule. It
will be seen by every gentleman that at the rate
of progress we are now making this bill will not
be finished in ninety days.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I wish to tres-
pass upon the gentleman's indulgence for a mo-
ment, if he will allow me, for the purpose of call-
ing his attention to a point in reference to which
his memory seems to be a little at fault. The
gentleman says this proposition was made and
rejected in the session of last summer. Now, sir,
I have before me the fifty-third section of that act
as it was ultimately passed, and which contained
the section thirty-nine, to which reference was
made yesterday, allowing the States to assume a
certain quota of the taxes provided by the bill,
and also contains the clause, being identical in its
scope and meaning with that proposed now by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I have read
it carefully. Itis the provision which was after-
wards accepted by the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported to the House, and passed by the
House. It was agreed to in the Senate, although
the bill was amended in many other particulars,
and stands in the act as it became a law. I will
read it:
"That any Slate or Territory and the District of Colum-
bia may lawfully assume, astcss>, collect, and pay into the
Treasury of the-United- States the direct tax,t>r its quota
thereof, imposed by this act upon the State, Territory, or
the District of Columbia, in its own way and manner, by
and through its own officers, assessors, and collectors; tbjat
it shall be lawful to use for this purpose the Jast or any
subsequent valuation list or appraisal made by "State t>r
territorial authority for the, purpose of State or territorial
taxation therein." ' ,
That section is there, and the other section,.the
thirty-ninth section, to which the gentleman yes-
terday referred, relating to a State assuming1 its
quota of the direct tax, is there also.
Mr. STEVENS. It is exactly a3 I Said yes-
terday. The Committee of Ways and Means re-
ported a proposition that the direet tax might, be
assumed by the States, and that when that was
done there should be no proceeding to collect ,a
direct tax by the Federal Government under this
law. A direct tax imposed upon the State must
be apportioned in a particular way, in accordance
with the provision of the Constitution, and there
could be no difficulty in ascertaining what should
be the quota to be paid by each State, and there
could be no difficulty, therefore, in allowing each
State to assume its quota. But there was no pro-
vision by which the income tax could be assumed
in that way, and it would be wholly impossible
to make such a provision, because it is impossi-
ble to ascertain what that would be until the assess-
ors had made their valuation m every instance.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man allow me once more to say a word, although
I am exceedingly reluctant to interrupt him? I
did not mistake the fact. I now have both bills
before me, and I hope I shall be pardoned for call-
ing the attention of the committee to the point I
state. In the original bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, section thirty-nine
contained the provision to which the gentleman
refers, allowing each State to assume its quota of
the direct tax and collect it in its own way. A
discussion occurred on that section, as the gen-
tleman says. But the proposition of other gen-
tlemen, and which finally prevailed, was that the
States ought to be allowed to collect not only their
direct tax in their own way, but that they ought
to be permitted to collect the income and other
taxes by directing their assessors and tax gath-
erers to assess, collect, and pay over to the Fed-
eral Government whatever it directed to be col-
lected. Upon that proposition a struggle arose,
as was stated yesterday, but it prevailed in com-
mittee in the form of a resolution to recommit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
instructions to report such a section. We went
into the House, debated it, and then carried it on
the yeas and nays. A sub-committee was ap-
pointed, consisting of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Horton] anu my colleague, [Mr. Corning,]
and perhaps one other gentleman,, and by that
sub-committee the bill was reported, leaving this
thirty-ninth section standing, as the gentleman
has said, but following it with section fifty-three
of tTie bill, as it is now, to allow the States to as-
sume their quota. It was a section distinct by
itself, in accordance with the instruction which
the House had given to the committee to enable
the States, through their own tax gathering in-
strumentalities, without assuming their quota, to
go on and collect their taxes. Thus the proposi-
tions were separate and distinct. The discus-
sions upon them were separate and distinct, going
upon differentgrounds. They were both reported
and both adopted by the House, and now stand
upon the statute-book as both being neccssary in
order to effcct the purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. It amounts to this; that the
whole discussion was on the direct tax which we
allowed the States to assume, although it will be
remembered, when we passed that bill and sent it
to the Senate, that it had no portion of the income
tax in it. It referred simply to the direct tax, and
it came back with this income tax attached to it by
the Senate. It was after that that all of this dis-
cussion arose.
Now, sir, I will discuss for a moment the feas-
ibility of the present amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.] In
the first place, sir, it is well known that we
have incurred or authorized a debt amounting to
$800,000,000. A portion of the interest upon that
debt will be due between this and the end of six
months. The bonds of the United States must be
based upon the assurance that this tax will be a
tax made out in such a way that it can be col-
