THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
lected. That ought to be all donebefore Congress
rises, or else you defer it until the new machinery
comes into operation. How is this State ma-
chinery, if practicable at all, to come into opera-
tion. By the time we have passed this bill, in
whatever shape it may be, all the State Legisla-
tures, except perhaps that of New Hampshire,
which meets later, will have exhausted their ses-
sions and have adjourned, some for one and some
for two years. Many of the States, Maryland
among the rest, hold their sessions once in two
yjars. The Kentucky Legislature has adjourned.
The Legislature of Maryland will adjourn soon.
Mr. CALVERT. It has already adjourned.
Mr. STEVENS. Adjourned for two years.
If we leave this to the States, one of two things
must happen. Either we will have to wait for
two years before we get a response from the
States, or an extra session of every one of these
States must be called. I submit to the gentlemen
w;lio are anxious about the cost whether they will
not, for these extra sessions, consume more money
tljap can possibly be saved in making a difference
between the Federal and State collections. I sub-
mit thatit will be so. So that in point of economy
there would not be a dollar saved, but money
would be lost. If you allow them to wait until
the Legislatures meet by constitutional authority,
then you have defeated the whole object of the
bill. Then there is not a man in the country who
has a dollar to lend who will lend it upon your
bonds. ^ They are based upon this taxation and
its efficient mode of collection. That is one in-
superable objection, if there were none other.
I ask the gentleman to inform me wherein this
proposition differs from the proposition made in
the old Confederation under the Articles of Con-
federation. By the Articles of Confederation,
every State was to have designated by Congress
the quota which was to be assessed upon it, and
the States, under the Articles of Confederation,
pledged their honor that they would faithfully
carry out such requests. Yet, sir, so few of
them complied promptly, so few of them com-
plied at all, that that very defect in the organiza-
tion of the old Confederation was one of the main
causes which led to the calling of the convention
to amend the Constitution, and produced our pres-
ent Constitution, enabling Congress to act upon
the individuals themselves m the States by its own
legislation instead of operating through State ma-
chinery, which is so uncertain. Can the commit-
tee think that the States would now be more
prompt in carrying it out than they wore under
the solemn pledge of the Articles of Confedera-
tion ? There is no controlling power; there is no
means of coercing the States to do it. If there be
delinquencies, they are not delinquencies which
can be remedied by this Congress or Government
when you have once referred to the States in the
manner suggested by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. How idle it is to lay a tax which coer-
cion cannot collect?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] in-
forms us in somewhat of a minatory manner of
the tremendous clamor that his bill will raise. He
told, us that a voice is to come up here which will
shake this Hall, and make even the firmest of us
tremble in our boots. [Laughter.] Ilow are you
going to coerce those States which are to make
such terrific clamor? 1 am not denying in this
connection theremarksof the gentleman. 1 know
how unpleasant taxes are, and the patriotism with
which my fnend from Massachusetts has assailed
this bill. When they come to pay these taxes I
know that they will make wry faces. They will
£iisl'1Cte 't- 11 is not' 'lowcvei') the tax gatherer
they hate so much as the taxes. If you forgive
them the taxes, you may send tax gatherers every
day in the year. The only way that that diffi-
culty can be avoided is to remit the tax. But
we cannot do that. If this be looked upon as a
party measure, and this Administration is to as-
sume the responsibility of this tax, I fully under-
stand the remarks of the gentleman that it will rev-
olutionize this Government. I do notsupposethat
there is relieving energy enough in this Adminis-
tration to take away the odium of this measure,
and to return enough of its fiiends to the next
House to make a majority. I do not expect that.
I expect to see this majority superseded. Very
well. Ifyou have noprovision in the bill by which
the payment of these taxes can be coerced, they
will never be paid. The Representatives here will I
act to represent their constituents, who will turn
us out of power, and who will, of course, desire
that no taxes may be collected. Some system will
then be adopted more consonant to the feelings of
the people,and more in accordance with the wishes
of demagogues, than that which we are devising
for the purpose of enforcing this tax. We in-
tend to lay this tax, and to take the chances of
that tremendous voice which is to hurl us from
power.
There is another reason which compels us not
only to lay the tax, but to provide the machinery
for collecting it. I know that there will be changes
of Congressmen and of Executives in the muta-
tions of party and the revolutions in this House.
I think that my friend will see when this House is
revolutionized, when State after State has changed
its aspect before the weight of this burden, that
there is all the more necessity for laying this tax
now and providing the means of coercing its pay-
ment. Let us have a tax that will last during this
war, and which cannot be disturbed by mere res-
olutions of one branch of this Legislature. Sup-
pose the Governor of Virginia should notify us
that she would assume the payment of her portion
of the tax. Which Governor are we to look to ?
"Under which King Bezonian r" Is Virginia
under King Letcher or King Pierpont? I suppose
that the Constitution is to be restored over that
State, and I do not suppose that Virginia has any
other constitutional Governor except Governor
Letcher. When the Constitution is restored there,
I have no doubt that under this bill we can dis-
trict the State, and find loyal men enough to as-
sess and collect this tax. If we do not collect it
to-day, we will next year; and if not next year,
we will the yearafter; and we will pile up on Vir-
ginia her full burden of the taxes which she has
brought upon us. It will be a lien upon her real
estate, and we can collect it.
How can we do that, if we allow those who
have caused this trouble to make the assessment?
We will not know then how much they are to
pay. That is the reason why the President should
be allowed to send agents there who will assess
and collect it. I trust in the course of the sum-
mer we shall be able to assess them. We may
not be able to collect them just yet; but we shall
hold them bound for the taxes, unless our mild
and benevolent friends are too humane to enforce
collection after this people are brought back under
the restored, rejuvenated, and unaltered Consti-
tution. Now, it seems to me that there is an in-
superable objection to that. We are to forgive
our debtors, not as they forgive us; but to forgive
our debtors as they forgive nobody on earth.
[Laughter.] But even if there were no rebellion,
how could you equalize your taxes? If every
State is allowed to assess its own taxes, Pennsyl-
vania would say, let us assess them so as to shirk
our fair share, and throw it upon New York. I
remember that in our State, under the old tax
system, where every county assessed the State
tax for itself, there was one county—I will not
name it, for I do not wish to be invidious—where
their assessors assessed the property at fifty per
cent, of its value, and then their commissioners
go t together and readjusted it, and put it down to
thirty per cent., while many of the counties in the
interior taxed their property at its full value; and
hence one county paid its full proportion of the
State tax, while other counties did not pay theirs,
and the State was driven to the necessity of estab-
lishing a board of revenue, to meet every year
and bring up the sunken ones, and if any were
too high—as I believe none were—to bring them
down. Now, would it not be just so with the
States? Have you any reason to suppose that
State corporations would not be just as lenient to
the States as the county corporations were to the
counties? And if so, where is the equalizing
power? But if you keep this machinery within
the power of the United States Government, and
they find that anything of this sort is going on,
the Government can at once discard theirunfaith-
ful agents, and see that the matter is properly ad-
justed. I have seen the iniquity of this system
in my own State, and I understand that it is the
same in other States. Some seven or eight of our
counties got about one third more out of the State
Treasury from the school fund than the whole
tax they paid into it. And I understand that there
was a county in New York where the same thing
occurred. What county was it—Oneida?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENS. Then was it Chemung? I
believe it was. [Laughter.]
Mr. DIVEN. I can only say, then, that the
gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. STEVENS. I am happy to be corrected.
Was it St. Lawrence?
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir; it was not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I am completely at
sea. I know it was a county in New York.
Mr. DIVEN. The gentleman guessed it the
first time he tried.
Mr. STEVENS. What was it?
Mr. DIVEN. Oneida.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Oh, no; the only
pretext for saying that, is this, that there was a
time when the county of Oneida, which is the
most enlightened part of the State of New York,
was assessed in such a way that its valuation was
not a great deal higher than that of Onondaga,
Chemung, and other third-rate counties. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. Oneida is the most inge-
nious county in the State of New York in avoid-
ing taxes. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I give it all credit. But I
merely mention these things for illustrations, for
nothing illustrates an argument so well as a fact,
and I hope that no one objects to the statement of*
facts merely as illustrations.
Now, sir, I think I have given reasons enough
why this amendment should not be adopted.
There have been objections made to the number
of officeholders which this bill creates. Why,
sir, will there be any more officeholders if they
are appointed by the United States than if they
are appointed by the States? Would they go to
any more houses? Would they frighten any more
people? I dare say, if the States had this matter
under their control, these officers would not go to
so many houses, and the people might in that way
be relieved; but I cannot otherwise perceive where
the difference is between the two. The President
is to appoint but a single collector and a single
assessor in each collection district, and they are
to do the work. They have the power, if they
cannot do it themselves, to appoint assistants for
whom they are responsible. The assistant as-
sessors make their returns to the chief assessor,
and he makes a return to the collector as well as
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue here;
so that it may always be known, by three differ-
ent records, exactly what amount is collected, and
how these officers are performing their duties.
An assessor, if he can do all the work himself,
may do it, of course.
Mr. ELIOT. The bill provides that he shall
divide his district into a convenient number of
sub-divisions, and shall appoint an assistant as-
sessor for each.
Mr. STEVENS. He may make it one district.
Mr. ELIOT. There is a provision that the
collector, if he can do so, may do the whole work
himself; but the assessor must appoint assistant
assessors.
_ Mr. STEVENS. Very well; he may make two
districts, and appoint one assistant, and do the
work of the other himself. There is no danger
that he will appoint too many assistants, for their
compensation is all to come out of his fees. It
does not increase the expense to the Government
one dollar.
I move that the committee do now rise, for the
purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the W^hole on the state of theUnion
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the tax bill shall close in five minutes after the
committee shall lesuine the consideration of the
bill. That closes the general debate only, and
leaves the five minutes debate.
Mr. OLIN. I beg of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that he will not press that motion. Un-
doubtedly the pending amendment has been suf-
ficiently debated, and the committee is probably
prepared to vote upon it. I have no objection to
the gentleman's limiting debate upon that amend-
ment to one minute if lie chooses, but there are
