218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
try. As I have already stated, I think that it is one
of the most important there is. I know that our
farmers prize these things; and from personal ex-
perience, I know many of the seeds and cuttings
which have been distributed have been of great
service to agriculture. I have tried a great many of
them myself. Some I know have been nuisances,
but generally they have been of advantage to our
fanners. I ao not therefore wish the whole appro-
priation stricken out. I think that the amount of
$30,000, as proposed, will be enough.
Mr. HOLMA.N. I will say this to my friend,
that, with the little attention J have been able to
give this subject, if you limit the appropriation to
$30,000 you will have about the same sum for the
legitimate purpose of purchasing trees and cuttings
as under former appropriations.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I will correct the gentleman.
I think that $60,000 is the least amount Congress
appropriated for this object since I have been a
member of Congress. It seems to me that this
is not the appropriate time for diminishing this
amount, when the Piesident and the Secietary of
the Interior have recommended that an agricul-
tural bureau should be established. Probably
that will be done. I have no doubt that there have
been abuses in this matter, as there have been in
every Department of the Government; but I do
not Itnow why the only thing that looks to the
interests of agriculture should be pounced upon
and cut down—that economy should alone'be
practiced upon it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If thegentleman will refer
to the Globe of the last session he will find that
the Committee of Ways and Means only reported
in favor of $40,000, which, on motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, was increased to $60,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means reported an appropnation of $40,000,
which was increased to ^60,000 by the action of
the House and Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. i am in favor of an agricul-
tural bureau at the proper time; but I do not think
that now is the proper time when we are engaged
in a war of vast proportions.
The question recuned on Mr. Matnard's
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Holmax.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
forty, noes not counted.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Maynarp were appointed.
Mr. COX moved that the committee rise.
Mr. WICKLIPEE. I hope that the committee
will rise. We cannot get through with this bill
to-night; and it will not be time thrown away if
we devote our attention to looking into these va-
rious item.5? of appropriation.
Mr. COX. What will be the condition of the
question if we rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be on
the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed die chair, Mr. Campbell reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
jgeneially under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 154, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and additional
appropriations for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1862,and had come to no resolution thereon.
DEMAND TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. SPAULD1NG. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report fi om the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill to authorize the issue
of demand Treasury notes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is the bill
relating to the $100,000,000 of demand notes.
Mr. SPAULDING. it is.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived. read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union, and ordered to be printed. |
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU. j
Mr. LOYEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro- i
duccd a bill to establish an Agricultural and Sta- '
tistieal Bureau; which was read a first and second j
time by its title, and referred to the Committee |
on Agriculture. !
DEAD HORSES.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlic Secretary of War be directed to de-
tail some officer to confer with the Mayor of this city in
order to effect the removal of the dead horses which are
lying unburied within and without the corporation limits*.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
beg leave to present certain petitions for the aboli-
tion of slavery generally. Regarding the right of
petition as sacred, I feel it to be my duty to present
these petitions; but at the same time I must say
that,in my judgment, Congress has not the power
to grant the prayer of the petitioners. I move
that they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND SURVEYS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the survey of grants or
claims of land; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and refeircd to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
INDIAN INTERCOURSE.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill extending the laws now
in force regulating the trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes to the Indian reservations of
California; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. BIDDLE, (at
twenty-eight minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 8, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretai y of the Treasury com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 9th of December, 1861, information
in relation to the appointment of a special agent
by that Department in the State of Minnesota;
which was read, laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the message of the President, transmitting
correspondence relative to the employment of a vessel to
convey contubutions to the inductia! exhibition to beheld
in London m the course of the present year, be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
TERRITORIAL ACTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate copies of the acts, resolutions, and memorials
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Utah during the tenth annual session for
the years 1860 and 1861; which were referred to
the Committee on Territories.
LEGISLATURE Of KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I am charged
withcertainresolutions of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky that I beg leave to present to the Senate.
I ask that they may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolution cuncui ning the Federal Courts for the District of
Kentm kij.
Resolved by the General *A$sembhi of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, Thatour Senators in the Congressot'the Uni-
ted States be m&mieted. and out Repie-enidtives requested,
to proeme the ol an act of Congress repealing so
much of any act n< au tlioii7.es the judire-s of the cueuit and
district courts ot the United States lor the district of Ken-
tucky to hold terms of said courts at Covington, i'adueah,
and the city of Louisville.
RICHARD A. BUCKNER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOIIN F FiSK.
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved, Decembei 23. 1861.
B. MAGOFFIN-.
By the Governor:
Nat. G.vither, jr., Secretary of State.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the resolution
be printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.' POWELL. I also present resolutions of
the Commonwealth of Kentucky in relation to the
construction of a railroad to connect Kentucky
with East Tennessee and West North Carolina.
I ask that they may be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
The attention of this Legislature having been called to the
following passage in the recent message of President Lin-
coln to the Congiess of the United States : <e I deem it of
importance that the loyal regions of Eastern Tennessee and
Western North Caiolina should be connected with Ken-
tucky, and other faithful paits of the Union, by raihoad. I
theiefoic recommend, as a military measure, that Congress
piovide for the construction of such a road as speedily a<?
possible. Kentucky will, no doubt, cooperate, and, tin ough
her Legislatuie, make the most judicious selection of the
line. The noithem terminus must connect with some ex-
isting railroad; and whether the route shall be from Lex-
ington or Nicholawille to Cumberland Gap, oi from Leb-
anon to the Tennessee line, in the direction of Knoxville,
or some still dilfeient line, can easily be determined. Ken-
tucky and the General Government cooperating, the work
can be completed in a vciy shoit time; and when done, it
will not only be of vast present usefulness, but also an
available peimanent improvement, worth its cost in all the
future;'' and deeming it proper to express an early and em-
phatic inducement of the iccoinmendation • Therefor^,
1. Be U resolved by the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky,'That this General Assembly does mo&t
coidially approbate the recommendation of the President
of the United States to Congiess for the construction of a
raihoad, lor militaiv purposes, trorn some northern termi-
nus in Kentucky to the State of Tennessee, so as to unite
us with our brethren of East Tennessee ami Western North
Carolina; that we indorse the statement in the message
fully, " that said work, when done, will be not only of va^t
present usefulness, but al&o <ui available peimanent im-
provement, woith its cost in all the future.'1
2. Resolved, That this Legislature will cooperate with
the General Government in the selection of the line of said
road, and m preparations for its speedy completion, by all
suitable enactments necessary to the accomplishment of
the gieat end pioposcd.
3. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be trans-
mitted by the Governor of this Commonwealth to the Pres-
ident of the United States, to be by him laid before Con-
gress; and that our Senators be mstiucted, and that our
ltepiesentatives in Congiess be requested, to urge upon
Congiess the speedy passage of a law carrying out the lec-
ommendation of the President.
RICHARD A. BUCKNER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JOHN F. FISK,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved, December 23,1861.
B. MAGOFFIN.
By the Governor:
Nat. Gaither, jr., Secretary of State.
Mr. POWELL. I move that those resolutions
be printed, and referred to the special committee
that has the matter in charge.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I am charged further with res-
olutions of the General Assembly of Kentucky,
concerning Federal relations, which I present, and
I ask that they may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
1. Resolved by the General Jissembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, That Kentucky has evei cherished and ad-
heted to the Federal Union, and she will cling to it now,
in this time of it-* extremest peril, with unfaltering devotion.
While at the beginning of the mad and wicked war which
is being waged by the rebellious States for the destruction
of the Government, she forbore to take part, in the hope
that she might interpose her friendly offices in the inteiests
of peace, she has, nevei the!ess, -teinly repelled every move-
ment which looked to a change of her political relations to
the noblest and ticestGovernment in the world. And now,
since her proffeicd mediation lias been .spuiued and hei
soil invaded by the oonfrdei.ue armies, she d^etns it fir that
she should announce to the woild that, standing tniuh by
her Government, she u ill resist evetv eftoit to de-troy it;
and she calN upon her tiue and hcioic sono to rath around
the standaid ot their eountiy, and put lbnh the whole ener-
gies of the Commonwealth, till the rebellion shall be over-
thrown and the just supiemaey of the national Government
shall be lestored and maintained eveiywheie within its
limits.
2. Resolved, That the existing civil war, foiced upon the
national Government without cause by the disumorusts,
should not he waged upon the pait ot "the Government in
anv xpiut of oppie&^ion, or toi any pm pose of conquest or
subjugation, oi pin pose ol overthrowing oi mterfeung with
the lights- or e-tuhli&hod institutions of any ot the States,
ftee or slave, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of
the Constitution, and to pre&eivetlie Union with alt the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several Slates unim-
paired ; and th.it as <oon as these objects are accomplished
the wat ought to cease.'*
3. Resolved, That in the adoption of the fotegoiug reso-
lution by the national Congro--^, with unpiccedented una
nimity, at its late session, a rule of action was pro-cubed
to the Government from which it cannot depait without a
disregaid of the, plighted faith of the national J>egi=latiue,
which we would be slow to believe can be -serioiis-ly entei -
taincd. Against any such departure we solemnly p"iotc:st.
4. Resolved, That the puipo>e expressed in saul ievolu-
tion 13 the great end demanded, and that which inspires
Kentucky with patnorie aulor to seek their achievement
with all her lo\al energies and means, in the conlidcnt hope
ol success, and belief that the country saved, in oui tiiumph,
to us and to posterity, will still be glorious in the fieedom
of its people, in the unity of its Government, and the
