is m>.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3161
" And these three—tax, fight", and emancipate—shall be
the trinity of oursalvation. In this sign weshallconquer."
—Hon. F. Jl. Pike, of Maine, February 5,1862.
" Slavery—a public enemy, and ought, therefore, to be
destroyed j a nuisance that must be abated." * * *
* "I reiterate the words used by the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in the. picamble
to his bill now under consideration, 'slavery has caused
this presentrebellion, and there can be no permanent peace
and Union in litis Republic so long as that Institution exists.'
Everybody knows this to be true." * * * *
" Shall we occupy the ridiculous position of having well
nigh exhausted the blood and treasure of a nation to sup-
press a rebellion, and leave the admitted cause of it un-
touched?"— Hon. W. P. Cutler, of Ohio, April 23,1862.
" In ray judgment, an enduring pcace can be secured only
by conquering the rebels, confiscating their propeity, and
emancipating their slaves."—Hon. J. M. Ashley, of Ohio,
May 23, 1862.
I would like to know how many more lives of
northern soldiers than have already been sacri-
ficed does my colleague [Mr. Ashley] suppose it
will take tosuppressthisrebellion, when the south-
ern people come to know and realize that our ob-
ject is to take the life of every rebel, to confiscate
every dollar of rebel property in the rebel States,
and emancipate every slave, and then restore the
Union and maintain the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and the laws? Surely my colleague val-
ues the lives of our soldiers and the misery and
distress of their widows and orphans as of little
worth. I, sir, claim to have more regard for the
lives of my fellow-citizens, and more sympathy
for human suffering and woe, than to prosecute
this war for any other purpose than that avowed
in the Crittenden resolution.
"This is the yme of all others to release the slaves of
rebels. Such law could only be enforced by the Army.
Hence the Army would be on the spot to quell any possible
outbreak."—Hon. J. P.C. Shanks,of Indiana, May 24,1862.
Mr. Hale introduced a bill in the Senate, June
18, providing that whenever the public service re-
quires further enlistment of recruits for the Army,
either of regulars or volunteers, the President of
the United States be authorized and directed to
issue his proclamation to the people of the United
States, inviting enlistments from all the people,
without distinction of race, color, or condition.
Section two enacts that every slave that shall
enlist by virtue of this act, or the proclamation of
the President issued in pursuance thereof, and
shall be received into the mihtaVy service, shall
be immediately and absolutely free from all claim
of service, except that which he submits himself
to by such enlistment.
Section three provides that every person, bond
or free, who shall enlist into the military service
of the United States shall be entitled to all the
wages, bounties, and privileges allowed by law
to any soldier enlisted in the Army.
"All slaveholders and those who sympathize with the
institution of slavery, more or less, sympathize with this
rebellion. I say that this is the cause of the whole difficulty
now, and I think that this nation is false to its own inter-
ests, false to humanity, false to the claims of justice, if it
does not destroy the institution on the occasion now pre-
sented.
" i believe we have the constitutional right to put an end
to slavery m the States in rebellion, and in fact the Pres-
ident intimates pi etty strongly in lus recent proclamation
modifying or repealing General Hunter's, that the time may
soon aiuve, in the progress of this war, when, in the exer-
cise of the power which he unquestionably possesses as
Commander-in-ntuef, he will declare the slaves of all rebels
free."—Hon. John Hutchins, of Ohio, May 24, 1862.
" I rejoice that, while the President saw fit to revoke the
recent sweeping order of G&peral Hunter, he took pains to
couple that revocation words of earnest warning,
which have neither meanm| nor application if they do not
recognize the authority of the Executive, m lus military
discretion, to give freedom tg-the slaves. That tins author-
ity will be executed at no flry distant moment I behuve
most firmly. The language of the President obviously im-
plies it, aud foreshadows it anions the thick coming events
of the future. Conservatives ana%owards may reeoil from
it, and seek to postpone it; but to resist it, unless Congress
shall assume it. will be to wrestle with destiny."—Hon.
George W. Julian, of Indiana, May 23,1862.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague [Mr. Hutci-iins]
and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. JulianJ
have undoubtedly given the proper interpretation
of the President's proclamation, if it has any
meaning or application at all. The following let-
ter from Senator Sumner seems to speak by au-
thority, and 1 therefore quote it as expressing the
views of President Lincoln:
Skv*te Chamber, June 5,1862.
My Dear Sir: Your criticism of the President is hasty,
t am confident that, if you knew him as I do, you would
not make it.
Of course, the President cannot be held responsible for
the misfeasances of subordinates, unless adopted or at least
tolerated by Imu. Aud I am sure that nothing unjust orun-
generous will be tolerated, much less adopted by him.
I am happy to let you know that he has no sympathy with
Stanly, in his absurd wickedness, closing the schools, nor
again in his other act of turning our camp into a hunting
ground for slaves^. He repudiates both—positively. The
fatter point has occupied ihuch of his thought'; and the-
newspapers have not gone too far in recording his repeated
declarations, which 1 have often heard from his own lips,
that slaves finding their way, into the national lines a e
never to be roenslaved. This is his conviction, expressed
without reserve.
Could you have seen the President, as it was my priv-
ilege often, while he was considering the great questions
on which he has already acted—the invitation to emanci-
pation in the States, emancipation in the District of Colum-
bia, and the acknowledgment of the independence of llayti
and Liberia—even your zeal would have been satisfied, for
you would have felt the sincerity of his purpose to do what
he could to carry forward the principles of the Declaration
of Independence. His whole soul was occupied, especially
by the first proposition, which was peculiarly his own. In
familiar intercourse with him, I remember nothing more
touching than the earnestness and completeness with which
he embraced this idea. To his mind, it was just and be-
neficent, while it promised the sure end of slavery.*' Of
course, to me, who had already proposed a bridge of gold
for the retreating fiend, it was most welcome. Proceeding
from the President, it must take its place among the great
events of history.
If you are disposed to be impatient at any seeming short-
comings, think, I prayyou,of what has been done inabrief
period, and from the past discern the sure promise of the
future. Knowing something of my convictions, and of the
ardor with which I maintain them, you may perhaps de-
rive some assurance from my confidence. I say to you,
therefore, stand by the Administration. If need be, help
it by word and act, but stand by it and have faith in it.
I wish that you really knew the President, and had heard
the artless expression of his convictions on those questions
which concern you so deeply. You might, perhaps, wish
that he were less cautious, but you would be grateful that
he is so true to all that you have at heart. Believe me,
therefore, you are wrong, and I regret it the more because
of my desire to see all our friends stand firmly together.
It I write strongly, it is because I feel strongly ; for my
constant and intimate intercourse with the President, be-
ginning with the 4th of March, not only binds me peculiarly
to his administration, but gives me a personal as well as a
political interest in seeing that justice is done him.
Believe me, my dear sir, with much repaid, ever faith-
fully yours, CHARLES SUMNER.
"This is the immense sacrifice we aie making for fiee-
dom and Union ; and yet, is it all to be squandered on a
subterfuge and* chcat? For one, I shall not vote another
dollar or aman foi the waruntil iiassuinesadiflerentstand-
ing, and tends directly to an aiui-slaverv result.'"—Hon
M. F. Conway, of Kansas, jDecember 12, 1861.
" We will break it [slavery] down, destroy it, and over-
throw the institution, if the laws of war, under the Consti-
tution of the country, give us the authority, as I most
solemnly believe they do. I will have no disguise of my
opinions or intentions. My stand upon the subject is open
to all observation. I urn for destroying this hostile institu-
tion in every State that has made war upon this Government;
and if we have military strength enough to reduce them to
possession, X propose to leave not one slave in the wake of
our advancing armies; not one."—Hon. C. F. Sedgwick,
of New York, May 23,1862.
"I would reduce these aristocratic slaveholders to utter
poverty. I know they are conceited ; 1 know they are es-
sentially aristocratic. I am fully peisuaded that their minds
and their feelings are so in antagonism to republican demo-
cratic doctrines that it is impossible to reconcile them, and
we never shall have peace until we have reduced the leaders
to utter poverty and taken thereby their influence away. I
am for doing it It ought to be done."—Senator Wade, of
Ohio, June 25,1862.
I quote again from the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sedgwick:]
"Now, whatever views gentlemen may entertain in re-
gaid to the propriety of accepting the aid of the General
Government in the way in which it was offered, I wish,
sir, to record my belief that with or without aid fiom the
General Government, emancipation will occur in all of the
States of this Union 
" Mr. Wicicliffe. IIow and when
"Mr. Sedgwick. How and when ! I will answer the
gentleman. I hope and believe that befoie this war h* ended
tiie sun will not shine upon a slave upon ail of this conti-
nent.
"Mr. Wickliffe. Thegentleman is for freeing the slaves
under the war power.
"Mr. Sedgwick. I hope the war and slavery will end
together. I have no alarm on the subject.
" Mr. Mallory. The gentleman says that this war will
result in the annihilation of slavery. My regret at such a
consummation would be lessened if we would secure at the
same time his annihilation and that ofsuch as he by hanging.
"Mr. Sedgwick. Ebulitions of impotent passion will
not move me on the subject. I hope that the two things
will end together. I hope that the end of slavery and of this
war wfill be written together upon the same page of the his-
tory of thiscountrv."—Hon. C. F. Sedgwick, June 25,186*2;
"By the laws of peace, it [slavery] was entitled to pro-
tection, and had it. By the laws of war, it is entitled to
annihilation. In God's name, let it still have its rights."—
Hon. John U. Rice, of Maine, May 24, I860.
"The rebels have demanded a 4 reconstruction'on the
basis of slavery; let us give them a 'reconstruction5 on the
basis of freedom. Let usconverttherebelStatesintocon-
quered provinces, remanding them to the status of meie
Territories, and governing them as such in ourdiscretion."
—Hon. G. W< Julian, of Indiana, January 14, 1862.
" Sir, I can no longer agree tiiat this Administration is
pursuing a wise policy." * * * * "lean-
not agree to the policy which is forbidding the employment
and liberation of the&e men. Its policy ought to be to order
our Army, wherever they go, to free the slaves, to enlist
them, to arm them, to discipline them, as they have been
enlUtedrarmed, and.disciplined everywhere else, and as
they can be here, and set them td shooting their masters if
they will not submit to' this Government. Call that savage,
jf you please. Sir, 1 can hardly desire to see inore of my
countrymen called into this,war io help toshootihese mas-
ters and be shot themselves until this policy i adopted,and
until the South shall have rendered upherfull share of men
—freed men—ere others can be expected to tight for the
liberties of the country, and shall have rendered up her full
share of life and treasure. I would not only liherate.them,
but I would seize every foot of land and every dollar of their
property as our armies go along, and put it to the uses of
the war and to the pay ol our debts. I would plant the South
with a military colony if I could not make them submit
otherwise."—Hon. T. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, July 5,
1862.
Mr. Chairman, I might string out these quota-
tions to very great lengthy but as time will not
permit, I will not pursue this branch of the sub-
ject further. I have shown what the leaders here
desire to accomplish in prosecuting this war, and
what interpretation they give to the acts and mes-
sages of the President, whom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] thinks entertains
honest and patriotic views—
" If these might only sway him : but 'tis most certain,
So many new-born flies his light gave life to
Buz in his beams—flesh-flies, and butterflies,
Hornets and humming scarabs—that not one honey bee,
That's loaden witli true labor, and brings home
Encrease and credit, can 'scape rifling;
And what she bucks for sweet, they turn to bitterness:"
The action of a majority of the dominant party
on this floor clearly demonstrates that this war is
not to be prosecuted for the restoration of the Union
as it was, and the Constitution as itis, as the pri-
mary object, but for subjugation, confiscation,
and emancipation; and when these objects are
accomplished, then the Union may be restored,
and, the Constitution allowed to resume its wanted
sway, if, in prosecuting the cherished measure of
these gentlefnen—giving liberty to the slave—we
shall not have lost our own. It is even now claimed
by many gentlemen, and had I the time I would
read many extracts from their speeches, to prove
that they maintain the doctrine that we must have
*4 provisional governments over the districts of
country now in rebellion against the lawful author-
ity of the United States," [Mr. Beaman;] that
" the rebel States are but organized conspiracies,
not constitutional Slates, nor entitled to State
lights"—[Mr. Bingham;] and that " when the
people of these States, by permission of the mili-
tary power, and not before, shall form new consti-
tutions and governments, and ask again to be rep-
resented m the councils of the nation, which they
have so basely abandoned and so traitorously be-
trayed , it may be in the power of Congress to impose
the terms on which they shall be admitted"—[Mr.
Sedgwick.] This doctrine only paves the way
for that other monstrous doctrine avowed by the
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,
[Mr. Stevens,] and which I find in his speech
delivered in this Hall on the 22d day of January
last:
" If no other means were left to save the Republic from
destruction, I believe we have power, under the Constitu-
tion and according to its express provision, to declare adic-
tator, without confining the choice to any officer of the Gov-
ernment. Rather than the nation should perish, I would
do it; rather than seethe nation dishonored by compromise,
concession, and submission; rathei than seethe Union dis-
seveied; nay, rather than see one star stricken from its
banner, all other tilings failing, £ would do it now. Oh,for
six inouths'resurreetion in the flesh of stern old Jackson!"
I can heartily join in this prayer for a " resur-
rection in the flesh of stern old Jackson !" But
I would not like to stand in the shoes of the gen-
tleman, and others I might name—North as well
as South—were the prayer granted.
I now read some extracts showing, not perhaps
with whom the odious and baneful doctrine of se-
cession originated, but who were some of its ear-
liest advocates:
" Any people, anywhere, being inclined and having the
power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing
government, and form a new one that suits them better.
This is a most valuable, a most sacred right—-aright which,
we hope and believe, is to liberate the world. Nor is this
right confined to cases in which the whole people of an ex-
isting government may choose to exercise it. Any portion
of such people that can may revolutionize and make their
own of so much of the territory as they inhabit. More than
this; a majoiity of any portion of sueli people may revolu-
tionize, putting down a mmouty intermingled with or near
about them, who may oppose their movements. Such mi-
nority was precisely the case of the Tories of our own Rev-
olution. It is a quality of revolutions not to go by old lines
or old laws, but to break up both and make new ones."—
Extract from President Lincoln's speech in the House of Rep-
resentatives, January 12,1848. See Appendix to Congres-
sional Globe, first session, Thirtieth Congress, p. 94.
"If the cotton Stales shall become satisfied that they can
