1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
features of this bill which I presume the members
of the House will desire to discuss for a period of
more than five minutes. We can limit the debate
upon the pending amendment, and vote upon it
now. The House can at any moment close de-
date upon any proposition that may be pending
before the committee; and we can thus make prog-
ress in the consideration of the bill; but I hope
the House will not consent to limit the debate
upon the entire bill to a period of five minutes. I
hope there arc some gentlemen in this House who
wiil be able to enlighten the House upon the va-
rious propositions that will come under discussion
in this bill, and they may not be able to do it in
the short period of five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin.] I
am very far, Mr. Speaker, from desiring to cut
off any debate that would enlighten us; but gen-
tlemen are aware that under the five minutes rule
there is not a section of this bill to which twenty
amendments may not be moved, and twenty five-
minute speeches made on them; and if gentlemen
have any faculty of expression they can say all
that they desire to say in these five minute speeches.
I believe that the best debating I have ever heard in
this House has always been under the five min-
utes rule. I hope, therefore, that the House will
sustain the motion that I make.
Mr. OLIN. Let me say one word in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I know that
very often occurs in this House, when there is 110
limit to debate, just what has occurred on this
occasion. In my judgment, one of the most ab-
surd propositions that could possibly be enter-
tained by the House, has been made and discussed
here for nearly halfa day. I begpardonofthegen-
tlemen who were engaged in that discussion, my-
self included. But, after all, my friend from Penn-
sylvania is not quite accurate when he says that
there js no principle involved in this bill which a
gentleman may not discuss in five minutes. That
is not true; nor is the proposition true that these
discussions, however tiresome and idle they may
sometimes appear to be, are always so. Some
information is occasionally elicited,and theHouse
is better prepa red toaetand vote intelligently after
such discussion has been had, although the in-
formation obtained is, perhaps, not proportioned
to the number of persons who engage in such dis-
cussions.
Now, I will be permitted to make one other ob-
servation. I have never, since I have been a mem-
ber of this House, seen that when, in the course
of proceedings, the subject of debate was ex-
hausted, the House did not manifest its appreci-
ation of that fact by an impatience, and a desire
to vote on the question, such as would ordinarily
silence any ambitious young gentleman who might
desire to get the floor and occupy the time of the
House. A friend suggests that there is the same
impatience now. That is true; for 1 have no doubt
that the House is prepared to vote on the partic-
ular proposition that has been discussed. That is
precisely what I desire the House to do; but I do
not desire that, in a measure of the magnitude and
importance of this one, the I-Iouse shall restrict
any gentleman to a five-minute speech. It is
better that a bill of the magnitude and importance
of this one should have applied to it that investi-
gation and consideration to which it is entitled.
It is a subject which is almost entirely new to the
House and to the country. It requires the most
careful examination and supervision.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I desired
to say on the pioposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I trust the House will not, by its
vote, close the debate 011 this bill at tins time.
There are certain provisions in it, with respect to
the wisdom of which there will be great disagree-
ment among the members of the House. I should
extremely regret to have general debate closed on
this bill now, and the discussion limited to five-
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on his motion
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Cu.whNb were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 61, noes 39.
" So the House ordered the debate to be closed in
five minutes after the consideration of the bill
.should be resumed in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 move that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I raovethatthe rules be sus-
pended, and that theHouse resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say a word or
two in reference to the amendment now pending.
As the committee maybe aware, I favored a sim-
ilar proposition at the extra session, touching the
collection of direct taxes, I favored it on the prin-
ciple simply of economy, and for the reason that
the amount apportioned to each State was ascer-
tained by the law, the Government having the
means of knowing whether the particular State
which assumed the payment of the tax discharged
its whole duty in the premises. I oppose,how-
ever, the amendment now pending, for the reason
that it makes the law inoperative m the hands of
men, if such men can be found in the several
States that would assume the duty, who would
desire to shirk the provisions of the law, to some
extent, or almost to the extent of the entire pro-
vision within that particular State. I know of no
method known to the law of the United States by
which the Government of the United States would
not>bcat the mercy of the State assessors and
collectors. I recognize the principle of the law
as settled m the case of Pngg, to which reference
has been made, that an appointment of this sort
is well enough executed when it is executed. But
the principle goes no further. You cannot com-
pel a State officer to discharge his duties fuith-
fuliy,and you have no means of ascertaining
whelher he performs them faithfully or not, for
the simple reason that he is not responsible, and
cannot be made responsible to the Governmentof
the United States. Fie is responsible to his own
State alone. Under the bill as it stands the Gov-
ernment appoints its own assessors and collect-
ors and holds them to a strict accountability. By
comparing the tax lists of the States which are
always accessible to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, with the returns made from time to
time from the several districts, the Government
will be able to know whether their officers are
dealing fairly or foully; whether they are dis-
charging their duties honestly and faithfully, or
dishonestly and corruptly. The Government will
thus be able to have control over the official action
of their officers.
Mr. Chairman, I have no idea of begging any
one's paidon here for discharging the duties im-
posed upon mo as a Representative of the people,
i f am not going to make apologies in advance for
imposing on the people the burdens necessary to
maintain this Government. I am notgoingto make
apologies for getting up this army of officeliold-
eis, as it has been called, if it be essential to have
an army of officeholders m order to execute the
law. 1 have an abiding faith, which nothing on
earth can shake, in the loyalty of the great mass
of the people of the country to their Government,
in thor fixed purpose to maintain it, and to up-
hold it at whatever cost or sacrifice. I have no
fear for myself that there will be any complaint
among the people on account of the necessary ap-
pointments that may be made under the provisions
of this bill for the purpose of collecting these taxes.
I am not only for laying the taxes but I am for
collecting the taxes—collecting them in the name
and by the authority of the whole people, and by
the direct action of the whole people, through their
Representatives in Congress.
1 did not intend, Mr. Chairman, to say anything
further on the subject than merely to express my
approval of the provisions of the act as it stands,
and my opposition to the proposed amendment,
which might result in the defeat of the purposes
of the bill" altogether.
The CHAIRMAN announced that general de-
bate on the bill was now exhausted.
The question was taken on Mr; Eliot's amend-
ment, as follows:
And provid6d further> That the provisions of this section
shall not apply to any State the Governor whetcof shall
officially cause it to |?e notified to the President that such
State will, pursuant to the terms of this act hereinafter set
forth, cause to be duly assessed, collected, and paid over
the duties and taxes prescribed by this act.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to suggest a mere
verbal amendment in this section. It is to strike
out the words "as well as," and. to insert in lieu of
them the word " and." This will justify the con-
struction which the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means gives to the language. As it
now stands, I think it is opposed to that con-
struction.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see any objection
to the amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
MESSAGE FItOM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, their
Chief Clerk, notifying the House that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolution of this
House, of the following titles:
A bill (No. 114) authorizing floats to issue in
satisfaction of claims against the United States for
lands sold by them within the Las Omegas and
La Nana grants in the State of Louisiana; and
Joint resolution (No. 51) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to inquire into the causes of the
failure of certain contracts for steam machinery,
and to remit penalties connected therewith.
PUKCIIASE OF COIN.
The message further announced that the Senate
insist on thcirfirstamendmentdisagreed toby the
House to the bill of the House (No. 341) to au-
thorize the purchase of coin, and for other pur-
poses, disagree to the amendment of the House
to the second amendment to the said bill, ask a
conference with the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Collamer, and
Mr. Willey, the said committee of conference
on their part.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House insist
on its former action on that bill, and agree to the
committee of conference asked for by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr. Ste-
vens, Mr. Hooper, and Mr. Crisfield, as the
committee on the part of the House.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend the bill in the
second section, after the word "district," in the
twelfth line, as follows:
And provided farther, That no collection district in any
State where no insurrection exists, shall embracc more than
one county, and that the collectors and assessors appointed
under the provisions of this act shall be residents of the
district to which they may be appointed.
Mr. Chairman,my object in offering this amend-
ment is simply to provide that each county of the
loyal States shall constitute a collection district.
I think it is important that these collection dis-
tricts shall be made as small as possible. Gentle-
men have admitted that the law will be odious to
the people. Now, sir, I do not believe any such
thing. 1 do not believe that any loyal man in any
State in this Union will complain of this tax. I
do not believe that any man in this House has to
lose his position either, by voting for a bill of this
kind. I know that there are traitors and sympa-
thizers with traitors even in the loyal States who
will object to this bill and to any one who attempts
to pass it. But, sir, I desire those who are to go
round and assess and collect these taxes to be men
who live in the neighborhood, and are known to
the people among whom they are to perform these
duties, and not that strangers shall be sent among
them from other counties who do not know the
men, and who do not know or understand the
value of the property they are to assess.
1 see no objection to this proposition. A gen-
tleman says it is too expensive. Sir, it will not
make the expense of administering the law one
dollar more. The cost of performing the duties
of collector and assessor will be precisely the same
