THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
do better out of the Union than In it, we insist on letting
th**n go in pence. The right to secede may be a revolution-
ary one, but it exists nevertheless." * * * *
«* We must ever resist the right of any State to remain In
the Union and nullify or defy the laws thereof. To with-
draw from the Union is quite another matter; and when-
ever a considerable section of our Union shall deliberately
resolve to go out, we shall resist ail coercive measures de-
signed to keep it in. We hope never to live in a republic
whereof one section is pinned to another by bayonets."~
New York Tribune, November 9,1860.
*f ffthe cotton States unitedly and earnestly wish to with-
draw peacefullyfroin the Union, we think they should and
fl-ould be allowed to do so. Any attempt to compel them by
force to remain would be contrary to the principles enun-
ciated in the immortal Declaration of Independence, con-
trary to the fundamental ideas on which human liberty is
based."—New Yoik Tribune, November 26, i860.
" Tf it [the Declaration of Independence] justified the
secession from the British Empire of three million colonists
in 1776, we do not sec why it would not justify the seces-
sion of live million southrons from the Union in 1861."—
New York Tribune, December 17, 1860.
" We have repeatedly said, and we once more insist, that
the great principle embodied by Jefferson in the Declaration
of American Independence, that Governments derive their
just power from the consent of the governed, is sound and
just; and that, if the slave Suites', the cotton States, or the
Gulf States only, choose to form an independent nation, they
have a clear moral right to do so." * * * *
Whenever it shall bo clear that the great body of the
southern puoplo have become conclusively alienated from
the Union, and anxious to escape from it, we will do our
bet>t to forward their views."—New York Tribune, Febru-
ary 23, 1861.
Views similar to these were entertained and ad-
vocated by the Slate Journal and Cincinnati Com*
mercinl, leading Republican papers in my own
State; and when the Tribune, in February, 1861,
deciarod that " wp will do our best to forward
thetr [the secessionists] views," we here to-day,
in view of the measures advocated by that Jour-
nal, and passed and sought to be passed by this
Congress, can say that the best has been done by
them " to forward (he views" of the rebels that
could be done under the circumstances.
I desire to make one other extract fiom the
speech of my colleague, [Mr. Edgerton-,] and
then 1 clo.se with his dissertation on the Demo-
cratic address:
" Who know* the exultation and the joy with which this
n- Democratic address was read in the camps of the seces-
Hkmlsts? Who can describe the thrill ol delight which ran
through the ranka of the followers of Jeff Davit) when they
read that Address, and found, while there was no condem-
nation of the rebellion, there was a bitter denunciation of
the true men of the North and of Mr. Lincoln's adminis-
tration ? Who can tell how that address animated the
hearts and strengthened the arms of Iho rebels to strike an-
other and a more deadly blow at the hearts of our brothers
and son*? Who can deny that the whole tenor and effect
of this address, Instead ol striking at the traitors, is to bol-
ster up their cause, and to strengthen their hands against
the Government?"
The. gentleman hasdrawuupon his imagination
for a number of questions, to which he has vouch-
safed no answers, well knowing lie could ^ive none
natisfactory to hiinnelf without gathering' them
from the same fruitful source—his imagination. I
could say, with much more truth and force, that in
that ftddri'ss the leaders of the rebels see the down-
fall of their mad and wieked schomcs, for it says
to all their deluded followers, as well as to all the
people, North and South, there is a party in tine
country who desire the restoration of the Union as
it was, and the maintenance of the Constitution as
it i®4, who say " that this war is not to be waged
on the part of the Government in any epiritof op-
pression, nor for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, nor for the purpose of overthrowing or
interfering* with the rights or established institu-
tions of the States, but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the
Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired, and that as soon as
these objects are accomplished the war ought to
cease." When the masses of the southern people
become satisfied that these are the objects of the
war and of the northern people, then, indeed,
may Jeff Davis and the leaders of the rebellion
tremble; then will his deluded followers hurl from
power their wicked leaders, and return to their
allegiance beneath the ample fold of the stars and
stripes.
Sir, let mc propound a few interrogatories.
"Who knows the exultation and joy with which"
abolition speeches are " read in the camps of the
secessionists, "enabling their leaders to say to the
soldiery, "here is foreshadowed the policy to be
pursued by the Republican party ?" " Who can
describe the thrill of delight which runs through"
the hearts of Jeff Davis and his rebel congress
when they hear of our emancipation acts and say,
this is but the beginning of ■thsEt general eman-
cipation which legitimately follows Republican
rule?" " Whocan tell how" the declaration of Re*
publican members, that" either slavery or the Union
must perishy"" animates the hearts and strengthens
the arms of the rebels to strike another and more
deadly blow at the hearts of our brothers and
sons?" " Who can deny that the whole tenorand
efTectof" our legislation,'" instead ofstrikingat the
traitors, is to bolster up their cause and strengthen
their hands against the Government," by enabling
them to say, " in this or that speech or resolution
or bill or law, is it boldly claimed that we of the
South are to be utterly subjugated, held and gov-
erned as conquered provinces, the lives of all our
male citizcns sacrificed upon the gallows, all our
property of every kind and description confis-
cated, and our wives and children to become vag-
abonds, houseless and homeless, wanderers upon
the face of the earth?" Is not this a fascinating
picture for the philanthropistand the Christian to
contemplate? Sir, am 1 notjustificd in thus stating
these propositions and propounding these inter-
rogatories when my loyalty is called in question
because I differ with the dominant party in its
abolition measures and policy?
Mr. Chairman, this attack comes with an ill
gracc from my colleague. His memory has cer-
tainly played liim false or he would never Have
made charges ofdisloyalty upon a member of this
House. The editor of the Norwalk (Ohio) Ex-
periment, in a late number of that paper, says:
" We will give a short( speech' that this same Congress-
man from the Summit district made to us, in Washington,
a little more than two years ago. Mr. ISdoi-.rton being lioni
the same town, in the State of New Yoik that we came
from, and a boyhood acquaintance, wc called upon lum at
the capital, andm the course ofa conversation on ' matters
and things in general,' he thus defined 1ns position con-
cerning the Union: 'I tell you there it zoing to be a dissolu-
tion of this Union, an$ I do not care ho to quick it comes ; all
I want is to give those fellows [meaning the South] a good
licking, and 'then kick them out.* Wc have given his exact
language.*
So much for the gentleman's loyalty and devo-
tion to the Union.
One year ago, Mr. Chairman, perhaps the Re-
publican party were in earnest when they adopted
the Crittenden resolution, and perhaps they in-
tended to carry it out in good faith. I was dis-
goscd to believe them when, here and in my own
tatc, they declared that party platforms and party
issues must be ignored until the close of the great
struggle in which we are engaged, and that every-
thing must give way to the suppression of the
rebellion and the supremacy of the Constitution
and laws. But, sir, one short year has developed
the fact that the wildest schcmc of the maddest
fanatic of this or past yenrs can find his wildest
dreams realized in the acts and resolutions ofthis
Congress. And must the Democratic party be
told that they arc disloyal if they seek to maintain
their organization, elect their own'tnen to office,
and stand faithfully by the Crittenden resolution
of July last; while the Republican party is car-
rying out every resolution of the Chicago con-
vention, and, indeed, urging and passing measures
here never dreamed of by the great body of that
party, measures that only had an existence in the
distempered brain of some abolitionist of New
England or the Western Reserve? I for one do
not think I am called to partake o£any such feast.
The legislation of the Stale of Ohio furnishes fur-
ther evidence that, notwithstanding their profes-
sions and promises, they are determined to show
no favors to the Democratic party. An instance
of it may be cited in the act redisricting the State
for congressional purposes, and by which they
have attempted to disfranchise two thirds or three
fourths of the Democratic voters, as the only
means of carrying the next congressional dele-
gation. Their cry of " no party" has been the
sheerest deception, and was only inaugurated that
certain politicians might ride into office.
Mr, Chairman, what would have been thought
if a Democratic member of this House had intro-
duced a resolution declaring that the appointment
of a military Governor by the President " is with-
out sanction m the Constitution and laws, and
that its cffect is to subordinate the civil to the
military authority> contrary to the spirit of our
institutions and in derogation of the powers of
Congress?" The least punishment he could have
expected would have been to be denounced as dis-
loyal and a traitor; yet it can be done in the other
wing of the Capitol by a Republican Senator [Mr.
Sumner] and nothing wrong is thought of it. It
only verifies what I have before said, that-Repub-
licans are privileged to say what they please of
the Administration, and their loyalty is not to be
called in question. Let the same thing be said by
a Democrat, and he will raise an overwhelming
storm of indignation about him. It would seem,
sir, that the Constitution is now only to be invoked
when certain measures are proposed or adopted
which run counter to some favorite abolition pro-
ject.
Notwithstanding my colleague "doubts any
man who prates so much about the Constitution,
and i t may be, at this day and at this time, looked
upon as old fashioned and out of place, still, at
the risk of being thought behind the age and of
using an oft-repeated quotation, I here pledge my
fealty and devotion to thatsacred instrumentanew,
and say, in the language of Ruth to Naomi:
"Entreat mc not to leave thee, or to return from follow-
ing after thee: for whither thou goest I will go: and where
thou lodgest I will lodge: thy people shall he my people,
and thy God my God: where thou diest, will I die,and
there will 1 be buried: the Lord do so to me, and more also,
if aught but death part thee and mc."
Mr. Chairman, my whole heart is devoted to a
restoration of this Union. Politically we have
nothing else worth living for; and the brave and
gallant men who have gone forth to battle have
thought it worth dying for. Let us not, then, say
to them, we have sent you fopth, not to fight for
the Union and the Constitution, but for some ideal
scheme of some mad fanatic, who thinks he sees
in the present unhappy condition of our country
the time and the opportunity to carry out his Uto-
pian views. Let us rather say, your mission is
a lofty and a noble one—to restore the Union and
to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Consti-
tution and the laws. When this good work shall
be accomplished we will welcome you to your
homes and firesides with shouts of joy that your
mission is fulfilled; and with tears of sadness for
your brave comrades sacrificed at the shrine of the
accursed spirit of fanaticism and sectionalism
North and South.
Mr. Chairman, my only hope that this good
work will ever be accomplished is in the conserva-
tive men of the great West and the border slave-
holding States. Let them arise in the majesty of
their strength and exclaim, in language not to be
misunderstood, to the secessionists of the South
and the abolitionists of the North:
" Up! people of the States, who love your homes;
Up! gallant hearts, that throb with pure disdain
Of trait'ious arts. Up! flaming souls of fite;
Build ve a Hainan's gallows lor the knaves [whether
Noith or South]
That dare to raise a voice or hand to break
The sweet relationship our fathers left
To bind us all, cemented with their blood.
Oh I North and South, two brothers of one birth,
Meet ye again, as they at Pcnuel mot,
Jacob and Esau thinking each of strife,
Yet when they came anearer, wept With pure love
Upon each other's neck, that both may say,
i Keep that thou hast, for God hath dealt
Most graciously with each; and thus we see
Each other's face, as 5t were the face of God,
Shining with blessings; and the Lord of Hosts
Watch between thee and me forevermore "
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Chairman, before this
session closes, on behalf of the select committee
appointed by this HousejgMonsidcr the propriety
of the construction ofaghiffcanal around the Falls
of the Niagara, upon the American side, and the
friends of the measure g^erally, I wish to throw
out a few consideration for Congress and the
country to reflect upon. For good and sufficient
reasons, this House ^hll not be asked to act upon
this question at the present session. It requires
great care and deliberation to mature and bring out
a measure best adapted to secure the end to be at-
tained,and to render it an object desirable, and as
little objectionable as possible. When so matured
and developed, and properly before the House and
the country, it is expected that it will meet, as it
justly deserves, the candid and favorable consid-
eration and support of Congress. This body has
earned too high a character already for its devo-
tion to the great interests of our people, its desire
to advance their prosperity, develop and expand
their great wealth and resources, and lift up to a
higher usefulness and grandeur the labor and en-
terprise of the country, to expectother than a fa-
vorable action towards this, a kindred and scarce-
ly less important project than the great measure of
improvement already passed. The construction
