220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
will readily go with them and vote for it; but when
the committee state an evil to us, and propose a
remedy for that evil which manifestly falls short
of the necessities of the case, I cannot, by any
means, go with them for a remedy which in the
end will certainly be no remedy at all, and can be
none.
Mr. HALE, The difficulties suggested by the
honorable Senator from Connecticut were sug-
gested in the deliberations of the committee; and
the committee met them as well as they could. I
beg the attention of the Senate, for I look upon
this as an exceedingly important question, and I
crave their indulgence while I read briefly one or
two extracts from the report of the committee of
the House of Representatives. The committee of
the House of Representatives, in relation to this
transaction between the Secretary of the Navy
and Mr. Morgan, say:
" But it is to the arrangement between the Secretary of
the Navy and Mr. Morgan, under which the compensation
of this agent for the aci vices thus rendered, the committee
desire especially to call attention in tins connection, as of
a cluuacier, whether it be In the stipulated amount received,
or m the mode of payment, alike indefensible and repre-
hensible That arrangement is a system of commissions,
usually two and a half percent, of the pui chase money paid
for each vessel; andoncundet which Mr. Morgan icceived,
as compensation, dunng t ie penod of seven weeks previous
to the 6th day of September, when this testimony was taken,
the enormous Mini of $,">1,584, admitted by himself be-
loie the committee. When tins testimony was taken, in-
formation or us extraordinary character and import wa-«
communicated to the Department in the hope that an abu>e
so glaring, when pointed out. might be coriected. Yet, not-
withstanding the Dcpai Uncut becauie thus possessed of the
humiliation that its own ageut was, by this system of com-
missions, amassing a piivatc fortune,* the committee have
been surprised to learn fiotn a recent communicationfiom
the Navy Department, iuinishmq; them with the number
and puces ot vessels pmehased by Mr. Morgan for the Gov-
ernment, since said Gth day of September, that the cost of
tho-e thus puichased by him amounts, in the aggregate, to
(he sum of ^1,736,992. If he has reeeived the same late of
compct^atmn since as bel'oie that date, thete mur t he added
to the sum of $31,5ri4, paid him before that date, the turther
compensation or £'13.-134 loi feiviccs lendeied since,mak-
ing m all the -'inti of £93,0U8 paid ro a single individual for
his ^eivices as agent of the Government since the 13th daj
of July, a period ot four and one half months."
The committee further state that Mr. Morgan
had no sou of knowledge or excellence either
in the building or buying of vessels, and had no
sort of discretion, as that was all devolved upon
the officers of the Department. I read from the
report:
" Mr. Morgan had no responsibility for the disbursement
ot a single doll.n on account of these purchases, tor the par-
ties and then papers wcie ail referred to the Department at
Washington t<n eximmiati'fth,unification,and payment, the
moment the price had been fued. lie executed no bond,
and could claim compensation for no unusual responsibility
or liability.
"It Is no answer that, notwithstanding this exorbitant
compensation, amounting in itself to a foitune, was paid to
liiin. nevertheless lus skill and sagacity have saved the
Government large <um< in buying at very low prices. The
Department would have been entitled to* the full benefit of
alt that skill and sagaeitvli.nl he been employed, like other
Government ollk-ei.-., at a fan, lived salary."
in conclusion, they say:
" It N this principle and the enormous private foitune it
was adapted loseeiireontot agioatpublic necessity,which
the committee feel called upon to condemn in the strongest
terms—an anangement entered into between the Scciccai}
of the Navy and Mr. Morgan, by winch the enormoussum
of more than ninety-five thousand dollars has been, by this
indirection, taken fiom the Trea&my of the United States
mid giveu as compensation to a single individual for ser
vices which, however tairhtully rendered, could have been
secuied toi an amount mfigniiicantm comparison with the
sum actually taken."
And the committee add:
"Tiie committee do not find in this transaction the less
to cen-mie in the fief that thin arrangement between the
Secictaiy of the Navy and Mr Morgan was one between
brotliers-iii law, a famtlv anangement. which, in the opin-
ion of ihe com mi tie e, i e fleets gie at disci edit upon the public
service "
These facts were before the Committee on Na-
val Aftnirs when this bill was referred to them.
The committee felt nmbanassment. The commit-
tee felt that it was due to the country, if was due
to public morals, it was due to the tax-paying
people at this time, that such a transaction as
that should not pass unchallenged by the national
Legislature. The committee were aware of the
difficulty suggested by the honorable Senatorfrom
Connecticut', but when it was proposed to insert
some other individual to do this business, it was
said at once, if you take some subordinate m the
Navy Department, that subordinate will be sub-
ject to the direction and dismissal of the Secretary
of the Navy, and you cannot meet the case there.
The honorable Senatorfrom Connecticut has
said, and well said, that the committee do not
meet this case fully. We cannot meet it fully;
but the committee have done what they thought
it was their bounden duty to do, and that was, to
express, in this amendment, their dissatisfaction
with the manner in which the public money has
been disbursed by the Secretary of the Navy,and
to throw this whole responsibility upon the Pres-
ident of the United States. It is no objection,in
my humble judgment, to this amendment, to say
that it does not meet the whole case. It does not;
but it will be taken as an expression of this Sen-
ate of the judgment which they pass upon the
transaction which has been delineated by the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives.
Those were the grounds on which the commit-
tee felt called upon to act. I do not know that it
is necessary for me, but it is with no affectation
of a feeling which does not embairass me, when
I say that it is with great reluctance and with
great pain that I occupy the position which duty
compels me to do on this matter.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me, I will ask him a ques-
tion. I was necessarily absent, in attendance on
a committee, when this question was brought tip.
I should like to know from the Senator the exact
state of the question before the Senate. I under-
stand it is a bill and some amendments reported
by a committee.
Mr. HALE. The bill is very short. I will
read it myself. It is only five lines.
Mr. POWELL. I do not care about having
the bill read. A statement of it by the Senator
will be sufficient.
Mr. HALE. I can state it in as short a time
by reading it. Here it is:
Be it cnutteJ, i., That tho Secretary of the Navy is
hereby authorized and empowered to cause to be con-
st rue ted. by conti act or otherwise, as he shall deem best for
the public inteiest, twenty non-clad steam gunbodtsfortiie
use of the Navy of the United States.
The amendment which the Committee on Naval
Affairs propose is to strike out" Secretary of the
Navy," and insert President."
Mr. MORRILL. If I understand this measure,
Mr. President, and the evidence upon which we
are to act, I am opposed to it. It is conceded by
the honorable Senator, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, that this measure fur-
nishes no remedy, and further, that it is intended
as a rebuke or censure to that officer, a high pub-
lic functionary of the Government, a man stand-
ing very near the President, and upon whom the
Government relies in this hour of its peril and its
dangers; and, of course, the effect of the amend-
ment is to strike down the officer, to destroy pub-
lic confidcnce in him, and to that extent weaken
the public service; for, sir, it is idle to say that an
expression by this Senate, in its confidential rela-
tions to the executive department of the Govern-
ment, of a want of confidence in one of its officers
would not have that effect.
Now, sir, what is the evidence upon which we
are to act, upon which we are to say to thecoun-
try that, as the Senate, we have formed the delib-
erate judgment that this officer is unworthy of our
confidence and unworthy of the confidcnce of the
public, and that he has committed a high offense
in his official character which destroys liis useful-
ness, and which, if true, should subject htm to
impeachment and removal? If I understand it, it
is not from any evidence before this body; no facts
have been reported to us authorizing any such in-
ference; it is the report of a committee of the other
branch of Congress, which happens to be on our
tables, distributed here under the rules of Con-
gress. What confidence ought we to place in that
report? Any higher confidence than the branch
itself that ordered the investigation, and the branch
that has acted upon it, that has had the report be-
fore it, and to whom the report was made? Cer-
tainly not. What confidence or importance do
they attach to it? That report, if I do not mis- .
understand it, was made at a very early period of \
the session by the committee to that branch of!
Congress, and they have had it under consider-
ation, and yet they have originated, reported, and
passed this bill, and sent it to us for our concur-
rence, with the icport before them, with the evi-
dence before them—all that this committee has,
had under consideration, and all that we can have
under consideration. If they mean anything by
what they say, if they mean anything by what
they do in sending this bill to us, they mean to
say, notwithstanding all this committee have
stated, we have still confidence in the Secretary of
the Navy, and we still ask your concurrence to
this bill empowering him to construct these steam-
ers. 1 submit that so far as the evidence goes, it
does not authorize us to draw an inference which
the body to whom the evidence was reported has
failed to draw.
Then, sir, there is another reason why I am
indisposed to agree to this amendment, and it is
this: I submit that it does not become the dignity
of this Senate to act in this way. Here is a side
thrust intended to destroy the confidence of the
country in a high public officer. It will have the
effect to strike down that branch of the public
service, v/hich we cannot afford at this time. It is
designed to do it. Sir, if it be true that this officer
is thus guilty, why do not that committee that have
this Department under special charge proceed
against him directly? I protest, amid this great
peril of the country, against any attempts and all
attempts to weaken the power of the Government;
to weaken any branch of the public service. If we
have unfaithful officers,I will go as faras anyone
can go to strengthen the hands of those whose
purpose it is to discover it and guard the country
against it. I will follow the lead of the honorable
Senator, the chairman of that committee, and none
has more confidence in htm, in his ability and
his patriotism, than I have, to ferret out all these
things and to punish the offenders; but let it be
done as becomes the dignity of the Senate. Let
charges be preferred; letevidcnce be brought here
upon which we can rely; let evidence be brought
here upon which somebody relies; and let infer-
ences be drawn, if they are to be drawn to the prej-
udice of public functionaries, from such sources
as are reliable.
For these two reasons, Mr.President, lam op-
posed to this amendment: first, it effects nothing;
and m the second place the evidence we have be-
fore us does not authorize us to considorany such
inferences as are urged by the chairman of the
committee; and m the third place, I do not think
it becomes the dignity of the Senate to give a side
thrust to a high public functionary tending to have
so disastrous an effect as this must have upon the
country.
Mr. POWELL. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from New Hampshire to this bill, if
I understand it, is to strike out the name of the
" Secretary of the Navy," and insert that of the
" President," as the person to have charge of the
construction of these ships. I am opposed to the
amendment. In the first place, I am opposed to
this indirect way of makmgan assault upon a mem-
ber of the Cabinet. If it is the object to censure
the Secretary of the Navy, I think the Senate owes
it to its own dignity, to its own self-respect, to
bring in a resolution directly censuring that offi-
cial, and allow him to meet it by evidence. I ad-
mit, as I said in a debate which sprang up on
another bill yesterday, that in my opinion the
head of the Navy Department, and another one
of the members of the Cabinet, owe it to them-
selves to promptly meet the charges contained in
the report of the House committee on Govern-
ment contracts. I confess that the evidence in the
report presents itself to the country in rather an
imposing attitude. It is not common rumor, it is
not common newspapercharges, but it is the opin-
ion of acommittee of one branch of this Congress,
on testimony which they report. I do not know
how far the Secretary of the Navy may have it in
his jower to meet these charges. I think that that
official owes it to himself, owes it to the country,
to meet and disprove the charges set forth in the
report; and if he does not, all I can say is that,
in my humble opinion, he will be disgraced per-
sonally and officially. 1 hope that he may be able
to meet them, and acquit himself of official delin-
quency. If the Senate take action upon it, they
ought to do it directly, and not by indirection or
in any circuitous manner.
I am opposed to the amendment for another
reason. In my judgment, the substitution of the
President for the Secretary of the Navy will not
reach the object that the gentleman desires. If the
statements concerning the Secretary of the Navy
are really such as are icpresented, and he cannot
explain them or justify ins conduct, I do not think
that a President who would keep such a Secre-
tary in office would be any more worthy the con-
