1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to insert, after the
word " will," the words " support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and that;" so it will read:
And each assessor an (J assistant assessor so appointed,
and accepting the appointment, -shall, before lie enters on
the duties of his appointment, take and subscribe, before
some competent magistiate, or some collector, to be ap-
pointed by this act, (who is hereby empowered to admin-
ister the same,) the following oath or affirmation, namely:
" I, A B, do swear, or affirm, [as the case may be,] that I
will support the Constitution ot the United States, and that,
to the best of my knowledge, skill, and judgment, diligently
and faithfully execute the office and duties of assessor for,
[naming the assessment district,]" &c.
The reason for that amendment seems to me to
be so apparent that I will not detain the commit-
tee with any remarks on it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have an
amendment which I suggest in placc of the gen-
tleman 's.
Inseit the words:
That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the United
States of America, and will support the Constitution, and.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my own.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PORTER. I move after the word " col-
lector" to insert the words, " shall faithfully per-
form the duties of his office according to the law
and;" so that it will read:
Sue. 4 Jirtd be it further enacted, That before any eueh
collector shall enter upon the duties of his office, he shall
execute a bond for such amount as shall be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasuiy, with sureties to be ap-
pioved as sufficient by the Solicitor of the Treasury, con-
taining the condition tiiat said collector shall faithfully pei-
form the duties of hit* office according to the law, and shall
justly and faithfully account for to the United States, and
pay over, in compliance with the oidei or regulation*, ot the
Secretary of the Treasmy, ail public moneys which may
come into his hands or possession; which bond shall he
filed m the office ot the Fiist Comptroller of the Treasury,
to be by him duected to he put in suit upon any breach of
the condition theieof, &c.
Mr. Chairman, the liability of the sureties is
limited under this act to a case where the collector
fails faithfully to account for and pay over the
moneys which come into his hands. It does not
apply to the case where the collector omits to per-
form his duty. It does not apply to several of the
duties which the collector is bound to perform un-
der the provisions of this act. In scction nine-
teen, where another bond is required, there is a
provision that the collector shall faithfully per-
form all of his duties, and there is obviously an
omission here which my amendment will supply.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend the fifth sec-
tion by inserting after the words " as such," in
the fifteenth line, the words "and for every omis-
sion of duty;" so that it will read:
Each collcctor shall, m evcrv respect, be responsible both
to the United States and to individuals, as the ca<emaybe,
foi all moneys collected, and for every act done as deputy
collector by any of his deputies while acting as such, and
for every omission of duty.
That will make the collector liable not only for
the acts done by his deputies, but for any omis-
sions of duty or their part.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. I move to strike out
the words "and seal," in the third line; so that
the section will read:
Sec. 5. ~1nd be if- fuither enacted, That each collector
shall bo authorized to appomt, by an instiumeritof writing
under his hand, as many deputies as he may tlunk proper,
&C.
That will simplify the proceedings. If the
appointments ill writing are required to be sealed,
and if, by accident, any of them should not be
sealed, or the seal should be torn off, it might
lead to disputes 111 case of litigation, and the seal
really adds nothing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I suggest
to the gentlemen who have this subject under their
charge, whether it would not be well to put into
the bond of the collectora stipulation that he shall
be liable to individuals for violation of his duty
as well as for neglect of duty? He may wrong
you or me, or my constituent, and you want
some security.
MESSAGE KKOM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed tlie chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Hicket, their Chief
Clerk, announced that the Senate had passed bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
A bill (No. 103) for the relief of John Skirving;
A bill (No. 177) for the relief of Sylvester
Crooks;
A bill (No. 225) for the relief of the owners,
officers, and crews of the Spanish bark Providen-
cia; and
A joint resolution (No. 26) explanatory of a
certain act therein mentioned.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union having resumed its session.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I propose to insert after
the word "omission," the words "or violation,"
so as to make him responsible for violation of
duty as well as omissions of duty.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. 1 suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky and to the committee,
that the simplest and most efficient condition that
can be annexed to any official bond is thatthe obli-
gor shall faithfully perform all the duties required
of him bylaw relating to his office. I think that
it would be well that that should be the condition
of all bonds provided for in this bill. I think it
would be well if all other conditions should be
stricken out and that simple one inserted; and as
we have passed the fourth section, I ask unani-
mous consent that that section shall be so amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that such an amendment was adopted
to section four. After the word " collector" in
the seventh line of the fourth section, the words
" shall faithfully perform the duties of his office
according to law and" were inserted.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. That is sufficient.
The question was taken on Mr. Wickliffe's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the sixth section by striking out the word " next"
jn the sixth line, and inserting, in lieu thereof,
" 1862," so that the section will read:
Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of any pei 'on or persons partnership*, firms, associations,
or corporations, made liable to any duty, license, stamp, or
tax imposed fov this act. annually when not otlierwi>e and
difl'eiently provided tot, on or befoie the 1st day of May,
1862, and in eachyeai thereafter, and in all other eases be-
fore the day of levy, to make a list or return to the assist-
ant assessor of the district where located, of the amount
of annual income, the number of articles 01 objects charged
with a spccial duty 01 tax, the quantity of goods, ware*,
and mcichandi&e made or sold, and charged with a specific
or ad valorem duty or tax, the several rates and aggregate
amount aecotding to the respective piovistons of tln< act,
and according to the fonnsand legulations to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Jnternal Revenue, under the di-
rection of the Secietary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman from Vermont if he thinks that
this section fixes the time for making the return
in any other year but 1862?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will move to
insert after the word " and," the words " on or
before the 1st day of May," so that it will read,
" and on or before the 1st day of May in each year
thereafter."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That will
remove the difficulty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to offer
the same amendment to the seventh section that I
did to the sixth, so as to make them correspond.
I move to strike out the word " next," and insert
" 1862;" and to insert after the word " and," the
words "on or before the first day of May;" so
that it will read:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the instructions,
regulation*, and directions, a*- hereinbefore mentioned, thai)
b'' bmdingon each a^hse^soi and hi« assistants, and on each
collcctoi and his. deputies, m the peifonmmce of the duties
enjoined by or under this act; pursuant to which instruc-
tions the said assessors shall, on the 1st day ot May, 1^6*2,
and on or beforn ihc 1st day of May in each v ear, and trom
time to ume thereafter, in accordance with this act, direct
and cause the seveial assistant assessors, &c.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont that the amendment in
this instance should be to insert the words " on
or after the 1st day of May," otherwise you will
authorize the collection of these taxes at any time
after the 1st day of January.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
amendment is right as it stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTEIl. It seems to me that there is a
misprint in the eleventh line of this seventh kin-
tion, and that the word "assessment" ought to
be substituted for " collection." As the section
now reads, the several assistant 'assessors areto
"proceed through every part of their respective
districts, and inquire after and concerning all per-
sons being within the collection district where tn'ey
reside, owning, possessing, or'having the care or
management of any property, goods, wares, and
merchandise, articles or objects liable to pay any
duty, stamp, or tax." That would extend their
duties beyond their several assessment districts,
and make it incumbent on them to inquire con-
cerning all persons within the collection district.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Indiana will observe that the second
section speaks only of collection districts.
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman will perceive
that by this section the several assistant assessors
who have limited districts, sub-divisions of the
entire district, are required to inquire concerning
all persons, not within their limited sub-divisions,
but within the entire collection district. I move
to strike out the word "collection, "in the eleventh
line, and to insert " assessment," to add an " s"
to the word " district" in the same line, and to
insert "respectively" after the word "they." It
will then read:
Proceed through every part of their respective districts,
and inquire after and concerning all persons being within
the assessment districts where they respectively reside,
owning, possessing, or having the care or management of
any property, &e.
MESSAGE FKOM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally, and a message
was received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
notifying the House that the President had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act to fulfill treaty stipulations with Han-
over;
An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th .Tune, 1863, and
additional appropriations for the year ending 30th
June, 1862;
An act making an additional article of war; and
An act for the relief of Z. B. Oaverly, late sec-
retary of legation at Lima, Peru.
The committee resumed its session.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
The question was taken on Mr. Porter's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEELE,ofNew York. I movetoamend
the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
by making the clause read, instead of " the 1st of
May," "the first Monday in May." The 1st
day of May might sometimes fall on a Sunday.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire to offer
a verbal amendment to the ninth section, to strike
out the words " not be prepared to, "and to insert
in lieu thereof the words " fail to make and;"so
that it will read:
Sec. 8. JIM be it further enacted, That if any person own-
ing, possessing, or having the care or management of prop-
erty, goods, wares, and merchandise, articles or objects lia-
ble to pay any duty, tax, or license, shall iaii to make and
exhibit a wiitten list when required, as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am inclined
to believe that there is something in the point
made by the gentleman from California, and I pro-
pose to offer an amendment in that connection. I
move to insert after the word " cases" in the ninth
section, the words " and in all cases of neglect to
furnish such list or statement, and in all cases of
undervaluation or understatement in such lists or
statements."
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The eleventh sec-
tion provides for all cases of ncglect,and that
renders useless all the amendments already made,
and half of that now offered. There is no provision
for undervaluation; but all the rest of the amend-
ments are provided for in the eleventh section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 modify my
amendment by striking out of it all but the words
"in all cases of undervaluation or understate-
ment."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
whether there is any place in the bill which pro-
vides that these statements or returns made to the
assessors shall be made on oath or affirmation?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes; in cases
