222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
% Mr. TRUMBULL. If this joint resolution is
to pass, it seems to me it ought to be extended
and go further than it does, upon the very prin-
ciple which the Senator from Maine lays down.
Under the law as it passed at the extra session,
it was provided that "all goods and merchandise
actually on shipboard and bound to the United
Status, as well as those on deposit in warehouses
or public stores," at the date of the passage of
that act, should be subject to pay such duties as
were provided by law before and at the time of
the passage of the act. This joint resolution which
comes from the House of Representatives pro-
vides only for the goods actually warehoused.
Now, if persons importing goods have acted upon
what they supposed to be the implied faith of the
Government, thattheduty would remain as it was
when they made the importation or when they
gave the orders, why, I ask, should the duty be
remitted in favor of the party who has put his
goods into the warehouse, and not in favor of the
party who has them on shipboard ? The former
law applied equally to both cases: and if we pass
this joint resolution as it is, shall we not to-mor-
row have an appeal from another class of mer-
chants urging us to extend this joint resolution
so as to conform to the provision in the act of
August last?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those on shipboard were
excepted from that act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those on shipboard at
this time?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those on shipboard when
the act was passed.
Mr TRUMBULL. I do not understand it so.
This act imposes a duty, not so high a duty as
the act passed the other day imposed. Now sup-
pose a merchant has ordered tea or coffee which
is now on shipboard, or which had arrived m
the port of New York and was being unloaded,
but had not actually been put into the warehouse
and bonded, he will have to pay duties according
to the law that we passed the other day, notwith-
standing the passage of this joint resolution, while
the man who had actually got his goods into tin*
"Warehouse would only pay the duties as imposed
by the law of August last. If the resolution is
to pass at all, it strikes me it ought to be broad
enough to embrace both classes of cases which
we excepted by the provision of the acUof August
last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those articles that were
actually on shipboard before the passage of the
act of August last would not be subject to pay
any duties under that act. 1 do not see that it is
worth while to go any further. The Secretary
of the Treasury has not recommended us to go
beyond goods actually warehoused. While I am
willing to go as far as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has recommended under the circumstances,
I would go no fui thei in advance. And if is hardly
worth while to send the resolution back to the
other House for that matter.
This case not at all similar to that stated by
the Senator from New Hampshire. Where goods
are imported and the duties paid, they are un-
questionably at the risk of the persons who import
them, and not of the Government; and the Gov-
ernment is not responsible for any accident that
may happen to them.
1 pirscnted before all the considerations which
J desired to present on (he subject. The committee
came to the conclusion which I have slated under
the circumstances of the case; and on further de-
liberation J am not induced to change the opinion
I have expressed, that under the existing state of
things, in oider to avoid all imputation upon the
Government of taking any undue advantage of
present circumstances to raise revenue in a man-
ner that they would not resort to in ordinary
cases, it would be better for us to pass this joint
resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr SIMMONS. 1 should like to inquire of the
chairman of the committee about what amount
this resolution will cover?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is mere conjecture.
It is not supposed to amount to more than
§500,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not exactly understand
why teas that were on shipboard within fifteen
days after the passage of that law were put into
warehouse. Tea and coffee were not subject to
-duties before that. Sugar was subject to duty;
and I suppose there is a good deal of East India
sugar in warehouse that has been in warehouse
for a long while.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot explain it.
The joint resolution was oi dered to a third read-
ing; and was read the third time. The question
being on its passage,
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest to the chairman of
the committee, that if $500,000 is involved in this
measure, it would be better to let it lie until to-
morrow. I do not think we have many §500,000
to spare conveniently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is only guess-work
on my part. 1 have no means of knowing; I have
not investigated the matter. I understand that it
is not supposed to involve a very large amount.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Senators are labor-
ing under a misapprehension as to the magnitude
of this measure. I was informed by very good
authority that the amount involved would not
exceed $100,000. There is one reason not stated
by the Senator from Maine why this joint reso-
lution ought to pass. When coffee, or tea, or
sugar is put into warehouse, it is subject to sale,
and may be sold. Very much of it has been sold
upon a supposition that a duty of two cents a
pound would be levied on sugar, and a corre-
sponding duty on tea and coffee. It has been sold
and passed from hand to hand, not upon an actual
delivery, but a delivery which is recognized as a
delivery in New York. Now, to increase the duty
after property has been thus sold on the supposi-
tion that it was to pay the duty previously fixed
by law, it seems to me would be an act of injus-
tice. I think, therefore* the Government ought
not in any case to change the duty after the impor-
tation. Property is imported, put into warehouse
under your law at a fixed rate of duty, and to in-
crease the duty after the importation, after the
property has been sold and changed hands, it seems
to me would bean act of injustice. For the amount
involved in it, I do not, think the Government
ought to do such an act. For these reasons, to-
gether with the leasons named by the Senator
from Maine, I have a&sented to this bill, and I
think it is manifestly just.
Mr. OYRLILE. I wish to record my vote
against this joint resolution; and I desire to have
the question taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. As the yeas and nays are to
be taken on this measure, I should like to have
an opportunity to examine it. I do not like to
vote on it without some sort of examination.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator desires
time to look into it, I shall not object to its going
over until to-morrow, although, as he must see,
if it is to pass at all, it ought to paps very soon.
These transactions are faking place every day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move that the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
relative to the seat occupied by Mr. Lane, of
Kansas. The resolutions are as follows:
1. Resolved, That James If. Lane is not entitled to a seat
in thn both.
2. Resolved, That Freddie P. Stanton is entitled to a .seat
in tins body.
Mr. FOSTER. Itis to be regretted, Mr. Pres-
ident, that action upon the question involved m
this report has not been had at an earlier day.
The memorial of Mr. Stanton was presented to
this body on the JOth <>f July last, at the special
session. It was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary on its presentment; and the committee
reported upon it on the 2d day of August. No
action was had upon the report, except to post-
pone it from time to time during that session, and
it came before us at this regular session of Con-
gress, not having been previously disposed of.
it was, finally, after various attempts made by
myselfto procure action, recommitted to thecom-
mittee on the 18th of December. It was reported
back on Monday last, thn 6th of January, and
now the question is for the first time brought up
for the consideration of the Senate upon the merits
involved in the claim.
The report of the committee was in favor of the
right of Mr. Stanton to the seat, and that the sit-
ting member was not entitled to it. That report
was not a unanimous one, but was made by a ma-
jority of the committee. On the recommitment,
the sitting member and the contestant appearing
and being fully heard, the committee were unani-
mously of opinion,all the members beingprescnt#
that no reasons had been furnished to change the
report originally made. The resolutions origin-
ally reported are, therefore, now again reported
by thu committee.
The committee find as matter of fact that the
sitting member, Hon. James H. Lane, was ap-
pointed by the President a brigadier general of
volunteers in the Army of the United States, oil
the 20th of June, 1861, that he accepted the ap-
pointment, and was legally qualified to perform its
duties. It is a familiar clause in the Constitution
of the United States, that " no person holding an
office under the United States shall be a member
of either House " [of Congress] u during his con-
tinuance in office." That the position of brigadier
general is an " office" within the meaningof that
clause ofthc Constitution, is probably not doubted
at this day, if indeed it were ever a matter of doubt.
It was settled, so far as the decision of the other
branch of Congress could settle it, nearly sixty
years ago, in the case of Hon. John P. Van Ness,
whowasa member of the House of Representatives
from the State of New York, and who, while a
member, was appointed a major of militia in the
District of Columbia. The question was, whether
his appointment as a major of militia in the Dis-
trict of Columbia disqualified him, under that
clause of the Constitution^ which I have quoted,
from holding a seat in the House of Representa-
tives. The case arose as long ago as the year 1802,
-at the second session of the Seventh Congress,
On the 27th of December, 130*2, the matter was
brought before the House in the following manner:
,;Mi. Davis, ofKentuckj, obseivcd thatho was of opin-
ion tliat a member ol the House retained Ins seat contiary
to the spmt and sense of the Constitution ; it therefore be-
came bis duty to ofroi a iutoluuon for instituting an mquhy
into tile subject, m doing which lie disclaimed all personal
view. He then made the following motion:
teHcsohed, That the Committee of Elections be, and
they are licicby, instiurtcd to mquiie whether John P. Van
one of the members of this House from the State of
New Yoik, setunied by said t~tate to scive as one ot its
member.-- in the Seventh Congi ess of the United Sutes. has
not since Ins election a^ a member of this TTon^e, and since
he occupicd a sent a-a member, accepted oi and exeici&ed
the office of a major ot nuiitia under the authority of the Uni-
ted State--, within the Terntoiy of Columbia, and thereby
forfeited Ins light to a seat as a member of this House.'-'—
Contested Elections, p. 1U2.
There was some debate upon it. The question
was referred, a report was made from the Com-
mittee of Elections, and the matter was finally
disposed of on the 17th of January, 1803. It was
debated by the sitting member,Mi. Van Ness, by
Mr. Bacon,from the Committee of Elections,by
Mr. Thomns, and by Mr. Randolph, and pretty
elaborately discussed. The sit ting member claimed
that he had accepted the position of major of mi-
litia in the District of Columbia without intending
to vacate his seat in the House of Representatives,
that the situation of major of militia in the Dis-
trict was an office without pay or emoluments, and
gave the reasons he thought proper to give in favor
of his claim to a seat. The Committee of Elec-
tions reported that, by accepting that office, he
vacated Ins seat in the House. It will be noticed
that in that case there was no contestant, but the
House took up the question of its own motion.
The yeas and nays being taken on the passage of
the resolution declaring the seat vacated by his
having accepted the office of major of militia of
the District of Columbia, it passed unanimously.
Since that, u seems to me there can be no ques-
tion as regards the fact that a military office, such
as that of major, and certainly such us that of
brigadier general, held under the authority of the
United States, is incompatible with a seat m either
House of Congress.
If the committee are warranted in their finding
of the facts in the present case, the result would
seem to be that the sitting member is not entitled
to hold his seat, for the simple acceptance of the
office of brigadier general is in contemplation of
law not a resignation of his seat here, but vacates
the seat here, Theie is no need of a formal res-
ignation. The Constitution operates at once with
full force and effect upon the act of acceptance.
The seat was as much vacated by the acceptance
of the office, if the office be incompatible, as it
