1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
124$
Mr. STEELE, of Now York. It occurs to me
that the person to whom the notice is to be de-
livered should be a member of the family of the
person for whom it is intended; otherwise it might
be delivered to some stranger who happened to be
found there. I move to amend in line six, after
tlie word "discretion," by insciting the words
" being a member of the family."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman include
servants in that expression, or otherwise?
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to know what
is to be done in case the man has no family?
Mr. STEELE, of New York. If there is no
person present with whom it is proper to leave
the notice, it is to be deposited in the nearest post
office, by the amendment which has just been
adopted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I oppose the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 51) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to inquire into the causes of the failure of
certain contracts for steam machinery, and to
remit penalties connected therewith; when the
Speaker signed the same.
The committee then resumed its session and
proceeded again to the consideration of the
tax bill.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
introduce, m the eleventh section, after the word
"home," these words: "or failure to receive
notice;" so that it will read:
And the person so failing or neglecting, unites in --a-'1 of
sickness oi absence hum home, oi failim- to icceive notice,
shall, nunenvor, foiini and pay the .sum of $100, except
when* othciwi^t' pioviflod ioi, to b ' lecovrieri tor iho use
of the United St:ite-, with coats of suit, m any couiihavuig
competent juusdictum.
I do not want to fine a man $100 when he has
received no notice, and 1 hope that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I move to in-
sert, in the same section, after the word il license,'
the words, " and in case of such refusal, the as-
sessor shall thereupon double the amount of the
items therein and."
Mr. Chairman, the bill in this particular is not
well guaidod. The penalty of $100 is not enough.
I can very well imagine that there may be many
cases where a pai ty would be willing to submit to
a penalty of $100. Such arc the cases where the
tax honestly rendered wuuld be largely in excess
of that penalty. The amendment winch I propose
will cover all cases whore there is a leiusal to
make a statement; and I think that the penalty it
inflicts for that refusal is not too severe. A man
, who refuses to make a return to the assessors
shows a desire to defraud the Government, and
he has no n<?ht to complain of this penalty. I
propose in all cases of a refusal to make a return
to the assessor, that the assessor shall make a fair
and equitable assessment of the items upon which
the tax is to be assessed, and then double it. I
think that that provision ought to be adopted to
better guard this bill.
Mr. MORXIILL, of Vermont. If the purpose
of the gentleman be what he states it to be, I do
not think that he accomplishes his object by his
amendment. The section to which he applies his
amendment not only provides for the penalty
which the gentleman has stated in the case of a
refusal to make a return to the assessor, but in
case of a fraudulent list being returned a much
higher penalty is annexed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I think that the
gentleman from Vermont is mistaken about my
amendment. This section provides if any person,
on being notified or required, shall refuse or neg-
lect to give such list or lists, then the assessor shall
make one out. And there is a penalty provided
for this refusal. If the party refuses to make out
a list and hand it to the assessor, the assessor may
make out a list, and moreover the paity refusing
will have to pay the sum ol $100. 1 propose that
tlie party refusing to make a return to the asses«oi
shall be subjected to further penalties—that he
shall pay double the amount that he otherwise
would have to pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be scpn
by this section of the bill that the party refusing
will not only have to pay upon the assessment of
the assessor, but $100 of a fine.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Suppose the
assessor is perfectly ignorant of the nature of the
business of the party assessed. If you compel
your assessors to know everything about every
man's business, you will have to have universal
geniuses. But that is not to be expected. You
will have an assessor going into a manufactory to
assess upon the property who is utterly ignorant
of its value, lie will go and make out the state-
ments on the refusal of the manufacturer to make
it, and he may fail far short of making the just
return of the amount due to the Government. I
submit that there should be an additional penalty
provided for all cases of refusal. There ought to
be such a penalty as will prevent all relusal to
make out statements for the assessors. I think
that my amendment will accomplish that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that the
amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. The words t£ absence from
home" arc rendered useless by an amendment by
which a notice will be served through the post
office, where the party is absent from home. I
think that sickncss should excuse him; and if he
dot*? not receive any notice, I think that he should
be excused. Those words, then, being superflu-
ous, I move that they be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRTSFIELD. I move to strike out the
words " persons and," in the sixteenth line, and
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman
having this bill in charge to the propriety of
striking out those woids. This is a verbal criti-
cism. \)y examining the sentence, it will be seen
that those woids are useless. I will read:
Pre. H. .Qndle if farther cnactcd. Thru if anv person, on
hem"- notified oi requned a- aforesaid, shall refuse oi neg-
lect lo give such U*t or list* within the tune icquircd as
afoie-aul, it Miall be the dutyol iho or lor the
mont distuet within which such person .shall reside, and he
is hereby authorized and required, to enter into ami upon
the pienii-es.K it be neces?iuy,oi mich poisons ho rehiring
or ncglectin^j and to make, aeeoidmg to the best uifoinisi-
tion winch lie can obtain, and on ins own view and inform
anon,such lists of properly, poods, wares, and meichamlise,
and all articles or objects liable to duty or taxation, owned
or possessed, or under the care oi management of such per-
son, as are lequneil by this act, including tile amount, if
anv, due lor license; which list^, so made and subscribed
bv*Mich assessor. Miall bo taken and reputed as good and
sufficient lists of the pcmiwmi<i piopertv for which such
petson is to he taxed tor the putposes of this act; and the
 ei-on so laihngor neglecting, unle^ in case of sickness or
ab<enc<> liom home, shall, moreover, toifeitand pay the
sum of £100, except where otheiwise piovided lor, to be_
lccoverei'l lor the use oi the United States, with costs ot
suit, in any couit having competent juusdietion.
I understand the word "persons," as well as the
word "property," is descriptive of the thing to be
taxed. The bill makes 110 provision for taxing
slaves. The words "persons and" are not ne-
cessary, mid I have moved, therefore, that they
be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be seen that this sec-
tion includes those who are to be taxed fur prop-
erty which they hold other than their own. Such
cases aie those who hold trust, or are the guard-
ians fur others. The words which the gentleman
proposes to strike out are necessary, and I hope
that they will not be stricken out.
Mr. CRISFIFXD. This bill taxes property
which is in trust, and not the person or the indi-
vidual. This can only refer to slaves.
Mr WALTON, of Maine. I think the diffi-
culty which the gentleman is laboring under can
be obviated by inserting a comma after the word
"persons," and one then after the word tax.
I move it as an amendment to the amendment
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to; and then the amendment was rejected.
aMr. SHEFFIELD. 1 want to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to this section. It may be that I will
propose an amendment to it. Are the persons to
be taxed for the property in the district wlieie it
may be, or are they to be taxed for it 111 the dis-
trict where they may reside ? . .
Mi. STEVENS. There is another provision
by which the assessment is to be made and re-
turned from one to the other—all assessment of
the property in the district where it is located,
which is to be transmitted to the district where
the party resides.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The difficulty, I under-
stand, is provided for. If it is not, w^e can pro-
vide for it hereafter.
Mr. ALDRICH. In the absence of my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and your colleague,
Mr. Chairman, I ask leave to move an amendment
to the twelfth section, which has been passed by,
which I know he would not have neglected if he
wore here. I hope there will be no objection.
Consent was granted.
Mr. ALDRICH. It will be seen that the letter
" a,"in the word " necessary, "is bottomup, and
I move that it be put right. [Great laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved tliat the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the tax bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
invalid pensioners.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to report to this House what charges, if any, are authorized
by law to be made against invalid pensioners for periodical
examination by physicians, or for any other purpose; and
whether any charges have been habitually made by any of
the pension agent* in excess of those authorized by law.
MILITARY DEFENSES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, also submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
RcsoUed. That the Committee on Military Affairs exam-
ine the whole system ot permanent defenses of the country
for the [impose ol ascertaining what modulations of the
old plans, it' any, aie requited to icpel the improved means
ot' attack, and to report by bill or otherwise.
stationery for committees.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
^Resoled, That the rostmaster be requested to report to
this llouse, at the earliest piaeliealile period, the amount
of stationery that has been turmshed and charged to the
several committees, respectively.
leave of absence.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave for my colleague,
Mr. Grider, to be absent from this House, in
order that he may go home. Although there is
sickness in his family, yet he is so conscientious
that he will not leave without the consent of the
House. I move that he have that consent.
It was so ordered.
duties on wool.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, presented the joint reso-
lutions of that State, !n relation to the duties on
wool; which were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PURCHASE OF COIN, ETC.
Mr. HOOPER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill to authorize the
purchase of coin and for other purposes, submit-
ted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R. Mo.
311) to authorize the pulclia^c of coin and for other pur-
poses, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows :
That the Hou«eof Representatives iccede fiom their dis-
agreement to the Senate's first amendment, and agree to
the same, with an amendment, as follows :
Strike out all after the wont" may," in the first line, to the
woid " at,'' in [he third line, and insert as follows : " pur-
chase coin witli any of the bonds or notes of the United
States authouzed by law." '
That the Senate concur in tlie amendment of the House
to the second amendment ot the s™**gSENDENj
J. COLLAMER,
W. J. WiLLEY,
Mawcrs on the part oj the Senate.
' S. HOOFER,
JOH.V W. CltlSFIELD,
Managers on the pari of the House,
The report of the committee of conference was
agAnd then, on motion of Mr. RICHARDSON,
(at twenty-five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned till Monday next.
