1862:
THE e0NGBESSlON;AL GLOBM.
3165
To-day I might content myself in defense by say-
ing that, if th© statements as to our indebtedness
and expenditure as made by the Secretary of-the
Treasury, by the gentlemen [Mr. Dawes and Mr.
McPherson] are true, we do not need the vast
amount that will be raised under this bill. If the
Secretary of the Treasury has not made a truth-
ful statement in this regard, he should not have
control of the amount, vast as it will be, which
you propose to raise.
But, sir, there existed reasons that were satis-
factory to my mind for the vote given that I shall
hereafter elaborate and only briefly allude to now.
The amendments made by the Senate in some
respects greatly improved the bill, in others made
it more objectionable. The principle upon which
the bill is based is erroneous and wrong. By your
tariff as now arranged, arid your tax bill as it
passed this House, the support of the Government
falls mainly and heavily upon the laborer and the
producer, not upon capital, which is capable to
pay and Should be made to pay. Under the opera-
tion of the tariff as it now exists, the poor laborer,
with a dozen persons in his family, pays into
the Treasury, indirectly it is true, more than the
richest man in New England. Under the tax bid
as it passed this House, and against which I cast,
my vote, some persons in my district will pay
three times as much into the Treasury as the man
worth his many millions in the city of New York.
Wealth,in great emergencies like this, should pay
the taxes; individuals fight the battles.
" Mr.HOLMAN. I ask my friend from Illinois
to allow me to make this single suggestion: the
tendency of his remarks would seem to array par-
ties against each other upon the tax bill. 1 trust
he will not forget a majority of the Democratic
party in this House voted for the tax bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Iam giving the reasons
why I voted against it, not assailing any Democrat
or Republican who voted for the bill.
The burdens of the tax bill fall most heavily
upon the section from which I come, and unequally
upon persons residing there. The tax bill, as it
passed this House, levied a tax on each hog slaugh-
tered often cents; head ofcattle, fifty cents; sheep,
five cents, unless killed for domestic use. The cen-
sus does not show the number killed, but the value.
In 1860, in Illinois alone, the value of animals
slaughtered was over fifteen millions. In the six
New England States together the value was less ^
than fifteen millions and one half. The entire tax
upon this head would come from the Northwest
and none from the East. Under the bill as itpasscd
tins House, the tax upon policies of insurance
falls heavily upon us. Upon transfers of real es-
tate, as that changes hands frequently in new set-
tled countries—and in old settled communities the
changes arc but seldom—the burden again is with
us. 1 might occupy the House in citing similar
oases; one other is deemed sufficient at this time.
Under the bill, as it passed this House, you levied
a duty of fifteen cents upon each gallon of whisky
manufactuied without regaid to its value when
manufactured. In Illinois, wc raise of corn nearly
six times as many bushels as you raise in all New
England together, and nearly three times as much
as the six'New England States together with New
York; in the six northwestern States of Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin,and Minne-
sota, about six times as much. A part of this is
manufactured into whisky, and it finds a market
at home and abroad; it is a cheap article, selling
usually at from twelve to twenty centsper gallon.
By the bill as it passed the House, no drawback
was allowed for that sent abroad. The tax as fixed
by this House destroyed the manufacture in the
Northwest, and would have driven into Canada
every manufacturer from that section.
Sir, in the six northwestern States that I have
already named, with a population of over five mil-
lion people, we have no member upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, while New England,
with a population of a little over three millions, has
two members; New York, with a population of
less than four million people has two members on
that committee. The Committee of Ways and
Means originate and report the tax and tariff bills,
and I venture the assertion that where any tax is
assessed upon an article manufactured in New Eng-
land, a duty equal to th« tax is placed in the tariff
bill, so that the price may be increased to the con-
sumer, and thus the New England manufacturer
be safe. 1 will add, sir, one thing more: all ®f New
England 'sinterestsare particulai ly guarded; when *
tax.is to be laid upon things in winch they are par-
ticularly interested it is lightly touched'. For in-
stance, you-levy a duty of three per cent, upon the
dividends of insurance companies, bank dividends,
&c.,and by your taxevery hundred dollars' worth
of tallow candles pays to the Government^ 50 tax,
while one hundred dollars' worth of diamonds pay
only three dollars. Upon lager beer, as the bill
passed the House, there was a tax of a dollar per
barrel; upon piano fortes, four dollars apiece. A
barrel of beer is worth about four dollars. The
tax was twenty-five cents on the dollar; on the
piano forte one percent, on the dollar,upon the av-
erage. As the law now exists, there is no duty upon
pianos and fifty cents upon the dollar's worth of
lager. I might run this parallel through. It is not
important 1 should do so now. It is said we can
remedy whatever of wrong there is in this bill
at the next session of Congress. Indeed this is the
promptand ready reply when any measure i-s urged
or passed to which objection is made. If wisdom in
legislation is exercised, if just and necessary acts
are, and unjust and unequal ones are made just and
equal, we must look to some future Congress. For
one, I have no hope from the present Congress,
who have done so much mischief to the country,
to civilization, and to mankind. -
I hope, I trust, I believe there is public virtue
and intelligence enough among the people to re-
pair in some degree the errors and follies this Con-
gress has committed. If there is not, the future of
our country is 'dark and gloomy enough.
Mr. HOLM AN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MORRIS, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
i-esumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ha<l, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and especially joint resolution H. R. No. 30,
in relation to Sanderson'a breech-loading cannon,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed, according to the request
of the Senate, upo* the bill of the House Ne>. 393,
known as the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
JACOB GATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further considera-
tion of the bill granting a pension to Jacob Gates.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, o£ Pennsylvania. Let the bill and
report be read, and then I am sure the gentleman
from New York will make no objection to it. It is
one of the most meritorious cases ever presented
to this House.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I insist upon my
motion.
CONTRACTS PROM THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman from
New York to waive that motion for a moment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 will.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask that Senate bill No.
358, to prevent members of Congress and officers
of the Government of the United States from tak-
ing consideration for procuring contracts, office,
or place from the United States, may be taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I renew my motion.
The question was put; and decided in the neg-
ative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to introduce a bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order. No business is in order, there being no
quorum present, as appeared upon the motion to
adjourn. I move there be a call of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 1862.
Prayerby theChap!ain,Rev. Dr. Sundkrla.nd.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITION.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of sla-
very under the war power; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a memorial
of the Representative Meeting of the Society of
Friends, in behalf of the Western Yearly Meeting
of Friends of western Indiana and eastern Illinois,
praying that peace and order may be established
among the nations in such way as to secure the
natural rights of "all men, asked to be discharged
from itsfurther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of citizens of New York,
praying for the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty
between the United States and Great Britain, and
a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of St.
Paul, Minnesota, remonstrating against the abro-
gation of that treaty, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of
officers of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Wy-
andotte and Q,uindaro Mission, Kansas Confer-
ence, praying indemnity for the destruction of
their church property during the troubles in Kan-
sas in 1856, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 74) for the relief of Charles McCor-
mick, assistant surgeon in the United States Army,
reported adversely thereon; and, on his motion,
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 79) for the relief of Assistant Surgeon
Edward P. Vollum, of the United States Army,
reported adversely thereon; and, on his motion,
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 524) pro-
hibiting the confinement of persons in the military
service of the United States in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia, except as a punishment
for certain crimes by sentence of courts-martial,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
PAY OF FIRST MINNESOTA SENATORS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the regular
order be postponed, and that the resolution relat-
ing to the pay of the first Senators from the State
of Minnesota be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, which
was submitted by Mr. Wilkinson on the 27th of
May:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Semite, to the Senators fnvt elected by the State of
Minnesota, compensation, as sued, from the commence-
ment of the session at which they were admitted to their
seats.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it been referred to
the Committee on Contingent Expenses?
Mr. WILKINSON. It has been referred, and
reported back by the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution,
Mr.SHERMAN. Isitproposed topaymoney
out of the contingent fund by a simple resolution
of the Senate ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
reasons for this payment.
Mr. RICE. I did not know that the resolution
would be called up this morning. I move that it
lie on the table. 1 am a party interested.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.' Foster
in the chair.) The motion is not debatable.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope it will not be laid
on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to know what it
means.
