1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 17, 1862-
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Seri-
ate of the 17th of December, 1861, information in
relation to the number and names of major gen-
erals, and of the officers who are performing duty
as such; also the number of officers and soldiers
connected with their staffs, and the rent of the
buildings occupied by them as offices; which, on
motion of Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AKD MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens of
the city of New York, praying; that Congress will
dispense with all further agitation of the slavery
question, and confine its attention to measures for
supporting the Government and supporting and
maintaining the Constitution; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT picsented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Annapolis to Covington, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of Cor-
nelius Wendell, praying for the settlement of his
accounts for dry-piessing dining the Thirty-Sixth
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Suiuh
A. Ward, widow of Commander James H. Watd,
United States Navy, praying for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition of one hundred and sixty legal voteisand
thirty-eight others, of Leominster, in the State of
Massachusetts, praying for the total abolition of
slavery under the war power; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEItOY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of
an act to secure the eaily completion of a railroad
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean; the
ratification of the treaty lately made with the Pot-
tawatomie Indian nation; and a grant to that State
of five millions of acres of the public lands to aid in
the construction of railroads; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Cleik, announced that the
House had passed the resolution of the Senate
(No. 65) to authorize the Secretary of War to
accept moneys appropriated by any State for the
payment of its volunteers, and apply the same as
diieeted by such State.
Also, that it had passed a bill (II. R. No. 366)
granting an invalid pension to William Sterry, of
the State of New York.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the ieport of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. J36) to provide for the
appointment of sutlers in the volunteer service,
and to define their dunes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced tiiat the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 13th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R, No. 299) to make an additional
article of wat; and
An act (II. R. No. 32G) to fulfill treaty impu-
tations with lIano\er.
And on the 14th instant the following acts:
An act (H. R. No.208) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, H(>3. am! additional appropriations
for the year ending 30th of June, lbG2; and
An act (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of Z. B,
Caverly, late secretary of legation at Lima, Peru.
PURCHASE OK COIN.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 341) to authorize the pur-
chase of coin, and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the "bill (II. It. No.
341) " to authorize the purchase of coin and for other pur-
poses,'' having mot, after full ami free conference have
agteed to recommend, and do lecoinmend, to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from theirdte-
agreement to the Senate's first amendment, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: Strike out all after
the word " may," in the first line, to the woid at." in the
third line, and inseit as follows : " purchase coin with any
of the bonds or notes of the United States, authorized In-
law."
That the Senate concur in the amendment ot the House
to the second amendment of the Senate.
W. Y. FESSENDEN,
J. COLLAMER,
W. T. W1LLEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. HOOPER,
J. W. CR1SF1ELD,
Managers on the -pait of the House.
The report was concurred in.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Folhet A. Whitney, on the
files of the Senate, he retired to the Committee on the
Distiict of Columbia
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, 'il)at the petition of Jame* G. Clarke, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foieign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That tin: resolutions ofthe Legislatuic of Maine,
in relation to coast n out ici dele uses ot that State, picsented
on the 13th instant, be ictened to the Committee on Mili-
taiy Allans; and the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 85) to pro-
vide for the quieting of certain land titles in the
late disputed territory in the State of Maine, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment. He stated that he did not ask for the print-
ing of the accompanying report, which was the
report made at the Thirty-Fifth Congress, it being
on the files of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
! Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
i whom was referred the bill (S. No. 235) providing
for the organization of Army corps and of staffs
attached to corps and divisions of the Army of the
United States, reported it with amendments.
IRON-CLAD VESSELS OF WAR.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inqune into the expudiencj and propriety of ap-
propuatmg money Millieient to make experiments in testing
and proving iion cladding foi ve^i-eN of war.
INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resoti ed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs lie in-
s-trueted to inquire as to the propuetv and expediency of
extending the <-outhe!n boundaiy of Kansas to the northern
houndaty of Texa*, bo as to include within the boundaries
ot Kansas the tcrutoiy known an the Indian territory; and
to ieport by bill ot otherwise.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, psked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a lull (>S. No. 236) to continue the pension
i of Christine Barnaul, widow of the late major
! (by brevet) Moses J. Barnard, United States
Army; winch was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
|i enrolled bills and joint lesoluuons; which theie-
r upon received the signature of the Vice Picsi-
i, dent:
|! A bill (H.R. No. 114) authorizing floats to
j! issue m satisfaction of claims against the United
ii States for land sold by them within the Las Or-
migas and La Nana grants in the State of Louisi-
ana;
A bill (H. R. No. 341) to authorize the pur-
chase of coin, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (S. No. 64) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Captain A. H. Foote, of
the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men under his command in the western flotilla;
and
A joint resolution (H.R.No. 51) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to inquire into the
causes of the failure of certain contracts for steam
machinery, and to remit penalties connected there-
with.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House (No. 366) granting an
invalid pension to William Sterry, of the State of
New York, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
OPENING OF SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. FOOT. 1 ask the Senate to consider abill
of mere local interest, and to which I presume
there will be no opposition—a bill (S. No. 226)
authorizing the opening of Sixth street west. I
move that it be taken up for present consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs that Sixth street west, from
the canal to Maine avenue, be opened, and a bridge
constructed across the canal on that street, under
the direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, in accordance with the plan approved in May,
1822, by James Monroe, then President of the
United States, and appropriates the sum of §3,000
for cai i y ing out its provisions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time and passed.
COMMAND OF TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up for consideration the joint resolution (S.
No. 68) to authorize the President to assign the
command of troops in the same field or depai tment
to officers of the same grade without regard to
seniority.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs if there is
any necessity for the last clause of this joint res-
olution. If there is not, I should doubt the ex-
pediency of passing it. I remember that that sub-
ject was very much discussed here several years
ago on a question raised by the then Senator from
Mississippi, Mr. Davis, who contended—and I
think it was the first time I ever heard it con-
tended—that the President had not the power of
dismissing an officer of the Army or Navy at his
pleasure. It was a subject of considerable dis-
cussion here; and I think by a very decisive vote,
almost unanimous, it was decided that the Pres-
ident had that power. It has been always sup-
posed that he had it. The Government has always
gone on the supposition that he had the power of
dismissing any officer from the Army or Navy
that he saw fit^and he has repeatedly exercised
it. If that is so, what is the reason for reenacting
it at this time? I wish the chairman would ex-
plain it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In a bill
passed by the Senate a day or two since, there
was a provision authorizing and requesting the
President to remove officers when in hisjudgment
the public service would be promoted by so doing.
( Mr. IIALE. That was in regard to thevolun-
| tecr corps, was it not?
| Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It applied
to both. That bill is now in the House of Repre-
sentatives; butas it is abill that contains twenty-
five sections, it will take some little time probably
before it will be reached. The Secretary of War
is very anxious that this provision should go in
this joint resolution. I believe myself that the
' President has this power, and I think he ought to
exercise it in some cases; but it is a power that
ought to be exercised with the greatest care, and
I think it would be so excrcised. But at the same
time a question has been raised in regard to it; and
perhaps the passage of this resolution might be
an indication to the President that Congress was
willing to clothe him with the power, and willing
