THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
.and misdemeanors, be carried to the Senate by the man-
agers appointed to conduct the impeachment.
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate toinfoim
them thatthisffonse have appointed managers on their part
to conduct the impeachment against West H. Humphreys,
and have directed the said manager* to carry to the Senate
the articles of impeachment agreed upon by the Bouse to
be exhibited in maintenance of their impeachment against
the said West H« Humphreys.
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM, I ask that the articles of
impeachment be ordered to be printed.
it was so ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the votes
by which the articles of impeachmentand the res-
olutions were adopted; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to yield to me a moment
that I may present some resolutions, to have them
read, and to see whether the House will act upon
then now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no ob-
jection to hear them read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask to have a dispatch read,
as a basis of these resolutions.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object.
MESSAGE FUOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, a bill (H.
R. No. 2G0) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment,and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1863; and had also passed, without amendment,
a joint resolution relating to the time of holding
the second session of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Colorado.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the naval ap-
propriation bill wan referred to the Committeeon
Naval Allaire, I made thatmotion, notfor the pur-
pose of preventing any proper amendments which
the Committee on Naval Affairs might see fit to
propose. But to keep it within the control of the
House, nnd if it should be inferred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, it could not be reported
until that committee should be called. Now, un-
less we consider this bit! to-day, as there is a spe-
cial ouler for to-morrow which will undoubtedly
consume the entire week, we shall not be able to
reach this bill and pass it as soon as it ought to be
passed. I therefore hope, as the Committee on
Naval Affairs have informally prepared all the
amendments which they desire to propose, that we
shall reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to that committee; and if it be reconsidered,
I shall then propose to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for the pur-
pose of taking up that bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Dues the gentleman
from Vermont desire to have the bill passed to-
day ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Without debate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir. I pro-
pose, with the consent of the House, if 1 can get
it, to have debate closed at two o'clock to-day, or
about that lime.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let the gentleman allow
two or three hours for debate. We have passed
all the gcncial appropt iation bills without de-
bate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I propose to
allow a couple of hours for debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. Say Lhree o'clock
for the close of debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well. I
move the previous question on the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I aslc the gentleman from
Vermont to withdraw the previous question, that
I may introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There aie sev-
eral gentlemen asking me to yield for various
purposes. I think I must decline.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to make a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a per-
sonal explanation. My attention has been called
to the following paragraph, which occurs in the
remarks 1 submitted to the House a few days
since in the discussion of the pension bill:
" My attention has been called to two committees to
which have been assigned special duties by this Hou?e. J
refer to the John Sheiman committee and the committee
on (jovemment contracts. The former of the two, the Sher-
man committee, received eight dollars a day, while the latter
one, to which the gentleman refers, barely received its trav-
eling expenses while engaged in the service of the Govern-
ment. The members of that committee were engaged in
several parts of the country attending to the interests of the
Government when the other members of this House were
at their homes attending to their private affairs."
I am assured that the committee referred to only
received their actual expenses while employed
away from the Capitol. I assume that such is the
fact. Such being the case, that committee and
the special committee on Government contracts
received the same compensation—expenses in-
curred. I made the statement during the debate
on the authority of a gentleman by my side. I
presume his information was incorrect. Itaffords
me a great deal of pleasure, sir, to make this cor-
rection at the earliest practical moment.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on discharging the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill, and referring the same to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. Is that bill in com-
mittee? I understood that the motion was merely
to recon.sider the vote by which it was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I suppose
another motion is necessary to send it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
motion to reconsider to include both motions.
Mr. Morrill's motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasii-
burnh in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the House bill (No. 423) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863.
By unanimous consent the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
Mr. HUTCHINS addressed the committee for
an hour upon the subject of the postal system of
the United States. [Ilis icniarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire
this morning to submit a few remarks for the con-
sideration of the House and the country. It is
not my purpose to discuss questions pertaining to
the army already in the field, which, if judiciously
officered and managed, is able to crush out the
rebellion. I shall direct my attention, therefore,
to the consideration of some of the many new
questions which are continually arising during the
progress of this terrible civil war.
Mr. Chairman, there is a manifest anxiety, cin
overweening desire, a persistent purpose upon the
part of prominent members of the dominant party
in this Government, to place upon terms of equal-
ity and make participants with us in the rights of
American citizenship an inferior race. The ne-
gro race, winch is incapable of either comprehend-
ing or maintaining any form of government—by
whom liberty is interpreted as licentiousness—is
sought to be exalted, even at the cost of the deg-
radation of our own flesh and blood.
We all remember with what intense satisfaction
a reoen t order of the Secretary of State, Mr. Sew-
atd, one of the chief clerks of the President, was
received in certain quarters, because it declared
that no fugitive slave should be retained in cus-
tody longer than thirty days, unless " by special
order of competent civil authority."
That I may do no injustice to the head of the
State Department and his unwarranted assump-
tion of power, I quote the official paper itself.
Department of State, Washington,
January 25, 1862.
Sir; The President of the United States being satisfied
that the following instructions contravene no law in force
in this District, and that they can he executed without wait-
ing for legislation by Congress, I am directed by him to
convey them to you:
As maishal of the District of Columbia you will not re-
ceive into custody any poisons claimed to be held to service
or labor within the District or elsewhere, and not charged
with any crime or misdemeanor, unless upon arrest or com-
mitment, pursuant to law, as fugitives fiom such service or
labor; and you will not retain any such fugitives in cus-
tody beyond a period of thirty days from their arrest and
commitment, unless by special order of competent civil
authority.
You will forthwith cause publication to be made of this
order, and at the expiration of ten days thereftom you will
apply the same to all persons so claimed to be held to service
or labor, and now in your custody.
This order has no relation to any arrests made by military
authority.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
While Mr. Seward was issuing this order for a
general jail delivery of the negroes, he was also
sending, under a usurpation of power, and in vio-
lation of the laws and the Constitution, hundreds
of white men and women to fill the cells of the
prisons in this District and throughout the loyal
States. Against many of these white men and
white women thus incarcerated by this despotic
Secretary of State, no charge has ever been made;
they aie imprisoned without the form or author-
ity of law, and thus the personal liberty of the
Caucasian is ruthlessly violated while the African
is most tenderly and carefully guarded, even to
the nullification of State enactments and the na-
tional statutes. Let a rumor become current that
a negro has been deprived of personal liberty—
either in this Districtoranywhereelse—and there
are dozens of Republican members upon this floor
striving to obtain theattention of the House while
they may offer resolutions inquiring by what law,
by whom, when, and where, these objects of their
undivided affections may have been arrested. But
never yet have any of those philanthropic gentle-
men made inquiry for the law or the authority
under which white American citizens have been
kidnapped by the State Department, dragged from
their homes, and left to pine and die, perchance,
in some of the many basules which this Admin-
istration has established.
It is well known, sir, that if any white citizen,
perhaps a father or brother, desires to visit a rela-
tive or acquaintance m the military service of this
Government, he is obliged to secure a "pass''
from sonic competent authority; and to obtain
this, he is required upon his honor to declare his
loyalty and fidelity to the Government. Rut the
negro goes and comes within the lines of our Arm y,
whether his destination be towards or from the
enemy; the color of the black man is his pass-
port, and is received as equivalent to the pledge
of honor and of loyalty upon the part of a white
person.
In this District you have abolished slavery.
You have abolished it by compensation, by add-
ing 01,000,000 to the national debt, and a tax of
$73,000 to be paid annually, as interest upon this
sum, by taxes imposed upon the laboring white
people of these States. Not satisfied with doing
this much for your especial favorite, you extend
the freedom of this city and the hospitality of the
Government to all the runaway negroes in the
country who choose to visit the District of Co-
lumbia. You issue rations to them day after day,
and week after week, rations which must bo paid
for through the sweatand toil of tax-ridden white
men. You are thus supporting in indolence hun-
dreds upon hundreds of black men. How many
and at what cost I am unable to state, because
when a resolution, asking for this information,
was introduced by the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] it was immediately tabled by
the Republican majority upon the other side of
this House. Those gentlemen dare not let this
information go to the country; they shrink from
the exposure which a truthful reply to such in-
quiry would make. The resolution of Mr. Cox
also asked for the number of negroes employed as
teamsters in the Army, and at what wages; but
this was equally objectionable, for it would have
illustrated the fact that negroes by the hundred
are receiving better pay as drivers than our own
white sons and brothers are for periling their lives
