THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
9PT"j«WBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, B. <L
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1862.
New Series.....No. 15.,
, . , "rtr" ■
Now, sir, to say that the President had no. au-
thority to make this appointment, and that the. •
appointment is in valid, does not answer for a party .
who accepts office thus conferred,because a nj8  .
shall not accept office from the hand of theExec-
utive, exercise the functions of the officfe, and"
then be allowed to turn round and say, I was
not legally appointed. The answer to him. is>
you arc estopped from saying that, because yctvi
have attempted to perform the functions of the
office; you have held yourself out to the publicas
such officer; you have claimed to hold that office;
you have received, it may be, its honors and its
emoluments; and, under these circumstances, you
have settled the question, so far as yoy are con-
cerned, in regard to the authority of the appoint-
ing power. Other parties may take advantage of
informalities, but not the party who has thus acted
under the authority. This argument, founded on a
denial of authority, assumes that the President,
with the intent to usurp power, claimed and ex-
ercised a prerogative which did not belong' to him,
or that the President, ignorant of his real powers,
attempted the exercise of one which he did not
possess—that he undertook to appoint to officc
when he had no power under the Constitution or
law to make the appointment. Now the party
accepting the office must have conspired with the
President in the first place, either to usurp power,
or else, ignorant alike with the President of the real
powers belonging to that high office, supposed the
appointment could legally be made, ana so hon-
estly accepted it. The person making the claim
of want of authority must be driven to the one or
the other of these alternatives. The party accept-
ing the appointment clearly ought to be estopped
from adopting either of them, and then denying
the power of appointment.
In whatever light we view this question, the
sitting member was a brigadier general of volun-
teers de facto, at the least. Even if the President
was without constitutional power, without legal
power, to appoint him, still he was an officer de
facto. The principle has been settled, I believe,
divers times. I have butasingle authority, how-
ever, to which I shall allude, and that is a case
reported in Monroe's Kentucky Reports, on the
82d page, being the case of the justices of Jeffer-
son county us. Clark. It appears from the case—I
will not read it at any length—that at that time the
constitution of Kentucky provided a mode for the
appointment of justices of the peace in this wise:
the county court for each county, a majority ot
the justices being present, if there was need of an
additional justice in the county, or need of a jus-
tice of the peace in a county, should nominate two
suitable persons to theGovernorof theState.and
from one of those two persons the Governor was
to make the appointment and commission him as
such. The justices of Jefferson county, in that
State, at a meeting of the court, a majority of the
judges being present, according to the constitu-
tion, made a nomination of two individuals, one
by the name of Lawrence and the other by the
name of Clark, to the Governor of the State. The
Governor commissioned Mr. Lawrence as a jus-
tice of the peace. He took the commission, and
in a short time made up his mind not to accept it,
and hence the county had no justice under the
appointment. The Governor then commissioned
Mr. Clark, the other person nominated, and Mr.
Clark took his seat once, or acted once, as a ma-
gistrate, and subsequently appeared at the court
and claimed to exercise his authority. The jus-
tices would not allow him to do so, on the ground
that his appointment was unconstitutional, that
the Governor had no power to appoint him. The
question came up before the highest court in that
State, and was by them passed upon; and the
court, after an elaborate examination of the ease,
and after a very full consideration of it, unani-
mously came to the result that the Governor was
entirely without any power to appoint the man
claiming the office of justice of the peace to that
office; that the Governor had acted upon a proper
nomination, and had appointed o.ne of the nomi-
nees, and that there his power under the consti-
of brigadier generals, authorized by law, in the
service, may be made out of the acts existing on
the 20th of June; and I think a man after reading
over these acts, and comparing them carefully,,
will hesitate before saying that it is perfectly cer-
tain how many brigadier generals were provided
for by law. If the Executive chose to take one
view of the question, a certain number would be
the result; and if he chose to take another view,
the result arrived at would be different.
But suppose there was no vacancy; suppose that
on the 20th of June we grant, that according to the
existing provisions of the statutes of the United
States, there was no vacancy whatever for the Pres-
ident to supply—what then? Why, sir, we must
look at the condition of the country at that time.
In the month of April, as we all know, an armed
rebellion against the Constitution and law's, the
very existence of the United States of America,
was set on foot; and large bodies of armed men
have been in the field from thatday to this;threat-
ening the existence of our country, endeavoring
to subvert and to destroy it, to scatter this Gov-
ernment to the winds, and blot out the United
States from existence among the nations. The
President of the United States, under these circum-
stances, did what, as a patriot and as the Presi-
dent, he was bound to do. He called upon the
loyal men of the country to rally in defense of the
capital, at the very gates of which the rebels were
thundering. He called upon the loyal men over
the wliole country; and they came, sir,
" They came as the winds come when forests are rended;
They camp as the waves come when navies are stranded."
And having got these gallant and faithful men
here to defend the capital, is he without power to
appoint an officer to command them ? If so, he has
done his country no service, and himself no honor;
but it is not so. He had a right; it was his duty;
his name would have gone down with infamy upon
the page of histoiy if he had not done as he did—
callcd his countrymen to the rescue. Calling upon
them, he had the right, and it was his duty to ap-
point officers to command and lead them; and he
did so. General Lane is one of those appointees.
If there is no special legislation on our statute-
book to provide for it, I say it is provided for in
the exigency of the time—an exigency raising us
higher,^! a certain sense, than the Constitution
itself; for the Constitution supposes a country,
and is necessary only when there is a country in
existence; and here the question was as to the ex-
istence of the nation, the life of the nation. I say,
then, here there is power.
But suppose I am wrong; suppose there is no
p0Wcr—vvhat then? Why, sir, look at our legis-
lation. There is no question that Congress, with
the President, has power to do acts of this descrip-
tion, if the President has not alone. What did the
Congress of the United States do on the 6th of
August last, at their special session? Why, sir,
they passed an act, which is found on page 326 of
the pamphlet voiume of the laws, chapter sixty-
three; the third section being in these words:
"Jhiti be it further enacted, That all the acts, proclama-
tions, and orders of the Presidentof the United States, re-
specting the Army and Navy of tiie United States, and call-
ing out, or relating to the militia or volunteers Horn the,
Staies, are hereby approved, and in all respects legalized
and made valid, to the same intent, and with the same effect,
as if they had been l-sued and doneunderthe previous ex-
press authority and direction of the Congress of the United
States.
"Approved, August 6, 1861."
Now, Mr. President, the Congress of the United
States might, in the month of April, surely have
passed an act giving to the President power to
issue the proclamations that he issued, substan-
tial!}'" in the terms in which he did issue them,
should the exigency arise. There can be no doubt
about that. They also could have passed an act
giving to the President power to make appoint-
ments of brigadier gcnerals,or any other officers,
prior to the :20th of June last, and given the Presi-
dent the power ofappointment. There is no doubt
about that. Suppose we had passed such acts as
those at the time I have indicated, would there
have been any question then in regard to the
15
power of the President to make this appointment?
Would there have been any question whether
or not it was a good appointment. I apprehend,
none in the world. If not, this act makes all
the acts of the President just as valid, just as
effective, as if it had previously been passed, for
we clearly have a right to pass a validating, con-
firming act in regard to the doings of any officer of
the Government at any time. \Ve may validate
and confirm his acts so far forth of course that they
donotviolate the Constitution of the country. We
can validate any act which we could previously
have authoiized to be done. No doubt. Congress
can authorize the President of the United States
to appoint a brigadier general. In that state of
things, if he does appoint one without theauthority
of Congress previously conferred, they may, after
the act has been done by him, ratify and confirm
it, making it, to all legal intents and purposes, the
same as though the act had previously been passed.
Thus much as done by this act.
We have, then, the support of the legislative
power of the country upon this proceeding of the
President validating and confirming it so far as
Congress is competent to do it. It is not, there-
fore, any real objection to say that the President
had no power to do this He only lacked the
authority of Congress, and we have given it to
him, and thisactof Congress is not for the future,
as ordinary laws are, for it would be no benefit
then; it is for the past, a retroactive law, and in-
tended to be so. That is the object of it. It would
be good for nothing unless that was its character
and effect.
I say, then, Mr. President, on the assumption,
for the argument's sake, that there was a lack of
authority on the part of the President of the Uni-
ted States on the 20th of June last to make this
appointment, it has been ratified and confirmed
by the action of Congress since that time with a
retroactive effect, making it perfectly valid when
it was done.
But waiving all this, even supposing,Mr. Presi-
dent, that this subsequent legislation has not
healed any infirmity, conferred no lacking power,
failed of effect altogether upon this unauthorized
act of the President, I still insist that the sitting
member is excluded from his seat under this pro-
vision of the Constitution to which I have referred.
That provision is section sixth of the first articlc
of the Constitution. The whole of the paragraph
reads thus:
" No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he was elected, be appointed to any civil office under
the authority of the United States which shall have been
cieated, or "the emoluments wlieieof shall have been in-
creased, during such time ; and no peison holding any office
under the United States shall be a niemberof either House
during his continuance in oifiec."
I say, waiving the question as to the effect of
the legislation of Qongress on the subject, the sit-
ting member is not permitted, under that clause,
to hold his seat; because, so far as he or those
who claim for him are concerned, he and they are
estopped from denying the power of the President
to confer an appointment which he has accepted,
and the duties of which he has attempted to per-
form. It docs not, I say, lie either in the mouth
of the sitting member, or those who speak for him,
to set up such a claim as that there was no power
in the Executive to make the appointment; that
it was an invalid, unlawful, or unconstitutional
appointment.
You are aware, Mr. President—every lawyer
is aware—that the doctrine of estoppel under cer-
tain circumstances is considered odious, because
it is said to shut out the truth, and therefore it is
odious to the law, the law preferring that the truth
and the whole truth shall be heard. But there are
circumstances where the doctrine of estoppel is so
far from being odious, that it would be odious not
to apply it. Those cases are where, if a party might
be heard, there might be fraudor falsehood palmed
off,and made toappear for truth and honesty; and
where a party might take advantage of his own
wrong. Unuer such circumstances, the doctrine
of estoppel, so far from being odious, is highly
salutary,*and ought surely to be applied.
