nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IT.
Hver the same to the proper authorities at such foreign port
on,arrival there; and as a compensation for this service they
shall be entitled to receivo from the Post Office Department
the usual ocean postage on such mails: Provided, That this
act shall be applicable only to steamers or sailing vessels
having 110 contract foi canying the mails.
•£«<? be it further enartpd, That any American vessel,
clearing from a foreign port or place for or to any port or
place in the United States, shall take and receive any mail
or mail matter placed on boaid said vessel by the United
States consul, or by the post office officers of such foreign
port or place for the United States, and shall safely convey
and deiivei the same 10 the post office of the place of ar-
rival in the United States,
And be it further enacted. That upon the entry of every
steamer or sailing vessel from any foreign port, the master
or commander thereof shall make a return, on oath or affirm-
ation, showing that he has ptomptly delivered all mails
placed on board o£ the steamer or vessel under his com-
mand for delivery. And in case the master or commander
shall fail to make oath or affirmation as aforesaid, showing
that he has delivered the mails placed on board his steamer
or"vessel in good faith, the said steamer or vessel shall not
be entitled to the privileges of a steamer or ve&sel of the
United States.
Mr. FESSENBEN. I should like to inquire
what is the necessity for these provisions, and
what their object is? Is any penalty affixed for
their violation ? I did not notice that any penalty
was provided for refusing to receive a mail.
Mr. LATHAM. If they do not receive the
mails, the penalty is that they cannot clear; and
if they do not bring the mails on their return, they
cannot enter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A good deal of this legis-
lation comes from committees without explana-
tion. I think legislative provisions ou«ht to be
understood by the Senate before they are adopted,
especially on appropriation bills. I do not like to
have too much legislation on appropriation bills.
I warn the Senator from California that the House
of Representatives is very strict in regard to that;
and any legislation which we attach here stands
in danger there. I can raise no question of order,
because I believe the amendment is in order when
recommended by a committee. This legislation
may perhaps be very necessary. I do not know;
but unless it is, I shall object to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. if gentlemen desire to
understand it, I will state briefly what this propo-
sition is. We have a very important mail which
is carried from New York to the Isthmus of Pan-
ama, and from Panama by the British mail steam-
ers down the west coast of South America to
Valparaiso, touching at intermediate points. That
is a very important mail to all our people con-
cerned in the whale fisheries, for Valparaiso is
their great point of business. That mail has been
brought by the British steamers up to Panama,
across the Isthmus by railroad, and then by what-
ever steamers were running between New York
and Aspinwall. Two weeks ago the Department
received notice from Mr. Vanderbilt, of New
York, that after the 21st or 25th of this month the
company of which he is the head, owning the line
of steamers from New York to Aspinwall, would
no longer carry the mail on their steamers. They
have carricd this mail heretofore and received the
pay provided by law, the ocean and inland post-
ages. The Department were unable to make any
arrangement with him. "That was the groat point
of service we wanted of him. I believe—and here
I am perhaps going at large on my belief—that
Mr. Vanderbilt was not very well satisfied with
the Government setting up the overland mail to
California. Our mails to California were formerly
canied by the way of the Isthmus, at very great
expense, under a ten year contract, which was
renewed for a short time on its expiration. When
the daily overland mail was set up at an expense
of $],000,000 a year to carry all the mails to
California, we ceased all other arrangements for
carrying mails to California; nor do I know that
the people there require or ask for another mail
service. It is important, though, to have the mail
carried from New York to Panama for the pur-
pose of going down the west coast of South
America. The committee saw no other way of
securing it, but by providing that, if American
ships will not take the mails at the price which
the law fixes—that is, the ocean and inland post-
age—they shall have no clearance. There is no
other way ot accomplishing the purpose., unless
we undertake to subsidize all the steam lines run-
ning across the Atlantic and everywhere else—a
policy which has long since been given up.
That is the object of tins amend merit, it is? not,
to be sure, leveled particularly at the Panama ser-
vice or at Air. Vanderbilt, but makes it impera-
tive that all American steamers shall carry the
mails, for the ocean and inland postage, to those
countries to which they are going, and only to
the port or place which is their destination. They
are not bound to go out of their way, nor do any-
thing particularly for the Government; but it is
simply provided that they shall carry the mail
and deliver it, and if they do not take it to deliver
they shall not have a clearance; and also that they
shall bring home direct to their port of destina-
tion the mails that are delivered to them in a for-
eign port, and that if they do not they shall not
have the privileges of American bottoms. That
is the substance of the amendment. Though the
occasion of passing it has arisen in the manner I
have stated, still that occasion may be renewed
again on other routes where we shall equally need
service.
I ought here to say further that I have received
information that Mr. Vanderbilt has withdrawn
the notice to which I have alluded. He says he has
been misunderstood. He had the impression that
we were putting on his line the carrying of mails
to Panama which were really to be sent up to San
Francisco, and were thus making him do the work
which the Overland Mail Company has agreed to
do. I believe there is no foundation for saying
that there has been any such misdirection of pa-
pers. That being the case, he says he withdraws
the notice. Whether he will renew it or not, I do
not know. Whether, if the session passes off
without our making any law about it, he will not
again give notice that he means to stop, I cannot
say.
Objection is made to putting the provision on
this bill. In regard to that, I can only say that
the Post Office Committee regarded this amend-
ment as much required for the public service, and
just and right in itself, and we proposed to put
it here, because in that way it would be more
likely to go through the House of Representatives
promptly than if we passed it in a separate bill.
A separate bill has been reported and lies on the
table now, containing these provisions. The com-
mittee were of opinion that we should get along
quicker by putting this amendment on the appro-
priation bill, and that is the reason they have pro-
posed it here.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state, in addition to
what the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has said, that it not only
applies to those mails going to Panama that are
to go to the South American coast, but it is also
necessary for those mails coming from the South
American coast to our Pacific ports. Letters are
brought from South American ports to Panama;
and if the steamship company saw fit to refuse to
carry them, there would be no means of getting
them from Panama to San Francisco unless they
were sent to New York, and from New York
across the country.
When I called the attention of the Senate to
this subject the other day, 1 indulged in some
very stringent remarks relative to the course of
the gentleman who owns the entire line, I believe,
plying between New York and Aspinwall, and
has a considerable interest in the line going from
Panama to San Francisco. I probably ought to
have excepted in those remarks the company
known as the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
plying between San Francisco and Panama. I
have no reason to believe that there has been any
disposition on the part of that company to be dis-
obliging to the Government or to the public. On
the contrary, I am perfectly aware that when the
contract for carrying the mail by steamship ex-
pired a year ago this spring, that company con-
tinued to carry the mail for the accommodation of
the public to the Isthmus, where it lay, I think,
two trips, the company on this side being unwill-
ing to bring it forward. The reason why I did
not except this company in the general remarks
that I made the other day was the fact that, in the
communication directed by Mr. Vanderbilt to the
Postmaster General, and to the Committees on
the Post Office and Post Roads, he spoke, not
only for his own line, but also for the line plying
between San Francisco and Panama; and speak-
ing as he did, as it were by authority, I did not
except it. I now state to the Senate that, so far
as the Pacific Mail Steamship Company is con-
cerned, I have never seen, except in this instance,
and probably then I did them injustice, any man-
ifestation of a disposition not to oblige the public,
The line is an admirable one, has polite and good
officers; has not only benefited the Pacific coast;
and I am sure there never would have been any
misunderstanding with that company but for the
interest and influence of Mr. Vanderbilt. This
amendment is proper for the reason that no ship
sailing from any port of the United States under
the protection of our flag should refuse to carry
the mails which belong to foreign ports. If they
enjoy the protection of our laws and our flag,
they ought, before they sail, to receive the mails
destined to a foreign port, receiving therefor the
usual ocean postage. It is not just or proper that
either steamships or sailing vessels should be al-
lowed to refuse to do this, and thereby hamper
commerce. Therefore, I say Congress ought to
pass a law of this kind as a matter of public policy.
Mr. SUMNER. After the very clear state-
ments that have been made by the Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from California, I be-
lieve the necessity of this amendment will be ap-
parent to the Senate; but as I had the honor of
introducing this provision as a bill some days ago,
I venture to add a word or two to what has already
fallen from Senators. I believe it meets an exi-
gency of the public service at this precise moment.
We understand that on the 21st of this month Mr.
Vanderbilt will refuse to carry the mails, and there
is no provision to meet that refusal. Under these
circumstances, the Postmaster General has ap-
plied to Congress for some provision to enable him
to carry the mails. Merchants in Baltimore, in
Philadelphia, and in New York, have petitioned
Congress for the same purpose. I have had the
honor of presenting those petitions. The case, as
presented by them, was strong. It was the same
case that has been presented by the Senator from
Vermont to-day. It seems to me there can be no
question that it is a case on which Congress ought
to act. The question then occurs whether it should
act on this appropriation bill, tie re comes the
suggestion of the Senator from Maine, that the
House may possibly hesitate to adopt this prop-
osition when it finds it on the appropriation bill.
Sir, I believe the House will sec the exigency pre-
cisely as we see it; and they will see that, unless
the bill is passed promptly, it will fail of its spe-
cial object. But even if the House might hesitate,
I do not know that that can be any reason why the
Senate should. It seems to me, it belongs to us
to pass such a bill as soon as possible; and as the
best way of doing that is by attaching it to the
appropriation bill, it seems to me it should be done
in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am friendly to the object
of this amendment; but I wish to understand it
before it is adopted, and I will make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads on the subject. If i under-
stand it, the letter postage to Valparaiso is twenty-
four cents, or thereabouts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that! can
answer what is the British mail postage on the
other side to South America.
Mr. SHERMAN. But this is the point I wish
to get at: by the amendment, the Government of
the United States is bound to pay to the American
vessels the ocean postage.
Mr. COLLAMER. And all inland postage on
the same paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose alctter is sent from
New York to Valparaiso; it is sent by an Ameri-
can vessel to the Isthmus, and after crossing the
Isthmus is sent by a Bt itish vessel to Valparaiso;
how is that postage divided?
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose, for instance, the
letter is mailed here in this city and sent to New
York and put in that mail. We allow our mail
steamer for carryingit, the ocean postage from here
to Aspinwall and the postage from Washington
to New York. At Panama, it goes on board the
British steamer, and the postage is paid by those
who receive it, at the post office at Valparaiso or
Callao.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another case. Sup-
pose a letter is sent by way of Panama to San
Francisco. If I understand it correctly, we would
receive but ten cents postage. I will ask whether
or not, under the peculiar phraseology of this
amendment, the Post Office Department would not
be bound to pay ocean postage on both sides?
Mr. COLLAMER. It was not intended or ex-
pected that any letter should be sent by that mail
to San Francisco at all.
