3168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8.
tee on Finance recommend two amendments to
this section, which will be read and considered in
their order.
The Secretary read the first amendment) which
was in line fifteen, to strike out the word " three,"
and insert " two and three fourths;" so as to read,
" on all sugar above No. 12 and not above No.
15, Dutch standard in color, 21 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment, which
wasinlineeighteen.tostrikeoutthe word " four"
and insert " three;" so as to read, " on all sugar
above No. 15, not stove-dried, and not above No.
20 Dutch standard in color, 3 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section two, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jinil be itfurther enacted, Thatfiom and after the
day and your afoiosaid, in addition to the duties heietofoie
imposed by law, on the articles hereinafter mentioned, ami
included in this suction, there shall he levied, collected,
and p.iid on the uood**, wares, and merchandise herein enu-
merated and piovided for, impoited from foreign countries,
the following duties and rates of duty, that is to say; on
brandy, for fiist pi oof, 2.") cents per gallon; on other pphits,
manufactured or distilled fioin giain or other mateiials, for
first proof, 25 cents per gallon ; on cordials and liquors of
all kinds, and ai rack, absynthe, knschenvvas8er,ra.ianu,aiul
other similar spirituous beverages not otherwise provided
for, 25 cents per gallon ; on bay rum, 25 cents per gallon; on
ale, porter, and beer, in bottles or othei wise, 5 cents per gal-
lon ; on aH spirituous liquors not otherwise enumerated,
"16$ ot'l per cent. ad valorem: Provided. That no lower rate
or amount of duly shall be levied, collected, and paid, on
brandy, spirits, and all other spirituous beverages, than that
fixed by law for the description of fir«t proof, but shall be
increased in proportion for any greater strength than the
strength of first proof?, Jlnd provided further, That bottles
containing wines subject to ad valorem duties shall be lia-
ble to and pay the same rate of duty as that fixed upon tlie
wines therein contained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Financeproposetoamend this section in line
ten, by striking out " twenty-five," and inserting
" fitly;" so as to read, " on other spirits, manu-
factured or distilled from grain or other materials,
for first, proof, 50 cents per gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty, to
strikeout after the words " two thii ds,*' the words
"of one," so as to read, " on all spirituous liquors
not otherwise enumerated, 16| per cent, ad valo-
rem,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section three, as follows:
tffie. 3. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the dav and year afoiesaid, In addition to the duties here-
tofore imposed by lawoij the articles hereinafter mentioned
and Included in tliU*ectiou, there shall be levied,collected,
and paid, on the goods, waics, and merchandise, heiem
enumerated and provided for, Imported from foreign conn-
Mies, the following duties and rates of duty, that Is to say :
<m bar iron, rolled or hammered, eomju inng flats not les«
than una inch or more than seven inches wide, nor le^s
than one quarter of an inch or more than two inches thick;
loumh not less than one half an inch noi moic than four
ihfin's <n diameter ; and square* not lest, than one half an
inch nor moie than lour inches square, not exceeding in
value the sum of $50 per ton, ."§1 50 per ton; exceeding in
v.dtio Ihcsumof .$;>U perton,£3 per ton ; on bar iron, lollort
or hnininered, comprising Hats less thun one quarter of an
inch thick or more than xeven Inches wide, louuds less than
 >u« hall'an Inch \>i more than foui inches in diameter, ami
mhuih'h less than one half an Inch ormorethan four inches
equate, §5 per ton; on all iron imported in bars for i:ul-
•oads and inclined plains made to patterns and fitted to be
laid dusvn on Mich loads or plains without further manu-
faetiiie,$t 50 per urn ; on boilei plate iron,$5 per ton ; on
Iron wue, diawu and finished, not more thaiione fourth of
an Inch in diameter nor less than No. 16, wue gauge, &1
per one hundred pounds i over No. Hi and not over No. 25,
wile gauge, 81 o() per one bundled pounds; over or finer
thun No. *2j, wiie gauge, $2 pei one hundred pounds; on
holiow-waie, glazed oi tinned, one half cent per pound;
oh yadiions, tailor's and hatters irons, stove*, and stove
plates, one quarter ot one cent per pound; on hand ami
houp iron and slit iods,and all other desci iption* of rolled
or hammered iron, not otherwise provided for, $5 per ton;
ou cut nails and spikes, one quarter of one cent per pound ;
on iron cable or cablo chain?, or p.irts thereof, 75 cents per
one hundred pouiuU: Provided} That no chain5! made of
wire or rods' of a diameter less than one half of one inch
  nail bo considered a chain cable ; on anvils, 75 cents per
one hundred pound-.; on anchors, or parts thereof. 50 cents
per one bundled pound*; on wiouirht hoard nails, spikes,
rivet-, bolts, bed sciows, and wrought hinges, one quaitei
of one cent per pound; on chain*, tiace chains, halter
rhnins. and tence chains, made of wire or rods, not under
one fouirh of one inch in diameter,one quarter of one cent
per pound; under one iourth of one inch in diameter arid
not under Nro. 0, wire gauge, one haifofone cent per pound :
under ]Vo.<>, u ire gauire,5 per cent ad valorem; on black-
Mimh".- b.'rmmeis, and bledges, and axles, or parts thereof,
one iiah'oi one cent per pound ; on horseshoe nails. 1 cent
por pound; on steam, gas, and water tubes, and iiues of
wrought iton, one quarter of one cent per pound; on
wrought iron railroad chairs, and wrought iron nuts and
washers, i undy punched, .^5 pet ton ; on smooth ot polished
sheet iioti. by whatevei name designated,one hulfeentpei
pound; on sheet iron, common or black, not thinner than
No. 20, wire gauge, $2 per ion; thinner than No. 20, and
not thinner than No. 25, wire gauge, $2 50 per ton; thinner
than No.25, wire gauge, $3 per ton; on tin plates galvan-
ized, galvanized iron, or iiou coated with zinc, one half
cent per pound; on locomotive tire, or,parts thereof, 1 cent
per pound; on mill-irons, and null-cranks of w  ought iron,
unci wrought iron foi s-lrip*, <-team-engines, and locomotives,
or parts thereof, weighing each twenty-five pounds or more,
one quarter of one cent per pound; on screws, commonly
called wood-&crews,lucent per pound; on screws, washed
or plated, and all other screws of iron, except wood-screws,
5 percent, ad valorem; on manufactures of iron, not other-
wise provided for, 5 per cent, adialoiem; on cast-iron steam,
gas, and water pipes,25 eerfts per one hundred pounds; on
all other eastings of iron, not otherwise provided for, nor
exempted from duty, 5 per cent, ud valorem: Provided,
That the following descriptions of iron, manufactures of
iron, and manufactures of steel, shall not be subject to any
additional duty or rntes of duty under the provisions of this
act, that is to say; iron in pigs; cast iron huts and hinges;
old scrap iron ; malleable iron, and malleable iron casting!;,
not otheiwise provided for; cut-tacks, brads, and spiigs;
cross-cut, mill, pit, and drag saws', on steel in ingots, bars
sheets, oi wire not les:- than one fourth of an inch in diam-
eter, valued ut 7 cents per pound or less, one quarter of one
cent per pound; valued at above 7 cents perpouud and not
above 11 cents per pound, one half cent per pound ; valued
abovo 11 cents pcrpound. and on all *teei wire and steel in
any form, not otherwise provided for, 5 per cent, advalorem;
on skates valued at 520 cents or less per pair, 2 cents per
pair; when valued at over20 cents per pair, 5 per cent, ad
valorem; on iron squares, maiked on one side, 2^ ccnts per
pound ; on all other squares made of iron or steel, 5 cents
per pound ; on files, uisps, and floats, of all descriptions,
2 cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, 5 per cent, ad
valorem; on all manutaetures of sfeel, or of which steel
shall be a component part, not otherwise provided for, 5
per cent, ad valorem; Provided, That no allowance or
reduction of duties for partial loss or damage shall be here-
after made in consequence of rust of iion or steel, or upon
the manufactures of iiou or bteel; on bituminous coal, 10
cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel; on all other coal, 10 cents per ton of twenty-eight
bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel; on coke and culm of
coal, 5 per cent, ad valorem.
The first amendment of the committee was, in
line sixtv-seven, to strike out " two" and insert
" three/' so that the clause will read, " on sheet
iron, common or black, not thinner than No. 20,
wire gauge, $3 per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amondnagut was, in line sixty-nine, to
strike out " two^llra insert" four," and after the
word "dollars" to strikeout the words, "and 50
cents," so that the clause will read," thinner than
No. 20, and not thinner than No. 25, wire gauge,
$4 per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line seventy-one,
page 7, to strike out " three" and insert" five,"
so that the clause will read, "thinner than No.
25, wire gauge, §5 per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line seventy-three,
to strike out the word "zinc," and insert, " any
metal by electric batteries," so that the clause will
read, " on tin plates galvanized, galvanized iron,
or iron coated with any metal by electric batteries,
one half cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN._ It is suggested to me that
the word "plains," in lines twenty-four and
twenty-six of that section, page 5, should be
spelled with an e before the s—■plaines. If that
is so, that correction had better be made. It is a
mere matter of orthography.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair,) That correction will be made,
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word *' steel,"
at the end of the one hundred and nineteenth line,
page 9, I move to insert the words, "except on
polished Russia sheet iron," so that the clause
will read:
Provided, That no allowance or reduction of duties for
partial loss or damage shall be hereatter made In conse-
quence of uistof non or frteel, or upon the manufactuiesof
iron or steel, except on polished Itussia sheet iion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I hope I shall have the
consent of the Senator from Maine to propose a
small amendment to this section now. It is in
line forty-seven, page 6, in relation to the duty on
anvils.
1 lie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate are
now considering the amendments reported from
the Committee on Finance. After those have been
consideied, others will be in order.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I shall not insist on it if it
is objected to; but I thought I might perhaps get
the consent of the Senator from Maine to propose
it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection per-
sonally at all.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is simply to propose a
change of the duty on anvils from 75 cents to $1.
I understand that is indispensably necessary f'oi^
the protection of our own manufacturers. I have
letters on the subject, but will not read them. I
move that amendment in line forty-seven, page 6,
to strike out " 75 cents " and to insert " $1," so ,
that the clause will read: " on anvils, $1 per hun-
dred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section four, as follows:
Src. 4. Jhul beit further enacted, That from and after the
day and year aforesaid, in addition to the duties hcictofore
imposed by law on the articles hereinafter mentioned and
included in this section, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on the goods, wares, and merchandise herein enumer-
ated and provided for, imported from foreign countries, the
following duues and rates of duty, that is to say: on copper
lods, bolts, nails, spikes, copper bottoms, copper in sheets
or plates, called biaziei's copper, and other sheets and
manufactures of copper, not otherwise provided for, 5 per
cent ad valorem} on zinc, spelter, and teuteuegue, un-
manufactured, 50 cents per one hundred pounds; on zinc,
spelter, and teutenegue, in sheets, three fourths of one cent
per pound; on lead, in pipes or shot, three fourths of one
cent per pound; on brass, in bars or pig, or old brass, fit
only to be remanufactured, 5 per cent, ad valorem.
The first amendment of the committee was, in
line thirteen, to strike out "fifty " andinsert"fif-
teen,"so that the clause will read, "on zinc,spel-
ter, and teutenegue, unmanufactured, in blocks or
pigs, 15 cents per one hundred pounds."
.The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line fourteen, to
strike out the words " three fourths,"and to insert
" one fourth," so that the clause will read, " on
zinc, spelter, and teutenegue, in sheets, one fourth
of one cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section five, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it'further enacted, That from and after the
day and year aforesaid, in lieu of the duties heretofore im-
posed by law on the articles hereinafter mentioned, and on
such as may now be exempt ftom duty, there shall be lev-
ied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and meiehan-
dise enumeiated and piovulcd tor in tins section, imported
Iroin foicign commies, the following duties and rates of
duty, that is to say . acid, boracie, Sr cents per pound; cit-
nc, 10 cents per pound; oxalic,4 cents per pound; sulphu-
ric, 1 cent per pound ; taitanc, 20 cents per pound ; gallic,
f>0 cents pei pound; tannic,25 cents per pound; alum, patent
alum,alupi substitute, sulphate of alumina, and aluminous
eaUc,60 cents per hundred pounds; argols, or eiude tartar.
6 cents per pound; cieam tartar, 10 cents per pound; as-
phaltum, 3 cents per pound; balsam copaiva, 20 cents per
pound; IViuvkhi, 50 cents per pound; tolu, 30 cents per
pound; blanc fixe, enameled white, satin white, or any
combination of barytes and acid, 2^ cents per pound ; ha-
rytes and sulphate of barytes, 5 nulls per pound; burning
fluid, 50 eentd per gaJJon *; bitter apples, colocymli, or col-
oquintida, 1U cents per pound; borax, ciude, or tincal, 5
cents per pound; refined, 10 cents per pound; boiate of
lime, 5 cent;- per pound ; buchu leaves, 10 cents per pound;
camphoi, crude, 20 ccnts per pound ; refined, 30 cents per
pound; cantiiai ides. 50 cents per pound; clove«, 10 cent.-
per pound ; cayenne pepper, 8 cents per pound ; ground, 10
cents per pound; black pepper, 8,cents per pound; ground,
10 cents per pound; white pepper, 8 cents per pound;
ground, 10 cents per pound; coceulus indicus, lOcetits per
pound; cuttle-fish bone, 5 cents per pound; cubebs,«40 cents
per pound; diagon's blood, 10 cents, per pound ; emery, oic
or lock, $6 per ton ; manufactured, ground, or pulvenzed,
1 cent per pound ; ergot, 20 cents per pound; Epsom salts,
1 cent per pound; Glauber salts. 5 mills per pound; lto-
chclle salts, 15 cents per pound ; cn&cnco or oil of myirbanc,
or nitio benzole, 30 cents pei ounce; liuitetheis, essence? oi
oils of apple, pear, peach, apricot, strawbei rv, and raspbeuy,
made or fusil oil or of ftuit,or mutations tbcteof, $2 50 pur
pouud; French green, Pans green, mineral green, caimme
lake, wood lake, dry carmine, Venetian red, vermilion, mm-
eial blue, Prussian blue, chrome \ellow, io*.e pink, Dutch
pink, and paints and pamteis'colois, (except white and led
lead and oxyd of zinc, diy,)dry or ground in oil. and moist
water colors used in the manufacture of paper hangings, and
colored papers and cards, not otherwise provided ior.23 per
cent, ad valorem j on gold leaf, 01 50 per package of live
hundred leaves ; on silver leaf, 75 cents per packege of five
hundred leaves; gum aloes, 6 cents per pound; benzoin, 10
cents perpouud ; saudaiac, 10 ccnts per pound; shellac, 10
cents pei pound; mastic, 50 cents per pound; copal, kow-
ric, damar. and all gums used for like purposes, 10 cents per
pound; honey, 15 cents per gallon ; iodine, ciude, 50 cents
pcrpound; resublimcd, <5 cents perpouud; ipeeacuanna,
or ipecac, 50 cents per pound ; jalap, 50 cents per pound ;
lieouce loot, 2 cents per pound; paste or juice, 10 cents
per pound ; litharge, ccnts per pound ; magnesia, caibon-
ate. 6 cents pei pound ; calcined, 12 cents per pound ; man-
na, 25 cents per pound; nitrate of soda, 1 cent pcrpound :
morphine and its salt§, §2 per ounce; ocheis and ocheiy
earths, not otherwise provided foi, when dry, 50 cents pei
one hundred pounds; when ground m oil, $1 50 per one
hundred pounds; oils, fixed or expressed, cioton, 50 cents
per pound; almonds, lu cents per pound ; bay or,laurel,20
cents per pound ; castor, 50 cents per gal Ion ; mace, ;>0 cents
per pound; olive, not salad, 25 cents, per gallon; salad, 50
cents per gallon ; mustard, not salad, 25 cents per gallon;
salad, 50 cents per gallon ; oils, essential or essence, anise,
59 cents per pound; almonds, .<$1 50 per pound; amber,
