226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
tution was exhausted; there was no further pro-
ceeding before him for action, and whether the
party thus first appointed accepted or not, the
power of the Governor under that nomination was
exhausted, and that his subsequent appointment
of Mr. Clark was wholly without warrant of con-
stitution or law; and yet they say that Mr. Clark
was an officer de facto, and that his acts as such
•were valid. The marginal note on the 86th page
embodying the principle decided by the court is
this:
" A person unconstitutionally commissioned a justice of
the peace is an officer de facto, and his acts are valid."
Now, sir, nothing more, at all events, can be
urged in the way of opposition to this appointment
than that it was maue by the President without
any authority in the law or Constitution. We
cannot put the objection in a stronger form than
that. That is fur enough to go. The objection
went to just that length in the ease which I have
just read from the State of Kentucky, and yet the
appointment of an individual thus out of the pale
of the constitution and the law, was of such a
character as to make an officer de facto.
Taking General Lane, then, the sitting member,
to be a brigadier general of the United States de
facto, how is thisquestion affected? In the State
of New York, (7 Johnson's Reports, 552,) in the
case of The People vs. Collins, Chancellor Kent,
then chief justice, said:
" That all the acts of an officer de facto were valid, was
too well settled to be diseu&<>od."
In the State of Connecticut, in the case of Doug-
las us. Wickvvire, (19 Connecticut Reports,) the
court, by Judge Hinman, now chief justice of that
State, say:
" It is enough if the officer nets under color of an elec-
tion, or an appointment by the only body winch has* the
power to make it. This 13 too well hctttcd 10 be any longer
a debatable point anywhere."
Now, sir, what is the proper construction of
this clause of the Constitution which we are con-
sidering, and which excludes a man from a seat
here who holds an office under the United States?
How must we construe this clause of the Consti-
tution? It is among the elements of thelaw which
most of us, or many of us at least, read many
years ago, that the construction of a law must be
so as to suppress the mischief and advance the
remedy. To ascertain, then, what the construc-
tion of this clause in the Constitution should be,
we should ask, of course, what mischief the
makers of the Constitution had in view when they
put that clause into the Constitution > What evil
did they intend to guard against by this provision ?
Manifestly this—this and nothing more—execu-
tive influence. They meant to exclude that from
the Congress of the United States. They intended
that the members of this body and the members of
the other House should be independent of execu-
tive influence, and so provided that no member
should hold a seat who held an office under-the
United States.
Now, Mr. President, with that as the principle
to guide us in construing this clause of the Con-
stitution, what shall we say is meant there by
" holding an office?" Shall we say that the clause
meansanyihing more than that the party has been
so appointed, and so holds th.it he can exercise
the functions, can perform the duties, can diaw
the pay of the office. ? It would set m that that at
least would he holding an office sufficiently to be
within the evils intended to be prevented by those
wise men who made our Constitution. Is not
such a construction a reasonable one ? Can it mean
that he shall not be merely appointed; but if it be
an office which requires the action of the Senate,
that lie shall be first appointed by the President,
subsequently nominated to the Senate, then con-
firmed by the Senate, and then his commission
issued? Can all this be necessary ? Must all these
formalities be gone through with in order to brine;
a man within the meaning of this clause of the
Constitution as lc holding'an office I say, no,
Mr. President. I say the Constitution means no
such absurd thing; for nothing but an absurdity,
in my opinion, would it be to place such a con-
struction upon our venerated Constitution.
Which of the two individuals, Mr. President,
would be most subject to executive influence—the*
man appointed under a doubtful authority, or one
appointed under an authoiiiy as to which there
was 110 doubt, and who was unquestionably the
officer? Mosrcleftrlyand manifestly the one whose
right to hold the office was somewhat questionable,
far more than he whose right to the office was
placed beyond a peradventure. If we were to
make a discrimination, far better to discriminate
exactly the other way from the way which this
assumption proceeds upon. Better to say that no
man holding an office where his i ight or claim was
doubtful should hold a scat in cither House, but
that, after he had been appointed and was inau-
gurated into office with certain formalities, he
might hold a seat here—far better, 1 say, so far
as the mischief guarded against is concerned.
The danger of executive influence is vastly less.
Of course, Mr. President, I am not even surmis-
ing that any executive influence is now, or could
be, brought to bear upon any man in this body
who should hold office under the United States;
or that the sitting member is now, or that he would
be, subject at all to executive influence. I entirely
disclaim any imputation or idea of the kind. I
am arguing simply the principle, the abstract
question, and I lepeat that the principle, if we
are to regard the Constitution as intending to
exclude executive influence, should be ligorously
applied in all cases where the appointment is of
doubtful authority.
If I may without discourtesy suppose that a
majority of this body would accept office from the
Executive, the light to confer which did not be-
long to the Executive at the time when the ap-
pointmentshould be made, (of course under those
circumstances, 011 the assumption we are now pro-
ceeding upon, not disqualifying them from seats
here,) what should wo naturally suppose would
be the first thing which the body would do after
they had thus accepted offices of this description ?
What but this: to pass a law validating the ap-
pointments which they had thus a little inform-
ally received ? There would be, therefore, as a
first exercise of their senatorial power, the in-
fluence of the Executive to carry forward a meas-
ure which he might be enabled to cany forward
m no other way. The moment we admit that a
member of this body may accept an office to which
the President may appoint under the Constitution
if there be a little h'gislation, all that may be ne-
cessary to do in either House is to have a suffi-
cient number to accept these temporary appoint-
ments and then to make the law.
Now, 1 say higher wisdom—I will not talk
about wisdom, the right and rigid consti uction of
the law; rigid for its own preservation and the
preservation of the country—call upon us to ex-
clude immediately from seats here those who hold
an office under circumstances making their title
doubtful, much more than those who hold one
conferred by unquestionable authority. There are
evils, no doubt, in both classes of cases; but the
evil is far gieater m the case where the authority
is denied, for tlieie all persons have the motive of
self-interest, so potent in human natuie, to hold
on to power and place and emolument, and by
their own act validate what was invalid before
their action, in this aspect of the case, there is
no limit toexecutiveinfluence; you cannotrestrain
it; and you even tempt us exercise. If, after the
person is appointed, he is compelled to leave the
body, the President has comparatively little temp-
tation to appoint him, so far as influence in this
body is concerned. If he may confer an appoint-
ment, good ric facto, but not dejure, without mak-
ing it necessary for the member to vacate the scat,
we blot out the clause from the Constitution.
So far, then, Mr. President, upon the question
of the validity of this appointment, and how far it
is necessary to go into technicalities in consider-
ing what is a valid appointment, and what is
meant by the term " holding an office" under this
clause of the Constitution. It is said that the
acceptance has been in an informal manner, or,
lather, to make the question perfectly plain, it is
said that there has been no acceptance, because the
oath which was inclosed to the person appointed
has not been returned to the executive Dcpai t-
tnent, as was requested by the letter. Now I assort
that that is wholly unnecessary in order to make a
\ahd acceptance. All that is necessaiy has been
done; all that 1 apprehend can ever be necessary
to show an acceptance has been done; and if the
oath winch was inclosed in the letter of appoint-
ment has not been returned, that fact has no effect
upon the other acts done, which weie clearly,
positively, conclusively, evidences of acceptance.
Wilcock on Corporations, title " form ofa^mis-
sion" [to office,] section 575, says: " in fact the
cssence of the admission is the administering of
the oath of which the entry is merely evidence."
That is the principle.
The return of the blank containing the form of
oath, which had been filled up and properly com-
pleted before the magistrate, was a mere matter of
form. The essence of the thing, that which con-
stituted the acceptance of the office, was taking
the oath; the returning of it was simply a matter
of form, that the entry might be made at the War
Department, and so furnish there evidence of
what had been done; but if the evidence is not
furnished at the Department, that fact does not
invalidate the oath taken, and does not, by any
means, cancel the acceptance, which was in the
power of the general, and not in the power of the
War Office.
There is an English authority, the only decided
case, to which I shall refer—the King vs. Ellis,
reported in 2d Strange, 994, and also in 9th East
in the note to page 252. This case occurred in
the eighth year of George II, and it was a ques-
tion in regard to the office of mayor of New Itom-
ney. The charter of that municipality required
that when a new mayor was elected, he should
be sworn before the old mayor. At the time of
this election theie were two candidates for the
office, Mr Ellis and Mr. Whitwick. Mr. Ellis
had a majority of the votes that were cast for the
office, but the old mayor directed Mr. Whitwick
to be sworn. Mr. Ellis and Mr. Whitwick were
both present; both placed their hands upon the
book, while the town clerk, in the presence of the
old mayor, read over the oath, and they both
kissed the book. Mr. Ellis claimed the office, and
the question was, whether he was the legal in-
cumbent. The court said he was not, because he
had not been sworn. The reply to that was
that he was sworn before the mayor; that is, the
mayor was present, standing by, while he took
the oath administered by a competent magistrate.
Rut the reply of the court to that was, being sworn
before the mayor is the same thing in meaning as
being sworn by the mayor; in either event, it re-
quires the assent of the mayor, and inasmuch as
the mayor directed Mr. Whitwick and not Mr.
Eilis to be sworn, although Mr. Ellis attempted
to be sworn at the same time, he was not sworn
by the mayor, and therefore lie was not in office.
Lord Hardwicke, the chief justice on the king's
bench at that time, said, " the title to every office is
grounded on two things—the election of the pai ty,
and his being sworn into office." I rest on these
words of that distinguished chief justice of Eng-
land as containing the whole doctrine in the short-
est terms. General Lane, the sitting member,
was appointed to the office of brigadier general
in the volunteer service of the United States by
the President—the only authority in the Govern-
ment who ever had the power of appointment—
the source from whom the appointment proceeds,
and who may make an officer de facto. That
constitutes an "election," to use the language of
Lord Iiardwicke as applicable to the case before
him. General Lane then was elected, so to speak:
that is, he was appointed brigadier general of vol-
unteers. He took the oath required by the ap-
pointing power before a competent magistrate, and
was duly sworn into office. Hence, in the words
of Lord Hardwicke, the two things on which his
title was grounded aie under him; he stands upon
his appointment to the office, and has been swoin
111.
That, Mr. President, is enough. It id not ne-
cessary that the evidence of this proceeding should
have been sent to the War Office. It was usual,
if you please, proper, courteous to do so, but not
necessary. If the general, thinking his services
in the field were more important "than that he
should remain fiar this purpose, forgot, in his haste
to the field, to inclose this evidence to the War
Office; who shall say that his appointment lacks
validity because he did not send back the blank
form ?
Whether, then, Mr. President, this appointment
has been made under circumstances beyond nil
exception, or cavil, or question which some h'gal
gentleman can raise who has been accustomed to
split hairs " 'twixt south and southwest side," I
will not undertake to affirjn; but I do assert tnat
whether it be the one way or the other, the sitting
membei has been appointed to office, to an office
undertlie United States; he hasaceepted the office,
