THE CON&BESSfQME GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF 'CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN Ct RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d S>ession*
WEDNESDAY, JULY 9,
New Series No. 199.
crude, 10 cents per pound ; rectified, 20 cents .pes pound;
bay leaves, $17 50 cents per pound; bergan^ot, $1 per
pound; cajeput, 25 cents per pound ; caraway, 50 cents per
pound; cassia,$1 per pound; ciimamorf/$2 per pound;
cloves, $1 per pound; citronella, 50 cents per pound f cog-
nac or cenauthic ether, $2 per ounce ; cubebs, $1 per pound;
fennel, 50 cents per pound ; juniper, 25 cents per pound ;
lemons, 50 ccnts per pound; orange, 50 cents per pound;
origanum, or red thyme, 25 cents per pound j roses, or otto,
$1 50 per ounce; thyme, white, 30 cents per pound ; vale-
rian, $1 50 per pound; all other essential oils, not other-
wise provided for, 50 per cent, ad valorem; opium, $2 per
pound 5 paraffine, 10 cents per pound; Paris white, when
dry, 60 cents perone hundred pounds; when ground in oil,
$1 50 per one hundred pounds; pimento, 8 cents per pound;
when ground, 10 cents per pound; potash, bichromate, 3
cents per pound; hydriodate, iodate, iodide, and acetate,
75 cents per pound; prussiate, yellow, 5 cents per pound;
prussiate, red, 10 cents per pound; chlorate, 6 cents per
pound? petroleum and coal illuminating oil, crude, 10 cents
per gallon; refined, or kerosene, produced from the distilla-
tion of coal, asphaJtum, shale, peat, petroloum, or rock oil,
or other bituminous substances, used for like purposes, 20
cents per gallon; putty, $1 50 per one hundred pounds;
quinine, sulphate of, and other salts of quinine, 75 cents
per ounce; rliubaib, 50 cents per pound: Provided, That
rhubarb imported from beyond the Cape of Good Hope shall
be Kubject to pay a duty of 30 cents perpound ; rose leaves,
50 cents per pound; rum essence or oil, and bay rum es-
sence or oil, $2 per ounce; saltpeter, or nitrate of potash,
crude^S cents per pound ; refined, 3 cents per pound; seeds,
anise, 5 eeyts per pound ; star anise, 10 cents per pound;
canary, $1 per bushel of sixty pounds; caraway, 3 cents
per pound; cardamom, 50 cents per pound?«cummin,5cents
perpound; coriander, 3 cents per pound; fennel, 2 cents per
pound; fenugreek, 2 cents per pound; hemp, one half
cent per pbund; mustard, brown, 3 cents per pound; white,
3 cents per pound ; rape, 1 cent per pound j: castor seeds or
beans, 50 cents per bushel; sugar of lead, 4 cents per pound;
tartar emetic, 15 cents per pound ; varnish valued at $1 50
or less per gallon, 50 cents per gallon, and 20 per cent, ad
valorem; valued atabove$l 50 per gallon, 50 cents pergal-
lon, and 25 per cent, ad valorem; vanilla .beans, $3 per
pound; verdigris, 6 cents per pound; whiting, when diy,
50 ccnts perone hundred pounds; when ground in oil,
$1 50 per one hundred pounds; acetous, benzoic, muriatic,
and pyrohgneous acids, cutch or catechu, orchil and cud-
bear, safflowerand sumac, 10 percent, advalorem; arsenic
in all forms, ammonia, and sulphate and carbonate of am-
monia; bark, cinchona, Peruvian, Lima, Calisaya, quilla,
and all other medicinal barks, flowers, leaves, plants, roots,
and seeds, not otherwise piovided for ; cobalt, and oxyd of
cobalt; gums, amber, arabie, jedda, Senegal, tragacanth,
myrrh, and all other gums, and gum resins, not otherwise
provided for; quassia wood ; smalls; sar.saparilla; tapioca;
tonqua beans, and sponged, 20 percent, advalorem ; santo-
nin and glycerine, 30 per ccnt. ad valorem; on all pills,
powders, tinctures, troches or lozenges, sirups, cordials,
bitters, anodynes, tonics, plasters, liniments, salves, oint-
ments, pastes, drops, waters, essences, spirits, oils, orother
medicinal preparations or compositions, recommended to
the public as proprietary medicines, or prepared according
to some private formula or secret art as remedies or specif-
ics for any disease or diseases or affections whatever affect-
ing the human or animal body, 50 per cent, advalorem ; on
all essences, extracts, toilet waters, cosmetics, hair oils,
pomades, hair dressings, hair restointives, hair dyes, tooth
washes, dentifrices, tooth pastes, aromatic cachous, or other
perfumeries or cosmetics, by whatsoever name or names
known, used, or applied, as perfumes or applications to the
hair, mouth, or skin, 50 per cent, ad valorem.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose sundry amend merits to this section, which
will now be considered in their order.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
committee, which was in line twenty-nine, to
strike out" twenty," and inseit " thirty;" and in
line thirty, to strike out " thirty," and insert
" foity," so as to make the clause read, "cam-
phor, crude, 30 cents per pound; refined, 40cents
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-two,
after the word "cloves," to strike out " ten," and
insert " fifteen;" and, after the word " pound,"
insert " cassia, 15 cents per pound; cassia buds,
20 cen ts per pou nd; cinnamon ,25 cents per poun d,"
so as to read, " cloves, 15 cents per pound; cas-
sia, 15 cents per pound; cassia buds, 20 cents per
pound; cinnamon, 25 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five,
after the words " cayenne pepper," to strike out
" eight," and insert " twelve;" in the same line,
to strike out " ten," after " ground," and insert
"fifteen;" in line thirty-six, after "black pep-
per," to strike out the word " eight," and insert
"twelve;" in liTTe thirty-seven, after the word
"ground," to strike out " ten," and insert " fif-
teen;" inline thirty-eight, after the words" white
pepper,"to strikeout "eiglit"and inserf'twelve;"
199
and in the same line, strike out the word " ten,"
after the word "groand," and insert "fifteen;"
so as to make the whole clause read, "cayenne
pepper, 12 cents perpound; ground, 15 cents per
pound; black pepper, 12cents per pound; ground,
15 cehts per pound; white pepper, 12 cents per
pound; ground, 15 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was to strike out lines
forty-nine and fifty, in the following words, " es-
sence or oil ofmyrrbane, or nitro benzole, 30 cents
per ounce."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-six, after
the word " pink," to insert the words " extiact of
resin, or analine colors."
The amendment was ageeed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-eight,
after the word "zinc," to strike out the word
" dry."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a mere
verbal amendment, which will be agreed to if there
be no objection.
The next amendment was, after line sixty-two,
to insert" ginger, root, 10 cents per pound; ginger,
ground, 15 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-one,
after the word " pound," to insert "gum arabic
and gum jedda of all kinds, crude, 5 cents per
pound; whenassorted,picked,orselected, lOcents
perpound; gum amber, Senegal, myrrh, traga-
cantli, and all other gums and resins nototherwise
provided for, 10 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line efghty-eight,
to insert "mace and nutmegs, 30 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and twenty-three, after the word "pimento," to
strike out " eight," and insert " twelve;" and in
line one hundred and twenty-four, to strike out
" ten," and insert " fifteen,5 so as to read, " pi-
mento, 12cents per pound; when ground, 15cents
per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hundred
and thirty-five, and one hundred and thirty-six,
after the word "quinine,"to strikeout "75 cents
per ounce," and insert " 45 per cent, advalorem,"
so as to read, " quinine, sulphate of, and other
salts of quinine, 45 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and thirty-seven, after the word "pound," to
strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That rhubarb imported from beyond tin1 (Jape
of Good Hope, shall be subject to pay a duty of 30 cent-j
pei pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and fifty-three, to strike out "fifty"and insert
"twenty-five," so as to read, " castor seeds or
beans, 25 cents per bushel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hundred
and seventy-three, one hundred and seventy-four,
and one hundred and seventy-five, to strike out
the words " gums, amber, arabic, jedda, Senegal,
tragacanth, myrrh, and all other gums and gum
resins not otherwise provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and seventy-seven, to strike out " 20 per cent, ad
va/orem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MeBOUGALL. I move to amend this sec-
tion on page 15, between lines one hundred and
eighteen and one hundred and nineteen, by insert-
ing " opium, prepared for smoking, 80 per cent.
ad valorem."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate is
now considering the amendments of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and it is not usual to consider Other
amendments until afterwards.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. This amend mentis moved
with the assent of the committee. It is an article
that has been omitted because.it is not known as
an article of commerce on this coast. It will pay
that duty, as I am advised by the person who has
charge of the appraisement of our China goods,
and it will add to the revenues about $300,000 a
year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section six, as follows:
Sec.6. And be it further enacted, That from andaftcrthe
day and year aforesaid, in addition to the duties heretofore
imposed bylaw on the articles hereinafter mentioned, and on
such as may now be exempt from duty, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid, on the goods, wares, and merchandise
enumerated and provided for in this section, imported from
foreign countries, a duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem, that is
to say: antimony, crude; assafcodita; beeswax; blacking
of all descriptions; building stone of all descriptions, not
otherwise provided for; calomel; catsup; civit, oil of; co-
balt oies; extraetof indigo; extractof madder; extractand
decoctions of logwood, and other dyewoods;* flints, and
flint, ground; flocks, waste or shoddy; furs, dressed, when
not on the skin; garancine ; ginger, preserved, or pickled;
green turtle; grindstones, unwrought or wrought or fin-
ished; gutta-percha, unmanufactured; isinglass or fish glue;
japanned ware of all kinds, not otherwise provided for;
lastings, mohair cloth, silk, twist, or other manufacture of
cloih woven or made in patterns of such size, shape, and
form as to be fit for shoes, shppers, boots, bootees, gaiters,
and buttons, exclusively, not combined with India-rubber;
mats of cocoa-nut; matting, China, and other floor matting,
and mats made of flags, jute, or grass; manufactures or*
gutta-percha; inilk of India-rubber; music, printed with
lines, bound or unbound; musical instruments of all kinds,
and strings for musical instruments of wliipgut or catgut,
and all other strings of the same material; nickel; osier or
willow, prepared for .basket makers' use; philo^phical ap-
paratus and instruments; plaster of Paris, when giound ;
quills; strychnine; staves for pipes, hogsheads, or other
casks; teeth manufactured; thread lace and insertings;
woolen listings.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment to this section is in line thirty-two,
after the word " form," to insert " or cut in such
manner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line thirty-nine,to
insert" medicinal preparations not otherwise pro-
vided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section seven, as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That, In addition to the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the ai tides hereinafter
mentioned and provided for m this section, there shall be
levied, collectod, and paid, on the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise herein enumerated, imported fiom foreign coun-
tries, the following duties and tates of duty, that is to say:
on chocolate and cocoa prepaied, I cent perpound ; on cop-
peras, green vitnol, or sulphate of iron, one fourth cent per
pound; on linseed, flax-seed, hemp-see'd, and rape-seed oil,
J cents per gallon; on salciatus and bicarbonate of soda,
one hah cent per pound ; on caustic soda, one half cent per
pound; on salt, in sacks, barrels, or other packages, or in
bulk, 6 cents per one hundred pounds; on soap, fancy,
scented, honey, cieam, tiansparent, and all descriptions of
toilet and shaving soap, 2 cents per pound ; all other soap,
5 per cent, art valorem; on spnits of turpentine, 5 cents per
gallon; on starch of all description*, one half cent per pound;
on white and red lead and oxyd of zinc, 2o cents per one
hundred pounds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose, in line twenty-two of this section, to
strike out the words "twenty-five," and insert
" dry or ground in oil, fifteen,"so as to read, "on
white ana red lead and oxyd of zinc, dry orground
m oil, 15 cents per one hundred pounds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section eight, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further ena<tcd, That fiom and after
the day and year afoiesaid, in lieu of the duties heretofore
imposed by law on the article^ heieinafter mentioned, and
on sach as may now be exempt from duty, thcie shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise enumerated and provided lor in this section, im-
ported from foreign countries, the following duties and rates
of duty; that is to say: on anchovies, pieseived in salt, 30
percent, advalorem; on andirons,made ofcastnon, lucent
per pound; on barley, pearl or hulled, 1 cent per pound;
on bonnets, hats, and hoods for men. women, and children,
composed of straw, chip, grass, palm-leaf, willow, or any
other vegetable substance, or of silk, hair, whalebone, or
othei material, not otherwise provided for, 40 per cent, ad
valorem; on braids, plaits, flats, laces, trimmings, sparterre,
tissues-, willow sheets and squares, used for making or orna-
menting hats, bonnets, and hood«i, composed of straw, chip,
grass, palm-leaf, willow, or any other vegetable substance,
