2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
that the'Government will in future build iron
ships.' Well, sir, I know of no'point better fitted
for that purpose, if we had a little more room to
put the iron on.
I think, then-fore, for all these considerations,
the Philadelphia navy-yard should be enlarged.
It-is true that there has been a proposition before
the Committee on Naval Affairs to remove the
yard three or four miles down the river, but that
jhns been abandoned as impracticable. I think the
Government should purchase this land, and allow
the yard to remajn where it is. There is cer-
tainly no point in the Union more favorably lo-
cated for the completion of iron-clad vessels, and
1 submit, especially from the fact that the com-
mittee have just voted to add to the Boston navy-
yard, where the argument of necessity cannotap-
ply more strongly than in respect to this, and in
consideration of the fcict that the Committee on
Naval Affairs did not report in favor of that en-
largement more than they did in favor of this, that
this amendment of my colleague ought to be
adopted.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendmentof the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
But before proceeding to refer particularly to the
proposition to purchase the land adjoining the
navy-yard at Philadelphia, I wish to ask my
friend from Pennsylvania whether I understood,
correctly, him to state that the amendment for
purchasing the land at the Charlestown navy-
yard did not come from the Committee on Naval
Affairs?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I think I said that it did
not come from that committee more than this did.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I listened to the re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania with
extreme surprise, because I thought it was dis-
tinctly understood in committee only this morn-
ing that an amendment should be recommended
by us for the purchase of this land at Charles-
town.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I agree entirely with what
the gentleman says; but he must recollect that the
action of our committee this morning was in-
formal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that it is not in older to refer to what transpired
in committee.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not know how I can
reply to the gentleman without doing it, for our
action was informal, as the matter was not regu-
larly before us for consideration. In no meeting
of the committee where it has been formally be-
fore the committee has it been acted upon.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. In referring more
particularly to the amendment now before the
committee, and without intending the smallest
disrespect to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
who has just spoken, I wish to say, as a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, that I am not
uware this proposition has ever been before that
committee. In view of the facts now before the
Committee of the Whole, I have very grave
doubts whether the purchase ought to be made at
any such price as is here indicated.
It has been stated by the gentleman from one
of the Philadelphia districts [Mr. Lehman] that
the Government is now paying a rental of some
four or five thousand dollars for this ground, ora
portion of it, and an additional rental for buildings
of some eighteen hundred dollars, more or less;
and the gentleman argues that it would be wise
policy for the Government to purchase this prop-
erty at a cost of $110,000 rather than pay this
rental. I need hardly remind the committee of
the fact that this Government is paying at the rate
of seven and thieo tenths per cent, for money,
and the interest on the sum of $110,000 is conse-
quently a trifle over $8,000 a year.
But, sir, I entirely object to making an appro-
priation of the public money upon such facts as
are here presented. We know but little about
this property, and we know but little of the ne-
cessities of the Government for owning it. What
the gentleman from Pennsylvania says may veiy
well be- that the area of the yard at Philadelphia
is smaller than that of our other navy-yards, and
it may be that the demand for space there is much !
less. I think in every such case as this a propo- '
sition of this kind should at least go regularly
before one of the committees of the House, and
should receive the sanction of a committee before
it comes before the House
Mr. LEHMAN. I move to amend by adding
at the close this proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall deem such
purchase expedient.
That, I think, will meet the objection of the gen-
tleman from New York. I will state, for the in-
formation of the House, that this is not a novel
project. The authorities heretofore have had this
matter under consideration. The land has been
repeatedly examined, and there has been repeated
correspondence between the commandant and per-
sons in charge of the ground, and the officers of
the Government at "Washington; and there has
been the deepest anxiety manifested again and
again by the Government to secure this ground
before it becomes so valuable, or otherwise occu-
pied, as to prevent the Government from ever
having an.opportunity to obtain it. The price is
reasonable. There is no disposition upon the part
of those who own it to get from the Government
one dollar more than the land is worth. If gen-
tlemen had an opportunity to know the value of
that land, they would know that'the price asked
is not a speculative one at all. The Government
are in full possession of the facts in relation to the
value of this land, because it has been occupied
by the officers of the Government for a number
of years, and because the buildings which are on
it, and which have been built very carefully, have
also been occupied by the officers of the Govern-
ment. The buildings are more commodious and
better adapted to the purposes of the Government
than any which could be now built. They com-
municate with the yard by side entrances, and aie
justsuch as the Governmentdesire I submit that
I cannot see why Philadelphia should leceive the
go-by, when appropriations arc made at this very
time for other yards, and when the land occupied
by the Philadelphia navy-yard is grossly inade-
quate for the wants of the Government. The
yard is not to be named in comparison with the
yards in Boston and New York. We have but
fifteen and three quarter acres of land, and yet the
vessels we have sent out from our navy-yaid are
equal to those sent outfrom any other yard of the
United States. The reputation of our workmen
and mechanics is such that our navy-yard rivals
that of any other yaid of the United States; and
when we come here and ask for this poor pittance
at the hands of the Government for the purpose
of necessarily increasing theeapacity of this yaid,
we are met with objections which seem to have
no reason or justice m them, while you are making
appropriations for other yards where the same
necessity does not exist. I therefore have offered
the amendment to leave the purchase to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Navy, should he
deem it expedient. 1 desire to give him the sole
power of making or rejecting the purchase. And
when our wants are so neccssaiy, I do not see
why we should be slighted in this way.
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. EJ.ORTON. I simply rose to answer the
suggestions made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. COX. My colleague can oppose the posi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania with
much more weight than I can, and 1 will yield to
him.
Mr. HORTON. It may be a very desirable
thing for the neighborhood of the Philadelphia
yard to have additional ground. It fnay make the
navy-yard at Philadelphia more convenient, and
in some respect bettei; but it is a safe practice, I
think, for this Committee of the Whole to allow
the Navy Department to know what they want;
and that Department has not asked for this thing
in any shape or form, so far as I know.
Mr. LEHMAN. I beg to correct the gentle-
man upon that point. They have repeatedly asked
for the purchase of this very land.
Mr. HORTON. I am right in point of fact that
this year the officers of the Government have not,
in their estimates, asked for this thing; nor have
they laid it before the Committee of Ways and
Means, or before Congress, so far as 1 am in-
formed. That gentlemen m Philadelphia may
want it; that there may be parties who desire it
and ask for it, is probably true; but the Navy
Department have not asked for it in the usual offi-
cial form, and Commodore Smith before our com-
mittee did not ask it. He spent two or three days
with us, and he did not intimate that anything of
that kind was desirable. I hope the proposition
will be voted down.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The appropriation in reference to Mare Island
being before the committee,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING said: I would inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs whether it is not the purpose of the commit-
tee to add a proviso to this section requiring that
the money contained in this appropriation for the
completion of officers' quarters shall complete
those quarters ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The estimate
asks for an appropriation of §53,933 for that pur-
pose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. "What amount has
been previously appropriated for the same pur-
pose ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not able
to say. The committee reported, not the amount
which the estimates asked for, but $33,933, or
£20,000 less, and that Commodore Smith, upon
consideration, thought would be sufficient.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It appears, from the
statement of the gentleman from Vermont, that
$33,000 of this sum of $196,352 is to be applied to
completing officers' houses. I wish to amend by
adding a proviso 
Mr. SEDGWICK. I was not directed to move
a proviso to this appropriation for completing of-
ficers' houses; but i have drawn up the form of a
proviso for some other bill which will answer for
this purpose, and I will send it to the Clerk to4>e
read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I offer the following
amendment, suggested by my colleague, to come
in at the end of the clause, after line one hundred
and fifty-one:
Provided, That no expenditure for buildings be in-
clined unul complete plans raid specification*, with esti-
mates of co«st in detail, shall bo i'umUbed, to be appioved
by the Seeretaiy ot'tUe Navy, and the woik shall he done
by eontiact, a(tet due public advertisement for proposals.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I suggest to the gentleman
that he modify his amendment by substituting for
the word "buildings" the words " completing of-
ficers' houses."
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I accept that modi-
fication.
Mi. OLIN. I suggest that that amendment
would not accomplish the object which my col-
leagues have in view. Their object is, that after
the plans are drawn and the specifications made,
there shall be a limitation of the expenditure. It
is a very easy matter to draw plans for a special
occasion, and then go on and expend money in
pursuance of that plan. The only object in re-
quiring plans and specifications is that the amount
of the appropriation shall be limited by the plans
and specifications.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The object is that
this amount shall complete the building.
Mr. OLIN. That is what 1 desire; but this
amendment does not secure that. I have had oc-
casion, once before, to advert to this subject.
This scheme of a navy-yard for construction and
an arsenal for construction at Mare Island is one
of the pet humbugs of Congress. More money
has already been expended there, for no purpose
in the world except for the purpose of expending
money, than at any other given point in the Uni-
ted States, A navy-yard for the construction of
vessels thoie is absurd. It would cost to build a
scow there more than you could build one for at
Portsmouth and transport it by land across to
California; and so with regard to the construction
of ordnance stores. I have endeavored to put a
check upon the extravagant and useless expendi-
ture of money at this point; and if it would not
seem to be making unnecessary war upon the
measure, 1 would move to strike out the whole
appropriation for this purpose. It is proposed
now to go on and build officers' quarters, and
make an outlay at this point that would be wholly
unauthorized, even if we had a mint of money to
expend at this time; and 1 am persuaded that no
check will be put to it. We have now got a navy-
yaid there for (he purpose of building vessels,
when there is not foot of timber on the western
side of th.u ridge that divides the continent that is
fit for building vessels; and the timber necessary
for the building of vessels must be transported to
