am
THE - CQNG-BESSIOyAL GLOBE.
July 8,
or of hair, whalebone,-or othdr material, tfot otherwise pro-
vided for, 30 per eeut. ad valorem.} on books, periodicals,
pamphlets, blank-books, bound or unbound, and all printed
matter, engravings, bound or unbound, illustrated books
and papers, and maps and charts, 20 per cent, ad valorem:
Provided. That all imported cotton and linen rags for the
manufacture of paper, shall be free of duty; on bristles, 10
cents per pound j on candles and tapers, stearine and ada-
mtfntfne, 5 cents per pound 5 on spermaceti', paraffitfe and
wax candles and tapers, pure or mixed, 8 cents per pound j
on all other candlcs and' tapers, cents per pouiul} on
chiecory root, 4cents perpound\ on chiccory, ground, burnt,
or prepared, 5 cents per pound ; on acorn coftce and dande-
lion root, raw or prepared, and all other articles used or in-
tended to be used as coffee, or a substitute for coffee, and
not otherwise provided for, 4 cents per pound; on color-
ing for brandy, 50 per cent- ad valorem; on cork wood, un-
manufactured, 5 cents per pound; on corks, SO cents per
pound; on cotton, one half cent per pound ; on feathers and
downs for beds or bedding, of all descriptions, 30 per cent.
ad valorem; on ostrich, vulture, coeK, and other ornamental
leathers, crude or not dressed, colored, or manufactured, 20
per cent, ad valorem; when dressed, colored, or manufac-
tured, 40 per cent, ad valorem; on feathers and flowers,
artificial and parts thereof, of whatever material composed,
not otherwise provided for, 40 per cent, ad valorem; on fire-
crackers, 50 cents per box of forty packs; on fruit, shade,
lawn, and ornamental trees, shrubs, plants, and bulbous
roots, and flower seeds, not otherwise provided for, 30 ppr
cent, ad valorem; on gloves, made of skins or leather, 40
per cent, ad valorem; on gunpowder, nnd all explosive sub-
stances used for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting pur-
poses. valued at less than 2ft cents per pound. 0 cent"* per
pound; valued at 20 cent* or over per pound, 6 cents per
pound, and 20 per cent, ad valorem in addition thereto;
on garden seeds, and all other seeds for agricultural and hor-
ticultural purposes, not otherwise provided for, 30 percent.
ad valorem; on hides, raw, and skins or all kinds, whether
dried, salted,or pickled, 10 per cent, ad valorem; on hollow-
ware and vessels of cast iron, not otherwise provided for,
ccnt per pound; on hops, 5 cents per pound ; on human
hair, raw, uncieaned, and not drawn, 90 per cent, ad valo-
rem; when cleaned or drawn, but not manufactured, 30 per
cent, ad valorem; when manufactured, 40 per cent, ad
valorem; on lead ore, 125 per one hundred pounds;
on marble, white, statuary, in block, rough, t>quared,or
sawed, $1 per cubic foot; veined marble, marble of all
other descriptions, not otherwise provided for, in block,
rough, squared,or sawed, 40 per cent, ad valorem; on nil
manufactures of marble, marble paving tiles, and marble
dressed or polished, 50 per cent, ad valorem; on manufac-
tures of bladder*, 30 percent, ad valorem; on manufactures
of India-rubber and silk, or of India-rubber and silk and
other materials, 50 per cent, ad valorem; on mustard,
ground, In bulk, 12 cents per pound; when Inclosed, in
glosH or tin, 16 cunts per pound; on plates engraved, of steel,
copper, wood, or any other material, 25 per cent, ad valo-
rem ; on plumbago or black lead, §10 per ton; fln potatoes,
25 cents per bushel; on percussion caps, fulminates, ful-
minating powders, and all other articles used for like pur-
poses, not otherwise provided for,30 per cent, ad valorem;
on playing curds, valued at 25 cents or less per pack, 15
cents per pack; valued at above 25 cents per pack, 25 cents
per pack; on pens, metallic, 10 cents per gross ; on pen-
holder tips, mctalUe, 10 cents per gross; on pemholders,
complete, 10 cents per dozen; on rice, cleaned, 1J cent per
pound ; paddy, and uncieaned rice, three quarters of one
cent per pound; on sago and sago flour, I J- cent per pound;
oi  sheathing copper, and sheatlilng metal or yellow metal
not wholly of copper nor wholly or in part of iron, ungnl-
vanlzed. In sheet* forty-eight inches long and fourteen
Inched wide, and weighing from fourteen to thiity-four
ounces per square foot, 3 cents per pound ; on tin in pig",
barn, or blocks, 10 per cent, ad valorem; on tin in plates or
sheets, and mgger tin, 20 per cent ad valorem; on oxyd,
muriatic, and salts of tin and tin foil, 30 per .cent, advalo
tern.
The first amendment to this section was to strike
out the following proviso in linos twenty-seven,
twenty-eight, tuitl twenty-nine:
Provided, That nil imported cotton and linen rags for the
mauufooturo of paper shall be free of duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment whs, in line thirty-sis, to
strike out " four" and insert " two," anil in line
thirty-seven tostrikeout"five"and insert"tliree;"
so as to read, "on chiccory root, Scents per pound;
on chiccory,ground, burnt,or prepared ,3cunts per
pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty to strike
out " four" and insert" three," so as to read, "on
acorn coffee and dandelion root, raw or prepared,
and all other articles used or intended to be used
as coffee, or a substitute for coffee, and not other-
wise provided for, 3 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-three to
strike out" 5 cents per pound," and i nscrt "20 per
cent, advalorem;" and in lines forty-four and forty-
five strike out " 20 cents per pound," and insert
" 50per cent. wcH*«Zorm," so as to read, "on cork
wood, unmanufactured, 20 per cent, ad valorem; on
corks, 50 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-six, after
the word " packs," to insert " not exceeding
eighty to each pack, and in the same proportion
for a greater number," so as to read, "on fire-
crackers, 50 cents per box of forty packs, not ex-
ceeding eighty to each pack, and in the same pro-
portion for a greater number."
The amendment was agreed to.
The jjljgt amendment was, in line eighty-one,
to strilflrtRit " one dollar and twenty," and insert
"seventy;," so as to make the clause read, "on
lead ore, 75 cents per one hundred pounds."
Mr. GRIMES. -I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance for some
explanation in regard to this matter. I confess
that I am not very conversant with this lead1 busi-
ness, although I am one of the representatives-of
one of the three States that principally produce it.
I observe that here is a proposition to reduce the
duty upon lead ore from $1 25 to 75 cents per one
hundred pounds; and I notice that upon page 21
of the bill, in line twenty-two, we have already
agreed to an amendment by which we reduce the
duty on white lead, which is manufactured from
this lead ore, from 25 cents, at which it was fixed
by the House of Representatives, to 15 cents per
one hundred pounds. This was done upon the
suggestion of the Committee on Finance. Redu-
cing both of these duties will be regarded, 1 am
fearful, as rather a blow at the producers of lead.
I understand from those who are conversant with
the subject, and particularly from one of the mem-
bers of'the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives, that theae duties ought
to stand as they were fixed by that House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it likely that this
duty ought to be $1 instead of 75cents; but it was
too high as it was fixed before. 1 am perfectly
willing that it should be amended by fixing it at
#1 per one hundred pounds.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I see that it is rather a
general thing in this bill that the duty upon the
manufactures of lead is not increased, while, if I
understand the bill, the object of it is to increase
the duties. The chairman of the committee will
find by examining the law as it now stands, the
act of 1861fthat lead ore is put at 14 cent a pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mistake in the
book which the Senator has in his hand. There
are two differentconstructions. Some say itcomes
under one clause, and some another. We exam-
ined it carefully the other day. It is doubtful
whether it comes under the 10 per cent, clause or
the 20 per cent, clause. This is a very large in-
crease of the duty.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it also a mistake in
the book in regard to the duties that were levied
under the acts of 1842, 1846, and 1857 ? I find
that under the act of 1842 this duty was 4 cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the duties now stand
far below the duties of 1842. They are, however,
an increase on the duties of 184G and 1857, par-
ticularly over those of 1857.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not think this duty
ought to be changed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is too high as it stands
in the bill in comparison with the duty on pig
lead, which is only $1 50. Its operation would
bo bad. Some kinds of lead ore must be imported
for certain purposes. This duty in my judgment
will not interfere with the lead ore produced in
this country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I regret that the chair-
man of the committee should accept the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Iowa. The duty upon
lead ore amounts to about the same charge with
the duty upon pig lead, owing to its greater bulk,
being in a crude state, making a great deal more
measurement than when the article is reduced.
Besides that, we import a lead ore which we can-
not get supplied in the country here for a great
many manufacturing purposes. A certain quality
of it is even used here for the purpose of redu-
cing the lead of the Wisconsin and Illinois mines.
It is employed in the manufacture of our own na-
tive lead. It is employed extensively in our sil-
ver and copper mining establishments; they re-
quire a quality of lead ore that is not native, and
has to be brought from abroad. A tax of $1 25
per hundred pounds, as proposed by the House
of Representatives, would exclude the foreign ar-
ticle required for.this business. We have to use it
in extracting gold as well as silver throughout
our gold and silver mining regions. This quality
of lead has to be used for other manufacturing
purposes, and has to be used for the purpose of
extracting certain qualities of lead in the lead
mines of this country. I trust that the amend-
ment as it was proposed by the committee will be
adopted. It is a very heavy tax then upon t'he ar-
ticle, and whether it will bear it or not it is diffi-
cult to say. It is the opinion of persons who are
well advised in regard to its uses that it is a large
and heavy charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Iowa, as there is a difference of opin-
ion between the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives on this point, whether it would not be
as well to let this matter stand as the committee
reported it, and arrange it on a further consulta-
tion with a committee of conference. At the same
time, I will not strenuously object to putting it at
a dollar. „ •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa moves to amend the amendment by
striking out " 75 cents," and inserting "$1. "
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will yield to the suggestion of the Senator
from Maine, and not insist upon his amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I have offered my amendment,
and I want a vote upon it, but I shall not call for
a division.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Finance
Committee to offeran amendment to the nextclause
of this section, and I prefer to move it now in its
order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but say that it is
a little surprising to the Senate to have members
of the committee get up and say that they move
amendments by authority of the committee, which
the committee never though t proper to present and
have printed.
Mr.FESSENDEN. They are mere slight amend-
ments, which have been agreed upon since. If the
Senator from Vermont objects, it would be per-
haps better to wait until we get through with the
reported amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is customary
and orderly to proceed with the amendments pre-
sented by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is presented by the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
enteitain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no choice as to when
it is offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is better to go
through with the printed amendments first.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I withdraw
this for the present.
The next amendment proposed by the commit-
tee was, in line one hundred and nine, after the
word " paddy," to insert " three quarters of one
cent."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move tq amend that by
inserting " per pound."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made unless there be objection, it
being merely verbal.
The next amendment was, in line one hundred
and ten, to strike out "and," and after "rice,"
strike out "three quarters of;" so that the whole
clause will read, "on rice, cleaned, 1| cent per
pound; paddy, three quarters of a cent per pound;
uncleaned rice, 1 cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line one hundred
and eighteen, to strike out " ten," and insert "fif-
teen;" so as to read, "on tin in pigs, bars, or
blocks, 15 per cent, ai valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line one hundred
and twenty, after the word " tin," to strike out
"twenty," and insert "twenty-five;" so as to
read, "on tin in plates or sheets, and tagger tin,
25 per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the ninth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 9. JinA fee it further enacted, That, in addition to tiie
duties heretofore imposed by law on tile articles hereinafter
mentioned and included in this section, there shall be levied,
collected-, and paid on the goods, wares, and merchandise
herein enumerated and provided for, imported from foreign
countries, the following duties and rates of duty, that is to
say: on Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson, Axminster, patent
velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapestry velvet carpets and car-
peting, Brussels carpets wrought bythe Jacquard machine,
and all medallion or whole carpets, 5 cents per square yard ;
