1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
about to embark on board the expedition now in |
the Potomac. If the House will pass this joint
resolution of the Senate, it will enable my own
State to advance money to pay those soldiers,
which the Legislature of the State has already ap-
propriated, and these men will thus have means
with which to provide themselves with those
things which will be necessary upon such an
expedition.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived, and the joint resolution was read.
The joint resolution provides that if any State
during the present rebellion shall make any Ap-
propriation to pay the volunteers of that State, the
Secretary of War is authorized to accept the same,
and to cause it to be applied by the Paymaster
General to the payments designated by the legis-
lative act making the appropriation, in the same
manner as if it had been appropriated by act of
Congress, and also to make any regulations that
may be neccssary for the disbursement and proper
application of such funds to the specific purposes
for which they may have been appropriated by
the several States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask whether this
joint lesolution proposes to pay the same amount,
and no more?
Mr. OLIN. Simply the same amount—if a
State steps in and advances money to the General
Government—that would otherwise be paid. The
General Government not being in a situation just
now to pay the troops at all, my State, knowing
that fact, passed a resolution appropriating money
to pay the troops in the same way that the Gen-
eral Government would have done; and the State
will, of course, have a claim upon the General
Government for the amount so advanced.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman why the General Government docs not pay
the troops? The State of Kentucky has some
troops m the field who have been in service since
the 7th day of November, and who have never
been paid. I would ask the gentleman why the
General Government itself does not pay these
troops?
Mr. OLIN. I will say, in reply to the gentle-
man, that the difficulty, whatever it may be, does
notoiiginatc in the military organization of the
Government, but it originates in the present em-
bairassment of the Treasury of the Government.
The Government will pay as fast as it can; and
the reason why these troops have not been paid
is that the Government is not in a situation to pay
everybody. My State, knowing that fact, has
stepped forward and advanced money to the Gen-
eral Government for the payment of its own
troops,and this resolution simply enables the Sec-
retary of\War to accept moneys thus advanced by
States, and appropriate them to the payment of
the troops in the same way as though they were
paid by the General Government. And the rea-
son why I ask that the resolution shall be passed
at this moment is, that about ten thousand troops
from the Stale of New York would be able to
receive their pay before they embark.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not quite understand this
resolution. Has it been printed ?
Mr. OLIN. Yes, it has been printed. It has
been passed by the Senate. If the gentleman had
listened to me a moment, he would have been sat-
isfied.
Mr. STEVENS. I did listen, and it convinced
me that the resolution ought not to pass.
Mr. OLIN. Well, the joint resolution is before
the House. The report has been received, has it
not?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
third reading of the joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I really wish it might be
postponed and printed. If X understand the reso-
lution itgives the States the discretion to pay whom
they please.
Mr. OLIN. No, sir. Where?
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
not be bellicose. [Laughter.] The resolution
provides that the Paymaster General shall apply
the money in the way that shall be designated by
the legislative act making the appropriation.
Mr. OLIN. That is the troops to whom it shall
be paid.
Mr. STEVENS. The State is to designate
where the money shall be applied.
Mr. OLIN. Certainly; we do notpropose to pay
the troops of Pennsylvania, but our own troops.
Mr. STEVENS. We have already a law by
which we agree to refund to the States what has
been paid by them up to this time. Now, J un-
derstand this to be a further provision, that the
States at their pleasure may make appropriations
to pay their troops, designating the particular way,
and then the General Government is to pay the
money.
Mr. OLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, that strikes me as in-
judicious. I beg pardon of the gentleman for
saying so, but 1 cannot help thinking that the Gen-
eral Government ought to say where the money
shall be expended. I know the money is raised
by the State, but is the State to take from the
General Government the raising of troops and the
payment of them? This is a provision for the
future, and not for the past at all. I would like to
know whether this does not apply to future oper-
ations? There seems to be some doubtabout it.
Mr. OLIN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I so understood, but gentle-
men around me thought otherwise.
Mr.OLIN. Itis ageneral provision. Suppose,
for instance, that the General Government is in
no situation lor months to come to pay the troops
of Pennsylvania or Ohio, is there any plausible
reason in the world why those States may not
step forward and raise the money to pay their
own troops, and simply ask the General Govern-
ment, when they are able to do so, to refund the
money? It does not appropriate a cent of money.
The General Government would appropriate the
money if they had it on hand, and the sole object
of this resolution is to accommodate the troops by
giving them some pay after they have served for
months without receiving a fraction of pay.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask the gentleman
how these troops are to be paid—by the United
States paymaster or by the State?
Mr. OLIN. It provides for the United States
paymaster paying the money in pursuance of the
Army regulations. What is done, is simply to
furnish the money to the General Government to
pay the troops, precisely as the General Govern-
ment would pay the troops if it had the money.
Mr. LOV15JOY. Why cannot the money be
paid into the United States Treasury as a loan?
Mr. OLTN. The United States Treasury has
not got anything to pay the men with.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But the State of New York
proposes to furnish the Treasury with money for
this purpose.
Mr. OLIN. It does go there; but without this
joint resolution, it might not be appropriated to
New Yoik troops
Mr. LOVEJOY. The loan might be made on
condition that it should be paid to the New York
troops.
Mr. OLIN. That is the whole effect of the
resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
whether he will not consent to a proviso that the
act shall only apply to troops already raised, and
mustered into the service.
Mr. OLIN. Of course I cannot consent to any
amendment; for, as I stated to the House half a
dozen times, unless the resolution can be passed
to-day, it might as well be thrown into the fire.
My State appropriates the money, and asks the
passage of tins resolution. At least ten thousand
of our troops have not yet been paid one dollar.
Mr. STEVENS. How would it do to provide
that this resolution shall not apply to any future
designation by the Legislature5
Mr. OLIN. I should not care much on the
subject, for any future contingency may be pro-
vided for when the necessity occurs; but 1 am
persuaded that if the House will listen for a mo-
ment to the proposition, no gentleman, unless he
is disposed to be captious and to defeat a meas-
ure of the utmost necessity, will object for an in-
stant to the passage of this resolution. It is a gen-
eral resolution, authorizing simply this: that if
any of the States choose to advance money to the
General Government to pay its own troops, the
Secretary of War may accept that loan, and ap-
propriate it to the purpose in the same way as if
it came direct from the Treasury. Gentlemen
seem very much alarmed lest this should be a
precedent for some other cases. Who knows
what the future embarrassments of the Govern-
ment may be? Js there, then, any impropriety
in saying that any of the States that chooses to
advance money for the payment of its own troops,
when the General Government has not funds on
hand, may do so? It does not alter the mode of
payment, but simply provides that the General
Government shall disburse these moneys in the
same way as if it furnished them itself.
Now, I have stated what the necessities for the
immediate action ofthe House are. These troops
are ordered now to embark. They are waiting
embarkation. Many of them have not received a
cent of pay from the General Government. The
State of New York, aware of the facts, "offers to
the General Government, by an act of its Legis-
lature, an amount sufficient to pay these troops,
and here wts are higgling as to whether it is judi-
cious to take this money and pay the troops,
when the General Government itself has not
money to pay them. Nobody objects to their
beingpaid. 1 have no doubt that some ingenious
gentleman might suggest a little amendment to
this joint resolution by which, in a very adroit
way, the measure would be defeated, because it
could not possibly get through this House and
then go to the Senate and be acted on there in suf-
ficient time for the object proposed by it. I move
the previous question on the third reading of the
joint resolution.
Mr. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. OLIN. I yield for a question.
Mr. EDWARDS. { do not assume that I come
within the class adverted toby the gentleman from
New York—that class of ingenious gentlemen
who might, perhaps, suggest some amendment
; that would embarrass the bill. But I desire to ask
a question for the information of the House, as
! the gentleman is a very good lawyer and has given
i attention to this bill. I understand it to allow the
State to say to whom the money shall be paid,
and that any State may, during the present rebel-
lion, make appropriations to pay the volunteers
of that State, if that means the volunteers raised
under the law and accepted by the General Gov-
ernment, it is safe enough; but if it means any
volunteers whom the State may put in service, it
would be a bad precedent. Now, I wish to ask
the gentleman what his construction is ofthe de-
scription of troops to be paid, because it relates
to all time during the rebellion.
Mr. OLIN. The resolution ceitainly cannot
be misapprehended. It would be a curious fraud
to be perpetrated by the State of New York to
advance money to troops who had never been in
the service of the United States, and then to call
on the General Government to refund the amount.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It applies to other States as
well as to New York.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the act (S. No. 136) to pro-
vide for the appointment of sutlers in the volun-
teer service, and to define their duties.
STATE MONEYS TO VOLUNTEERS AGAIN.
Mr. OLIN. In answer to the question of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, I will say that
such a construction as he suggests cannot possi-
bly be put upon this act. It is an act to make
provision for paying the volunteers in the service
of the General Government during the present
| rebellion. It provides further that the act of the
Slate may designate, as this act does, the troops
to which the appropriation is to be applied. If
authorizes the Secretary of War to accept the
amount of moneys thus appropriated, and to have
it paid in the same way as if it were appropriated
by the General Government. There was no ne-
cessity for incorporating in this joint resolution a
particular designation ofthe men. Theactof the
State designates the troops, and provides that the
Secretary of War may accept the moneys offered.
If the act of a State should provide for paying
money to troops not mustered into the service,
the Secretary of War would probably not accept
it. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
| main question ordered; and under its operation
: the joint resolution was read a third time and
l passed.
j Mr, OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
