1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
the Pacific coast. What we wanted there was
simply a navy-yard for the repair of vessels, and
it should not be at Mare Island, but at the port of
San Francisco. What we wanted there was an
arsenal for the impair of arms and ordnance, and
a navy-yard for repairs and not for the purpose
of construction; because all the materials needed
in the construction of vessels, either steamboats
or sailing vessels, would have to be transported
from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will modify my
amendment by adding to it these words:
But no portion of this appropriation shall he expended
unless the vvoik can be completed for the sum heiehy ap-
piopnated.
The amendment, us modified, was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I move to strike out the whole
clause in relation to Mare Island, with a view of
completing what I desired to say upon this subject.
It is, perhaps, quite too late to put any check upon
the expenditure that has been initiated by the
Government ut this point. A navy-yard for the
purpose of construction has really been estab-
lished there, and also an arsenal for construction.
Tins island, it will be observed by every one who
is familiar with the geography of the country, is
twenty or thirty miles from the bay of San Fran-
cisco in the interior; and whenever a vessel which
enters the bay of San Francisco requires repairs,
it must be towed up to this island, repaired, and
returned again to the bay of San Francisco.
Every gentleman who has over held a seat upon
this floor is familiar with the fact, that a navy-yard
for the purpose of construction at that point has
been an acknowledged humbug, and a vessel will
never be built there, unless it be built at an ex-
pense greatly exceeding what would be required
to build it in either of the existing navy-yards of
the country, and to transport it to that point.
MESSAGE FRO51 THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Spiaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
announced that the Senate had passed a bill (No.
317) for tile benefit of Robert Small and others;
in which lie was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded with the consideration of the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. OLIN. What is really required on the
Pacific coast is a navy-yard for the repair of ves-
sels, and an arsenal for the repair of arms and
ordnance, and such an establishment could be
completed atacost infinitely less than the amount
which the Government has already expended on
the woiks m progress there. It is desirable that
the extravagant scale upon which these works
have been commenced should be curtailed as far
as practicable, especially at a time like this, when
the Government has no money to expend for pur- j
poses purely ornamental. 1 suppose the appro- |
priation proposed in this bill is simply to carry i
on the existing project for which appropriations j
have been made from year to year since the work 1
was commenced; and perhaps, in that view of i
the ease, if the work is to be continued upon the !
scale oiigiually designed, the appropriation is j
not an extravagant one for that purpose. I have '
made these remarks with a view of calling the ;
attention of the House to the question whether •
some limit may not be imposed upon the expend- j
ilure of money for purposes so fruitless, so un- :
necessary, and so extravagant as, m my judg-
ment, these works are. I am not strenuous for a
vote upon my amendment. The amendment of
my colleague, [Mr. F. A. Conklixg,] winch has
been adopted, will, perhaps, put some limitation
upon tins expenditure. It will authorize the ex-
penditure of the money only upon the condition
that the buildings for which it is appro printed shall
be completed for this sum. If that can be accom-
plished, I shall be satisfied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. PHELPS, of California. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
and 1 am sorry that he should have moved such
an amendment without, having first informed him-
self better than he appears to have done as to the
necessity and prospects of the navy-yard at Mare
Island. The gentleman asserts that no vessel will
ever be constructed on the Pacific coast. In that
I think he is entirely mistaken. Not only will
vessels be constructed there, but they have been.
Mr. OLIN. Th e gentleman certainly misun-
derstood me. He says that 1 stated to the House
that no vessel could ever be constructed there. I
asserted no such thing. What I did assert was
that any vessel which would ever be constructed
there would be constructed at an expense greater
than that for which itcould be builtatPortsmouth,
or Boston,or Norfolk,or Pensacola,and be trans-
ported clear round the coast to California.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The best evi-
dence that that is not the fact is, that private par-
tics on that coast are constructing vessels there
now, and have been for several years. Notwith-
standing the fact that labor has been high there—
much higher than it is now—parties have con-
structed a great number of vessels on that coast,
and they are constructing them there now every
day. it is true that much of the timber which
we propose to use in the construction of vessels
has not as yet been thoroughly tested; but the
best informed men upon that coast are of the opin-
ion that we have timber there not only as avail-
able, but equally as good as you have upon the
shores of the lakes in the western States. We
not only expect to build vessels there, but we ex-
pect to build an immense number of them there,
It is true that some years ago the Government
commenced the construction of a vessel of war
there, and that recently that vessel has been con-
demned. But no Cahfornian, nor any one at all
acquainted with the circumstances under which
that vessel was condemned, believes for a single
moment that it was for any reason of decay about
the vessel that she was condemned. We believe
it was simply because some of those who had her
in charge were traitors to the Government, that
she was condemned and surrendered. Some of
the men who surrendered that vessel, or who pro-
cured her to be condemned m the waters of China,
are in the forts in the harbor of San Francisco as
traitors to the Government; and I doubt not that
more of them should be.
Now I presume that there is not a single navy-
yatd in the whole country which should be to-day
more actively employed than thatat Marc Island.
You have not only left the Pacific coast wholly
undefended, but you nowpropose to take from that
section of country the facilities for defending her-
self. Instead, therefore, of restricting the expend-
itures for that yard, they should be increased.
Instead of stopping work there we should carry it
on more vigorously than ever before. There never
was a time in the history of the country when it
was more necessary than it is at this time, to put
the Pacific coast in a complete state of defense.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
by adding after line one hundred and fifty one the
words, " (orfurnishing the house of the command-
ant, $'2,000." In behalf of that amendment I desire
to say a few words. I believe that it has been the
practice, at least in some of the yards, to fur-
nish the house of the commandant. Office is are
sent out there who probably remain but a short
period of time. Captain Gardiner, who has just
been relieved from that post, has been in command
for only seven or eight months. It costs these offi-
cers a large amount to furnish their houses. To
transporuheir furniture outthere and back, would
cost more than it would be worth. I think that
i he allowance for furnishing the house of the com-
mandant should ho made; and I submit it to the
judgment of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Never until last
year, I believe, has any appropriation been made
for that purpose; and we havealready stricken out
of this bill an appropi lation of a like character. I
trust, therefoie, that the amendment will not be
adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to amend by striking
out fiom line one hundred and fifty-seven to one
bundled and sixty-thire, as follows:
Foi purchase of twenty-'-ovon and three huudied and
fifh' live ihoii ati<ii!H acre-: ol land on jSeavcy -< i-I.md, ad-
jacent to tin; Kiueiy n.\v\-\a,d, limns up the huddHi^
thei ;on iot a hospital, liiiildin-j co.ii whait and co.d
and l<n fencing the pounds Provided, That the cost ot tile
laud so to ho ptucha-ed shall not exceed
So that it will read: " Hospitals, Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, §20,000."
I offer this amendment from information given
to me from good sources, that the purchase of this
land is not recommended by the Department, and
not called for or wanted for hospital purposes.
I am told that $20,000 is sufficient for all purposes;
and I am also told that there is a very nice little
job in this. I would like to call the attention of
the House to it, and more especially the attention
of my friend from New York, [Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and, if it be rejected, I will move to amend
the paragraph. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. AnconaVproposes to erect a hospital in
the navy-yard at Portsmouth. Against any such
proposition as that I shall give my vote. There
is no hospital in any navy-yard in this country,
and there never should be one, because, in case
of any contagious disease in the hospital, the
workmen in the navy-yard would be exposed to
it. The hospital at New York is from half a mile
to a mile from the navy-yard; at Boston, it is lo-
cated across the water, at Chelsea; at Philadel-
phia, it is located at West Philadelphia, a mile or
two fiom the navy-yard. The reason against
placing hospitals in navy-yards is that in cases of
vessels coming there with contagious diseases the
whole navy-yard would be in quarantine, and no
matter what the wants of the Government might
be, the work in such navy-yard would have to
be stopped. It is an absurdity, on the face of it,
to attempt to place an hospital in a navy-yard.
What the Committee on Naval Affairs has agreed
upon, after much consideration, is this: across a
narrow channel, opposite this Portsmouth navy-
yard, is Seavey's island. The channel is so nar-
row that the ship-house and all the buildings in
the navy-yard, ifprivate owneisshould choose to
build on the opposite side of the channel, would
be exposed to destruction by fire. From year to
year, the purchase of a strip of land on this island
has been lecommended. A committee which was
appointed at a preceding Congress reported on the
subject, setting forth the difficulties which I have
enumerated,and recommending that the Govern-
ment shall secure the strip on Seavey's island.
The proposition was introducd here by a gentle-
man from New Hampshire,[Mr.mar&ton,]when
the appropriation bill was up before, and it re-
sulted in a provision such as is now introduced in
this bill for the purchase of grounds, buildings,
coal wharf, coal shed, &,e. The Committee on
Naval Affairs have now agreed on a modification
of that provision, which, 1 presume, will com-
mend itself to the good sense of the gentleman
who proposes the amendment. It is that the Gov-
ernment shall buy this laud; that it shall have
conveniences for coal wharf, storing coal, &c.,
and shall put a hospital building on this purchased
land, instead of in the navy-yard. I will offer an
amendment to that effect, if this amendment be
voted down.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move, pro forma, to amend
the amendment by increasing the appropriation to
$22,000. I do so for the purpose of making a few
remarks. The amendment now proposed is, ac-
cording to my recollection, the same proposition
that was contained in the naval appropriation bill
when it was first reported; and,on a full hearing,
that proposition was stricken out,and the provis-
ion, as it now stands in this bill, was inserted.
Therefoie the question has been once decided by
the House. The proposition now is, to have a
revision and a reversal of that decision.
Now, sir, it is said by the mover of this amend-
ment that he does not understand that this prop-
osition is recommended by the Department. On
the hearing which took place when the bill was
originally reported, and when the provision now
in the bill was inserted in place of the one which
the gentleman now offers, there werp testimonials
read, until the ehaiiman of the Committee of
Ways and Means said it was not worth while to
proceed any further in the matter, because the
proposition commended itself fully to the appro-
bation of the committee. And now it will be seen
that, instead of appropriating $20,000 for a hos-
pital, it gives authority to purchase some twenty-
seven acres of hind, not at an extiavagant price,
and containing hospital buildings sufficient for all
{imposes. The only question here is, whether
we shall have a hospital without the land, or
