1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOB1.
with its spirit and purposes to the people of Accomac and
Northampton counties, of the eastern shore of Virginia, on
the 13th ultimo. And wc behove it would be productive of
beneficial results if Congress would at the present time re-
affirm the principles of that resolution, and thereby give
assurance that it proclaims the fixed policy of the Govern-
ment.
s 4. Resolved, That Maryland is ready to fulfill all her con-
stitutional obligations to the General Government, as a loyal
State of the Union, and desires that the integrity of the
Union may bp preseived and the supremacy of the Consti-
tution restored.
5. Resolved) That the Governor be requested to transmit
copicsof the foregoing preamble and resolutions to the Pies-
ident of the United States, and to our Senators and Repie-
sentatives in Congress.
QUALIFICATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. HUTCHINS submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered and agreed to:
Whereas certain members of this House are in the mili-
tary service of the United States, under the laws thereof,
called into the service by the Presidentof the United States
and commissioned by Stateauthorities, but in the pay of the
United States and subject to the military authority thereof:
Therefore,
Resoloed, That the Committee of Elections be requested
to inquire: first, whether a member can retain his seat in
this House while thus in the service and payand subjectto
the military service of the United States, without a viola-,
tlon of the Constitution of the United States; and second,
if there be no constitutional impediment to a member hold-
ing his seat and being in the military service of the United
States at the same time, whether such practice is consistent
with the independence of the legislative department of the
Government; and what legislation, if any, is necessary to
prevent such practice, and that said committee report by
, bill or otherwise.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, at
the last session of the present Congress, by vote,
almost unanimous 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to debate the resolution ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do, sir.
The SPEAKER. It goes over.
UNITED STATES FLOATING DEBT.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, and demand the previous question:
KcsoZuerl, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report at an early day to the House, the sum total of the
present floating debt of the United States, as nearly a* the
same can be ascertained or estimated, giving also, as far as
practicable, the several heads, as to departmentsorsubject-
matter, into which the said debt may be arranged.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
WASHINGTON JAIL.
Mr. PENDLETON offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Col umbia
be instructed to examine into the condition of the jail of the
city of Washington, and to report on the expediency of
repairing and improving the present building or of erecting
a new one, and of pioviding in the meantime a more suit-
able place of confinement for the persona imprisoned.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BLAKE. I send up a communication from
the Superintendent of the Folding Room; and, in
connection with it, I offer the following resolution,
and call for the previous question:
Resolved, Thatthe Superintendent of Public Punting be
requested 10 inform this House why the public documents,
named In the foregoing statement of the Superintendent of
the Foldinglloom, are withheld from the members of Con-
gress.
Mr. HICKMAN. What are the documents
referred to?
The Clerk read the communication from the
Superintendent of the Folding Room, giving the
names of the documents, with the number of sets
deficient, to wit: Stevens's Pacific Railroad Sur-
veys Report, part one, one hundred and thirty-two
sets; Stevens's Pacific Railroad Surveys Report,
part two, three hundred and seventeen sets; Mes-
sage with the accompanying Documents, 1860,
part three, two hundred and five sets; Finance
Report, 1S59-G0.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. COX offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House what, if any,
steps the executive department has taken for the systematic
exchange of prisoners.
FEDERAL RELATIONS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to present joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the state of Ken-
tucky on the subject of Federal relations.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to hear the res-
olutions read.
The SPEAKER, It is not customary to read
resolutions of a State-Legislature, but to receive
them and have them printed and laid on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to that
course being pursued.
It was so ordered.
ARMY COMMISSIONS.
Mr. MENZIES, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to better provide for filling
vacancies in the offices of colonel, lieutenant col-
onel, and major in the volunteer service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
RAILROAD CONNECTIONS WITH KENTUCKY.
Mr. MALLORY presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky in refer-
ence to the construction of a railroad to connect
Kentucky with Eastern Tennessee and Western
North Carolina; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
FEDERAL COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. GRIDER presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky concerning
Federal courts for the district of Kentucky; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
PLEDGE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means re-
port a hill plod-ring the public lands aud the net proceeds
thereof for the payment of the inteiest and principal ot the
public debt.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so that the committee shall be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill.
Mr, WICKLIFFE. I have no objection to the
modification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
DIRECT TAXATION IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. DUNLAP presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, relating
to the assumption by that Commonwealth of the
Federal direct taxation; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
DISLOYALTY OF A FEDERAL JUDGE.
Mr. MAYNARD offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is alleged that West II. Humplneys, now
holding a commission as one ot the judges of the district
court of the United States, ha<?, for nearly twelve months,
failed to hold the courts for the distucts of East, Middle,
and West Tennessee, as by law he was required to do, and
that he has accepted a judicial commission in hostility to
the Government of the United States, and is assuming to
act under it :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the truth of the said allegations, with power to bend
for persons and papers, and report from tunc to time such
action as they may deem proper.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. LAW offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
requested to inquire into the expediency of limiting the
payment of pent-ions and bounties ot soldier*, who lrnve
been disabled and died while in the service of the Govern-
ment of tne Umtod States, to t-uch heirs of said soldiers as
are lesidents of the lo\al States, aud who have declared
their intention to become citizens, or who have taken the
final oath and the oatii of allegiance as now prescribed by
law.
FEDERAL TAXATION.
Mr. COLFAX offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for taxation for the support ot the Government, a* fol-
lows. One mill per mile on all railroad passenger navel;
one eighth of one percent, on ail sales, and transfers of bank,
railroad, and corpoiation .stocks; one eighth of one percent,
on ail bills of exchange and notes discounted by banks or
biokers; a docket fee of five dollar* on all civil suits com-
menced m any couitof reeoid, to be paid in advance by
the plaintiff, but tt> be taxed with other costs of the suit,
dependent on the final judgment thereof.
RETRENCHMENT AND REFORM. •
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following regula-
tion, and demand the previous question upori itj
Resoloed, That the committee.on retrenchment and re-
form, of winch Mr. Conxltko is chairman, be instructed
to report a bill reducing all salaries, civil and military, ex-
ceeding $2,000, thirty per cent., and those exceeding $1 >000
ten per cent., and increasing the pay of private soldiers of
the Army to fifteen dollars per month, and of non-coriimis-
sioned officers in proportion. " 1
Mr. STEVENS. Is that a resolution- of iKf-
quiry? ,
The SPEAKER. It is a resolution of instruc-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by making'
it one of inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order pending a demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, unless the gentleman
modifies the resolution, I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I consent to the modification
proposed, although I would prefer a good deal to
have the resolution adopted m its present form.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution, as modified, was adopted.
NATIONAL ARMORY AT CHICAGO.
Mr. ARNOLD, in pursuance of previous no 
tice, introduced abill to establish a national armory
and foundery at Chicago, in the State of Illinois;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the special committee on the establish-
ment of the national armory.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. ARNOLD also introduced abill to confis-
cate the property of persons in insurrection against
the United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. RICHARDSON introduced the following
resolution; which wasrcad,considered,and agreed
to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the power of Congress, under the
Constitution, to make Treasury notes payable on demand
a legal tendet, and that they report the re&ultof such inqui-
ries at the earliest piacticable day.
SEQUESTRATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose the following reso-
lution of inquii y, and if there be objection to it I
will move the previous question on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be re-
quested to inquire as to the expediency of reporting a bill
for the consideration of this House, to empower generals
in command who may take possession of any inhabited por-
tion of the levolted States, to appoint for each county or
district so occupied a commissioner of sequesti ation, whose
duty it shall be: First. To take into his possession, for the
use and behoof of the United States, all property, real and
personal, found in the county or distiict without an owner.
Second. To convert all personal property into money, by
selling it at public auction, duly notified, as soon as it can
be done to advantage, and pay the money into the Treasury
of the United States. Third. To sell at auction, in like man-
ner, all home&teada sequestered, and with each a suitable
quantity of land, not cxccedins; one hundred acres to each
house. Fourth. To give a homestead, either a village lot, Or
a farm of suitable size, in no case exceeding forty acres, to
every able-bodied man who will beule on the same, build
on, or cultivate it, and live thercun three jears; title to cora~
mence at the end of three years. Fifth. The remainder of
the land to be suivcyed and disposed of aa other public
lands of the United States.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should like to
inquire whether the word " property" in that res-
olution includes slaves? If it does, would the
gentleman have them sold at auction by Govern-
ment authority>
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not hear the question
of the gentleman from Ohio. I, however, demand
the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for tellers on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg, of
Illinois, and Crisfield were appointed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As that is merely
a resolution of inquiry, I will withdraw my objec-
tion to it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will suggest to
my colleague that the resolution should goto the
Committee on the Judiciary.
