2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
whether we shall have the land and the hospital
at the same price. I think that if any gentleman
will hesitate on this subject, it must be from con-
siderations not very obvious to the House. I
trust, therefore, that this land, which will be of
great convenience, and which can now be pur-
chased at a very low price, may be obtained ac-
cording to the provisions of the bill, and that the
amendment will not prevail. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The following clause of the bill being under con-
sideration:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
For purchase of twenty-seven and three hundred and fif-
tv-five thousandths acres ofland on Seavey's island, adja-
cent to the Kittery navy-yard, fitting up the build.ngs
ttiereou for & hospital, building coal wharf and eoal shed,
and for fencing the grounds: Provided, That the cost of
the land so to be purchased shall not exceed $14,500,
$20,000.
JV£r. SEDGWICK moved to amend so as to
strike out the words " fitting up the buildings
thereon for a hospital building," and to insert in-
stead thereof the words " $14,500;" to strike out
the proviso to the paragraph, and insert, after the
word "grounds," as follows:
five thousand five hundred dollars.
For hospital on Seavey's island, $10,000: Provided, That
no building shall be crected or extended until complete
nluns, specifications, and estimates of cost in dotail shall
be famished to and approved by the Secretary of the Navy,
and contracts therefor shall be made upon due and public
advertisement.
]Vtr. SEDGWICK. I desire the Clerk to read
the recommendation of the committee appointed
to examine the navy-yards some time ago.
The Clerk read, as follows:
« Owing to a bridge being thrown acioss from Jenkins
Island to the navy-yard, the latter has become a thorough-
fare for all persons passing to and ho, and the precaution
taken in other yards to kcepont stranger.- after sunset can-
not be so strictly observed here, as the inhabitants on the
island are allowed to pass until gun-fire. The bridge is not
any inconvenience to the yard, as far as can be ascer-
tained; ftill, a<3 the yaid is a Government establishment,
and should be kept strictly under military jules, it will be
found difficult (when ttie population incieases) to enloree
those K'gulations which have been made for the pie&erva-
tion and security ot public piopeuy,
« The yard might be made more secure by purchasing a
strip ot land on the Wand, extending from the budse tothe
gouthwosteinmost point of the inland. The piopnty will
be valuable to the Government  n ea*-e it is deniable to
move the maiine bunackt* or build a hospital. The .yaid
is certainly not a pioper pi,ice for the latter, for in ea-e of
yellow fever or other contagious disease being taken on
shore, the whole yard would be placed at once under quai-
antine, and the Government woik would necessarily have
to be discontinued—peihaps, too. at a time when "it was
very necessaiy for it to be canted on.
"Though there is a large watei front to the yard, there
are not many places where ve&hels (steamers) can he to
coal. The southwest point, or rather the we^-t point of
Jenkins island, would be a doirable acquisition in this
respect.
« It may also be deniable that Government should shut
up the creek some of these days, for the purpose of build-
ing a stone diy-dock at the mouth of it. When the present
dock ,n; worn out, oi will be no longer serviceable to
accommodate the larger cla<s of\team men-of war, a dock
can easily be made here by running a bulkhead across, and
pumping out the water, and no other excavation will be
required than that aheady piovidcrf foi by nature, and great
facilities will exist foi getting in the building matmial/both
by land and water
« The roads require no repairs, even after a hard winter.
Everything has a place appropuated for it."
M>. SEDGWICK. I now ask the Clerk to
read a communication from the superintendentof
the yard, dated in May last.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy-Vaud, Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
May 24, 18ul
Sir: I have the honor to represent to the buteuu that
the portion of Seavey's i>land, winch is on I v fupaiatedfiom
this yard by a very narrow stream of water, would b" of
great importance to the yard, as it would place the United
States m possession of both shoies ot said nartow parage
and would afford ample loom near the water tor the land-
ing and keeping heavy aitides m place*- whete they could
be removed to ships with htfie delay and expense. Foi a
eoal-yuid or coal depot this portion offc5e.iv e> '^island would
be especially convenient, as the coal could be landed them
and th«n removed in lighters to ships needtngasnpph with
great facility and little expense, whereas now, m oider to
prevent its obstructing the woiking pait of the vard, it has
to be carted away from the yaid whaives, and then, when
needed, recarted alongside of any steamer needing a sup-
ply- Besides, as it has been found that coal exposed to tiiv
open air for years has more or loss deteriorated, i .should
strongly recommend that a coal-shed be built on rfeavey's
island, close to the water, lor preservation, and that
rails be laid in the center of said sited for the conveyance
of the coal to the lighters. A portion of th « land is now,
as I understand, for sale, for the small sum of $13,000,"* and
* Another lot and dwelling house: are included in the
proposed purchase—both for the sum of $14,500.
rhat upon it are several buildings, all of which would be
.serviceable to the United States lor a hospital and outbuild-
ings, or for residences for the civil engineer and chaplain
of the yard. These buildings are included irx the turn
already named.
Believing that you will peiccive theimpoitance of seem-
ing this piece of land with the buildings theieon, T have
taken leave to submit my views relative to the matter tor
your consideration and action.
1 have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient
servant, G. F. PEARSON, Commandant.
Commodore Joseph Smith,
Chief of Bureau of Yards and Docks, Washington.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of op-
posing this amendment. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York, as I understand it,
proposes to increase the appropriation $10,000.
Now, sir, when the naval appropriation bill was
before the House early in the session, this subject
was thoroughly examined, and it was asserted
that the amount then reported would be sufficient
for the purchase of the land and the ercction of
the buildings! It was said that the land would
cost $14,500, and that $4,500 was all that was
needed in addition. I never heard then of any
proposition to make theentireappropriation above
$20,000. But now it is proposed to appropriate
$10,000 in addition for the hospital itself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that there
is no necessity for this additional $10,000. The
Government is certainly paying a very large sum
for the ground itself—over five hundred dollars
per acre for land which, I understand, is entirely
barren and valueless for any other purpose than
that for which the Government proposes to use
it. 1 undeistand that the supeiiutendent contem-
plates the crection of buildings for the chaplain
and other officers of the. hospital. Certainly this
additional appropriation of $10,000 cannot be ne-
cessary, if the statements made when the other
bill was before the House were at all icliable.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. For the purpose
of enabling me to say a word upon this subject,
1 propose to amend by striking out the entire par-
agraph of the bill.
Mr. Chairman, if when this bill was first re-
potted to the House, exception had been taken to
this clause of the bill it must have been decided
out of order, if the rules of the House had been
strictly administered, for the rule of this House
requires that in a general appropiiation bill no
appropi iation shall be reported unless authorized
by existing law.
Now, there is no hospital at the Portsmouth
navy-yard, or if there is, the sick mariner is pro-
vided for at a private building outside the yard,
precisely as the sick mariner of the commercial
maiine is supported and taken care of where no
maiine hospital is established. The fact, then,
now exists that there is an appropriation in this
geneial appropriation bill for $20,000, for which
there is no existing law authorizing it. It is too
late now to raise the question of order, but I am
opposed to retaining it in the bill. I am in favor
of pursuing the same course in respect to a hos-
pital at this point that we have in past yoars. The
Portsmouth navy-yard is not more than one hun-
dred miles from that at Boston. For one, [ think
we have too many na\y-yards. Before the com-
mencement of the pu-sciit (roubles, wo had navy-
yards at Portsmouth, at Charlcstown, at Brook-
lyn, at Philadelphia, at Washington, at Norfolk,
and at Pensacoia. I repeat, therefore, that we
have had too many navy-yards on the Atlantic
coast, and, for one, I am aveise by my vote to aid
in the insertion in an appropriation bill of any
appropriation for increasing or extending these
yards.
The question of order cannot now be raised
upon this appropriation. It could only have been
raised when the Committee of Ways and Means
reported the bill. But,sir, you may look ovei the
appropriation bills for the last several years, and
you will find no appropriations for the mainte-
nance ofa hospital at the Portsmouth navy-yard,
none whatever. Wherever we have established
naval hospitals, as we have in a few-instances,
we appropriate money annually to support them.
We have one at Charlcstown, one at New York,
and one at Philadelphia, where sick seamen on
board men-of-war are provided for, and I see no
reason for increasing the nutnbei. As I have said,
Charlcstown is less than one hundred miles fiurn
Portsmouth, and if many are sick at Poitsmouth,
they may be sent to Charlestown and taken care
of. It seems to me that at this time, when we
oughtto be economizing our expenditures instead
of extending them, we should not make such an
appropriation as is here proposed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Missouri is not strictly accurate in relation
to the facts of the case. There is, as I am in-
formed, a sort of a building used for a hospital at
this Portsmouth navy-yard.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it upon this
ground ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is near by.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. But not upon it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is near it.
Now, sir, this appropriation has been asked for
years ago. It was asked for last year, when the
wants of the Government in this regard were noth-
ing in comparison with what they are at this time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let me say to
the gentleman from Vermont that if it was asked
forin ordinary times, when there wasan overflow-
ing Treasury, and refused even then, it is certainly
no argument in favor of granting it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was refused
because the service of the Government did not at
that time require it. Now, it is known by the
members of the House that all our hospitals are
full to overflowing. In every part of the country
they are filled with the sick and wounded returned
from the Army and Navy. There is a necessity
for this appropriation, therefore, whether there is
any law for it or not. It seems the Navy Depart-
ment supposes that it is time we should have a
law authorizing a hospital at this place, and I do
not doubt they are right.
The question being upon the amendment offered
by Mr. Sedgwick,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Piielps of
Missouri, and Dawes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 63, noes 30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, to
stiike out the whole paiagraph, was then dis-
agreed to.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration:
Boston :
For ex tension ofho«spital and repairs of buildings, $71,500,
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend by adding
the usual proviso in respect to requiring the sum
appropriated to complete the buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration:
New Yoik:
For house for director of laboratory, repairs, and improve-
ments, $21,500,
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend by strik-
ing out the words " house for director of labora-
tory,'' and to icduce the appropriation to $7,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I move to insert, after line
one hundred and seventy-six, as follows:
For hospital building at Washington, Distuct of Colum-
bia, $20,000.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I will merely say that this
proposition has been under consideration, but I
believe not recommended by any committee of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman raise
a question of order upon the amendment?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do; that it is not author-
ized by existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and decides the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. SEDG WICK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " for repairs, improvements, and furnituie
for buildings, and for contingencies at the United
Sutes Naval Academy, $48,047," and inserting
the following:
For rent of quarters for the Naval Academy at Now-
poit, wages, fiumtme, and contingent expenses therefor,
§48,047.
The question was put; and the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
The Clerk commenced reading the next clause.
Mr. HOLMAN". It is suggested—and I laisc
that as a point of otder—that there is no law au-
thorizing this expenditure except in connection
with the Naval Academy at Annapolis. There
are no terms used indicating the intention of using
