1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
to amend the resolution so that it shall instruct
{he committee to inquire as to what is due the
laborers upon those fortifications, and if anything,
to report a bil! to pay it, I will be satisfied,
Mr. STEVENS. I only want what is right.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand from that
reportandfrom other facts connected with the case,
that the contractor has received more money upon
five forts than all the works are worth upon a fair
estimate, and I would ask if he was not bound by
his contract to pay the wages of these laborers?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Five of these forts
were built by the Californian, Beard, under a con-
• tract with General Fremont, and he has received
$191,000. The other five were built under the
superintendence of Major Kappner by day labor
and they cost only $60*,000, although larger than
the five built by Beard. The day laborers have
not been paid for their honest work, while this
California contractor employed by Fremont has
been paid three or four prices for less work.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Was he not bound by the
terms of his contract to apply the money put into
his hands by the commanding general to the pay-
ment of these laborers?
Mr. HOLMAN. The contract in reality only
applied, and should apply, to the last five forts,
and not to the firstfive, although it was dated back
and covered them all. The testimony taken upon
that subject shows that a portion of the $60,000
which had accrued to these men who worked upon
these first five forts night and day, was paid,
while a portion of it still remains unpaid. The
officer, Major Kappner, a man of integrity, who
supervised the construction of these five forts, em-
ployed the men and kept an account of the amount
paid to and of the amount still due to these labor-
ers, so that it will not be at all difficult to ascer-
tain the amount now due. Certainly, there is'no
question but. what a portion of the $60,000 remains
■unpaid. Laboiers were employed from various
parts of the country, and money is still due them.
It ia a well known fact that the five forts, con-
structed after these first five under the supervision
of Major Kappner, and under the contract with
Beard, cost an extraordinary amount of money.
Those constructed by Major Kappner were con-
structed without any contract, and simply by the
employment of day laborers, although the con-
tract, with the extravagant rates afterwards made
with Beard, covered all of the forts.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will allow mo, let nie suggest that if we are
to be imperatively ordered to icport a bill without
knowing what it is, the gentleman should be good
enough to fix the sum for which we should report
the bill. I think that if itis referred to the commit-
tee to inquire into what sum of money is due,
the committee will try to do justice by examining
into the matter, and reporting a bill to pay those
men. But I do not like any imperative order to
report to pay, without knowing something about
what we arc to pay.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is the habit of the
House, upon certain occasions, to instruct com-
mittees to report bills, and no committee that I
am aware of, has uhown any sensitiveness upon
the subject except the gentleman from the Ways
and Means Committee. The committee of which
I happen to be a member have had absolute in-
structions sent to them to report bills upon speci-
fied subjects, and I might have made the same
complaint which thegentieman from Pennsylvania
now makes. I did not consider that as treating
the committee with any indignity whatever,
Mr. STEVENS. I do not treat the matter in
that light at all, but my principal objection is that
I do not see how wo can obey the directions.
The question was put upon the motion to re-
consider, and it was agreed to.
The original resolution being thus before the
House,
Mr. STEVENS moved to amend by striking
out the word "instructions to report a bill," and
to insert in lieu thereof the words " instructions
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill"
to pay, &c.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It should be "in-
quire into the amount due, and if any, to report
a bill to pay what is found due."
Mr. STEVENS. I think myamendmentcovers
the whole ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted
BANK NOTES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CALVERT. I desire to report back from
the Cotftmittee for the District of Columbia? a bill
(H. R. No. 331) to authorize the banks in the
District of Columbia to issue and circulate notes
of less denomination than five dollars, and in con-
nection with it I desire to have a letter of the dis-
trict attorney of the District read.
The SPEAKER. It is hardly in order to re-
port a bill upon a call of States for resolutions.
INCREASED RAILROAD FACILITIES.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, introduced the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House .i copy of the letter atldiessed
to the Secretary of War by the President of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company, concerning increased railroad
facilities between the cities ot New Yoik and Washington.
PASSENGERS ON STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. CRAVENS introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Commeicobe instructed
to inquire into the expediency of amending an act entitled
"jAn act to piovide lor tho bettor secuiit} of tho lives of
passengers* on board ot vessels propelled in whole or m part
by steam, and for other purposes,'" appioved August J,
so as to extend its provisions to all vessels navigating ihe
Ohio rivci, whether propelled by steam or not, and to im-
port by bill or othei wise.
ARREST OF NEGROES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now offer tho resolution I
offered some time since, and upon it I demand the
previous question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee foi the Oistuet of Colum-
bia be mstiuctcd to inquire into the facts and asceitaui and
icpoit to tins House by what authority of law Mr- Bi.s< oe,
living on Dunbarton stteet. in Geoi<rcto\vn, seized oi caused
to he seized two men, namely : Louis A\ei^and Washing-
ton Watts; ami al-o by what authority of law or legal pio-
cc-53 these men have been sent to Paltimoio and nnmuied
in jad, and whcthei the arrest and imprisonment is not a
dneet violation of that provision of the Constitution (fifth
aitiele of Amendment?) which says that no person shall
be deprived of his life or hbei ty without due process of law.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. ORISF1ELD moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire the unanimous
consent of the House to make an inquiry.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. CRISF1ELD. I withdraw my motion to
lay the res, 'utjon on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for tellers upon
ordering the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Crisfielp,
and Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 53, noes 39.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to lay the reso-
lution upon tho tabic, as I cannot, ascertain whether
these aie white men or black men.
The SPEAKER. Pending the main question,
it is not in order to make any sueh statement.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I take it all back, and call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided m the
nogative—yeas 43, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS— Me^i-,. Joseph Baiiy, Piddle, Jacob Ti. Blair,
(,'aheit, L'a^cy, Cobb, Coming, Co\, Ctaven«, Cti^fiehl,
Ciittendcn, Dunlap, En:rh-h, IVhor, Hall, fla'dimr, John-
son. Kemsan, Knapp. Lazcar, Lehman, Mallory, Menzies,
Moiris, Noble, No«'ll, Notton, Pendleton, Pen}', Pi ice,
Itiehaidson, Robinson, ^heifield, Sluel, John B. .Steele,
Vooihepi, Wadmvoi tb, Waid, Web^tei, Chilton A. Whito.
Wieklifl'e, Woodrtilt, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Meters. Aldtieh, Ashley,Babbitt, Baker, Raxter,
Ihvuv.m, llmgham. Pianois P. Ulan, Samuel rf. Ulan,
Blake, Bulfnitou, Campbell, Chambeihn. Clink, ClemenK,
Colfax, Ficderiok A. Conkhng, lloscoe Conkluig, Cutlei,
DavH, Delano, Dunn, Edireiton, Edwards, Lliot, Fe^son-
den, Franchoi, Fiank, Ginley, Hale, llanchett. Hamson,
Hickman, Hooper, llorton, Hutching, Kelloy, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, Lansmg, Loomis, Lovojoy, MeKnight, .Moorhead,
An.-ou P. Moiiiil, Justin H. Moiriil, Timothy G. Phulp^,
Ponierny, Potter, John H. Uiee. Kiddle, Edwaid H. Rollins,
JSaigent, Sedgwick, Shanks Shellabaiger, Sloan, Stevens,
Stiattoa, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tiowbudge, Van Valken-
buigh, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Whcelei, Albert
S. White, Wikon, Wmdom, and Worcester—08.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. B1DDLE stated thatMr.ANCONA had been
called home by illness in his family.
Mr. EDWARDS stated that Mr. Rice, of Mas-
sachusetts, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The resolution was then passed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint resolu"
tion (S. No. S4) expressive of the thanks of Con"
gress to Captain A. H. Foote, of the United States-
Navy rand to the officers and men under his com-
mand in the western fiotilla; when the Speaker
signed the same.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House*
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the bill of the House (No,
312) to provide internal revenue to support the-
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose on Friday they were engaged in the
consideration of the fourteenth section,, to which
amendments were still in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
the section, in line twenty-two, by striking out
the words " the assessors under the direction of,'y
so as to leave the form of the list to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue alone.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. I move to strike
out, m tho ninth line of the fifteenth section, the
words " during ten days," and to insert, in lieu
thereof, the words " within fifteen days;" s« that
the clause would read:
And that within fifteen days after the publication of the
notification, as aforesaid, appeals will be received, fitc.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. MORRILL,ofVcrmont. I movetoamend,
in line fourteen of the same section, by striking
out the words " duiing ten days after the date of
publication to be made," and to insert, in lieu
thereof, the words " at the time fixed for hearing
sueh appeals;" so tliat the clause will read:
And it bhail be the dutv of the assessor in each collec-
tion district, at the time fixed for heaung such appeals as
afoie^aid, to submit the pioeeeding* of" ihe a-^^iant as-
ses^oi, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I move to sti ike
out the whole of the eighteenth proviso, as fol-
lows:
Provided always, That it is the duty of said assessor to
advettNe and attend two successive days of the said ten
at or near the court-house of each county within his col-
lection district, there to receive and determine upon the
appeal* afoiesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move as
a verbal amendment to strike out the words " and,?
and "also,'7 in the twenty-sixth line; so as to
make it read simply "provided, "instead of "and
provided also."
The amendment was agreed to.
3IE8SAGTJ FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate by Mr. Forney, their
Secretary, informing the House that the Senate
have agreed to the report of the committee of con-
feience on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill of the House (No.
341) to authorize the purchase of coin, and for
other purposes.
Also that the Senate have passed an act (No. 226)
authorizing the opening of Sixth street west; in
which he was instructed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I move to amend
the fifteenth section further by striking out m line
thirty-one the word "collection," and inserting
the word " assessment." The clause would then
read:
Provided, That the question to be determined by th« as-
sessor, on an appeal respecting the valuation or onumeia-
tion of piopeitv, oi objects liable to duty ot taxation, shall
