8172
THE CONGEESSIO-NAL GLOBE.
July 8,
or produce of countries beyond tUe Cape of 1Good Hope,
when imported from places this side of the Cape of. Good
Hone, a duly or 10 per cent, ai valorem, and in addition to
the duties imposed on any such articles when imported di-
rectlyfrom the place or places of tlieir growth or production.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The commit-
tee propose, in lines three and four, to strike out
the words " all goods, wares, and merchandise of
the growth or produce of countries beyond the
Cape of Good Hope," and to insert the word
"tea."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee further propose, in line six, after the words
'« ad valorem," to strike out the word " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section fifteen, as follows:
Sec. 15. Jlftd be U further enacted, Tlmt upon nil ship6?,
vessels, or steamers, which alter December 31,J.862, shall
be entered at any custom-house m the United Mates from
any foreign port or place, or trom any pott or place m tho
United dtates, whether ships or vessels of tho United States,
or belonging wholly or in part to subjects of foreign 1 owers,
there shall be paidatax or tonnage dutyol 10 cents per ton
of the measurement of &aid vessel, in addition to any ton-
nage duty now imposed by law: Provided, '1 hat the said tax
ortonnaae duty shall not be collected moie than once m
each year on any ship, vessel, or steamer having a license
to trade betweon different districts ot the United fetates,oi
to carry on the bank, whale, or other fisheries, while em-
ployed therein, or. on any ship, vessel, or steamer to ornoin
any port or place in Mexico, the British provinces ot North
America, or any of the West India island*: Provided also,
That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed in any-
wise to impair any rights and privileges which have been or
may be acquired by any foreign nation mid or the laws and
treaties of the United Slates, relative to the duties on ton-
nage of vessels.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to add the following; as an additional
proviso to the section: >
Provided further, That so much of the act of August 18,
1856, entitled "An act to authorize protection to bo given
to citizens of tho United States who may discover deposits
of guano," tu prohibits tho export thereof, is hereby sus-
pended tor two yems from and after the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary rend section sixteen, as follows:
Beg. 16. Jbul beit further enacted, That from and alter the
passage of this act" the allowance for tare on aU chests,
boxes, eases, eaaka. bags, or other envelop or covering ot
aU articles Imported liable to pay any duty, whore the ori-
ijliuvl invoice Is produced at the timo of maklngwitry thereof,
and tlietate shall be specified therein, It shall be lawiul tor
ihe collector, If he shall see fit, and for the collector and
naval officer, if such officer there be, if they shall see fit,
With tho consent ot the consignees, to estimate tho said turc
according to such Invoice ; out in all other eases the ical
tare shall be allowed, and may be ascertained under such
regulations as the Secretary ot the Treasury may from tInit-
io tim« prescribe; but in no ea&e bh.ill thoie be any allow-
ance for draft.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho committee
propose, in tho second line of this section, after
iho word " net," to insert the words " in oatinm-
ting."
The amendment way agreed.to.
The Secretary read section seventeen, as fol-
lows:
Sac. 17. Jlnd he it further enacted, That liom and alter
the 1st day of November, 18(12, no goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, subject to ad valorem or specific duty, whether
belonging; to a p^r.-on or persons leslding in the United
Btates or otherwise, or whether acquired toy the ordinary
process ot baij?nhi and snle, or otherwise, ahull he admitted
to tinny, unless the invoice of such goods, wares, or mer-
chandise be verified by the oath ot tho owner or onuot the
owners, ot in tho absence ot the owner, one of tho paity
who is authorized by the ownei to make the shipment and
sign the invoice ot tho sumo, eei lifting that the invoice an-
nexed contains a true and taithful act ount, if subject to«<l
rulorvm duty and obtained by puuduw, of the actual eost
thereof, and of all char«cs thoieon. and that no discounts,
bounties, or drawbacks are contained in the said invoice
but such as have actually been allowed on the &amc ; and
when consigned or obtained in any nmunei othei than by
purchase the actual market value thereof, and if subject to
speeilk'duty, of the actual quantity theieof; which said
oath shall be admlrtKteied by the consul or commercial
ajrent of the United Stares In the district wheic the poods
are maiiutactuied, or from which they ate sent: Piovided,
That if then: be no eoit-ul or commercial agentof the Uni-
ted State- ui the said distuet. the vetilieation hereby te-
qmrcd shall be made by the consul ot commercial agent ot
the United States at the nearest point, or at the poit hoin
which th<* tfoods arc shipped, in which case the oath -shall
be adinim-tcied b> some public oftieer, duly atitiiouzed to
minuin-tn o.uhs and naiiMiuttcd with a copy ot the in-
voice t<  trie consul oi coiumeicial agent for hi* authenti-
cation ; and thw act shall bo consulted onlv to modify and
not icpeal the act of Mateli t, ld23. entitled '* An act sup-
plementary to and to amend an act entitled 'An aettoi«v«r-
ulate the collection of duties on imports and tonnage,*
passed Match i 799, and foi othct purposes," and iho
forms of the oaths therein set foiUi shall be modified ac-
cordingly. Ptovided further, That tho consul or commer-
cial agent, as aforesaid, shali be entitled to receive as fees
$1 for each and evety invoice verified, aV hereinbefore
mentioned, from the party so .submitting the ®"'®'and
shall account for all such fees in suchmanneras is now're
ouired bylaw regulating the salaries and fees of consuls
and commercial agents: Provided .That for all pi aw3 be-
yond the cape of Good Hope and Cape Ilom, this  ee;tion
shall nottake effect until April 1, 1863: Prowled, hoi
That nothing herein contained shall be construed to require
any other consular certificate than what is now required by
law for goods imported under the Canadian reciprocity
treaty. ■ .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
propose to strike out the whole of this section after
the enacting clause, and to insert the following in
lieu thereof:
That from and after the 1st day of November next, 186:-,
all invoices of goods, wares or merchandise, slnppcdatany
foreign port or country for any port in the b mted btates tor
importation into theUmted States, shall be deposited bythe
person or persona selling said goods, wares, or merchandise,
if the same have actually been sold, or by the manufacturer
or owner thereof, if the same have been procured otherwise
than by purchase, or by the duly authorized agent ot such
seller, manufacture! or owner, with the consul, vice consul,
or commercial agent of the United States nearest the place
of shipment, for the use of the United States, and the said
seller, manufacturer, or owner, or their duly authorized
a (5nt depositing such invoice, shall thereupon sign the said
invoice, and shall make and subscribe upon said invoice a
declaration settingtoi th that tho said invoice ism all things
true; that it contains a true and faithful account, if subject
to ad valorem duty and obtained by puichase, ot the actual
cost of the goods, wares, or meichandise mentioned theicm,
and of ail charges thereon, and that no discounts, bounties,
or drawbacks lire contained in the said invoice but such as
have actually been allowed on the same; and when con-
signed or obtained in any manner other than by purchase,
the actual market value thereof, and if subject to specific
duty, of tho actual quantity thereof; and that no other and
different invoice of the goods, wares, or merchandise men-
tioned in the invoice so produced and deposited has been
furnished to any one. If said goods, wares, or merchandise
have been actually purchased, said declaration shall also
contain a statement that the currency in which said invoice
is made out is tho currency which was actually paid for said
goods, waies, or merchandise by thefpurchaser. 'I here shall
also be delivered to the said consul, vice consul, or com-
mercial agent, a duplicate-of said invoice, upon which du-
plicate said consul, vice consul, or commercial agent, shall
certify, under his band and official seal, that the same is a
duplicate of an original invoice deposited by or in behalt ot
the person or personssigping the same, in his office, for the
use of the United States, with the date of the receipt of said
invoice by him, wlueh duplicate invoice, with said certifi-
cate thereon, shall he dohveied to the person or prison*
signing the bauie, or his or their duly authorized agent, to
be used in making an entry of the goods, wares, or merchan-
dise therein mentioned in the United States. And no goods,
wares, or merchandise impoi ted into the United States hom
any foreign place, or country after the 1st day of November,
1862, shall be admitted to an cntiy unless the invoice pre-
sented to the collector shall be signed by the seller of the
goods,wai es, or merchandise therein mentioned, it the same
have been puichased, 01 by the manufacturer or owner
thereof if the same have been piocured otbeiwi*e than by
purchase, and shall have thei con the certificate of the con-
sul, vice cotihiil, er commercial agent, beiembelore speci-
fied. And there shall be paid to the said consul, vice con
sill, or commercial agent, by the person or persons by or in
behalf of whom the &aid invoices mo presented and depo-
.tod, one dollar for each and evoiy invoice verified, which
shall be accounted for by the officers receiving the same, in
such manner as is now required by the laws regulating the
fees and r-alunns of con^uU and eommeicia! agents : Pro-
vided, That nothing beiem contained shaii bo construed to
reuutie any other consular certiheate than w now required
bv law foi goods impoited under the rccipioeity treaty with
Great llruaui, signed June 5, 1654: *8nd provided further.
That the piovtsions of this section tluill not apply to in-
voices ot goods, wares, and meichandu-c imported into the
United States from hoyond Cape Hoin and the. Capo of Good
Hope, until the 1st day of April, 1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee also propose to insert the following as a new
section, at this point:
Sbc. —. Jind Ic it farther enacted) That the invoices so
deposited with said consuls, vice consul*, ot eommeieial
agunt>, shall be tianMiiitted by them to the Secretary of the
Ticasury at sue!) time and in such manner as the said Sec-
retaty may hom tune to timeducet; and on the leceipt
theieof by him, they shall be deposited in the office of the
Solicitor of the Tiea&urv ; and the Solicitor of tho Tieas-
ury, in addition to the duties now imposed oil liim by law,
shall take chatge of said invoices, and shall cause the same
to be carefully filed undpioperindicesithereofpiepared,und
shall establish such lules and legulattons as he may deem
neeessaiy lor the safe-keepmj| theieof. And the said Soli-
citor shall take cognizance of all fiauds oi attempted fiauds.
upon the lovcnuc which may come to JiK knowledge. And
it shall be the duty of the collector at the seveiai ports, in
the United State*, as soon as piacticable after soizuics are
made by them, to repoit all seizures ofmeiehandisc to him,
with written statements of the facts upon which such &eiz-
tnesaic based, and he shall give the baid collectois Mich
advice and assistance m the. discovery and prevention of
frauds upon the revenue, and in the piosecutionof pexons
chaiged with the commission thereof, as the public inter-
est- may requiic. And. for the putpose of more effectually
c.uQ.-iiiout the pioviaions of this act, and of preventing
ar'd detecting frauds upon the revenue, committed by means
of muted or false invoices, undervaluations, or otherwise,
he is hcieby authorized to employ three clerks in addition
to tho>o now assigned to his office by law, and for such
time, and at such rate of compensation, as he may deem for
the interest of the United States, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury,.and the compensation al-
lowed to said clerks shall be paid in the same mannei as
other expenses of collecting the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section eighteen, as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the date aforesaid, It shall be the duty of consuls and com-
mercial agents of the United States, having any knowledge
or belief of any case or practice of any person or persons
who obtain or should obtain verification of invoices ^de-
scribed in the preceding section, whereby the revenue of the
United States is or may be defrauded, to report the facts to
the collector of the port where the revenue is or may be
defrauded, or to the Secretary of the Treasuiy of the United
States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
'tee propose no amendment to this section.
Tho Secretary read section nineteen, as follows:
sec. 19. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, the act entitled « An act to provide
tor the payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to author-
ize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties, on imports, and for
other purposes," approved March 2,) 861, he, and the same
i "heSramended as follows, that-is to say: first, in sec-
tion twelve, before the word " eighteen," whore it first^oc-
curs, strike out "less than;" second, in section twenty
fir^t, before the word " diamonds," strike out' copper ore
andthird, in section twenty-three, after the words ait-
ists residing abroad," strike out" piovided tho same be im-
ported in cood iaith as objects of taste and not of nierchan-
disc " and insert " provided the fact, as aforesaid, shall be
certified by the artist, or by a consul of the United States ;
and in the same section, before the word " orpiment, in-
sert "ores of gold, silver, and copper,3'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Commit-
tee on Finance propose to amend this section by
striking out, in lines nine and ten, the words, " in
section twenty-first, before the word ' diamonds,
strike out4 copper oie and;' third."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee also propose,in lines fifteen and sixteen, after
" United States," to strike out the words, " and
in the same section, before*the word i orpiment,
insert' ores of gold, silver, and copper/ "
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section twenty, as follows:
Sec. 20. Kind be it further enacted, That the MXth sec-
tion of an act entitled '• An act to extend the warehousing
&>>tcm by establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes," he, and the same is heieby, amended so
that the additional duty of 100 per cent, shall not apply to
the invoice or appraised value of the merchandise with-
drawn, but shall be so construed as to reqiuie foi tailing to
transpoit and deliver within the time limited a duty to be
levied and collected of double the amount which saidgood>,
wares, and merchandise would be liable upon the oiigmal
entry thereof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Noamendment
is proposed to this section. The next section will
he read.
The Secretary read section twenty-one, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted) That all goods, wares,
and meichandiJ-e, which may be in the public stores or
bonded warehouse on^thc day and yoar aforesaid, shall be
subjectto the same and no other duty upon the entry for con-
sumption thereof than if the same were imported lespeet-
iveiy after that day: Provided, That all good* which now
are or may bo deposited in public store or bonded warehouse
after this act takes effect and goes, into operation, must- be
withdrawn therefrom,or the duties thereon paid within one
yuai after the same are deposited, but may be withdrawn
by the owner for exportation to loreign countnes, or may
be transhipped to any port of the Pacific or western coast
of the United States at any time before the e.\puatiou of
three years after the same are deposited ; ^uch good-! on ar-
iival at a Pacific or we.-tem poit, as aforesaid, to be subject
to the same rules and regulations as if originally imported
there ; any goods remaining in public store or bonded ware-
house three"years shall be regaided a-- abandoned to the Gov-
ernment, and sold under such regulations as the Seeretaiy
ot the Tieasuiv may prescnbe, and the proceeds paid into
the Tieasr-my : Provided father, That merchandise upon
which duties have been paid may remain m warehouse in
custody of the officers ol the customs at the expense and
usk of the owneis of said merchandise, and if cxpoited di-
rectly from said custody to a foreign country wit Inn thiee
year>, shall be entitled to letum duties, proper evidence of
such merchandise having been landed abroad to be tui-
nif-hed to the collector by the importer, 1 per cent of said
duties to be ictained by the Government: Jlnd provided
jwither, That, thethnd or last pioviso to tUe filth section
of an act entitled "Ail act to piovide mcteased revenue
liom impoits, to pay interest on the public debt, and tor
othei purposes." approved the 6th day of August, 1S61, be,
and the same is heieby, lepealed; and no return of the du-
ties shall be allowed on the export oi any merchandise alter
it has been removed from the custody and control of the
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer an amendment to this
section, and as I am called out upoh a committee
of conference, I trust the Senate will act upon it
now. The amendment is to strike out, after the
enacting clause of the section, down to the pro-
