1861
THE
GLOBS.
3173
viso in line six, and in lieux>f the words stricken
out to insert:
That all the goods, wares, and merchandise which may
be in bonded warehouse on the 1st day of August next may
be withdrawn within the time now fixed by law, upon
the payment of the present duties; and ail goods, wares,
and merchandise on shipboard or in the public stores on
the 1st day of August next, or which shall remain in bonded
warehouse after the expiration of the time fixed by the
bond, sliali be subject to the duties prescribed by this act.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand from the
Senator from Ohio that if the goods are on ship-
board before the 1st of August these duties are not
applicable ?
Mr. SHERMAN. By the terms of the bill as
sent to us from the House of Representatives, all
goods, whether in warehouse or public stores or
on shipboard, are subject to the new duties. It
was believed tjiatas to those goods that were now
under bond it would not be right or fair to change
the duty, and therefore it is proposed to provide
that they shall be entitled to all the advantages
which their bonds secure them; but as to the goods
on shipboard or in public stores, the new duties
will apply. We do not change the House bill in
that respect. All that are on shipboard or in
public stores on the 1st of August are to pay the
new duties; they are different from those in ware-
house.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. In relation to all that are in
bond, in all cases in which bonds have been given
for the payment of duties, the duties now in force
will be collected, and no more.
Mr. SUMNER. No matter how long since
they were placed on shipboard?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose to amend the section by adding, after
the word " Government," at the end of the second
proviso, the following:
Jind provided further, That all drugs, medicines, and
chemical preparations, entered for exportation and depos-
ited in warehouse or public stoie, may be exported by the
owner or owners thereof in the original packages, or other-
wise, subject to such regulations as shall be "prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee also propose to amend this section by adding
at the end of it:
But nothing herein contained shall be held to apply to or
repeal section thirty of the act entitled An act to provide
ior the payment of outstanding Treasuiy notes, to authorize
a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other puiposes," approved March 2,1861.
Mr- FESSENDEN. I move an Amendment to
that amendment by adding the following words:
Or section four of an act entitled " An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved August 5,1861.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to know what this means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is merely to prevent
the doing away of certain drawbacks now allowed.
It is supposed the bill may affect those drawbacks
which we wish to remain. Section thirty of the
act of March 2, 1861, was a drawback on manu-
factures of hemp.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose at this point to insert as a new section:
And bc.itfurther enacted, That the privilege of purchas-
ing supplies from the public warehouses duty free, be ex-
tended to the vessels of war of any nation lij ports of the
United States, which may reciptocate such pnvilege to-
wards the vessels of war of the United Stales in us ports.
The amendment was agr%ed to.
The Secretary read section twenty-two, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 32. Jlndleit further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the
same aie heieby, repealed: Provided, That the existing
laws shall extend to, and be in force for, the collection of
the duties! imposed this act, forthe prosecution and pun-
ishment of all offenses, and foi iherecoveiv, collection, dis-
tribution, and remission of all fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, as fully and effectually as if eveiy regulation, penalty,
forfeiture, provision, clause, matter, and thing to that ef-
fect, in the existing laws contained, had been inserted m
and leenacted by this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee propose no amendment to this section. The
committee propose here to add a new section,
which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Skc. —. Jind he it further enacted, That the ninety-third
section of the act entitled <( An act to provide internal rev-
enue. to support- the .Government and pay interest on the
public debt," approved July 1,1862, be so amended thatno
instrument, documentor paper made, signed, or issued prior
to the 1st day of January, J 863, without Being duly stamped,
or having thereon an-adfiesive stamp to denote the duty im-
posed thereon, shall for that cause be deemed invalid and
of no effect: Provided, however, Thatno such instrument?
document, or paper shall be admitted or used as evidence in
any court until the same shall have been duly stamped, nor
untiT the holder thereof shall have proved to the satisfaction
of the court that l)e has paid to the collector or deputy col-
lector of the district within which such court may be held
the sum of $5 for the use of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The committee
also propose to insert an additional section.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. And be itfarther enacted, That no part of the act
aforesaid, in relation to stamp duties, shall be held to take
effect before the 1st day of September, 1862. And all of said ,
act, except so much thereof as relates to the appointment
of a Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall beheld to
take effect on the 21st day of July, 1862, instead of from and
after its approval by the President.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the committee are now disposed
of, and the bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ments: on page 5, line eleven of section three,
strike out "one quarter"and insert "five eighths;"
in line twelve strike out "one half" and insert
"seven eighths of;" in line thirteen strike out
"four" and insert " two;" in line fourteen strike
out " one half" and insert "seven eighths of;"
in the same line strike out "four" and insert
" two;" so that the clause will read:
On bar iron, rolled'or hammered, comprising flats not less
than one inch or more than seven inches wide, nor less
than five eighths of au inch or more than two inches thick;
rounds not less than seven eighths of an inch nor more than
two inches in diameter; and squares not less than seven
eighths of an inch nor more than two inches square, not
exceeding in value the sum of $50 per ton, $1 50 per ton;
exceeding in value the sum of $50 per ton, $3 per ton.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. In line nineteen, I move to
strike out "one quarter" and insert "five eighths;"
in line twenty, to strike out " one half" and in-
sert " seven eighths of;" in line twenty-one to
strike out "four" and insert " two;" in the same
line to strike out " one half " and insert "seven
eighths of;" in line twenty-two to strike out
" four" and insert " two;" so that the clause will
read:
On bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising fiats less
than five eighths of an inch thick or more than seven inches
wide, rounds less than ^even eighths of an inch or more than
two inches in diameter, and squares less than seven eighths
of an inch or more than two inches squaie, $5 perton.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. On the same page, in line twen-
ty-eight, I wish to insert after the word " boiler"
the words " and other;" so as to read, " on boiler
and other plate iron, $5 per ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I am also instructed by the
committee to offer the following amendment: at
the foot, of page 24, in line eighty-four of section
eight, strike out the words " §1 per cubic foot,"
and insert " and on;" so as to read:
On marble, white statuary, in block, lough, «qwuod, or
sawed, and on veined marble, and marble of all other de-
scriptions, not otherwise provided for, in block, rough,
squared, or sawed, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two prop-
ositions on which the Senate has voted in com-
mittee, that I should like to have a vote on in the
Senate, but I presume this is not the time to allude
to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They can b6
excepted when the bill shall be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to except them at the
proper time, but I wish to ask a moment's atten-
tion to the proposed tax on books,' periodicals,
&c., in the eighth section on the 22d page. It is
proposed to raise this tax from 15 per cent, to 20
per cent. If that is done with a view to increase
the revenue, I have one word to say. If we can
place any reliance on the evidence before us, it will
not increase the revenue. The amount of books
imported each year during the last four years, con-
clusively shows that 10 per cent, on foreign books
will yield more revenue than any higher rate of
duty. No tax has been placed on the manufac-
ture of books in this country, and therefore there
can be no reason for increasing the duty on books
in our tariff bill. The effect of the increase of the
duty on books in our last tariff bill has been dis-
astrous to the book trade. Several booksellers,
I am informed, who have been large importers of
books, are now withdrawing from the business,
because the present rate of duty, 15 percent., ren-
ders it unprofitable.
Then, again, sir, there are no interests requiring
protection which demand a "high rate of duty on
books, as is proved by the memorial to tbe Senate
of the publishers as well as importers of books,
which was presented last year, praying that the
duty on books may be made 10 percent., and dur-
ing the last few days I am told tnata memorial has
been presented to the Finance Committee by the
importers of books in New York, praying that the
proposed increase of 5 per cent, on books maybe
struck out of the tariff bill, and that the duty in
future may be made 10 per cent., as their business
has seriously suffered since the duty was made 15
percent, ✓
I need not add that this proposed duty is a tax
on knowledge, and as such it is to be opposed; but
I wish to rest my argument precisely on the ground
that it will not add to the revenue of the country.
If it would at this moment add to the revenue of
the country, much as I should regret the necessity
of such a duty, I should not oppose it; but I can
show that such will not be the result by the fol-
lowing statistics: the total of books imported in
1858, under the duty at 10 per cent., amounted to
$530,000 in value—I do not give the odd figures.
The total amount of books imported in 1859, with
the duty at 8 per cent., went up to $'777,000. The
total of books imported in 1860, under the duty
at 8 per cent., was §734,000. The total of books
imported in 1861, with the duty at 15 per cent.,
went down as low as §346,000.
It will be seen from these statistics that a high
duty on books has always retarded importations
and reduced the revenue derived from them. It
seems, therefore, to be clear that any addition to
the duty is open to the twofold objection of de-
priving the importer of his business, while it di-
minishes the revenue. If the duty on books was
10 per cent., the revenue derived from them would
show an increase, and the importers would be
greatly relieved.
Now, sir, the case seems to me to be perfectly
clear. By imposing this increased duty you do
not add to the revenue, while you interfere with
an important business and impose a tax on knowl-
edge. I do not know a case in which a stronger
argument can be made. I hope that the tax will
be reduced; and I move, in line twenty-seven of
the eighth section, on the 22d page, to strike out
the word " twenty" and insert " fifteen." I pre-
fer " tenindeed, I will try it on ten. I move to
strike out " twenty*' and insert " ten."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say in refer-
ence to that matter that the duty is now 15 per
cent, by the tariff as it exists. The Senator pro-
poses to reduce it. We put a very slight addi-
tional tax on books.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will bear in
mind that my argument was that we do not add
to our revenue by raising that duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a very good rea-
son for that. Last year was a time when we had
not many importations of any kind.
Mr. SUMNER. But all the statistics seem to
go to one point, that 10 per cent, is the highest
duty that books will bear and pay a good revenue
to the country. If you go above that, your rev-
enue diminishes. The facts that I have adduced
already prove that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on striking out "twenty" and inserting "ten."
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will put it
at 15 per cent. I shall not object, and then we can
consider it in a committee of conference, though
I think myself the duty ought to be 20 per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then; 1 will put it
at fifteen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved to
strike out " twenty," and insert " fifteen."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I consent to that, simply
for the reason that I want to get through with this
bill without having the trouble of having the yeas
and nays called. Ifgentlemen will he content with
an expression of the opinion of the Senators pres-
