1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
l)e, whether the valuation complained of be or be not in a
ju.st relation or proportion to other valuations in the same
assessment distnet, or whether the enumeration be or be
*iot correct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I was going to call
the attention of the committee to that very thing.
I observe that the nomenclature which has been
•adopted for the biii calis the general districts col-
lection districts, and the smaller subdivisions as-
sessment districts. Now, if the plan should be
adopted of making a whole State a collection dis-
trict, it will be neccssary to change the word " col-
kction" to assessment," or else it will be ut-
terly impossible to comply with the requirements
of the firstsection. The first clause of the bill now
veads:
That immediately after the annual valuations and enu-
merations shall have been completed, as afore-aul, the as-
sessor in each collection d^tnet shall, by sulveit^ement in
tome public newspapei, if any there t>e in sucli distnct, 01
by wntten notifications, to be publicly posted up ;it loiist in
lour of the most public places in each collection district,
•adveitise all persons concerned of the place where the said
ii&ts, valuations, and enumerations may be examined.
Now, I propose to strike out the word " collec-
tion" and insert" assessment" in this clause, and
I desire to make the same motion where the word
" collection" occurs in the same connection in the
section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Indiana states correctly 111 respect to the
nomenclature used in the bill m relation to collec-
tion and assessment districts. I think, however,
it may be well enough to have the words which
the gentleman proposes to change as they are.
The collection district is made to correspond with
the jurisdiction of the collector, and of course the
valuations which arc required to be advertised will
•extend to that limit.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The thing I object
lo is this? m many of the western States a collec-
tion district will cover half a dozen counties if they
are made to correspond to the congressional dis-
tricts-, but if they arc made to extend over a whole
-State, as I renuuked, it will be utterly impossible
to execute thus provision for the equalization of
taxation. It cannot be done. This thing ought
to be done by assessment districts, so that as fast
the valuation is made in an assessment district
the equalization may be also made.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think the amendment of
the gentlemnn from Indiana will do no harm, and
that it may remove some difficulty. I think it
had better be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to strikeout, in the
vhirty-first line, the word " or," and to insert, in
4ieu thereof, the word " and;" and in the same
ime, after the word "not," to insert the words
in all other respects;'' so that the clause would
read:
Proiitfed, That the question to be determined by the as-
sessor, on an appoal ii'^peeting the valuation or enumera-
tion of propeitv, or othei object-* liable to duty or taxation,
fehail be whethei the valuation complained of be or be not
in a ju&t relation or piopoitum to othci valuations in tii'-
same assessment district, and whether the enumeration be
-or be not, m all otlict respects, coirect.
You will perceive that by the proviso as it now
stands the assessor is to determine, on appeal,
whether the valuation be or be not in a just rela-
tion or proportion to other valuations in the same
collection district, or whether the enumeration be
or be not correct. Now, it seems to me that he
•ought to be required not only to determine the ap-
peal as to whether the valuation is in just the same
proportion to other valuations in the same district,
but also to determine whether m all other respects
the valuation is correct.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to suggest that all he desires will be
gained by just changing the word " or" into
"and?" The scction, as it will then stand, will
accomplish his pui pose as well without as with
the other portion of his amendment.
Mi. HARRISON. I will then modify my
amendment to conform with the suggestion from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. ^
Befoie I sit down, however, I wish to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania or the gentleman
from Vermont, whether this section, as modified
on the motion of the gentleman from Vermont
by striking out the first proviso, will require, or
whether there is any other section of the bill which
will require, the assessor to visit the county seat of
each county in his district to hear and determine
questions of appeal? As I understand the effectof
the amendment which has been adopted striking
out the first proviso of the section, we have vested
in the assessors of each district the discretion of
determining whether they will have a single place
within the district at which to hear and determine
appeals, or whether they will visit the various
counties for that purpose. If that result has been
accomplished, I think some other provision ought
to bo inserted requiring the assessors to hear and
determine appeals, certainly in each county, oth-
erwise I am very sure the bill will operate preju-
dicially to the citizens of those counties at a con-
siderable distance from the central point of the
district, or from such point as the assessor for his
convenience may selectfor this purpose. It seems
to me that such amendment ought to be moved,
unless the object is accomplished by some other
clause of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
is correct in his statement that this fifteenth sec-
tion, as now amended, will not require the assess-
ors to advertise in or visiteach county for the pur-
pose of hearing appeals, unless they"choose so to
do; but it will also be observed that the assessors
are allowed mileage under this bill; and they will
no doubt have no hesitation in visiting the county
seat of eveiy remote county for this purpose. I
do not myself see the necessity of adopting any
such requirement as the gentleman suggests.
The amendment offered by Mr. Harrison was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the fifteenth
section, fourth line, by striking out the word
"some" and inserting in lieu thereof the word
"two." I move further to make the word "news-
paper" read "newspapers," and after the word
" newspapers" to insert, " one German, one Eng-
lish, in all counties in which by law judicial sales
are required to be advertised in such newspapers. "
The clause will then read:
That immediately after the annual valuations and enumer-
ations shall have been completed as atoicsaid, the a-^e-sor
in c.ich a^es&ment distuct shall, by atheili'-einciit in two
public newspaper, one Gentian and one English, in all
counties in which by law judicial sales aie required to be
advertised in such newspaper1-, if any theie be, Sec.
If this amendment be adopted, I shall follow it
up by changing the subsequent portion of the sec-
tion, to make u eonespond.
In Pennsylvania, where we have a mixed popu-
lation, German and English, in some portion of
which the German predominates, and in others
the English, wherever such a mixed population
exists, the law requires that all judicial sales, sher-
iffs' sales, and sales of the orphans' court, be ad-
vertised in one German and one English news-
paper. In some of the counties it is left in the
discretion of the court, by law, whether to have
such sales so advertised or not. And the couits
make a general lule upon the .subject which is as
much the law as if it was an act of Assembly.
My amendment is to require all these assessors'
advertisements for each county to be advertised
in one English and one German newspaper, and
in order that the discretion left the assessor may
be guided as to whether he is to advertise or not,
I provide that he shall be governed by the law as
it exists in the several counties in regard to judi-
cial sales, considering that the courts of justice
can best determine what will be necessary.
Now, in a county where it is necessary for ju-
dicial sales to be advertised in one German and one
English newspaper, where the Legislature have
thought it necessary, or the courts have thought
it necessary, to pass a law that such sales shall be
so advertised, I consider it to be a safe rule to gov-
ern the assessors in determining when and how
they shall advertise those valuations, &c. What
good does it do to advertise m a section where
the German element largely preponderates in an
English newspaper published, perhaps, out of the
i| county, and no copy of which is very likely taken
i by a single person in that county? The local
newspapers are read in the counties most gener-
ally, and, therefore, if it is necessary to advertise
or give notice at all of these valuations, I think it
important and necessary that the notice shall be
given where it can be read by the parties affected
by the assessment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course it is,
and the purpose of the assessor will be to accom-
phsh that object. The Committee of Ways and
Means have desired to reduce the expenses of the
collection of this revenue as fat as possible, and
the only doubt in their minds in relation to this
provision was whether or not to strike out the
whole clause in relation to advertising in a Jump.
This is an annual advertising, it will be under-
stood, occurring always on the first Monday in
May, and it would, therefore, seem that every-
body would understand, after the first year at,
least, that then was the authorized time to bring
in their lists. I see no necessity of multiplying
the number of papers in which the notice is 'to be
published. Of course, the papers having the
largest circulation will be selected-, and if the Ger-
man element in any county predominates, it wilt
be the duty of the assessor to advertise in a paper
published in the German language.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask whether there is any provision in the
bill requiring the assessor to advertise in the paper
having the largest circulation?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask whether it is not a fact that in large coun-
ties in which there is no newspaper published
under this provision the notice will not lie adver-
tised at all ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is no
newspaper, of course it will not be advertised.
The notice will be posted in writing in public
places.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to amend, in line five,
by inserting after the word " or" the words, " if
there be no newspaper printed therein." The
clause will then read:
That immediately after tile annual valuations and ena-
merations shall have been completed as aforesaid, the as-
scssin in eaeli assessment district sliaUiiv advertisement la
some public ncw^papoi, it"any there be in such district, or
lftheie lie no public newspaper therein, by written notifi-
cations, to be publicly posted up at least in four of the most
public places m eacli assessment district.
As the section now reads, it is left with the
assessor to publish the notice in a newspaper or
post up a written notification in at least four of
the most public places. It seems to me that it
should not be left discretionary with the collector
or assessor whether he should publish in a news-
paper or post in writing. Where there is a news-
paper published in a county, it seems to me he
should be compelled to advertise in it. If there is
no newspaper published there, of course he must
give the notice by other means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
will accomplish his purpose equally well by strik-
ing out the word " or," in the fifth line, and in-
serting the word "and."
Mr. MORRIS. 1 will so modify my amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was very much pleased
to hear from the Committee of Ways and Means
that they would not be opposed to striking out
the whole provision of the bill requiring this as-
sessment to be advertised in the newspapers. I
am perfectly satisfied that you might just as well
put the notice into the Bible in a church for gen-
eral information as to advertise it m the newspa-
pers. And I rise for the purpose of suggesting to
the better experience and judgment of the gentle-
man from Vermont whether it would not be better
to strike out this provision which requires the
advertisement of the assessment in the newspa-
pers, and to insert a provision requiring it to be
posted in the form of a placard upon the court-
house door in each county, where people will go
to examine it who never read a newspaper per-
haps once a year. I will not make the motion;
I merely make the suggestion for the gentleman s
reflection. ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that there is no amendment before the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to propose
an amendment; but I hope I shall be permitted to
say a word in reference to the statement just
made by my colleague.
There was no objection.
Mr. MALLORY. I was about to remark that
I preferred the mode of advertising in the news-
papers. And I will state, as my opinion in refer-
ence to the suggestion of my colleague, that in
my district there are fifty men who would read
the advertisement in the newspapers to where one
would ever go to see the placard on the court-'
