232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
■which we appropriate, and it is always in order
on an appropriation bill to direct how the money
shall be expended.  
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the im-
pression that the point of order is not well taken.
Mr. COX. I desire to say a few words in
favor of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. Then I call attention to what I said
yesterday.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion made
by Mr. Hutchins yesterday to strike out the en-
tire clause.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I do not know that it will be in order, but
I think the House will agree to it by common con-
sent. It is to add the following proviso to the
clause:
Provided further, That not more than $4,000 of the ap-
propriation shall be applied to the purposes ot the propa-
gating garden.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make that motion,
and I call for tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Worcester
and Richardson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to insert after the word
"seeds," in line one hundred and seventy-five,
the words "of new and useful varieties, and for
the introduction and protection of insectivorous
birds." I offer that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order, but
if there is no objection the gentleman can proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the uses that have been made of
these appropriations, and that, most likely, will
be made of the appropriation which we arc now
about voting. I ask to have introduced the words
" newand useful varieties" for this reason: I have
good reason to believe that at this time profes-
sional seed-growers in the United States are en-
gaged in raising, curing, and pa( king seeds to be
distributed—not foreign seeds, but seeds of our
own growth; and I am cognizant of one instance
in winch a great wrong has been done. There
was a certain seed originated in this country,
known as the German stripe-leaved turnip-seed.
It originated in my immediate neighborhood, and
from its excellent qualities commended itself to
the entire country, and soon became a favorite
with th« growers of other countries. But it seems
that some wise consul or agent abroad, seeing how
good a thing tins was, bought the seed in immense
quantities, and sent it to this country, whore it
was and is distributed through the Patent OiHce,
to the injury of the originator, who is thus de-
prived, in a measure, of the profits of his own
discovery.
I would insert the words " new and useful va-
rieties" so as to remedy evils of this kind. If I
am not misinformed, a professional seed-grower
in Philadelphia is now engaged by the agricul-
tural department in proem ing foreign seeds for
distribution. Many of these seeds, much of the
"turnip," "improved spinach," and "various
headed" cabbages may be entirely innocent of a
sea voyage. They have one advantage, perhaps,
over foreign-grown seeds; they will germinate,
which is more than can be said for many of those
that come from abroad.
There is one other point to which I wish to call
attention. It is a matter which may, at first, ex-
cite a smile: I mean the idea of introducing insect-
eating birds. We introduce seeds, cuttings, and
new plants; we ransack the earth to stock our
iields and gardens. That is ail right. Butwhilc
we introduce seeds of the plants, we at the .same
time introduce with them the seeds or eggs of de-
structive insects, insccts which the native bird
will not touch. Tho weevil, Hessian fly, cut-
worm, curculio, dcc.j ate all here, and we have
not introduced the bird, the natural destroyer,
with them. On the avenue and in the parks "you
will find the eveigrecn trees which were planted by
the Government being destroyed by the bag-worm.
This pest is spreading itself so fast over the coun-
try as to threaten the destruction of many valuable
varieties of frees. We have no bird that can tear
or penetrate the tough cocoon or covering in which
it lives, and it preys with impunity on the beau-
tiful evergreens and maples, &c. There must be
a bird in the native country of this worm which
feeds upon and destroys it. Let us find this bird
and naturalize it. It is the same with the linden-
worm or measuring-worm, and with many other
varieties which are destroying, not only newly
introduced plants, but also those of native growth.
The linden-worm is sweeping destructively over
the lindens, maples, and other like trees of the
country, and although it bears close resemblance
to a native worm, our birds reject it, and I be-
lieve we have not in the country one species of
birds that will feed upon it, at least I have never
seen it incommoded by them. The wasp and
hornet will do so, but no bird that I am acquainted
with.
Now, I would ask for the introduction of in-
sectivorous birds to destroy the insects which are
introduced with foreign seeds. If these birds be
introduced farmers will soon recognize their great
usefulness, and will unite with the Government in
the necessary mode of protecting them, and they
will also plant shrubs and bushes and flowers
around their homes, not alone to beautify their
habitations, but to attract these birds as their best
protection against the evil influences of the insects
we have introduced. I hope, therefore, that my
amendment will prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis 's amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In order to per-
fect this clause before the pending motion is put,
I move to reduce the appropriation from $60,000
to $40,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add, as an additional proviso:
Jini provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior,
undei the advice of the Secretary of War, provide some
means foi the extenmnauon ot the army worm.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WICItLEFFE. I move to amend, in the
one hundred and eighty-second and following
lines, by striking out the clause:
I'or expenses or receiving, arrangins, and taking care of
copyright books, charts, and other copyright mattei, §1,600.
This is a small item, but I do not understand
it, and perhaps the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means will be able to satisfy me
about it.
Mr. STEVENS. There is a law authorizing
all these things.
Mr. WICKLJFFE. The law requires that
copies of copyrighted books be deposited in the
district courts of the United States, but I do not
i see that Congress has anything to do with them.
| However, I make no objection. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the following clause:
Foi preservation of the collections of the exploring and
Mnvewng expeditions of the Government, $4,000.
I understand this to be an appropriation for the
Smithsonian Institution—nothing more and noth-
ing less. It is an appropriation of #4,000 for the
purpose of assisting in keeping up the museum con-
nected with that establishment. I find in the last
report of the secretary of the Smithsonian Insti-
i tution a clause which I will ask to have read in
order to indicate how this money is applied.
The extract was read by the Clerk. It states
| that the annual appropriation of $4,U00 made by
i Congress for keeping the collections of the ex-
| ploring and surveying expeditions of the United
; States has been expended, under the direction of
| the Secretary of the Interior, in assisting to pay
I the extra expenses of assistants and the cost of
; arranging and preserving the specimens. This
I has served to diminish the cost to the Smithso-
| man fund for the maintenance and exhibition of
I the museum, but is by no means sufficient to de-
| fray all the expenses of that object.
: Mr. HOLMAN. I submit {he amendment to
i strike out the clause; and I desire to say, in addi-
. tion to the explanation contained in the extract
I jut>t read, that according to the lastreportmade by
I the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution there
seems to be on hand, of the appropriations for the
last few years, the sum of $55,148 09. This
amount of money is under the control of that in-
stitution—$30,910 14 being annually paid out of
the Treasury of the United States for its main-
tenance. It is very true that this is interest on
money which the Government assumed to pay-
money which seems to have been loaned out many
years ago, and lost. Still it is a direct charge on
the Treasury.
Now it seems to me that one of the most desira-
ble features in connection with the Smithsonian
Institution, and that which gives to itany degree of
popularity, is the museum for the preservation of
which this appropriation is designed to be made;
and it seems to me that, with so large a fund as
that institution now has in its hands, and inas-
much as its object is the diffusion of knowledge
among mankind, and as the museum is as effectual
in accomplishing that purpose as any other, this
$4,000 can very well be paid for such an object
out of the annual appropriation. I therefore make
the motion that this entire section be stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I dislike to op-
pose the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
because I believe he is sincerely desirous of saving
money to the Government. But in relation to this
particular item I think he labors under a slight
mistake. Now it is true that all our naval officers
are instructed, or at least are in the habit of con-
tributing every year to a very great extent speci-
mens of natural history which are deposited in the
Smithsonian Institution. This institution also
receives a large collection of specimens in natural
history from the various surveying and exploring
expeditions. So large has been the receipts by this
institution of these specimens that they have sup-
plied many of the scientific associations in the
country. This appropriation therefore is not for
the benefit of the Smithsonian Institution particu-
larly, but to enable them to take care of and dis-
tribute these contributions that are now deposited
there, and which they would be very glad to be
relieved from the care of. It is but a small item,
and, so far as 1 know, the only one we make for
the benefit of science. I hope it will not be stricken
out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman whether
a very lars;e amount of the interest annually paid
upon the Smithsonian fund is not absorbed in sala-
ries? I understand that $6,500 is paid annually
in the shape of salaries to the secretary and his
assistants. It is true that the amount does not
come out of the Government directly, but it comes
out of the money to sustain that institution, of
which some thirty thousand dollars is appropri-
ated by the Government annually.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I answer the
gentleman that the expenditure of the Smithsonian
Institution fund is under the control and direction
of the regents of that institution, and I suppose
they are responsible for the manner in which those
funds are expended. So far as I know, their man-
agement does not fully meet my approbation, and
if we have the power, I should certainly be will-
ing to ask for a reform in the management of that
institution. But this is an entirely separate and
distinct matter.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to reduce the appro-
priation $1,000. I make this motion merely for
the purpose of saying that I hope the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who is one of the regents
of the Smithsonian Institution, will take care of
my colleague [Mr. Holman] in this matter, and
that he will defend the institution from the attacks
upon it from that side of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask my colleague
whether, in the expenditure of the $30,000 annu-
i ally appropriated to supply the funds of this in-
! stitution, there is any feature more entirely popu-
; larin its character or better calculated to carry out
| the purposes for which theoriginalgrantwas made
than the preservation and enlargement of the mu-
seum of the institution ?
Mr. COLFAX. I say to my colleague that I
concur with him in the remaikshe has made; but
! as I am not yet sworn in as one of the regents, I
must refer him for more particular information to
the gentleman from Ohio. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. One word, sir. My friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who has been placed
under my charge by the gentleman from Indiana
over the way, [Mr. Colfax,] has made an attack
upon this appropriation, and based his attack
upon the expenditure of the Smithsonian fund.
He finds fault with the action of the regents. In
other words, he finds fault because they have
