1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3175
do not know but that he is right about it; I can-
not say that he is not; but the matter was not well
understood,and I can say that since this provision
was so put in by the other House-the appeals to
our committee, both by letter and verbally, from
a great piany quarters, have been very strong to
retain this duty, which is now very trifling. Tney
say they do not see any reason why the rag col-
lectors in our country should not be protected to
a certain degree as well as anybody else. As to
exempting, according to the notions of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, all foreign importations
of books, and of everything which goes into the
manufacture of books, simply because they are
books or go to make books, it does not strike me
as very sensible. I see no reason why they should
not pay a duty as well as other things, xhe con-
clusion which the Committee on Finance came to
was, that as the matter was not well understood,
they would strike out this clause, not with a view
to make that action final, but if there was a mis-
take about it, as there was supposed to be, to leave
it to a committee of conference to settle the ques-
tion, when it can be settled understandingly. If
we now retain the clause, that action is final, and
we cannot hereafter change it or amend it, or hear
the reasons on the other side. I believe the argu-
ment in the other House was, that it was a small
matter of rags, and it was not worth while to tax
them; but I do know that the protests against this
proviso on the part of a great many men, and par-
ticularly from one of the constituents of the Sen-
ator, are very strong and very general. I do not
know that he is not right; I do not know that the
clause ought to be stricken out; I will not under-
take to give an opinion on that point, for I am not
sufficiently posted up in the matter; but I suggest
that we had better strike out the clause, and have
the whole matter understood properly and inves-
tigated before a committee of conference. I hope
the amendment will be retained, and the clause
stricken out.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope certainly that this clause
will not be stricken out. So far as the literary
and scientific part of the argument is concerned,
I leave that to the Senator from Massachusetts;
but so far as the question of protecting home labor
is concerned, my constituents have as great an
interest as his. In the town in which I live, one
single mill manufactures over seven tons of rags
per day, and a tax of 23 per cent., which will be
laid on this operation and on the paper, is one
which we cannot bear; it will destroy the busi-
ness.
As it regards the protection of rags at home, the
home interest is so very trifling that it is hardly
worth taking into account. The great bulk of the
paper that is manufactured in the country is man-
ufactured from foreign rags that are imported.
Tliey are a raw material in the strictest sense,
and they go into manufacture here under Ameri-
can hands, being made into valuable products by
American labor. They ought not to pay a duty
unless to relieve exigencies which can bp relieved
in no other way; but instead of that, it will be lay-
ing an additional burden on the labor of the coun-
try which is now really taxed, I fear, more than
it can bear. I hope the clause will not be stricken
out.
Mr. KING. I have received several letters on
this subject from persons concerned in this busi-
ness who desire the present duty imposed by the
previous laws to remain, and whose interests will
be promoted by striking out these words. They
say that this proposition—I do not know where
it came from—was moved by a gentleman who is
interested in the importation of rags, and there-
fore it is a simple proposition to promote indi-
vidual interests.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He says not.
Mr. KING. I only state what letters to me
say. I do not know where the proposition came
from. Those persons say that a very large quan-
tity of rags is collected in our country. They are
of little value by the pound; but if foreign rags
can come into the country free of duty, the greater
economy practiced in the older countries is such
that it is probable it would prevent the gathering
and the saving of rags in this country altogether,
and what we save from that is pretty much all
clear gain. Those concerned in the manufacture
of paper from straw and various other substances,
also have their advantage in this, that the duty is
slight and certain, and the taxation which we im-
pose had better be borne equally. I would not
ask for an increase of this duty, but I have sev-
eral letters protesting very strongly against the
repeal of the present duty on rags, and insisting
that those who use them shall' pay the duties im-
posed by previous laws as an equal distribution
of the burdens, and I hope, therefore, that the
amendment of the committee will be concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on concurringin the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and declared" that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. KING. I call for a division.
The question being put, on a division there were
fourteen in the affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Less, than a
majority of a quorum vote in the affirmative. Is
a further count demanded ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir; I persist in the division,
because I am unwilling that this amendment should
be stricken out.
The question being put, there were five in the
negative.
Mr. KING. Now, if the other side will give
it up, I am content. The preponderance is largely
on our side.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The business
of the Senate is arrested for the want of a quorum.
Mr. FOSTER. It is given up, Mr. President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not advised of it by the mover. Does the Senator
from New York withdraw the call?
Mr. KING. I do not, unless it is conceded
that the amendment of the committee stands. We
had nearly three to one of all who are present in
the Senate. I am content that it should stand, and
a subsequent vote may be taken if gentlemen choose
to renew it by and by; but I cannot give up the
amendment with the sense of the Senate so strongly
in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Leave it to the commit-
tee of conference. We will consider it there.
Mr. SUMNER. An appeal is made to me.
Senators say I am to give it up. I made the mo-
tion 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too late
for any parleying on the subject. The division
was insisted upon, a vote taken on both sides, and
the want of a quorum announced by the Chair.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I am ready to do anything 
Several Senators. Withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. After what has been said by
the Senator from Maine that in the committee of
conference this matter can be looked into and ar-
ranged, I will withdraw the objection to the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
wishes to be heard a moment. All this debate is
now out of order. When a division is insisted
upon to its consummation, and the result is an-
nounced by the Chair that there is no quorum, no
further business can be done or motion entertained
until it shall be ascertained that a quorum of the
body is present.
Mr. HALE. Then I aslc for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon what
motion ?
Mr. HALE. The motion we have justdivided
upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A vote lias been
taken, a division had, and the result announced.
Mr. HALE. But I thought that the result an-
nounced was that there was no quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was.
Mr, HALE. Then, can we not take another
vote on that by yeas and nays? Has not that
been the practice?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot bo
taken except by special indulgence or acquies-
cence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be done by unan-
imous consent, I suppose.
Mr. HALE. But I want to ask, as a matter of
practice, whether a vote cannot be had by yeas
arid nays, when a division discloses a want of a
quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
desires to ascertain whether there is a quorum
present, it is proper to be done on a motion to ad-
journ ; and thatis the only motion that can be made,
except to request the attendance of absent Sena-
tors.
Mr. GRIMES.'I make that motion to adjourn,
although I am going to vote against it, in order to
test the question whether there is a quorum pres-
ent; and upon that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote dis-
closes the want of a quorum by one.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. I suggest the calling of the
names of the absentees. The name of some one
may occur who is present and may not have voted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will again call the names of those who have not
answered.
The Secretary called {he names of the absentees
as follows:, Messrs. Bayard, Carlile, Chan-
dler, Dixon, Johnson, Kennedy, Latham, Nes-
mith, Pearce, Pomeroy, Rice, Saulsbury,
Wade, and Wilkinson.
Mr. WILKINSON. I vote " nay."
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam informed that my col-
league, Mr. Wade, is detained from the Senate
by sickness.
The result was then announced—yeus 0, nays
36; as follows:
YEA—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Drowning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill,
Powell, Sherman, Simmons, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Trumbull, Wilkinson, WiUey, Wilmot, Wilson
of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—36.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, and the vote shows the pres-
ence of a quorum of the body. The question be-
fore it, upon which a division is demanded, is on
the following amendment in the twerity-seventh
line of page'22, striking out the proviso in these
words:
Provided, That all imported cotton and linen rags for the
manufacture of paper shall be free of duty.
The Committee on Finance moved an amend-
ment to the bill, recommending the striking out
of these words. The Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, agreed to that amendment of the com-
mittee, and did strike out the words. The bill has
been reported to the Senate, and a separate vote
has been demanded upon this amendment, and a
division upon the vote is demanded. The ques-
tion is, and it will be again taken, " Will the Senate
concur in the amendment adopted in Committee
of the Whole, striking out these words?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Chair will ex-
cuse me if I suggest to gentlemen, as we have got
a bare quorum, that they sit here until we finish
this bill. It will take but a few minutes, if they
will only be present in the Chamber and vote, and
it is very important to finish it to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the pending
amendment, I was not in when it was first offered,
and do not know whether there has been any de-
bate upon it; but I will inform the Senate that the
present duty on rags is 10 per cent. Now, I ask
whether to protect a small, narrow interest you
would dispense with a mere revenue duty of 10
percent. This bill proposes to increase the duty
to 30 per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; it does not increase
it at all. It simply allows it to stand at 10 per
cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the bill does not
change the duty. The present duty is 10 percent.,
and this bill does not increase it. There is not a
very large amount of these rags brought into this
country, I am informed by gentlemen who are
interested. Sometimes they are needed and are
brought here. Why should they not pay a duty?
I cannot see any reason for it. It seems this pro-
viso was not reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means in the House, but was stuck on by
some party in interest. 1 have not looked at the
record. At any rate, I think it is a mere proviso
stuck on here to reduce a duty that is not affected
by this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is a mere
proviso. Of course it is a mere proviso, because
that is the most practical way of carrying out the
idea of the gentleman who moved it, which was
to exempt rags from the duty; and it was on the
ground that rags were imported for the simple pur-
pose of being made into paper, and that paper
is already taxed 3 per cent, in our tax bill; and
why, it was asked, should you put another tax on
paper because the tax on rags is a tax on paper.
