>4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
it was located with the approval of Washington.
To be sure, it was first a swamp, and that by these
small appropriations it has been made one of the
most beautiful spots in the city. I agree with the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] in his
desire for economy, for retrenchment and reform.
I want to see the public expenditures reduced.
But, sir, let us begin with the heavy appropria-
tions, and not with these small one, so small as
not to be sensibly felt by the public purse, yet
having so great and beneficent an influence as to
be felt everywhere in the country by our people.
I trust, therefore, that the appropriation will stand
]ust as it has been reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of "Ways and Means if
this is not the same appropriation which was
made last year, and which has been made in pre-
ceding years.
Mr. STEVENS. The sum is the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. It docs seem to me that we
can afford to reduce the appropriation somewhat,
and 1 propose to strike out $3,30p, reducing the
sum to $1,000, for the purpose specified in this
clause.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Holman was not
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That this committee recAmm^nd that that por-
tion of this bill included within the one hundred and sov-
enty-tlmd and one hundred and eighty-thud and the one
hundred and ninetieth and one hundred and runety-sjeventh
line<, be icfened to the CommiUfo on Agnctiltuio.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
It is> that this resolution is not in order as an
amendment to the hill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the Chair
hear me upon the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not
debatable.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. A portion of the
resolution is in order, and 1 will modify the reso-
lution so that it will be in order. I will omit the
first portion, and then it will certainly be in ordci,
as it is proper fur this committee to recommend
to the House to refer to another committee. It
will thou bo a recommendation of this committee
to the House that a portion of the bill be referred
to another committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I still insist upon the point
of order. Thus committee can make no recom-
mendation whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is not in oider to move to refer a portion of the
bill when in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Permit me to say
that the Chair docs not understand the proposi-
tion. The proposition is, that this committee
recommend to the House to refer a portion of the
bill to anothercommitteo, and not itself to refer it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the gentleman does not undei stand
the Chatr.
Mr. S ['EVENS. It is no amendment m any
sense whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of ordi r, and thinks that it is well taken.
Mr. MORRIS. Is it in oider to move to strike
•out the whole clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. MORRIS. I submit that motion; and I do
it for the reason that the very next clause of the
bill appropriates the sum of fc>5,12! 50. to pay the
horticulturist and assistants m the botanic gar-
dens and greenhouses, which is to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress. Now. itseems to me that that expend-
iture is amply sufficient for the botanic garden,
and especially when we consider that this botanic
garden docs not furnish the flowt rs, which are
bought and paid for by the Government; for I now
hold in my hand a copy of a bill amounting to
$700 7.), dated September 16, 1861, which was
allowed and paid simply for flowers and green-
house plants, and certified to be correct by the
gardener of the President's pounds. If this bo-
tanic gat den furnished these fiovvers and these
plants, it would seem to me that we might appro-
priate this sum of $3,300 for that purpose*, but it
does not do it. That, sum of $700 75 was paid to
a common laborer, and it was receipted for by
him—a man who never had any flowers or green-
house plants for sale, nor ever dealt in such plants,
nor ever had any for sale at any time, as I am
credibly informed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of op-
posing the motion to strike out the whole clause,
although I fully concur in the spirit in which the
proposition was made to the House. I presume it
is in order to perfect the clause before the motion is
put to strike it out. I therefore move to strike out
$3,300 and insert $2,000. I desire to say that
when this House met in extra session last July,
there was a universal feeling that a course of the
most rigid cconomy must be adopted; that the
Government could not be sustained without it;
and yet, though wo have now been in session six
weeks, not a single step has been taken towards
retrenchmentand reform in this body. The coun-
try is expecting a different course from us. The
nation is almost reduced to bankruptcy, and yet
here we are appropriating a large sum of money,
amounting in this clause and the next to about
^8,500, for a purpose which in no solid way con-
tributes to the strength of this country. It does
not clothe or feed your Army; it docs not advance
the agricultural interest of the country, upon which
the prosperity of the country rests. In no single
solid way does the appropriation benefit the peo-
ple of the United States. I admit that it is a mat-
ter of taste, and of grateful culture, about which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania talked so beau-
tifully this morning; but I submit to the House
whether, in a moment like this, you are to spend
thousands upon thousands for purposes of mere
taste, when your soldiers will be soon crying for
bread. I insist upon the motion I have made, re-
ducing this sum to #2,000. Indorsing, as I may,
every word said by the gentleman from Kentucky
as to the science, skill, getieial intelligence, and
faithfulness of the gentleman who superintends
that department, yet I am satisfied that he can
manage that branch of business at a laige reduc-
tion from the appropriation heretofore made; and
I think I can show from his own estimates that
the sum of $2,000 will accomplish, economically
expended, the purposes necessary to keep up the
gaiden on the we.st of the Capitol.
The question recurring on the amendment to
the amendment, and on a vote, no quorum voting,
Mr. HOLMAN said: Inasmuch as it is mani-
fest that the House is not willing to adopt this
measure of economy, I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJO Y. 1 move to strike out from line
one hundred and ninety-two the words "Library
Committee of Congress," and inset t "Committee
on Agriculture." I do not see what the Library
Committee has to do with the matter of agricul-
ture.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman that the Library Committee is a commit-
tee of both Houses, and is composed, or should
be composed, of the best members of both Houses,
while the Agricultural Committee is a committee
of this House alone. I trust the clause, in that
lespect. will be left as it js.
Mr. McPHERSON. The gentleman,I think,
is m enoi upon an important point. I think the
Committee on Agriculture is a joint committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentlemen from Tennessee. I desire to
know whether it is not infinitely better that this
expendituic should be made under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior? The Library
Committee have never given this matter much
attention.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I will modify my amendment
and make it read " the Agricultiual Committee
of both Houses,"
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to make a suggestion? Would
it not be infinitely better that this money should
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, than by any committee of Con-
gress 5
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think not; and I think there
i is enough in that Department already.
Mi. STEVENS. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman whethei there is any joint committee on
agi 'culture >
Air. LOVEJCY. My amendment is, the Com-
mittees. on Agriculture of both branches of Con-
gress—not of one, but of both.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know why the Li-
brary Committee should be deposed. The matter
has always been intrusted to that committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That committee has no pos-
sible connection with this subject of agriculture.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Is another amendment in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at this time.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to strike out the
words "Library Committee of Congress," and
insert the " Senate and House Committees on the
Public Buildings and Grounds."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am opposed to
that proposition, for the reason that, in my judg-
ment, this Congress will pass a law creating an
independentdepartmenton agriculture,and in that
event all the appropriations for this purpose, and
that appropriation contained between lines one
hundred and seventy-three and one hundred and
eighty-one inclusive, should be under the super-
vision uf that depaitmcnt.
Mr. Chairman, thele can be no question but that
the agricultural interests of the country should in
someway be cared for, and that all appropria-
tions, following a long line of precedents adopted
by Congress, should not now be abandoned. And
yet it is true that very great errors have crept into
the management of this department of the Gov-
ernment. 1 will not say that frauds have been per-
petrated, because 1 do not suppose any gentleman
would take it kindly in me to say that it was a
fraud upon the common sense of the country to
purchase in Prussia ninety-five dollars' worth of
thistle seed. It would be unkind to say that was
a fraud, and yet the fact exists that in the Patent
Office, to-day, a box, costing this Government
nearly one hundred dollars, is filled with thistle
seed, sent to tln.s country and recommended to be
sowed to raise thistles on which to feed Russian
bees. That is one of the follies which have crept
into this department, and one of a class of errors
which should be corrected. There are a great
many other things of a similar character, and, con-
sequently, this department is now suffering in its
estimation in the eyes of Congress, and is con-
sidered by some a humbug. The seed department
has become to members of Congress a little oner-
ous, when they are conscious that they are send-
ing to their constituents seeds of little value. I
have distributed to my constituents in Illinois, as
very choice flower seeds, that which afterwards
produced the most common kinds of prairie flow-
ers. These things do exist, and they should be
corrected; but because they exist, is no reason
why wc should lose sight of the great agricultural
interest of the country and refuse to foster it.
The trouble is that this agricultural departmentas
now conducted is hut an incident to another de-
partment, and it is only carried on now, I am sorry
to say, in many instances, to give places to men
who have to be provided for, and to spend money
in purchasing those worthless seeds and worthless
articles for distribution.
But when I say this, I am not to be misunder-
stood. 1 believe, notwithstanding all these things,
that great advantages have and will continue to
flow from these appropriations. In the West, the
very introduction of the one article of Chinese
sugar cane has more than paid that country, and
the whole country, a thousand times all the ap-
propriations which have ever been made. There
arc other instances in which great benefits have
flowed from this policy, and I ""hope and trust that
the appropriationwili be continued, and also that
you will put the matter under the management
and control of some individual who shall be re-
sponsible as the head of the agricultural depart-
ment. Then it will be administered properly,
and our appropriations will turn out to be bene-
ficial to the people who pay the taxes of the coun-
try.
It was for these reasons that I desired to refer
this matter to the Committee on Agriculture, in
order that they might, m a bill which I trust they
arc now preparing, put in this appropriation.
Then the agricultural interests will be cared for,
and some good results will flow from this expend-
ltuu: of the people's money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give notice
that 1 shall call upon the Chairman to confine
members in their remarks to the subject under
discussion.
