2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
sideration of the bill, and to move its indefinite
postponement.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I gave notice on a for-
mer day that f should call up the Pacific railroad
bill this day, during- the morning hour. I now
move that the regular order of business be post-
poned and that that bill be taken up for consider-
ation.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the Senator will give
way to allow me to make some reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
still in order, but it is competent for a Senator to
make a special motion.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 hope the Senator will give
way to allow me to make a couple of reports from
a committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well; I give way
for that.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 221)
to exempt volunteers during the present rebellion
from the operation of the last proviso of the act of
the 30th of April, 1844, reported it adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Smith, John
Smith, and Sarah Meredith, surviving heirs of
William Smith, deceased, praying a pension for
the services of their father in the revolutionary
war, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A "message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 423) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year enuing
30th of June, 1863; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED KILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannou need that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
• A bill (S. No. 211) to authorize the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to lay
and collect a water tax, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 290) providing for the education
of colored children in the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia, and for
other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 73) relating to
the time of holding the second session of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Colorado; and
A joint resolution ( S. No. 75) to confirm the
opinion of the Court of Chums adverse to the
claim of Thomas B. Graham.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 15th instant, the following acts:
An act (II. It. No. 258) to regulate the time of
holding the courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Kentucky, and for other purposes; and
An act (Ii. It. .No. 269) to establish a Depart-
ment of Agnculture.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 423) making appropriations for
the naval service for the yoarending 30th of June,
1863, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OS MR. STARK.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notice that I
shall to-morrow move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of a privileged question, being
a resolution that I offered some days ago for the
expulsion of the Senator from Oregon. I should
have called it up last week lmd the Senator been
in his place, and 1 shall now call it up at the ear-
liest possible moment, not that 1 desire to discuss
it, for 1 content myself with the report of a com-
mittee of this body solemnly declaring that in their
opinion that Senator is disloyal. On that report
I shall rest, and ask the Senate for a vote.
The PRESIDEN I* pro tempore. The Chair
will only state m reply that that is a question of
such high privilege that it is in order for the Sen-
ator at any time to move its consideration.
Mr- SUMNER. I am aware of that, but 1 do
not wish to bring that question in conflict with the
bill of the Senator from California. I am with the
Senator in regard to that bill.
PACIFIC RAILKOAD BILL.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I thought I had yielded
the floor, having obtained it, simply to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, and to enable him to make
a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor if he claims
it, having been recognized by the Chair.
Mr. HOWE. I wish merely to offer a bill in
pursuance of notice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
business is not yet closed, and is the proper busi-
ness in order, unless displaced by a special mo-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I will say to the Senator from
California, as he seems to be entitled to the floor,
that yesterday I gave notice that to-day I would
offer a bill, and upon the motion to refer the bill
I wish to occupy about ten minutes—not to ex-
ceed that—in explanation of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have given notice of
my intention to make this motion, and I am under
instructions of the committee that I represent here
to move to take up the bill this morning. I hope
the Senator from Wisconsin will indulge me in
doing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must put the question on the motion of the Sena-
tor from California, that the Senate now proceed
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it quite improper
to take that bill up in the morning hour. It is a
matter of very great consideration, and will re-
quire a good deal of consideration by the Senate.
In the hurryof the morning hour it cannot be con-
sidered, and it can last no longer, for I must sug-
gest to the Senator that to interpose a matter of
that sort when there arc two bills so pressing on
the Senate at the present time as the confiscation
bill and the tax bill, will only make confusion. I
do not know that the Senator asks to make a
special assignment of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask to take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is business enough
for the morning hour, besides. I have never known
a bill of that consequence to be allowed to inter-
fere with morning business, and to be taken up
and considered only in the morning hour; a bill
involving some sixty millions of dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
and the Chair is bound to put that question for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. WADE. I wish the Senator would allow
that bill to go over this morning, and let me get
up the bill granting land for agricultural colleges,
whichlhad up yesterday; 1 presume it willoccupy
but a very few minutes, 1 am favorable to the
Pacific railroad bill, as the Senator well knows,
and will interpose no objection to it; but still 1
want to finish the other little bill and have it done
with.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have made two or three
efforts, as the Senate is aware, to bring up this
matter, and the committee instructed me to move
in it ilns morning, although 1 do not wish to urge
it on the Senate improperly. I prefer, however,
taking it up at the present time.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to suggest that a bill of
this magnitude should not be permitted to deprive
the business of the morning hour of its place.
There are various little bills that we want to get
through in the morning houi; some of them occu-
pying very little time; private bills and other bills
to winch the morning hour is usually devoted.
This is a bill of vast importance to the country,
and will occupy a good deal of time in discussion;
and I think it should not come up in the morning
hour, but should have proper time during the ses-
sion of the day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not think the fact
that this is an important bill is any reason why
it should be postponed. On a former occasion 1
moved that a day be assigned for the considera-
tion of the bill. That was denied by the Senate.
1 then thought itproper, on advising with a num-
ber of Senators and with my own committee, to
bring it before the Senate in the morning hour,
and then, after it was presented, let the Senate
take such order as it thought proper. 1 so noti-
fied the Senate, and I stated at the same time that
it was the design of the friends of the measure,
as far as 1 understood, not to make it a matter of
any lengthy discussion. The bill has been printed
as reported by the committee, and it has been be-
fore the Senate. The subject has been before the
Senate for ten years in various forms of legisla-
tion. It has been before the Senate in the form of
a bill from the commencement of this session, sub-
stantially as it is reported now. If it is a matter
of such magnitude, it at least should be consid-
ered. 1 regard it as a measure of the first magni-
tude before the Senate, of more importance than
any bill coming now or that may come now from
the Finance Committee. It has been considered
first by the committee of five appointed, and after-
wards by the committee enlarged to nine, a large
committee of the Senate. They have matured
what I believe to he a complete and perfect bill.
The Senate have had abundant time to examine
and ascertain what their exceptions, if any, are
to it. I have sought to have it considered in both
forms. I understand that these objections mostly
come from those who are opposeu to considering
it at all. It is a measure demanded by the coun-
try, to which the country is pledged, and is one
of, I believe, as immediate necessity as any meas-
ure before Congress, and I trust that it may not
be put off on every occasion and for every cause
and upon every suggestion.
Mr. CLARK. I would not make a further sug-
gestion were it not for the intimation thrown out
by the Senator from California that the objection
comes from a person who is opposed to the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I did not refer to the
Senator from New Hampshire when I said that.
Mr. CLARK. I am glad the Senator says he
does not refer to me, because I am in favor of the
bill; but I think,notwithstanding this bill has been
considered by the committee, and considered for a
long time, and notwithstanding it may have passed
the House of Representatives, when it comes be-
fore the Senate and comes to be explained and dis-
cussed, the Senate will see good reasons why the
bill should be thoroughlydebated and thoroughly
considered before they pass upon it finally. {
think there will be serious objections to the bill
in the form in which it now stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to askwhetherif
it comes up in the morning hour, it will displace
the bill which was before the Senate yesterday?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore* If a bill comes
up during the morning hour, it will itself be dis-
placed by the special order, or the unfinished bus-
mess of yesterday, at one o'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire that once
this bill is before the Senate, U becomes the un-
finished business, to be taken from the table at
any time, and any private bills which Senators
are desirous of considering can be taken up by
special motion, and action had. It is very evident
that this measure, which is regarded by many of
us upon the floor as one of vital charactcr, must
in a degree conflict with other very vital and im-
portant measures pending. The tax bill, the con-
fiscation bill, and other measures which are press-
ing in their nature, of course, must receive con-
sideration; the friends of this measure are never-
theless anxious that every moment of time that
possibly can be, may be spent in the considera-
tion of this measure, and that we may progress,
even if it be inch by inch, until we get final action.
Mr. FESSENDFN. I desiie to inquire fur-
ther, wh ether, if it comes up in the mot ning hour
and is not finished, it will hereafter displace the
regular business of the morning hour until it is dis-
posed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* It will not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the order to take
it up operate only on the morning hour to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will it not go over as
unfinished business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is now
unfinished business of yesterday's morning hour,
but that is displaced by a special motion to take
up another subject; and so it would be another
morning. There is the right to displace it by a
special motion to take up any subject.
jMr. FESSENDEN. That I understand. But
if it comes up to-day, and is unfinished when we
adjourn,does it not come upas the first business,
