1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
pay to llie assessors. Will any one give us an
estimate of the number of miles that are to be
traveled under this bill ? A million of dollars will
have to be paid on account of this uncertain mile-
age. I ara in favor of giving these assessors full
compensation, but of making it certain. Do not
let us give them a compensation which is liable to
so much abuse as that provided by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. In regard to the mile-
age of Congress, it has been so much abused I
think that it is a good argument against the plan
being adopted in every other instance.
Mr. STEVENS. How are you to fix the com-
pensation between the man who sits at home and
works, and gets two dollars g day, and the mail
who is obliged to travel all around the country
and bear his own expenses? Shall the latter only
get as much as the former?
Mr. HUTCHINS. In regard to that case, the
one may or may not have to do more work or to
boar more expense; but in Ohio the assessors are
paid so much per day—$1 50 I think it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what they are paid
in Pennsylvania.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I am willing to pay a lib-
eral compensation—three, four, or five dollars, if
necessary; but I do not intend to vote for this
mileage in any shape. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move my substitute now.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order now.
The pending amendment is to add to the twenty-
first line a provision to give five cents mileage.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to submit an amendment of that kind
after a vote of the House to strike out the mileage
matter entirely?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
to move to insert the original amount which was
stricken out; but it would be in order to insert
any other sum.
Mr. HICKMAN. My understanding is that
everything relating to mileage, included in the
twenty-firstand twenty-second lines, was stricken
out.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then 1 suggest that it is not
in order afterwards to recur to the question of
mileage and insert a new provision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ckair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the amount of three cents in
lieu of five. I want the compensation of these
assessors fixed at some certain sum. I do not
want my colleague to understand me as desiring
to have competent men to work without adequate
consideration. 1 intend no such thing as that. I
am willing that these assessors should be paid a
per diem allowance as great as their services are
worth. I am willing that there should be paid a
sum which will enlist m the cause men who arc
entirely willing and competent to perform the du-
ties. But if you adopt this system of mileage,
you will adopt such a system of extravagance in
regard tochaiges,sireh as the country, in anyone
of Us departments, has never seen. The assess-
ments of Pennsylvania, throughout all its dis-
tricts, are made for one dollar a day; and I will
tell my friend from the Lancaster district [Mr.
Stevens] that the assessments in his large agri-
cultural distiict are made at a compensation of
one dollar a day, and by the best citizens in his
county; and without any traveling fees or extra
allowance for making out lists.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman may know
better about these matters than I do; but I think
our laws of Pennsylvania allow a greater com-
pensation than that.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am informed that it is so
by two gentlemen who sit near me.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think the gentleman had
better refer to the law, rather than to the gentle-
men near him.
Mr. WRIGHT. It certainly does not exceed
$1 50 a day.
It has been said that the work of these assess-
ors would be confined to thirty days in the twelve
months. Let me tell you that when the assessor
is appointed, if he has not a life office he has
almost one—at least the office will run tlirou°'h
one Administration, which will be four years."I
had rather give them ten dollars a day than allow
this mileage abused, as it will be abused. Why
not on the start fix a compensation which will sat-
isfy competent men? I do not want to talk of re-
trenchment and reform, because these things are
worn threadbare. It seems to me that fixing a
fair daily compensation will answer all the sub-
stantial purposes we have in view, and I shall
move, at the appropriate time, that the assessors
shall be allowed three dollars for every day neces-
sarily spent by them, and that the assistant assess-
ors shall receive two dollars for every day neces-
sarily spent in the performance of their duties,
without regard to travel. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now propose to move to
amend the law so as to make it conform as nearly
as can be to the law which governs the mileage
of marshals in taking the census. I would strike
out of the twenty-first line the words " for each
and every mile traveled," and insert in lieu thereof
the words:
For nccessary travel, to be ascertained by multiplying
the. square root of the number of taxables in tile division or
district by tlie square root of the number of square miles in
eaeti division or district, and the product shall be taken as
the number of miles traveled for all pui poses in making this
assessment.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I would suggest that the
gentleman had better insert the cube root, instead
of the square root. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I think if this plan of allow-
ing and charging mileage is adopted, it will be
found that these officers will return as much mile-
age as they please, or as much as their conscicnce
will allow them; and there may be no means left
of detecting the fraud. This amendment is copied
from the actof 1850, which relates to the census,
only substituting the word " taxables" for the
word "dwellings." 1 presume that method of com-
putation will be as nearly correct as any which
we can adopt. It would be unfair to strike out
mileage entirely, although I voted for striking it
out. Perhaps the amendment under consideration
is the best we can do. In the rural districts it
would be unfair to require men to incur the ex-
pense of travel without any allowance for mileage.
This proposition pays them exactly according to
the number of miles traveled, as is susceptible of
calculation and ascertainment beyond all manner
of doubt.
It is known to gentlemen of the bar that, while
sheriffs are prohibited by the decisions of the
courts—at least that is the case in Pennsylvania—
from charging double mileage, yet they will take
with them a dozen writs, all to be served in the
same locality, go from their office, serve them all
in one trip, and charge and take mileage for each
one of them. Now, what is to prevent these as-
sessors from taxing mileage from their residence
to the residence of every man assessed in their
respective districts? And how are we to get at the
actual distance traveled? Unless some limit is put
to this, it will take all the money we can raise to
pay the assessors. Leaveitas it is, and it will make
the office of the assessor better than any other under
the Government, so far as pay is concerned.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I would suggest
to the gentleman that he should modify his amend-
ment, inasmuch as the word " taxables" refers
to things and not to persons.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will make it read
" taxable inhabitants."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be seen,
by noticing the provisions of this bill, that it may
not be necessary for the assessors to travel much.
If the persons to be taxed shall make their returns
as required by the bill, there will be no travel.
Therefore I hope the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not be adopted.
In relation to the general matter of mileage, I
will say that of course the accounts of the assessors
and assistant assessors are to be adjusted accord-
ing to the rules and regulations of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. He will undoubt-
edly adopt some mode of ascertaining the number
of miles traveled, and will allow for no more. It
does seem to me that some mileage should bo al-
lowed ill the country districts, where men have
to travel mile after mile, with their own horses
and carriages, or else we shall not give them a
reasonable compensation. I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will not pre-
vail, as I think it will give too much mileage,
while I think five cents a mile for the distance act-
ually traveled will be sufficient.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the amendment by adding one cent to it. I wish
to call the attention of the committee to the law
of last session. We have discussed this question
as though there were no other duties imposed upon
these assessors except those imposed by this bill;
whereas they are to perform the duties of assess-
ors of real estate under the law of August, 1861.
I assume that there will be one assessor for each
congressional district, and I assume that each as-
sessor will have to have assistants in every county
in his district. The States have for the present
year assumed the payment of their quota of the
direct tax, but I presume that there are very few
of them but what will next year be on the debit
side instead of the credit side, so that next year,
at least, the tax upon real estate will have to be
collected and, if any of the States are in default it
will have to be collected this year also.
Now, I think there is some objection to this
mileage. But in country districts m the West an
assessor cannot walk round to perform his duties.
He must have a horse, and will be at the expense
of horse hire. And, then, we are notin the habit
of entertaining the assessors free of expense, as I
understand they do in the hospitable regions of
Pennsylvania. They will have to pay for their
board, and §1 50 a day will not more than pay
for board and liorse hire.
1 think that the duty of making out these lists
might possibly be devolved upon the collectors,
as proposed by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Phf.t.ps.]
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will observe
that the collectors have also to make out these lists.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The idea which I
mean to convey is this, that while this work is
going on the per diem will be duplicated or made
manifold, because the assistant assessors in the
tun or twelve townships of each county will bo at
work at once upon these lists.
The law of August, 1861, provides that the dep-
uty assessors shall, after the assessmentsarc made,
all meet at such point in the State as the Secretary
of the Treasury may determine, there to consti-
tute a board of equalization, and the law allows
them mileage only when going to and from that
board of equalization. Now, the Committee of
Ways and Means have allowed the same per diem
in this bill that is allowed by the act of 1861, but
they have increased the mileage. I propose that
we shall adopt the provision of the thirtieth sec-
tion of that act; and whenever it shall be in order,
I shall propose the amendment, which I now ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting words of the section and
inseit:
Said assessors and assistant assessors shall respectively
receive such compensation for their sei vices as is provided
in the thirtieth section of the act entitled " An act to pro-
vide increased revenue from mipoits.to pay interest on tiie
public debt, and for other nuinoses," approved Augusts,
1861.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I now withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to strike out all after
the enacting words of the section, and to substi-
tute therefor the following:
That there shall be allowed anil paid to the seveial assess
ors and assistant assessors lor then seivices undoi this act:
to each assessor three dollars a day for eveiy day liecessa-
llly spent in the discharge of his duties ; to each assistant
assessor two dollars a day tor every day necessarily spent
m the dlschatge of his duties ; and said assessors and as-
sistant assessors respectively shall al-o be allowed their
liccessary and reasonable charges for the stationery and
blank-books used in the execution of their duties ; and the
compensation above specified shall be m lull for all ex-
penses not otherwise partieulaily authorized.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the atten-
tion of members to the rule that when it is pro-
posed to amend by striking out n paragraph, the
friends of the paragraph have a right to make it
as perfect as possible by amendments before the
question is taken on striking out. Amendments
are, therefore, still in order to the section which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to
strike out.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding after the words " five cents a mile,
for every mile traveled," the words "and all
claims for mileage shall be audited by said Com-
missioner."
It is very evident that the House are not dis-
posed to allow a very large mileage, and it is very
evident that any allowance of this kind, uncon-
