3176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Still further, the rags are in the nature of a raw
material; and it is according to the principle of our
system of taxation to exempt the raw material.
Why do you make an exception in this case ? I
think the argument is unanswerable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply reply that a
tax of 10 per cent, was put on by the tariff bill
passed a year ago, one of the most protective that
was ever passed in our Government. Now, sim-
ply to ease.off a little interest, a small tax, it is
proposed at the present time, when we want to
raise more revenue, to repeal this little tax on rags.
I think we had better let it alone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore■ The question
is on concurring in the amendment agreed to in
Commfttee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred ill.
Mr. POWELL. If it is in order, I will now
renew the amendment I offered before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not now
in order, the Senate not yet having considered all
theamendments made in Committee of the Whole.
The next amendment which was reserved for a
separate vote will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
on page 21, in line twenty-two, to strike out
"twenty-five," and insert the words, "dry or
ground in oil, fifteen," so that the clause will read,
" on white and red lead and oxyd of zinc, dry or
ground in oil, 15 cents per one hundred pounds."
Mr. GRIMES. From the fact that this duty
upon white lead is coupled with oxyd of lead, of
the properties and preparation of which and the
use of which I know nothing-, at the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine, I have agreed to with-
draw my objection, and let it go to the committee
of conference that will be appointed to adjust this
matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question,
then, is on concurring in the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, reserved for a separate
vote, was in section twenty-one, pages 50 and 51,
to strike out all after the enacting clause down to
the proviso i  line six, in the following words:
That nil goods, wares, ami merchandise, which may be
In Uie public stores or bonded warehouse on the day and
war aforesaid, shall be subject to the same and no other
duly upon the entry tor consumption thereof than if the
■s,un« were imported lespeetiveiy after that day.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That all the goods, wnres, and merchandise which may
be in bonded warehouse on the isi day of Augu.st next limy
be withdrawn within thu lime now fixed by law upon the
payment of the present duties ; ami ali goods, wares, and
merchandise on shipboaid, or in the public stores on the 1st
day of August next, or which simii remain in bonded ware-
house niter the expiration of the nine Hxod by the bond,
feliall be subjcct to tin1 duties prcsoiibed by tills act-
Mr. SUMNER. I excepted that amendment,
and it was in order to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the condition of goods on shipboard at the
date of the passage of the act. It seems to me
that it is inequitable that such goods should be
compelled to pay the new duties imposed by this
act; and I wilt propose an amendment which shall
relieve them of that burden. I think that this
burden is especially hard on goods that come from
a distance; for instance, around Cape Horn or
around the Cape of Good Hope, and which have
been ordered months ago. The orders for such
goods have been so long outstanding that it has
been impossible for the merchant:* to make any
change with regard to them in anticipation of this
statute; and it seems to mo hard that they should
be obliged to bear this burden.
Now, sir, as I understand our legislation, one
of its cardinal principles is this: to interfere as
little as possible with the business of the country.
Of course there can be no change m legislation
that will not interfere to a certain extent; but the
object is to have that extent as little as possible,
and that it shall not interfere, if possible, in spe-
cial cases; the special cases shall be saved. I
take it, the reason is this: that every man in the
conduct of his business has a right, if possible,
to know in advance the laws by which his busi-
ness is to be governed. When merchants send
an order a long way, to Calcutta, or China, if you
please, under existing statutes, I ask if it is not
hard that on tiie way home a statute should be
passed which shall affect all the goods thus water-
oorue,in pursuance of an order issued in advance
of this legislation, with a new duty. I wish to
meet that precise ease; and I therefore move, as
an amendment to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, to insert in the firstclause of his prop-
osition, after the words " bonded warehouse," the
words, "or on shipboard, "so that the clause will
read: " that all the goods, wares, and merchan-
dise,'which may be in bonded warehouse, or on
shipboard, on the 1st day of August next," &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would not be con-
sistent with the balance of the amendment. You
would have to make further modifications in order
to make it consistent.
Mr. SUMNER. I have drawn some specific
words that cover the case precisely; but I think
those words would perhaps interfere with the
amendment of the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the whole amendment,
as it would be if amended, be read, and then the
Senator will see that the phraseology will not be
correct.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Thnt all the Roods, wares, and merchandise which may
be in bonded warehouse or on shipboard on the 1st day of
August next may be withdrawn within the time now fixed
bylaw upon the -payment of the present duties; and ail
goods, wares, and merchandise on shipboard or in the pub-
lic stores on the 1st day of August next, or which shall re-
main in bonded warehouse after the expiration of the time
fixed by the bond, sliaii be subject to the duties prescribed
by this act.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall carry out my idea bet-
ter by moving a supplementary proposition as an
amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his first amend-
ment to the amendment, and proposes to amend
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole by inserting the following as a proviso:
jhid provided, That the duties imposed by tins act shall
not apply to t;oods actually loaded on board any ship bound
to the United States at the date of this act.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that amendment will be
adopted. It seems to me to involve the most ob-
vious justice. It seems to me that good faith on
the part of the Government towards its citizens
requires that it should be adopted. Here is a mer-
chant. He makes an order for goods in Paris or
in England or anywhere else. He makes it in view
of the law as it exists. He expects to conform to
the law when he orders his. goods. Before the
goods reach here, Congress see fit to pass an act
charging him with additional duties. It changes
his whole plans. He may or may not have been
willing to order the goods under such circum-
stances. It seems to me obviously unjust towards
the merchant that he should be charged with an
additional duty on goods that he has already or-
dered expecting to pay duties according to the
existing law. I hope "that this principle, a new
principle as I understand, one never before adopted
m the history of our Government, will not prevail
here, and that we shall except from the provisions
of this bill goods that are actually on their way to
this country, having been ordered before the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, there is a
great deal of humbug about this thing, and we
might just as well have it understood. It is a sim-
ple question whether the money that is added to
the price of goods by our tariff shall be put in to the
pockets of the persons who have ordered the goods
before the passage of the act, or whether it shall
bepaid into the Treasury. Thatis the whole ques-
tion, and all those remarks about "good faith,"
&c., amount to nothing. Why, sir, if, while the
goods were on the way to this country, we had
reduced the duty 20, 30, or 50 per cent., as we have
done before, would these gentlemen have thought
it right that they should pay the old duties? We
should not have heard a word from them about
paying the old duties tn that case.
Tins question arose here once before within my
experience. Jt arose with regard to the article of
teas, at the last Congress. We had no idea of put-
ting the duties upon the teas that were actually m
bonded warehouses; but the act was so framed that
the Secretary of the Treasury construed it that he
was obliged to exact those duties. Considerably
large amounts of money were to be made, and the
question then was where the million or half mil-
lion of increase in the price of the goods in the
bonded warehouses at that time should go. There
was an outcry on the subject, and we had this talk
about " public faith" as we have now; and on the
whole, the Secretary recommended, and on the
whole, the Congress concluded to agree that, in
that particular instance, as they so intended in the
first place, they would exempt those goods, al-
though there was a very strong representation that
there wasnoreason why,inasmuch as the Govern-
ment had increased the prices of those teas largely, •
that increased price should go to swell the fortunes
of the tea importers, and should not go into the
Treasury of the United States; but, sir, we did so.
I gave public notice at that time here in the Senate
that, although I would agree to it then, I never
would agree to it again.
I have been obliged xto modify my views to a
certain extent with relation to it here. As this
bill came from the House of Representatives, it
put a duty on ail goods in bonded warehouses, in
the public stores, no bonds being given, and on
shipboard; but representations were made to us
that with regard to those goods in bonded ware-
houses there was a contract. They had been en-
tered under existing laws; the rates of duty had
been estimated and bonds had been given to pay
those duties, with leave to take them out from time
to time on payment of those duties. On examin-
ing it thoroughly, I came to the conclusion thatit
might be considered a contract, and the committee
came to that conclusion; and for that reason they
thought, as they designed to keep contracts at all
events, that they would except the goods in bonded
warehouses.
But with regard to these others, they never have
been entered at all. No contract has been made;
no bond has been given; nothing has been done.
We pass this tariff bill by which we increase the
duties. Those increased duties are added to the
prices of the articles; and the question is, simply,
whether, because gentlemen have these goods on
the way here, or happen, before this bill passes
into a law, to have them puton shipboard in China,
therefore they.shall come in free of duty because
we have changed this law. It is the old question
whether they shall have the advantage of that
fact. There is nothing else about it. Why, sir,
they knew from the state of the country, and have
known for months, that this tariff bill wasfo be
passed, and orders were sent out in consequence
of it in the hope that this thing would be done,
and goods have actually been imported in a hurry
in order to be in advance of this tariff. Commu-
nication is now very rapid. Men send their orders
very quickly from here, owing to the great exten-
sion of telegraphic communication over the world.
The question, therefore, simply is whether we
shall deprive ourselves of what we have a right
to, and what the people, the consumers, must pay,
or whether it shall go into the pockets of those
men who happen to get theirgoods on board their
ships beforeagiven time. Thatisjusttheamouut
of the whole thing.
Now, sir, why make that distinction? Why
not exempt also from the duties, goods orders for
which have been sent out, but they are not on
board? What is there so magical in the fact that
they have actually got them on board ship? Sup-
pose an order went yesterday, and a gentleman
says: " I have sent out an order; I did it under
existing laws; I cannot recall that order in time;-
it has got over the wires; yesterday the duties
were so and so, audi sent my order; Iliad aright .
to conclude they would stay so; and it isa breach
of faith, bad faith, to oblige me to pay these in-
creased duties." Why not just as well extend it
to the case of goods where orders are sent prior to
the passage of this bill? Why draw the line simply
upon thefact whether the goods were puton board
yesterday before the bill passes to-day ? There
is no more sense in that than in the other view of
the subject; and there is nothing, to my mtnd, in
the whole of it. As I stated before, the question
comes to this, whether, under this mere pretense,
the increased price which the people will pay for
these goods on account of these duties shall be
paid to a few individuals who happen to import
them, in consequence of the tariff, or shall be paid
to the Government? That is the question and the
whole of it.
Let me say further, that I am informed by a
gentleman ofexperience in mercantile matters, and
it was told to me in my seat, that in Great Britain
they have a standing law on the subject that the
increased rates of duty apply to the goods in
bonded warehouses, where bonds have been given
as well as to others, to everything that is not taken
out, and where the duties have not been actually
