1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trolled, would be liable to very great abuses. Sup-
pose an assessor chose to make the most out of
this illilease that ho could; he would visit first
one and then another, charging mileage to and
from his home in each case; he would make as
many distances as he could m the performance of
his duties. But, sir, there is also some indication
that the committee are disposed to allow some
mileage, and if they allow any, undoubtedly, they
will not recommend less than is proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Riddle.] 1 have,there-
fore, submitted this motion in good faith, that it
may take the fate of the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, so that ifhis motion shall prevail, there
shall be at the same time provided some check
upon the charges for mileage even at that rate.
Now, sir, it will be perceived that in this sec-
tion there is a check provided in relation to the
per diem compensation. That is to be subject to
the examination and allowance of the Commis-
sioner. But no such check is provided 111 the sec-
tion in relation to the charges tor mileage. It it
is necessary in the one case, it is equally neces-
sary in the other. I hope, theiefore, that the
House will adopt the amendment to the amend-
ment, whatever may be the fate of the amendment
after it is amended.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was inclined,
Mr. Chairman, to vote for mileage until I heard
the arguments made for and against it, but it oc-
curs to me that those who are in favor of allow-
ing mileage have entirely failed to show that there
is any necessity for mileage in the rural districts,
which does not exist in the cities also. It was
upon the ground that there was such a necessity
that I was at first disposed to vote for mileage. If
there is no difference in the two cases, then, in
my judgment, we should strike out the mileage
altogether. The system of allowing mileage is
doubtless liable to great abuses, and if it is granted,
cluuges will be made and amounts allowed un-
justly and impioperly.
If the assessments are to be made withm the
time specified m this bill, it will be necessary^as
seems to be conceded on all hands, that the assist-
ant assessors shall take ihe supervision of very
small distnets of country, 1101 to exceed a town-
ship five or six miles square. In a districtof that
size no considerable additional expense will be in- ^
curred for traveling. The assessor will be within !;
three or four miles of his residence all the time,
and can reach it every night, if he desires to do so.
Hence there will be'but very little difference be-
tween the compensation of assistant assessors in
the rural districts and that of assistant assessors
in the cities and large towns. If we can airivc at
an equality in this matter, and yet avoid the ques-
tion of mileage to assessors, we ought, in my judg-
ment, to do so. It is a system which always has
been, and I think always will be, subject to con-
siderable abuse. Even lllis body, probably as
honest a body as ever assembled, has sometimes,
it is said, committed errors in regard to the num-
ber of miles that have been traveled by members.
I do not believe that any lwmborcoming from the
West ever did make such an error. Certainly, ,
Mr. Chairman, no member from your State—In- .
diana—ever did; and I am sure that 110 member 1
fiom my State did. It may be possible that mem-
bers from Pennsylvania, where such difficulty in
regard to the mileage of assessors is apprehended,
may have made mistakes in calculating their mile-
age, over the mountains, around the lulls, through
the valleys, and over the livers. It cannot have
been in the disiiict represented by the gentleman
near me, [Mr. Hickman,] for he says it is the best
district 111 the woihl.
Mr. HICKMAN. In the United States.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That declaration
of the gentleman's must have fallen with surprise
and astonishment on the ear of the committee, but
then wondeis happen every day.
Now, Atr Chairman, lam opposed to the mile-
age system for the reasons that I have suggested.
But 1 am 111 favor of giving more than two dollars
a day to the assistant assessor. He lias to do Uie
work. There is a responsibility resting upon him.
He is the direct agent of the Government to fix
the amount of taxation. The system of taxation
to be inauguiated under this bill is such as has
not been previously known in the history of this
Government. It requires better business qualifi-
cations 011 the part of assessors than are required
generally in the States. It requires men who can
go into factories, distilleries, and workshops, and
can ascertain exactly on what duties are to be
paid—men who can fully comprehend all the ma-
chinery of business. Such men ought to be well
paid. This assessment of property is not a matter
that can be computed with such facilities as clerks
compute and settle up accounts. The proper dis-
charge of such duties requires judgment, integrity,
honesty, and skill. It may be that we shall have
to go to Chester county, in Pennsylvania, to find
suitable men. If so, I hope that county produces
enough for the whole country. Having procured
men with the requisite qualifications, I am in favor
of paying them well.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on the amendment offered
bv Mr. Edwards—
"Mr. EDWARDS. I withdraw my amendment
for the present, and will offer it in case the amend-
ment fixing the rate at five cents per mile, shall
be adopted.
The question recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. IIutchins, reducing the mileage of
assessors to five cents per mile.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred 011 Mr. Wright's
amendment, to strike out and insert.
Mr. HICICMAN. I understood the Chair to
decide that the amendment offered by my col-
league was not to be submitted to the committee
until the section proposed to bo stricken out is
amended.
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly not. It is in
order to offer an amendment to the section.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I move to amend by
reducing the pay of assessors from three dollars
to two dollais per day.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. The compensation
provided for assessors in the tax bill of 1861,
varies from that provided in this bill in this: that
the former gives mileage to assessors only when
going to and coming from the place to be ap-
pointed for the meeting of the State board of
equalization. I think the number of that board
should be limited to one assistant assessor in each
county. I propose now,in order to give the com -
mittee a chance to choose between that provision
of the act of August, 1861, and the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wright,] to usk for a division of the question on
stiiking out and inserting.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike out
and insert is not divisible.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Then I move to
amend by striking out the provision as to mileage,
and inserting in 'lieu of it the provision on the
same subject, contained in the thirtieth section of
the act of August, 1861.
Mr. WRIGHT. I raise the question of order,
that the gentleman cannot move to strike out af-
ter a proposition has been moved as a substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of 01 drr.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to strike
out the words in regard to the mileage, and to in-
sert as follows:
The «ud assessors and assistant assessors "hall ifspcct-
lvelv receive Mail compensation tor their seiviccs as is
piovidod ill the tlintlet!i scr tion ot the act entitled An
act to piovide mciea^ed levenue oil imports, to pay inter-
est on tiie public debt, and lor otliei [imposes," appioved
August t), 1861.
1 ask the Clerk to read the clause m the section
referred to.
The clause was read by the Clerk.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. My amendment is
to insert the %vords just read, in lieu of those
which 1 propose to have stneken out.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
by increasing the compensation of assistant as-
sessors from two to thiee dollars per day. In
my judgment it is the assistant assessor who has
really to do the work. He is the responsible
agent standing between the Government and the
1 property to be assessed, lie who does that work
faithfully and well, without mileage or perqui-
sites, ought to be paid at least three dollars. 1 he
bcttei pay w'lll command the services of better
men, and" the Government will be more than com-
pensated for paying these subordinate omeeis
The question was taken on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana to reduce his proposition to writing.
The section from the act of August, 1861, as read
by the Clerk, refers to machinery that is not em-
braced in this bill at all, such as a board of as-
sessors, &c.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I accept the sug-
gestion, and offer the amendment which I offered
originally.
The question was taken on Mr. White's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Wright 'is amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to. ' •
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the section the following
proviso:
Provided, That the President of the United states shall
be, and tie is hereby, authorized to fix sncli additional rates
of compensation to be made to assessors and assistant as-
sessors in tbe States of California and Oregon, and in the
Ten itories of Wa-.hin toii, Nevada, New Mexico, and Ar-
izona, as may appear to him to he just and equitable, in
consequence ul the grealei cost of living and traveling ia
those ytates and Territories, and as may, in his judgment,
be necessary to secure tlic services of competent and tffi-
cient men.
Mr. Chairman, a provision of this kind is neces-
sary in order to secure the levy and collection of
these taxes in those States and Territories. The
pay provided for assessors 111 this section would
not pay the simple cost of living in those States
and Territories. In the Territory of Nevada it is
utterly impossible for a man to subsist himself on
two dollars a day. That remark is equally true
concerning other districts of country that I might
mention. Two dollars a day, sir, will not pay the
costof living in that section. I object, therefore, •
to any general rule for fixing the compensation of
these assessois all over the country. Such a rule
may be followed in the different Atlantic States,
but it will notdo to apply such a rule to the mining
districts of the Pacific. In the rural counties of
Oregon and California the compensation may be
much less than it is in Nevada or Washington
Territory, or in the mining districts of California.
1 have no desire, Mr. Chairman, to increase the
compensation of these assessors unnecessarily—
to increase them beyond what is absolutely neces-
sary to secure the collection of the revenue. I am
entirely willing to leave the matter to the discretion
of the President.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. Mr. Chairman, I
agree entirely with the gentleman from Califor-
nia in the suggestion he has thrown out in legard
to the compensation of officers in the Territory
of Nevada. In that Territory, which I have the
honor to represent upon this floor, three dollars
a day would be 110 compensation for any proper
and efficient person to discharge this duty of
making an assessment. We pay our ordinary
men upon the ranches two dollars a day, and board
them. Our miners get four dollars a day and their
board. Mechanics get from seven to ten dollars a
day. If this law is to be enforced in that Terri-
tory, then, by competent officers, it seems to me
that there must be a higher compensation than is
provided for as yet. To secure competent offi-
cers, it seems to me that there should be such a
compensation provided as would correspond with
the prices paid in that Territory for other ser-
vices.
I have no personal interest in this matter. I
have no idea that any peison will be appointed
from the Territory of Nevada to discharge any of
the duties under this bill. We have in that Ter-
ritory now no person belonging to it who is hold-
ing office. We do not expect any offices. Our
people are engaged in other and more profitable
matters than looking after political appointments.
If officers, however, are to be sent to us for the
purposes designated by this bill, we want them
sent out at a proper compensation, and not so that
they will be thrown as paupers upon the charity
of the people of Nevada. Take, for instance, the
Federal judges of that Territory. The compen-
sation allowed to them is no compensation for
them in that Territory While I represent one of
the youngest Territories of the Union, yet they
want justice administered there as well as others
do elsewhere. The compensation allowed to those
Federal judges was not adequate, and they have
turned 111 and increased it to double what it was.
It was necessary to do so if they wanted to have
their laws executed. I want, if this bill is to be
passed, that adequate compensation shall be pro-
