1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I wish to read a clause of
the 34th rule of the Senate:
" The Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds shall
consist of five members, and simil hove power to act jointly
With the same committee of the House of Representatives."
I understand the question before the House is
as to what committee shall have supervision of
the expenditure, and not whether the expenditure
itself is proper. I have never understood why
the Committee on the Library should have con-
trol over the public grounds and gardens. I am
aware how it originated. When the exploring
expedition of Commodore Wilkes was published,
the matter was put under the control of that com-
mittee. The matter ought originally to have been
put under the supervision of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and I ask now that
this appropriation may be placed there.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to ask my friend from
Pennsylvania whether he is not a member of that
committee?
Mr. McICN"IGHT. Certainly, sir; and I am
representing- that committee now.
The question was put upon the amendment to
the amendment; and, no quorum voting,
Mr. McKNIGHT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, mod-
ified his amendment so as to substitute simply the
" Committee on Agriculture" of the House.
The amendment, as modified, was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Morris, to strike out the
clause, was not agreed to.
The Clerk then read the following clause:
For pay of horticulturist and assistants m the botanic
garden and gieenhouscs, to bo expended under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress, $5,121 50.
Mr. HOLMAN. f cannot, consistently with
my sense of duty, permit that clause to pass with-
out amendment. 1 move to strikeouttk $5,121 50"
and insert "$3,000" in lieu thereof,
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana will
not prevail. I commend very much the spirit of
economy which seems to have absolute posses-
sion of him this morning, but J think the action
of the House upoi  these small items is an intima-
tion to him that we hold his services in behalf of
economy at such a high valuation that we are de-
termined to reserve them for exercise on more
important matters when they come before the
House. I will join the gentleman from Indrana
coidially in limiting the appropriations of this
Government to the very lowest amount possible,
but here I think his economy goes too far. The
men employed in this garden perform infinitely ,
more work, and work that is more beneficial to the
country, than that performed by men who receive
$1,200 and $1,500, and, I will say, $3,000 in this
House and about this Capitol, and I think to limit
and reduce their pay would be a measure of un-
called-for economy. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment so as to reduce the appropriation to $1,000,
and I will give my reasons for making that mo-
tion. Any person who is conversant with such
subjects, and who will go there and examine all
thai is done about this garden and the houses
there, will find that it does not require such a
drove of men as are employed there to manage
the concern.
Now, sir, 1 say, without fear of contradiction,
that I know an individual who gets $300 a year
now and does more work than any three men in
thatbotamcaigarden. The appropriation of $5,000
simply for the salaries of men to manage that bo-
tanical garden is the most extravagant appropri- .
ation that I have seen in any hill yet. No mdi- ;
vidual would pay anything like that amount for i
the same services, and why should the Govern- j
ment pay thnse exorbitant salaries when they can ■
get men equally competent or better men to do j
the woik for one fourth the amount? 1 do say 1
that the appiopriation of $5,000 simply for the j
salaries of men to manage these grounds is the j
most extravagant appropriation 1 have yet seen, i
Mr. McPHERSON. I am informed that the 1
pay of the super in ten dent of this gai den is §1,000 •
a year, and that he employs four assistants at ,
fifty dollars a month each, making*$2,400. The t
balance of the appropriation is intended to cover :
the pay of laborers, who, when necessarily em-
ployed, receive $1 25 a day. This appropriation ,
is, I believe, precisely the same in amount as is
usually made. The House has instituted no in-
quiry which will enable it to say that more per-
sons are employed in the garden than are actually
necessary. I am bound to presume, therefore,
that the establishment is managed with proper
economy, and 1 submit to the House whether,
until we have some evidence to the contrary, we
may not commit an act of great injustice if we
summarily reduce the amount at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing that the committee rise, with a view to closc
this debate. We have to-day expended in this
debate more than four times the whole amount
•which we propose to save.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion until we get through with
this item.
Mr. STEVENS. We never shall get through it.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, yes-wc shall, if you
withdraw your motion.
Mr.STEVENS. Well,I withdrawthemotion.
The question was taken on Mr. Calvert's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Holman was
also disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
following clause:
For suiveying the public lands, (exclusive of California,
Oregon, Washington. New Mexico, Kansas., Nebraska,
Utah, Dakota, Colorado, and Nevada,) including incidental
expenses and island surve>s in the interior, and all other
special and difficult surveys demanding augmented iate<,
to be appoitioncd and applied to the several suivoying dis-
trict^ accoidmg to the exigencies of the public service, in-
cluding expenses of selecting swamp lands, m addition to
the unexpended balances ot all former appiopriations for
the same object, which will be absoibed by work under
contract, $i0,000.
If I can have the attention of the committee for
a moment, 1 will state the object of the motion. I
will not elaborate it by remarks or by anything like
a speech or aigument. The appropriation already
made will cairy on the surveys of the public lands
to the close of the present fiscal year, in June next.
It has been well remarked that U is very import-
ant and necessary to introduce economy some-
where, and my amendment proposes that after the
close of the present fiscal year the surveys of the
public lands shall be suspended for at least the
term of twelve months, or until we shall be in a
better position to appropriate money for that pur-
pose, and until the condition of the country will
bring the public lands more immediately into the
market than they are likely to be during the pres-
ent troubles. It my amendment prevails, 1 shall,
at the proper time, move to strike out the other
clauses m the bill providing for the surveys of the
public lands.
Mr. VANDEVER. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee. This is an
appiopriation of $10,000 for surveying the public
lands, exclusive of the Territories, and it neces-
sarily applies only to the States of Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota—States where the surveys
have already been prosecuted to a considerable
extent, and remain m an unfinished condition.
The sale of the public lands is retarded for want
of completed surveys. The small appropriation
of $10,000 embraced m this item is necessary to
the piosecution of the public service, and if the
gentlemen from Tennessee desires to introduce a
system of retrenchment and economy in connec-
tion with the surveys of the public lands, he had
better apply it to the more impoi tant items of ap-
propriation proposed for Oregon, Washington,
New Mexico, Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, and Col-
orado.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman,
for the purpose of obtaining information, whether
it is not practicable to make all the necessary sur-
veys by the closc of the present fiscal year—by
the 1st of July next? Will any practical incon-
venience result from suspending the surveys dur-
ing the next fiscal year?
Mr. VANDEVER. I think I can answer the
gentleman. I know that the pine lands, which it
is proposed to survey m Mmnesotaand Wiscon-
sin, are now being depredated on by men owning
mills, who remove the timber; and if the lands
aic surveyed and brought into market now, par-
ties will buy the lands for the sake of securing
the pines now growing on them; but if the lands
are not surveyed, so that they can be legitimately
purchased from the Government, these men will
strip them of the timber "growing-upon th£m,-a"nd
hereafter, when they are surveyed, they. witFbe-
come worthless to the Government, and the money
expended on the surveys of these-lands"Will never
be reimbursed to the public Treasury. If we con-
sult economy and a due regard to the* exigencies
of the public service at the present time, this item
ought to be increased rather than diminished*'; and
I had intended to propose an amendment increas-
ing the amount of the appropriation. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman fr<mi
Tennessee.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was disagreedto.
Mr. WATTS. At the risk'of being accused of
doing something rash in the present temper of the
committee, 1 move to amend in line two hundred
and fourteen, by increasing the appropriation from
$5,000 to $10,000, so as to make it read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims in
New Mexico, $10,000.
I think that a word of explanation will satisfy
the committe^of the propriety ofthis amendment.
Under the trraty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the land
titles of New Mexico are protected, and we are
bound by treaty stipulation to respect the private
grants then existing. Congress, under the report
of the surveyor general, made to the General Land
Office, lias already confirmed about fifty of these
private land grants. These have never yet been
surveyed, becausc all the appropriations made
heretofore have been made for the purpose of sur-
veying and running township lines. The obiiga-
lion under which Congress lies to have these pri-
vate land grants in the Territory of New Mexico
surveyed, and the titles perfected and delivered to
the owners, has never been complied with. We
are under the highest obligations of justice and
honor that this should be done. Tins small ap-
propriation of $10,000 which I ask for would not
be sufficient to complete the survey of those private
land grants that have been confirmed by Congress.
If we were a dead and buried and bankrupt nation
I should not say a word about it. But I do not
believe that we are a dead and buried nation yet.
I believe wc are still alive and kicking, and able to
discharge some of our highest obligations. While
we are building up gilded marble palaces for our
own comfort and convenience, and expending
thousands of dollars for the purpose of making the
roses of June throw their bloom around us in win-
ter time, we ought not to neglect discharging our
duties to the citizens in the far-distant regions of
the Republic.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENNET. I move to amend by increas-
ing the appropriation in the two hundred and
twenty-eighth line from $5,000 to $25,000; so as
to make the clause read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims
confirmed in C'oioiado Territory, $25,000.
I propose to give a few of the reasons which
induce me to ask the committee to do this favor
to the people of Colorado Territory. In the first
place, the people settled that country two years
before Congress knew there was such a country.
They occupied the mineral lands and the fertile
lands of the valleys. They have expended thou-
sands of dollars there in improvements. They
have built towns, and I may say have built a city
there. There are hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars invested in the public lands there, and yet
Congress has not appropriated one dollar for their
survey. The committee is now asked to give us
an appropriation for surveying, not unoccupied
lands, but lands that have been occupied by set-
tlers two years, who have thousands of dollars
at stake in improvements on them. I shall at
some future day ask that the preemption laws be
extended over that Territory, m order that our
people there may purchase by preemption rights
at $1 25 per acre the homes in which their all is
invested.
Mr. Chairman, the appropriation now asked
for is a very small one in view of the appropri-
ations heretofore made to other Territories. The
situation of Colorado is entirely different and anom-
alous from that of any otherTerritory of the Uni-
ted States. There have been hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars expended for this purpose in other
Territories; and the surveys in many of them are
extended, I may say, beyond the settlements.
Still, I do not wish to attack them. I have noth-
