1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2217
unless a new order is passed, for to-morrow morn-
ing, and displace petitions and ali those things?
l'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Pacific
railroad bill should be considered after the morn-
ing hour, and be left unfinished at the adjourn-
ment, it would come upas the special order to-mor-
row at one o'clock, displacing all other business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair does not un-
derstand me. Suppose this is taken up this morn-
ing in the morning hour, and is continued until
one o'clock, and is then displaced by the regular
business: what will be the condition of it to-mor-
row morning? Will it come up as the unfinished
business of the morning hour?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In that state,
to-morrow morning the Chair, as usual under the
rule, would call for the ordinary morning business:
first, petitions; second, reports of committees;
third, resolutions and bills; and then, if no special
motion was interposed, the unfinished business
of the morning hour of the preceding day would
be in order, and the Chair would present it as un-
finished business, and in order; but it would not
come under the 31st rule regulating the special or-
ders, by force of the rule rendering it incumbent
on the Chair to call it up whatever else might be
pending.
Mr. HOWE. I beg to suggest to the Senator
from California that there are but thirty minutes
left of the morning hour, and he can make but
very little progress with this bill in that time.
There is considerable opposition to proceeding to
the consideration of it at all. I have a little mat-
ter here that I would like to get off my hands,
and I ask him to withdraw his motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have a large matter I
want to get off my mind; and so has the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
make a simple suggestion to the Senator from
California, who takes so much interest in the pas-
sage of this bill. I am for his bill, and he knows
it; I always have been; but I think this bill is one
of too much magnitude to be thrust into the morn-
ing hour, and I shall be constrained to vote against
taking it up now for that reason. We should de-
vote the morning hour to the ordinary morning
business; and, at the eailiest possible moment, 1
shall vote to take up his bill and to stick to it un til
we pass it, and I have no doubt we shall pass it;
but I think it ought not to be crowded into the
morning hour.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if ho would consent to assign a
future (lay when it can be considered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
I will vote to put the bill in a good position; but
the morning hour should be devoted to small bills
and the ordinary morning business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Would the Senator con-
sent to a special order as early as a week from to-
day—on Tuesday next?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from California if he will interpose objections
to the reference of this bill, if it should be taken
up, to the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I certainly shall.
Mr. HARLAN. There are several sections
of this bill that have been loosely drawn, as some
of the members of that committee think, and that
ought to go to that committee or some other com-
mittee for the purpose of correcting them. I will
call the attention of the Senate to one or two 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall be glad to hear
them when the bill comes up for discussion; but
I am satisfied of the efficiency of the bill as it is
drawn.
Mr. HARLAN. I will, without residing the
section, state merely that it is the opinion of some
members of the Committee on Public Lands that
under the tliiid seeLion as it now stands the com-
panies would be able to hold ail the military res-
ervations and every other quali ty or class of lands
that the Government of the United States may
have perfect title to on the entile line of the. road,
anil also that they would take title to the land along
the entire line of the road on the completion of the
first section or forty miles of the road. Then,
ao-aiti, there are special grants made ill the bill for
which the Committee on Public Lands see no rea-
son whatever. Under this latter suggestion, I
would refer the Senator from California to the nine-
teenth section, which proposes to grant to people
living in Nevada Territory title to all lands oil
which they may have settled, except mineral
lands.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A right to preempt only.
It is not a grant of land.
Mr. HARLAN. The section as proposed to
be amended by the select committee extends to
all "persons in possession of Government lands
in the Territory of Nevada at the time of the pas-
sage of this act, exceptmineral lands, or who may
under the laws of Congress have the constructive
right to the possession of one hundred and sixty
acres;" and the committee think that under that
provision anybody who might accidentally be in
the possession of a military reservation would be
able to hold it and secure title. I will make the
motion, if the bill shall be taken up, that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENTp-o tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted.—yeas 23, nays 16; as follows:
TEAS—Messro. Browning, Orlile, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
littlP, Italian, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Kennedy, La-
tham, MclJougall, Nesmith, l'uiueioy, I'owell, Salisbury,
Stark, Simmei, Trumbull. Wade, Wlliey, Wilson ol' Mis-
souri, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Mcsirt,. Anthony, Clink, Oollainer, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, fiowe, King, Morrill, Sher-
man, Kimmons, Ten Eyck, Wilkinson, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—16.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 364) to aid m the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to refer the bill
to 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not in
order until the bill has been read. It has never
yet been read at length. The first business is the
reading of the bill at length, unlessit be dispensed
with by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Would not a motion to refer
be in order at this stage?
The P11ES1 DENT pro tempore. Not until the
bill is read, unless the reading be dispensed with.
Mr. HARLAN. I move, then, thntihe reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom Iowa asks unanimous consent that the read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does that dispense with
the first reading of the bill entirely?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
been twice read by its title only; but when it is
called up for consideration, the first business in
order is the readmgof the bill for the information
of the Senate. That is the right of every mem-
ber, and can bo dispensed with only by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. COLLAMER. My inquiry is whether,
if we dispense with it now, we can insist on it
hereafter. . '
The PPvESlDENT pro tempore. Certainly;
and every Senator has a right to have a bill read
once before he is called upon to vote on it directly
or collateially.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had bet-
ter be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary commenced to read the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia wishes to be heard on it this morning, I do
not insist on the reading.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I intended to take the
floor to make some remarks oil it this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the case, I will
not insist on the reading.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I insist on it as against
the motion proposed by the Senator from Iowa,
because 1 do not ihmk it should be committed to
another committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
will state that the motion of the Senator from Iowa
will be in order, and will be put by the Chair as
soon as the bill shall have been read. The read-
ing of the bill can be dispensed with only by unan-
imous consent. No member is obliged to vote,
even on a motion to refer, which involves the con-
sideration of the bill, until it shall have been read.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Who has the floor on the
reading of the bill ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nobody has
the floor on the reading of a bill but the Secretary
who reads'it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I mean after the reading
of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will be on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, to refer it to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw my objection
to dispensing with the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo) e. Does any Sen-
ator demand the reading of this bill at length ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do, and I will state my
reasons. I think it very extraordinary that the
Senator from Iowa 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
is not at liberty to state reasons. It is sufficient
for him to interpose an objection, and the reading
must proceed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will proceed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg to suggest to the
honorable Senator from California that if he is
prepared to make his remarks on the bill, he can
make them now, on the motion to refer, as well
as on the bill itself, and it will save us the time
that would be consumed in listening to the read-
ing of the bill, which all of us have no doubt read.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
can be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is m order, I move
that the bill be postponed until some day next
week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
had recognized I he Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I have moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLARK. I rose at the same time with the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Iowa to
insist on the reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will proceed.
The Seeietary proceeded to read the bill, but
had not concluded when the hour of one o'clock
arrived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the further consideration
of this bill is superseded by the special order of
the day, which is the bill reported from the spe-
cial committee for the suppression of treason and
rebellion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. For a purpose which I
shall indicate, I move that the special order be
dispensed with, and that the consideration of this
bill be continued. 1 make the motion simply for
the purpose of making this remark: I rose here
about twenty minutes past twelve, desiring to oc-
cupy about half an hour in explaining some mat-
ters with regard to the general character of this
bill, without expecting action,and not expecting
to occupy more than half an hour at the furthest.
1 think that it was due to the committee which I
represent, that their general views and the gen-
eral character of the bill should be stated, so that
the Senate might understand its general features.
I will not interfere now with the business of the
day, but I shall, for the same purpose that i have
stated, on the first opportunity, again seek the
floor to briefly state the general character of the
bill, so that Senators may understand what it is
and what it amounts to. I withdraw the motion.
PUNISHMENT OF TREASON AND 11UB15LLI0N.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo le. The bill (S.
No. 310) to suppress nisuriection and to punish
treason and rebellion, and for other purposes, is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. The pending questions aie, first, a mo-
tion to strike out the ninth section of the original
bill, and to that section the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mi. Wij.son] moved an amendment,
upon which the question must be taken before the
