1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The sum of $10,000, which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania says is already appropriated by the
bill, would be wholly inadequate for this purpose
if it were to be applied to it.
I withdraw my amendment, and hope that of
the gentleman from Minnesota will be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. VANDEVER. I desire, at this point of
the bill, to offer the following amendment:
Provided, That the money herein appropriated for the
prosecution of the surveys of the public lands In Dakota
Territory be expended under the direction of the surveyor
genera! of Wisconsin and Iowa, and that the surveyor gen-
eraJ's office for Dakota be, and the same is hereby, abol-
ished.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
The law fixes the placc where this money shall
be disbursed, and the amendment is a change of
the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. VANDEVER. I will modify my amend-
ment so that it will read:
Provided, That the money herein appropriated for the
prosecution of the surveys of the puhhc lands in Dakota
Territory be expended under the direction of the surveyor
general of Missouri and Iowa.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in
order, and is not open to the objection made
against the previous one.
Mr. VANDEVER. Mr. Chairman, I offer this
amendment in good faith, and as a measure of
economy. The surveyor general's office of the
Territory of Dakota, previous to the last session,
was not in existence. It was a far-distant field of
operations, under the control of the surveyor gen-
eral of Wisconsin and Iowa. I think that this
new office may as well be abolished, and its duties
be allowed to revert back to the old office. It will
be a great saving to the Government; it will be a
saving of the entire expense nowpaid for the sup-
port and maintenance of the officc of the surveyor
general of Dakota.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa should be adopted, would
not the office at Dakota still remain? The sur-
veyor general and his clerks would still draw their
pay; there is no doubt of it.
Mr. VANDEVER. I suppose, if my amend-
mend were to pass, that would soon be provided
for. If there were no duties to be discharged,
Congress would not long leave the office in exist-
ence. I want to save this money, which, I think,
is now unnecessarily expended. The Committee
on Public Lands inquired into this matter, and
they have inquired into it also at this session; but,
as yet, they have been unable to take any action
on it because of the many other questions which
have pressed upon them. I have only mentioned
the matter now in order that the House may come
to some determination on the point. I hope that
it will be determined that this appropriation shall
be expended by the surveyor geneial of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa, and that this office in Dakota shall
hereafter be abolished.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Chairman, I will
go as far as any man in order to reduce the ex-
penses of the Government; but the proposition of
the gentleman from Iowa does not, upon its face,
reduce them a single dollar. Ifs effect will be
merely to provide that the lands in Dakota to be
surveyed shall be surveyed under the direction
of the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa.
The office in Dakota is not abolished, but will still
remain as it now is; and if there are any lands
to be surveyed in Dakota, they will be surveyed
under the clirection of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa at the same rates as if they
were surveyed under the direction of the surveyor
general of Dakota. There wiil be no saving of
expense, then, if this amendment be adopted.
Even if there would be, I doubt the policy of abol-
ishing this office. It is necessary in all new Ter-
ritories that there should be a surveyor general,
in order to inaugurate a system of public land
surveys. The gentleman's amendment is really
of no effect; and if it were to have for ifs effect the
abolition of the surveyorgeneral office in Dakota, <
it would be, I think, a very unwise measure.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the necessary expenses of carrying into effect the act
of July 17,1861, and the act of August 5,1861, in addition
• to the appropriations made by those acts, $150,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether that appropriation is for the preparation
of dies, and for the printing of Treasury notes?
Mr. STEVENS. This is to supply a deficiency
in the appropriation made last session for that
purpose. The next appropriation is for a similar
purpose for the next year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought so. I move to
strike out what the Clerk has just read. This
appropriation is to make up a deficiency in a for-
mer appropriation for the engraving and printing
of these Treasury notes. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a fact which may be import-
ant in determining whether my motion shall pre-
vail or not. If gentlemen will look over the report
of the Van Wyck investigating committee, they
will find some curious developments on this sub-
ject. As there stated, I understand the facts to be
as follows: the American Bank Note Company and
the National Bank Note Company, constituting,
as 1 understand, in reality only one company, fur-
nish these Treasury notes. They had submitted
a certain bid to the Treasury Department as the
price at which they would furnish them. Mr.
Ormsby also made a bid to the Treasury Depart-
ment, and from week to week he was promised
an interview with the gentleman connected with
that Department—probably Mr. Harrington; and
when at last he did get an interview, he was told
that the matter had passed from the control of the
Treasury Department, and was transferred to
some gentleman in New York city. And when
he reached that city lie found that the contract for
furnishing these notes had been awarded to the
companies I have already named. This is one of
the cases where the Government has not allowed
fair and honest competition, and where, on the
contrary, it has exhibited partiality and favorit-
ism. I ask that a paragraph from the report of
the Van Wyck investigating committee may be
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"To show the manner of letting the contracts referred
to, the witness says : 41 found, upon inquiiy at the proper
office, that a cueular had been issued by the Treasury
Department to the National iianlc Note Company and the
American Hank Note Company, asking them to submit
specimens of Treasury notes ami bonds aecoidmgto accom-
panying specifications. Then followed a description of
whatthey wanted. VVe having had no such notice, of course
could not compete with them; and Mi. Otmshy submitted
to the Treasury Department, with specimens of his work,
and with his iceommendations, the statement taken hom
the New Yoik papers of the airest, by the marshal, of the
officers of those companies, which contained a minute state-
ment of the Mxe of the plate-, the number of the platoy for
the treasury notes and bonds lor the southern confederacy,
which tho.->e companies had been enslaving. Soon after
that, Mr. Wood, the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds, came to me am! said he wanted to see me, and
proposed to take a walk. I consented, and we walked out
into the street, went up towards theTieas nybuilding,aiid
sat down upon some flagging stone. lie said to me : <k 1 un-
derstand yon are here; with Oimsby, trying to get work from
the Government in the way of engiaving. I want to tell
you, as a luend, that theie is no use at all of your trying ;
that the work will be given to the American Bank Note
Company and the Natrona! Bank Note Company." I re-
plied, " How is that? I have as good a right as anybody."
u I will tell you why," he said. 11 Between you and ine, I
am interested in the American Bank Note Company my-
self, and have been at woik for them here, and have got
things all right; and JJennison, the naval ofticm of New
Vork, and hit-friends, F. P. James and William H. Marston,
are interested in the National Bank Note Company, and
they have got the thing figured all right." T said to Mr.
Wood, " Mr. Wood, I don't know how this thing is, but I
have been in Washington several times to try to get appoint-
ments. or to supply the Government with something they
wanted; and although i have offered to do or furnish as
cheap 01 cheaper than otherpaities, 1 get no kind of atten-
tion, and tin se thing-* are managed m such a wav as to shut
out men who should have a fan chance. I have come now,
and brought with me a small steel rifled cannon, of which
there are twenty-five in one battery." 1 gave him a descrip-
tion of the gun. lie lephed, " 1 can help j*ou to do that; I
can put you in the wav of doing that. What do jou want
lor them f" I &ard, u They were built by contract three or
four years ago, for the Mexican Government, for ,$1,175
each, but I am authorized to sell them for $500 each." Says
he, Well, I can help you in that matter. Bay nothing about
the puce; we can make something out of that. If the Gov-
ernment wants them, they can as well affoid to pay more
as less. I will take you down and introduce you to Mr. Les-
ley , the chief cleik of the Wat Department." I said I had as
yet been unable to reach anybody in the War Department.' "
Mr. HOLMAN. The steps with a view to the
removal of an unworthy public official were antici-
pated by the refusal of the Senate to confirm his
appointment.
In addition to that testimony, I am informed
that an interview was promised with this gentle-
man, Mr. Ormsby, by a gentleman connected with
the Treasury Department; and, as I have already
said, when \\f went to fulfill his engagement by-
going to that interview, he was told that the whole
subject had been transferred to Mr. Cisco in New
Yorlc—1 believe that he is the sub-Treasurer there.
And when Mr. Ormsby went to New York ;he<
was told that the contract had already been given;
out.
I am not authorized to say from the testimony,
that his bid was lower than that of the National'
or American Bank Note Companies; butit is eiri-,
dent that there was a strange failure to perihit a
fair competition. I assert it as a fact based upon
the testimony taken, that there was a manifest
partiality in the manner in which the contract was "
made. These two companies—in reality only
one, as T am informed—were advised of the let-
ting, and so advised as to cut olf all competition.
I would like to have the chairman of die Com-
mittee of Ways and Means state what was the
sum appropriated at the last session of Congress
for the purpose of preparing these Treasury notes ?
Mr. STEVENS. About one hundred thou-
sand dollars to each company.
Mr. COX. It was $200,000 in the first case,
and $100,000 in the second.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. '
Mr. HOLMAN. So, then, the appropriations
for the preparation of these Treasury notes
amount already to $300,000, and yet we are asked
to appropriate $150,000 additional. It may be
fairly inferred, from the facts stated, supposing
the testimony reliable, that the absence of fair
and honest competition is the cause of this pres-
ent deficiency. That may be fairly inferred be-
cause it is stated that the gentleman navingcharge
of this business at the time made an estimate upon
what was considered a reasonable basis, and upon
that estimate the former appropriations were
made. I therefore ask that this $150,OOOadditional
be not granted. The public interest will not
suffer, while great justice may arise by the post-
ponement of this subject to a later day. For that
reason I have made my motion to strike out.
Mr. STEVENS. If 1 understand the condi-
tion of this matter, the application now made for
$150,000 is to defray the expenses of preparing
these Treasury notes. Now, if there has been
a misappropriation of the money which has al-
ready been granted, if there has been fraud and
peculation in its disposition, it is proper to have
that investigated, and the fraud brought to light.
If the gentleman or the House thinks, from the
testimony before them, that the executive officers
of this Department are not to be intrusted with
the making of contracts, and disposing of this
money, it will be fair for them to say so, and to
test that question by a motion of a want of con-
fidence. But, unless that is done, this appropri-
ation must be granted, or a further issue of Treas-
ury notes, which it is necessary to issue every
day, must be suspended.
Now, sir, I understand that in truth there was
but one company in the United States fully compe-
tent to do this work, to proceed to it at once, ana to
do it in a proper manner. Whether they have been
paid too much, I do not know. I am well aware
that there are great frauds perpetrated in giving
out contracts; but I have not the highest respect
for investigations which are wholly ex parte; which
were not founded upon evidence, but upon the
declaration of somebody to somebody else through
somebody else. Now, that is the case here.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow me to corrcct the gen-
tleman. The testimony is not quite so remote.
The testimony of the party I have read is a party
in the city of Washington attempting to approach
the Government for the purpose of competing for
this work. He is the person who had the con-
versation with an officer of the Government, who
finally asserted that he was connected with one
company, while the other gentleman was con-
nected with another. The testimony, if it is to
be relied on, is not hearsay, but direct.
Mr. STEVENS. I supposed it was hearsay,
when it is stated that a certain man, in no way con-
nected with this contract, asserted certain things.
Who is Wood? He had nothing to do with tins
contract. There is no evidence of that. He might
have been somelobbyingagentwho wanted to get
rid of a competitor, and who might have asserted
things which had no foundation in fact. I have
therefore no respect for the testimony, and i can-
not say that I know well enough who Wood is
