1862.
THE :.OQ^filtESSI-OMAL/ GLOBE.
3179
osition. The Senator from Iowa claims that his
bill makes a reduction, as it does make a reduc-
tion on the lower grades of line officers; and yet
he leaves the pay of the non-combatants, who can
be hired in the city of New York to fill your Navy
at two thirds of the price fixed by this bill, as it
no\b is. It seems to me, if we strike offihe pay
of any portion of the Navy, it should be of this
class of officers. I will venture the assertion that
the paymasters of the Navy are now paid fully fifty
per cent, more than persons as competent, as weJI
able to discharge the duties, could be hired for in
the city of New York at this time. They are offi-
cers for life; they are officers whose duties are easily
learned; simply those of aclertfor paymaster.
The position of a surgeon also is one that is
merely professional. I believe they cut off the leg
of a naval officer on precisely the same principles
that they would cut off the leg of an Army officer
or a civilian in private life. A surgeon in private
life could be employed in the>city of New York
for less than the rates provided for in this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. How much do you suppose
you could employ a competent man for?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the pay
here provided is ample for the purpose:
Surgerons, when at sea, shall receive, for the first five
years after date of commission, $^,000; for the sccond five
j-ears after date of commission, $2,200; for the third five
years after date of commission, $2,400.
They also receive one ration; and it being an
office for life, I have no doubt you would have
more than fifty applications of intelligent surgeons,
who have their diplomas in their pockets, for every
surgeon you have to appoint.
Now, in regard to the other measures of reduc-
tion, I did, at an early period of the session, in-
troduce several bills, and tried to pass them, but
failed. The proposition to reduce all salaries ten
per cent, failed also. In my judgment, this Con-
gress would have done itself credit if it had as-
sumed a portion of the burdens that we must all
share alike; and if we had made some self-sacri-
fice, it would have been to our credit; but! de-
spair of that. Every proposition of that kind
failed directly or indirectly, and, as a matter of
course, we mustabandon that; butl do not think
that therefore we ought to abandon any effort hon-
estly made to reduce or equalize the pay of the
officers of the Government. Here is a proposi-
tion to reduce the pay; of the non-combatants of
the naval service, to give them a pay amply suffi-
cient to procure suitable persons for the offices,
and I hope the Senate will adhere to it. This
amendment, I will say, has been fully considered.
It was acted upon first by the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Thomson,] who is not now in his
seat, and myself, and submitted to the Naval Com-
mittee. It.has borne the test of every person
interested, who has examined it, and they are
familiar with its provisions. I believe the grade
of officers has been fairly rated, so that their rel-
ative proportionsare preserved. 1 have no doubt
the amount of pay prescribed by the bill would
be ample; and there is nota single paymaster, or
surgeon, or any officer here named, who would
resign in consequence of this deduction.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no very great pro-
priety in comparing the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio with the proposition that I submitted,
because that is not now under consideration. The
question now is upon the amendment submitted
by the Committee on Naval Affairs through its
chairman. It is true that the amendment I sub-
mitted the other day, and which did not meet the
approbation of the Senate, did reduce the pay of
officers of the Navy when they were ashore and
doing nothing; but it increased their pay when
they were afloat and were serving the country, and
were not only compelled to support themselves
afloat, but to maintain their families ashore. It
seemed to me there was an evident propriety in
increasing their pay while they were away from
home bearing up the flag of their country, and
reducing it while they were at home and doing
nothing.
Now, sir,the Committee on Naval Affairs have
changed the proposition in regard to the sea pay
of line officers, and I am going to acquiesce in it
for the sake of getting the balance of the bill, be-
cause I think it of very great importance to the
country and to the service that the bill should pass;
but I do not think there is any propriety in at-
taching to it this proposition of the Senator from
Ohio! If the Senator from Ohio will examine his
proposition, he will observe that he includes some
of the most important officers in the Navy. There
is no pay at all fixed for assistant paymasters, and
yet they are really a very efficient and important
class of officers.
- Mr. SHERMAN. They are left with the pres-
ent pay, I think, $1,300.
Mr. GRIMES. They are not named in the
bill at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. And therefore they remain
with their present pay.
Mr. GRIMES, under tjie present organization
of the Navy, the most important under some cir-
cumstances certainly, and the third most import-
ant officer on board a ship under any circum-
stances, is the engineer. They compose a class of
persons whom it is the duty of this Government
to uphold and to sustain. It is the civil branch of
the Government; and yet, under this bill, you do
not give^as good pay to your lower grades of en-
gineers as you give to your petty officers, your
boatswains, carpenters, gunners, and sailmakers.
Third assistant surgeons when on duty—that is
at sea, compelled to support their families on
shore and themselves on shipboard—under this
provision are to receive $675 a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The third assistant engi-
neers are generally boys.
Mr. GRIMES. They are young men who have
been thoroughly educated, and have passed a
thorough examination before they can receive
their commissions. They cannotgo in the service
until thfcy have reached a certain period of life,
and that years of maturity.
Mr. HARRIS. The Navy Department cannot
get enough of them now to supply the demand in
the present crisis.
Mr. GRIMES. Yourengineers would all resign
ifthis bill should be enacted into a law. They are
getting more pay on merchant steamers and in
the factories that are propelled by steam engines.
Your second assistant engineer, a man who has
passed his second examination under this bill,
only receives $900. A firstassistantengineer only
receives $1,100. He is a man who is pretty well
advanced in life. He is a man who has passed
through three grades, undergone three several
separate examinations, and passed them all satis-
factorily to the board thatexamined him; and yet
after having done all that, and after having served
the country ten or fifteen years, you only give
him $1,100 to support himself on shipboard and
his family on shore. It is just so with your sur-
geons. This bill gives to an assistant surgeon,
an educated man, $1,100. In other words, the
whole of these propositions just take off about
twenty per cent, from the present pay of the Navy,
and the present pay of the Navy is twenty-five per
cent, less than that paid to the relative grades in
the Army. I think it is manifestly unjust to the
Navy, and will be such a blow as ought not to be
struck at them.
Now one word in regard to these officers being
non-combatants. They are non-combatants; that
is to say, they have not a military position on
board of a ship; but I apprehend there are no more
important officers on board your ship than your
paymaster, your surgeon, and your engineer. The
engineer is the most important of all. Many of
them are men of eminence in their profession;
many of them are as scientific men as can be found
anywhere. It is said you can get a clerk to per-
form the duties of paymaster for less than we pay
a paymaster, which is $1,200. A paymaster is
obliged to give a large bond to the Government to
indemnify it against any losses which maybe sus-
tained by his malfeasance in office. He has the
custody of the public money; he has the custody
of an immense amount of public property. All
the stores of the ship are in his hands. In addi-
tion to the value of his service, 1 think he ought
to have something for the risk that he incurs; and
yet we only pay him §1,200. If there is any class
of officers that are paid less than their services are
worth, it occurs to me it is these very officers
whose salaries it is proposed to reduce by this
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs was to add as a new section:
Sec. 17. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That whenever any
officer of the Navy, of a class subject by law or regulation
to examination before promotion to a higher gfade, shall
hav^ been absent on duty at the time when he should have
been examined, and shall have been found qualified at a
subsequent examination, the increased rate ot pay to which
he may be entitled shall be allowed to him from the date
when he would have received it had he been found Quali-
fied at the time when his examination should have taken
place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in calculating
the graduated pay of boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and
sailmakers in the Navy, as established by the act above
mentioned, the sea service shall be computed from the dates
of their appointments or entry into the service in their re-
spective grades in lieu of the dates of their warrants.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The-amend-
ments reported from the committee have all been
considered. The bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amendment
as an additional section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That all officers, while
at sea, or attached to a sea-going vessel, shall be allowed
one ration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer another amendment to
insert as a new section:
Sec. —. Jlndbe it further enacted, That admirals, com-
modores, lieutenant commanders, 1 ieutenants, masters, and
ensigns, on the retired list of the Navy, shall receive the
same pay and rations as authorized to the officers of the
Army (according to their respective ranks) by the act of
Congress approved August 3, 1861, that is to say: admirals
the same as major generals, commodores the same as brig-
adier generals, lieutenant commanders the same as majors,
lieutenants the same as captains, masters the same as first
lieutenants, and ensigns the same as second lieutenants in
the Army.
Mr. HALE. The amendment that has been
proposed by the Senator from Iowa, to my mind
introduces a very vicious system into the Navy
that used to exist, and which was abolished by
the law of 1835, and has never prevailed in the
Navy since. It is a system that has prevailed in
the Army, and which, in my humble sphere, I
havefoughtagainstever since I have had the honor
of a seat in either House of Congress. My effort
has constantly been to put in a fixed sum what
the officer shall rcccive; that these allowances
of double rations, forage, commutation, servants,
and everything of that sort should be stricken out,
and the officers of the Navy should receive a fixed
sum, which we should know how to pay and know
what we pay, and not have it covered up in this
way. As I said, this system was abandoned in
the Navy in 1835, and never has prevailed since,
except simply the allowance of a single ration.
The argument may be that these officers that you
now create have rank given them by this bill with
the officers by whoso rations it is now proposed
to measure the rations which Navy officers are to
receive. To my mind, the argument has no force.
We ought to get rid of it in the Army instead of
introducing it into the Navy, and if you introduce
this system into the Navy, you will have a new
fortification to an old abuse, and it will go on
increasing.
Now, sir, this whole system of paying retired
officers, I am not going to say a word about or
against; but it is a spccics of pensions and noth-
ing else. It is based upon the idea that the officer
has faithfully served his country as long as he can
servcit,and then theGovernment retire him upon
honorable pay; and the pay is honorable and lib-
eral. Instead of introducing this system into the
Navy, and paying these old retired admirals and
commodores rations measured, by what the offi-
cers of the Army receive, the true sy tem is to cut
the whole thing up by the roots, and not allow
it to a single officer; but pay youi officer as you
pay your President, as you pay other employes
of thfi Government, a fixed sum, and not do it in
this indirect way. I should regret, more than any
act that has been passed since 1 have been a mem-
ber of Congress, the introduction of this system
into the Navy. It is going backward. It is like
the shadow on the dial-plate, turning back instead
of going forward, and I do hope it will not be
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think the Senator from
New Hampshire will find a great deal of difficulty
