1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
charge d'affaires and the Secretary of the Navy,
concerning the case of the bark Jorgen Lorent-
zen, a Danish vessel, seized on her voyage from
Rio Janerio to Havana by the United States ship
Morning Light and subsequently released; and
recommending the appropriation of the amount of
the award of the referees; which, on motion of
Mr. Sumner, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of Harvey
C. Marks, late postmaster at Somerset, Pennsyl-
vania; praying for a settlement of his accounts,
and the discharge of a judgment obtained against
him in the district court of the United States for
the western district of Pennsylvania; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,
He also presented the petition of Daniel We-
y&nd and John D. Roddy, sureties of Ilarvcy C.
Marks, late postmaster at Somerset, Pennsylva-
nia, praying to be released from their liability on
Marks's official bond and from the payment of a
judgment obtained thereon; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of wives,
sisters, and daughters of Pennsylvania volunteers,
residing in Warren and Crawford counties, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the total abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the memorial of
James Craig, as agent for certain banks and sav-
ings associations in the State of Missouri, pray-
ing for the payment of certain bills of exchange,
known as the Floyd acceptances; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented
a petition of the Massachusetts Homoeopathic
Medical Society, praying for the appointment of
homoeopathic surgeons m the Army and Navy;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the memorial of
Henry C. Wilson, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill extending the patent of J. G.
Mini, for the manufacture of lampblack; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
OPENING OS1 SIXTH STTUSICT WEST.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
0)dcrc<U That the SoereUiy !>c dueetcd to icqueM the
Ilon^e of Representatives to return to the Senate. the hill
(S. No. 2*26) authorizing the opening ot' Sixth street wej't,
which parked the Senate jeslerdu}.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives returning to the Senate
the bill (S. No. 226) authorizing the opening of
Sixth street west, agreeably to its iequcst;'and
Mr. Pessenden moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and the motion was
entered.
reports tfrom committees.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 260) making appropriations for the current
and eontwgentexpen.ses of the Indian department,
iirul for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1863,
reported it without amendment.
papjors withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it was
Ordered, Th.it the memorial of Lieutenant J. L. Biowne,
of the United Staffs marine coips, on the tiles of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Naval Allair&.
committee service.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Vice Presi-
dent be authorized to fill the vacancy on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands occasioned by the absence
of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Joiintsojt.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice Pres-
ident appointed Mr. Wright.
stevens's battery.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Navy bo directed to
communicate to the Senate, copies of all contracts made
with Robert L. Stevens tor the construction of a steam
floating buttery, with a Mittement of all payments and ad-
vances made to said fcHeven^ upon said con U acts; and also
to furnish the Senate with a copy of the report of the com-
missioners appointed to examine the same battery under
the joint resolution appioved July 24,1801.
bill introduced.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
23?) to remove all disqualification of color in car-
rying the mails; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Offices
and Post Roads.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr.NicoLAY,his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 15th instant, the following acts and resolutions:
An act (S. No. 80) to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Columbian Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind,"
and to make appropriations for the benefit thereof;
An act (S. No. 150) for a joint commission for
the preservation of the Atlantic fisheries;
A resolution (S. No. 54) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to carry into effect conventions
between the United States and the republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica;" and
A resolution (S. No. 57) providing for the cus-
tody of the letlei and gifts from the King of Siam.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill; which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (II. R. No. 353) to piovide for the ap-
pointment of clerks itt the office of the Assistant
Treasurer at Boston, to fix thcirsalaries, and pro-
vide for the absence of the Assistant Treasurer,
and for other purposes.
command of troops.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Afiaiis and
the Militia, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 68) to authorize the President to
assign the command of troops m the same field or
department to officers of the same grade without
regard to seniority, to report it back with an
amendment. I should like to have the joint res-
olution put on its passage now. I do not think
there will be any objection to it.
Tl)p joint resolution was considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. The amendment of the
Military Committee was to strike out the following
words:
Ami he may de-ninn fiom the .service, at his discretion,
without the henfiice of a court-martial, any officer of the
Armv, when in fii.- judgment the efficiency of the service
wili be piomoted thereby.
Mr.COLLAMER. I suggest to the committee
whether the word "Army" there should not be
stricken out and the provision made to include the
volunteers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We pro-
pose to strike out the clause so as not to raise the
question.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint icsolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have thejoint
resolution read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, , That whenever nnlitaty operations may
icquire the pioenee ot two ot more officeis of the same
stade m the f>atne field or depaituient, the PiKMdenr may
n^iirn the command of the foiccs m such held or depait-
ment without regard to &enioiity oi'iank.
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
prize law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Seriate
pioceed to the consideration of House bill No.
279, which was reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary yesterday, with two or three slight
amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 279) to facilitate judicial proceedings in adju-
dications upou captured property, and for the
better administration of the law of prize, was
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
The first section provides that whenever any
property captured as prize shall be brought into
any district of the United States for adjudication,
it shall be the duty of the prize commissioners
forthwith to receive, seal, and safely keep the
same until process shall be issued out of the court,
under which it shall be placed in the custody of
the marshal. The prize commissioners, at the
time of taking possession, and from time to time
pending the adjudication, are to examine into the
condition of the property, and report to the court
if the same, or any part thereof, be perishing or
perishable, or deteriorating in value; and if the
same be so found by the court, upon the report
or other evidence, the court may thereupon order
an interlocutory sale by the marshal, and the de-
posit of the gross proceeds of the sale in the regis-
try of the court, to abide the final decree, whether
a claim to the property has or has not been inter-
posed. The prize commissioners are also to
receive from the prize master ail papers and doc-
uments, and forthwith to proceed to take the test-
imony of the witnesses prescribed by law, pur-
suant to the rules and under the intenogatorios
adopted by the court, and separately from each
other and unattended by counsel, and the papers,
documents, and testimony they are securely to
seal with their seals, and as soon as practicable
deposit in the registry of the court; and thereafter,
promptly and without unnecessary delay, the
court is to proceed to the hearing and adjudica-
tion.
The second section provides that all reasonable
and proper claims and charges for pilotage, tow-
age, wharfage, storage, insurance, and other ex-
penses incident to the bringing in and safe custody
and sale of the property captured as prize, shall
be a charge upon the same, and having been au-
dited and allowed by the court, shall, in the event
of a decree of condemnation or of restitution, on
payment of costs, be paid out of the proceeds of
any sale of the property, final or interlocutory, in
the custody of the court. In case of a decree of
restitution upon payment of costs, where no sale
has been made, such charges and expenses arc
to constitute part of the costs to be paid by the
claimant.
By the third section the prize commissioners,
and the district attorney acting for the United
States, and the counsel for the captors, are to be
entitled to receive a just and suitable compensa-
tion for their several and respective services in
each prize case or proceeding, to be adjusted and
determined by the court upon due consideration
of the facts and circumstances of each case and
of the services actually rendered; and the same,
when so adjusted, is, m case of final condemna-
tion or restitution on payment of costs, to be paid
out of the pioceeds of the prize property in the cus-
tody of the court, or, when no sale has been made,
in whole or in part, as the court may direct, by
the claimant.
The fourth section provides that whenever a
final decree of condemnation of property captured
as prize shall have been made, unless an interlo-
cutory sale has been made as before provided for,
the property shall be sold by the United States
marshal pursuant to the practice and proceedings
in admiralty, and the gross proceeds of the sale
be forthwith deposited m court; and thereupon
the prize commissioners are to proceed, under the
direction of the couit, tu take the requisite evi-
dence to determine the, rights of parties as distrib-
utees of the prize proceeds, and report to the court;
and as soon as practicable thereafter a final decree
of distribution is to be made, and within thirty
days after the entry of the same the clerk of the
couit is to tiansmit to the Treasury of the United
States the moneys so deposited in court, together
with a certified copy of tne decree of distribution,
after deducting the costs of court and the charges
and expenses before provided for.
The fifth section makes the provisions of this
act applicable as well to cases now pending as to
all future cases of maritime captures, and to cap-
tures and seizures made under the laws for the
abolition of the slave trade.
The first amendment of the Judiciary Commit-
tee was in section one, line eighteen, to strike out
the words 44 final decree," and insert44 further or-
der of the court;" so as to make the clause read:
The court may thereupon rule an interlocutory pale there-
of by the United States inaishai and the deposit ot thegioss
proceeds of such sale in the iegi->try of the couit, to abide
tiie further oider of the couit, whether a clanu to taid prop-
el ty has or has not been interposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
