1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2221
but just as that immortal instrument came from
the hands of its framers, that slavery should be
given up, and should be sacrificed, I would not
hesitate at the sacrifice one moment of time. If
the sacrifice, now and forever, of all the foreign
shipping and trade of the United States were ne-
cessary as the price of the preservation of the
Union, it would be cheap to pay that price. But
1 do not believe that there is any such necessary
condition. Sir, slavery has existed in the colo-
nies and in the United States of America for more
than two hundred years. There was a time
when slavery existed in every State in the Union,
and never, according to my reading or my recol-
lection, did it become a disturbing subject between
the people of the different States of the United
States until, about thirty years since, in ail evil
hour, it was introduced into the Congress of the
United States, and mto national politics. Previous
to that time it had given no disturbance to the
Federal or State governments, or to the people of
the States. It never should have come upon that
arena. I think that the men who brought it there
have called down upon their country more of the
waters of bitterness, greater calamity, and a more
inconceivable amount of evil, than any men ever
did in relation to any other matter; and I believe,
with as much confidence as I do any fact deduced
from reason and experience, that if this apple of
discord had been kept out of the Congress of
the United States, this country would not now
be in its present deplorable condition of civil war,
but that it would be as peaceful, happy, and pros-
perous, and careering on as gloriously to its high
destiny as it was ten years ago. Banish the dis-
cussion of this subject from the national arena;
let the people of the free States leave it with those
who have it as their own affair, and the halcyon
days of national fraternity and peace will return,
and abide with us as they did for one hundred and
seventy years.
But the evil is upon us; and the question that
addresses itself to practical men is, how is it to be
met? The Union men of Kentucky have always
entertained and declared, and it has been my
own sentiment, which I have spoken to my people
many times, that secession was a remedy for no
evil, that it aggravated all other evils, and in ad-
dition to that aggravation, it would introduce an
untold number of other evils; and our bitter ex-
perience is proving that to be true. I there said,
and I have said openly and hundreds of times,
that if the proposition were put to me as a citizen
of Kentucky, " will you acceptsecession upon any
terms?" I would accept it upon no terms; that I
held any Government with that principle utterly
worthless; that I never would, under any state of
fact, become a secessionist, and I never would
permit the southern confederation to claim me as
one of its citizens. I now leiterate that language,
and that language and that sentiment I will live
by and I will die by.
In expressing these opinions and sentiments I
utter nothing peculiar to myself. I am a repre-
sentative mail in giving utterance to them; I rep-
resent the people, the Union people of the State
of Kentucky. But the Union people nf Kentucky
require anothercontlition, that is, that the Consti-
tution shall not be changed; that while you are
protecting the Constitution and the Government
against the southern secedersand confederates, no
power in the United States, except the people
thereof, and in the mode pi escribed by it, shall
change or alter the Constitution; that the Union
shall be restored as it was, and that the Constitu-
tion shall be upheld and supported as Washington
and Fianldin and Sherman, and other great men
who acted with them, made it, and they will con-
sent to no Union upon any other terms or condi-
tions. .
Sir, the Constitution is the bond of our Union;
it is the covenant and terms of our Union; it is
the condition upon which the Union was formed;
and whenever that bond is cut asunder in its ma-
terial principles and provisions, the Constitution
becomes like the old man's bundle of sticks; it
falls to pieces, and the Union is disrupted, and dis-
lupled forever. It is the magic chain which holds
the Union together and perpetuates it. It was
constructed by artificeis ill politics and statesman-
ship that have never had equals. It was made once,
and I hope not only for once, but for forever;
but whenever this bond of Union is severed and
broken into fragments, it is broken to be mended
no more. There is not now on earth, arid there
never will be, in my humble opinion upon earth
again, enough of wisdom, of patriotism, and of
public virtue to frame such an instrument of Gov-
ernment, or to reconstruct that Constitution when
it is broken into severed and disjected fragments.
I have said, Mr. President, again and again,
and I here repeat, that I feel it to be as much my
duty as a man,as a Senator, as an American citi-
zen, as a ftiend devoted to my countiy and my
Government, to resist the warfare made upon the
Constitution of the United States in these Halls,
or anywhere, as I feel it my duty to resist the arms
of Jeff Davis and his followers, who would put
it down by lawless and unjust revolution. I re-
gard both the hosts—the one with arms in their
hands; the other, if you please, under the guise
of philanthropy and humanity, or any other
guise—that make war upon the Constitution as
traitors. I regard them both as enemies to their
country. I and you, sir, are sworn to support the
Constitution of the United States. We cannot
keep that oath by folding our arms supinely and
permitting Davis and his followers to put it at de-
fiance by force of arms, and to disrupt the Union
at the point of the bayonet. I believe, on the
other hand, if we sit by and see men sworn and
professing to support it, assailing and sapping it
m the assumed cause of humanity and justice
upon the notion of a higher law, we are equally
false and traitorous to our oaths, to our Govern-
ment, and our country. They are both equally
assaults upon the Union, the Constitution, and
the Government. An open, brave, defiant assault
with arms in hand; men appearing as public ene-
mies, proclaiming themselves as such, and march-
ing as conquerors, if you please, upon a prostrate
Constitution and Government, we can all under-
stand, and we can all appreciate and meet such an
attack. But the guise, the dangerous guise, un-
der which constitutional government and constitu-
tional liberty and popular rights arc assailed,and
always have been assailed, is some delusive pre-
text, as in th'j case of the southern lebels. When
the pretext is made, and so managed, to cover the
attack, if it is in truth an attack, every true friend
of the country and of the Government is as much
bound to meet it as he is the attack by open arms.
Mr. President, this second line of policy has a
great many followers. I wish it had none. I
wish the deluded people who have given them-
selves up openly and defiantly to it could be in-
duced by some motives, by some lights offered
to thorn, by their own reflection, or by the inspi-
rations of that Provide nee which has hitherto ruled
the destinies of this country, to come back to the
fold of the Constitution. 1 have been taught to
believe, and I suppose it is so, that Providence
always works by means, by agencies, and I sup-
pose if this work is to be done at all, it is to be
done by the agency of men. If men are to be
its agents tliey must adopt the measures meet,
proper, needful, and indispensable to the end. 1
hope that such measures may be adopted. It
would bo uncandid in me to say that I hope they
will be adopted by the present Congress. _ 1 have
no such hope. 1 did come heie cherishing that
hope, hugging it, drawing upon it for the inspiring
vision of the restoration of the American Repub-
lic, of a return of our people to fraternity, to
union, to peace; but oh! how bitterly has that
hope been disappointed. I cherish it no longer.
I have hugged it to my bosom tenaciously and
long as I could, but I iiave been forced to yield
my convictions to the current of events and con-
gressional legislation. I believed thatif the mod-
erate, conservative, able, and true men of this
Congress would throw the extreme, the fanatical,
the ambitious, and the unprincipled from them,
and would disenthrall themselves of such an in-
cubus as Sinbad did when he threw the old man
of the mountain fiom li is neck, they would be equal
to the work of the deliverance of this Government
and of this country. Mr. President, theie is a
majoi lty of the men of this Senate who 1 believed
to be fully competent to that work, if they would,
in truth and in heart and in sincerity here under-
take it; but if they are to undertake it with any
hope of success, they must do it in singleness of
heart; they must disentangle themselves fiom the
extreme and violent men who have foisted them-
selves upon the moderate, constitutional, consei v-
ative portion of the Republican party for the pur-
pose of clutching its power, and by theirnumbeis
and strength striking for the possession of the
Government and all ofits high offices and its impe-
rial revenues. If the moderate, reasonable, con-
servative Republicans of the two Houses of Con-
gress would thus deliver themselves, and look
alone to the Constitution, to the voice of the past,
to their own reason, to their own hearts, to their
own devotion to the Constitution, and the,ir own
love of country—if they would thus address them-
selves to the work anil undertake it, I should be
cheered more than I ever was in the course of my
life, because I should have full assurance of my
country's deliverance.
But, Mr. President, I have been forced to come
to the conclusion that these gentlemen will not
act this part, and, coming to that conclusion, my
last, great, bright, strong hope is upon the Amer-
ican people, without regard to party names, sec-
tions, or localities; men who acknowledge in their
hearts, and m their heart of hearts, the title of
American citizen, their obligations to the Consti-
tution, and own the whole country as their coun-
try, and are willing to burst all party shackles
and to devote themselves to the good of that whole
country, and disregarding their own sections and
the prejudices of their own sections and of their
own people, come up to the great work of saving
the Union, the Government, and country.
Mr. President, I take up the third line of policy.
Here is the important part; here is the rock upon
which the ship of State is threatened with found-
ering. The third line of policy is the subversion
of slavery in all the United States by the abolition-
ists of the North, and then the restoration of the
Union; but the abolition of slavery, whether the
Union is restored or not, and to force abolition,
now and at once, though the inevitable conse-
quence should be the dissolution of the Union
finally and forever. Mr. President, [Mr. Anthony
in the chair,] I do not believe that you, or any-
thing like a majority of this body, are devoted to
that line of policy. I do not believe that your
noble and true little State is. The American Sen-
ator or statesman who adopts that line of policy
is no longer fit to take part in the administration
of the Government. The man who has adopted
as his platform that slavery shall be overthrown,
that abolitionism shall prevail, and that it shall
prevail whether the Constitution and Union are
preserved or not, and in disregard of the destruc-
tion of both, is no longer a patriot nor worthy to
bo an American Senator. Is he a proper man to
vest with the destinies of this country? Is he a
! proper man to take charge of that system of Gov-
ernment. that Washington and Madison and their
associates created ? Is he a safe statesman or Sen-
ator to take charge of this magnificent and im-
perial Republic? It is only necessary to ask the
question, for every man who is not perverted
by prejudice and by ambition to answer a spon-
taneous no. It admits of but one answer. Sir, I
hold that the man who is acting upon that prin-
ciple, here or elsewhere, is as ^reat an enemy to
the country as Jeff Davis, or Toombs, or Hunter,
or the worst of them; and is a more insidious and
dangerous enemy, because he makes his assault
m the dark, tie does not proclaim the full pur-
pose of his mind. He draws a mantle around him
to deceive and betray. There is no escape from
that conclusion. The men who have such a pur-
pose as that, in honest truth and manhood ought
to make an open avowal of it to the American
people; and why do they not make that avowal t
They know that such an avowal would create a
tempest of popular indignation and condemnation
that would sweep them fiom the political world as
the tornado sweeps over the tropics._
I will next say a woid upon the fourth line ot
policy, and which, in my opinion, is the true ami
the only safe one, and it is, to restore the Union,
to uphold, defend, and perpetuate the Constitu-
tion as the founders of the Republic made it, to
execute the laws of Congress and vindicate the
supremacy oftheUnited StatesGovenimentwithin
the sphere of its limited powers, to the boundary
of every State and Territory, to subjugate effect-
ually the present rebellion, and to expel from
our system and whole country the fiuitful mother
of all our political ills, the doctiine of southern
State rights. If gentlemen wish to seek the true
cause and the mother of this rebellion they have
it there in the Virginia doctrine of southern States
rights. It is that which has deluded so many of
our people, seduced them into this rebellion. If
