1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
returned letters, he can realize more than enough
to meet ail the expenses which will arise from
the experiment; and the bill provides that he is
not to appoint these clerks unless he is of opinion
that they can be paid m that manner; and further,
that at the end of a year he shall report to Con-
gress what is the result of the experiment, and
what has been the income and the expenditure
connected with it, in order that the experiment
may be carried on further if it turns out to be
successful, or otherwise it may be dropped.
This bill is merely to enable the Department to
try that experiment; and the clerks to be appointed
are limited to $800 a year. The amendment pro-
posed by the committee, which has been adopted,
was nothing more than that he should apportion the
aggregate salaries among the clerks, in different
grades, as their different services might requue,
not exceeding in the average $800 a year. It is
not to take clerks from a Department where they
are paid from twelve to sixteen hundred dollars a
year. These clerks are to have but half that
amount; and the bill provides a fund for meeting
the expenses of the experiment itself. I desire
that the Department may be enabled to try the
experiment.
Mr. HALE. As this bill is giving rise to de-
bate, and taking up the time which should be de-
voted to the appropriate business of the morning
hour, I move to postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. X do not believe it will give
rise to debate if it is understood.
Mr. HALE. It has done so already.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, there were—ayes 8, noes 17; no quorum
voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is believed by
the Chair that there is a quorum in the Hall.
Will Senators be kind enough to observe the lule
which requires them to vote for or against a mo-
tion ?
Mr. HALE. As this will take time, I simply
want to say that I have no hostility to this bill,
but I think it is an unfair encroachment on the
business of the morning hour. There is enough,
and more than enough, of that sort of business to
occupy the whole of the morning hour, and I think
these bills oi^ht not to be thrust m in this way,
especially those which give rise to debate; and
therefore I move to postpone this bill.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. I had no idea that it would
give lise to the least possible debate. I did not
intend any such purpose as the gentleman seems
to suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the further consideration of this bill
until to-morrow. Senators are respectfully re-
quested to vote for or against the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays, if we have not got a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a quorum
in the Hall, but Senators do not vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is loft to me, I do not
desire that this bill shall embarrass other business
which gentlemen may have to transact. I am will-
ing that it shall go over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESID GNT. The Senate is now
found without a quorum, and the necessity of
calling the yeas and nays is for the purpose of
ascertaining the fact whether there is a quorum
present or not.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I suppose that will all be
avoided, if, by general consent, the bill is allowed
to go over until to-morrow.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Grimes Hale, Ilailan, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kenntch, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, <Uoi-
rill, Nesmith, S.tuisburv, She man, Ten Evck, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and WiKon—15
NArfe—IMossis. Anthony, Blight, Browning. Carhie,
Clark, Collarnoi, Cowan, Davis. Dixon, Dooimle, Fes-
senden, [Iaiu , Howe, King. Latham, Pomoioy,
Powell, Rice, riiinmons, and Ti innbuil—'21.
So the motion to postpone the bill was not
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am ignorant of the condition I
of the clerical foire of the Post Office Department, ]
and 1 desire to ask the Senator from Vermont
whether there has been any diminution ol that
force since this rebellion broke out' It there has
not been, then I desire to know what has become
of those clerks who were employed in that branch
of the postal service that related especially to the
States now 111 rebellion; and if they are yet in em-
ployment, why is it not possible to transfer them
to the performance of this duty?
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the Senator
asks me a question in relation to the internal affairs
ofthePostOffice Department, which I cannot very
fully answer. I am not aware of the manner in
which the force has been diminished or increased.
I do not know that it has been diminished. It
may be true, as stated by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that there is now an unnecessary num-
ber of clerks in the Sixth Auditor's office. I can
very readily believe that that may be true, as re-
gards thatoffiec. I do not knowit to be true;but
inasmuch as the quarterly returns of the postmas-
ters are audited and settled in the Sixth Auditor's
office, and inasmuch as, perhaps, a quarter or a
third of them do not make any returns at all now,
tho number of clerks in that office may not be re-
quired to be as large as it was before this seces-
sion. Rut in relation to the rest of the office, that
is, the office proper, under the control of the Post-
master General, I do not see that the force could
be essentially altered. It may be a few less may
be required now in what is called the inspection
office, m consequence of this secession, than there
was before; but it could be but very little dimin-
ished practically. All the same forms of inspec-
tion must be still gone through with; and so wilh
the contract office.
In relation to this service now, tho persons who
are employed in the dead letter office, to which
this bill relates, formerly had merely this service
to perform: they opened the letters; if they con-
tained any inclosure they were laid aside; if they
contained no inclosure they were thrown away
and destroyed. Those containing inclosures wore
carried over from the appointment office to the
register's office of that Department, and there
entered upon a book, and a letter written to the
postmaster of the post office from which the letter
had come, stating to him that there was such a
letter, containingsuchand such money.&c., trans-
ferring it to him, and asking him to look up the
person and see if he could find the owner of it,
and if not, to return it; if he could, to take the
proper vouchers and proper certificates, and let
the man have his money. This was a department
by itself; but the great body of the letters, 1 may
say ninety-nine hundredths, cei tainly eighty hun-
dredths, were merely letters containing 110 inclos-
ures whatever, and were opened, read, and car-
ried away and burnt. A force sufficient to do that
was all that was necessary at the dead letter office
under the formeradminislrauon of the office. The
pioposition now is to return all these letters to
their owners, so far as the names can be ascer-
tained, and charge them pontage on them, and this
bill is to enable the Postmaster General to try
that experiment. Should the bill pass, he will
endeavor to send home all letters of any conse-
quence whatever, and take postage upon them,
and pay the expenses of doing it with that post-
age. He requires this inferior set of clerks to
enable him to try that experiment. That is the
whole bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not tho slightest hos-
tility to this experiment, although in the picsent
condition of our Tieasuiy it is rather an expen-
sive one. This bill creates, if I remember aright,
twenty-five additional clerks, 011 an average salary
of £600 apiece, amounting, in the aggiegate, to
$90,000 a year. That is it, is it not?
Mr. COLLAMEIl. Yes, sir; but it provides
that the Postmaster General is not to appoint these
clerks unless he is of opinion that he can pay them
out of the income arising from the experiment.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, 1 never knew
an officer who had authority to appoint a man, to
confer patronage 011 his friends, who did not do it.
1 have the utmost confidence in tho Postmaster
General. I believe he is as pure a man as ever held
office; but I do not wish him to be tempted to do a
i thing of this kind, and 1 do not expect that he will
; he able to resist the temptation. Hut the point of
| my inquiry was this: I am not unwilling that the
I expeument shall be made; but 1 want to know
| why it is that the officers that have hitherto been 111
| cliaige of these inspection disti icts—for instance,
1 the inspection district of Tennessee—cannot be
transferred to the peifonnance of this particular
! duty? We all know something about the internal
arrangement of the Post Office Department.. We.
know that certain States compose an inspection1
district—for instance, the States of Texas, Lou-
isiana, and Mississippi. Those inspection clerks
have no duty to perform now. Are they yet in
office ? If they arc in office, whjrnot assign thlrif
to the performance of this duty ? That isrthe orfly^
question with me. I am willing to try the experi-
ment, but I should like to be enlightened .asito
whether we have got clerks enough now-. ■ :" "
Mr. HALE. As it ismanifest that this bill-is
giving rise to debate, to the neglect of the'morn- ■
ing business, I renew the motion which I matte
that it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall interpose no objec*-
tion, only I wish that it may be made the special'
order for that day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Now Hampshire moves to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPULSION OF A SENATOB.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution for
the expulsion of Wai.do P. Johnson, a Senator
from the State of M issotiri, from the Senate, have
had the subject under consideration, and have
directed mc to report in favor of the adoption of
the resolution, and to submit awritten report. I
wish to give notice that I shall call this matter up'
to-morrow, and also the case of Mr. Polk, for
action in the Senate. As there was no contro-
versy in the committee, I presume there will be
very little controversy in this body. If there be"
no objection, I would suggest that we take a vote,
upon them to-day; but if there be objection, let
them go over until to-moirow, and I give notice
that I shall then call them up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit a motion to print the report?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LATHAM presented the petition of P.
McD. Collins, praying that a survey may be
made of the North Pacific, in view of an over-
land telegraph communication with Europe, via
Asiatic Ru-'sia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, members of the Jewish faith,
praying that all religious tests may be abolished
in the appointment of chaplains for the Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying that action may bo taken for
making homceopathic surgeons eligible to at. least
one eighth of the surgical appointments in the
Army and Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of Messrs. Nott
& Co., claimants of indemnity out of the unap-
propriated fund received from the Chinese Gov-
ernment undei the treaty of Shanghae, November
8, 1858, praying for relief; which was refened to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, praying for the removal of the United
„ Stales district court from Wiscassct to Bath;
|i which was referred to the Committee 011 the
II Judiciary.
11 He also presented a petition of citizens ot East-
II port, Maine, praying that the ration in the Anny
!l may be so changed as to make dry and pickled
j| fish a component part of the ration; which was
j referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
1] the Militia.
|l Mr. HALE. I have received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, a petition of cer-
! tain citizens of Massachusetts, who represent that
they have learned that by the unlawful employ-
ment of such men as Alexander Cummmgs by
Mr.Cameion, and G. D. Morgan by Mi. Welles,
great frauds have been perpetrated on the Gov-
ernment; and they ask the passage of a law for-
i< bidding any officer of the Government to appoint
'I persons to positions not provided by statute, so
i that ft part of the enormous iniquities now pre-
'j vailing at Washington may be stopped. I move
!! that the petition be received, and as we have no
