1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The next amendment was in section four, lines
nine and ten, to strike out the words " to determ-
ine the rights of parties as distributees of such
prize proceeds;" and in line eleven to strike out
the words " and as soon as practicable there-
after," and insert " to the end;" and inline twelve
to strike out the words "of distribution," and
insert:
Determining wliat public ships of the United States are
entitled to share in the prize, and whether the prize was of
superior, equal, or inferior force to the vessel or vessels
making the capture—
So that the clause will read:
And thereupon the prize commissioners shall proceed,
Tinder the direction of the court, to take the requisite evi-
dence, and repoit the same to the couit, to the end that a
final deciee *ha!l be made determining what public ships
of the United States are entitled to share m the pnze, and
whether the prize was of superior, equal, or inferior lorce
to the vessel or vessels making the capture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of sec-
tion four, to strike out the words " of distribu-
tion" after the word " decree."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third tune, and passed.
LOYALTY OF MR. STARK.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up the resolution
offered some time since by the Senator from Ore-
gon, referring certain papers to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Stark on the 2dth ofFeb-
ruary:
Resolved, That the papeis relating to the loyalty of Ben-
jamin Stark, a Senator hum Oregon, he withdiawn fiom
the tiles of the Senate and lelened to the Judn iary Com-
mittee, with mstuictions to investigate the chaiges pie-
fened agdiurft said S i'akk on till evidence which lias been
or may be piesented, and with powfr to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. HOWE. I have only to say that I hope
the resolution will be adopted. I call the subject
up now under some embarrassment, occasioned
solely by what was said during the debate at the
time the resolution was first introduced. It will
be sufficient for me to say, however, that I urge
the passage of the resolution with no hope and no
purpose of relieving myself, as an individual, from
any responsibility I incurred by the vote I gave
upon the question uf admitting the Senator from
Oregon to his soathcre. The responsibility, what-
ever it was, which I assumed then, I do not wish
to be relieved from; I am entirely satisfied with
the vote; and I really think Senatois, if they would
exercise a proper charity, might imagine some
other motive than one of fear as actuating those
Senators who urge the passage of this resolution.
It seems to me that any one and every one might
conclude that those who voted for the admission
of the Senator from Oregon might, in spite of that
vote, be just as anxious to preserve the chaiacter
of the American Senate as those who voted ngain st
his admission, and that we might be as naturally
disposed to take care, and that the probability is
as great that we want to take care, of the character
of the Senate, as that we are over anxious about
our own individual course. I believe that is my
own purpose, and I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. HALE. What is the question before the
Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. On agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. HALE. The lesolution introduced by the
Senator from Oiegon some time ago?
The VICE PRESIDENT. YJs, sir.
Mr. HALE. 1 thought that was settled the
other day, and settled very conclusively. I hope
there will not be any more time of the Senate
taken up with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vote, and that
is the end of it. I supposed the resolution was
passed the other day. Let us vote.
Mr. HALE. I suppose that is the end of every
question. [Laughter.] That is a suggestion which
might be made on esery subject that comes up.
I have some feeling on this subject, and I hope
the Senate will not go into this investigation. It
seems to me that the Senate have established a pre-
cedent, and—I will not use the word " stultify,"
because that offended the honorable Senator from
Vermont the other day—but I think it would be
an exceedingly inconsistent thing to say that a
state of facts that was sufficient to warrant the
Senate in voting a man into the Senate, and ad-
ministering to him his oath, and enabling him to
perform the high functions of a Senator, was not
sufficient to keep him in his seat. It would be
trifling. I ask for the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of the resolution. I hope it will not be adopted.
It would make me ridiculous; how it would the
rest of the Senate, I do not know.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand, Mr. President,
that this resolution is offered for the purpose of
entering into a more full investigation of the facts
of the case of the gentleman from Oregon, with
a view to the enlightenment of the Senate respect-
ing his position on the question of loyalty to this
Government. The resolution was offered by the
gentleman from Oregon in ins seat. He, of course,
has a deep personal interest in the resolution, and
in any proceedings that may grow out of it, if it
be adopted; and thepurposeof my rising is merely
to ask the gentleman from Oregon, inasmuch as
he offered the resolution himself, whether it is his
purpose to pursue the inquiry which the resolu-
tion itself authorizes, and to collect facts respect-
ing Ins loyalty, in order to submit those facts to
the Senate?
As I remarked upon a former occasion, I look
upon the papers which are on our files as present-
ing prima facie an accusation and proof of disloy-
alty against the Senator from Oregon. If they
do not present such a case, if he is of opinion that
they do not present such a case, it strikes me that
it is trifling with the time of the Senate to ask the
Senate to proceed any farther in it. If he thinks
they do present such a case, impeaching his loy-
alty, and lie is anxious to exonerate himself from
the chaige, I shall ccrtainly vote for the passage
of the resolution with the utmost cheerfulness,
and so far as may depend on me I shall extend
to hi in eveiy facility in my power for making, a
thoiough and full investigation of the facts of the
case. If he will say to the Senate that for this
purpose he desires the passage of this resolution;
1 shall, for one, be very much obliged to him.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Oregon can
answer for himself in due time.
Mr. STARK. I wish now to answer the ques-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, if the Senator
will allow mo.
Mr. IIOWE. Very well.
Mr. STARK. I stated distinctly when I pre-
sented the resolution to the consideration of the
Senate the purpose which I had in view in its
presentation, and I supposed that the Senator from
Michigan was fully mfoimed with reference to
that purpose. 1 can only repeat now, sir, what I
said then. It was that there might not appear to
be on my part the slightest indisposition to meet
the charge of disloyalty heie or elsewhere; and I
am prepared now, as I was then, to meet it. That
I should be the prosecutor of myself, or that I
should lay at my own door any chaige of disloy-
alty, seems to me to be preposterous; but I say
to the gentleman from Michigan that I am ready
to moet the charge wherever it is urged, and to
defend myself as becomes me, I trust, as a Sen-
ator and as a man. It was for that purpose I pre-
sented the resolution, and for none other.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Oregon
will pardon me for making this additional remark,
that I do not see that his present observations
really answer the question which I put to him. I
do not understand him as saying that he desnes
the passage of this resolution, in order that lie
may prosecute this inquiry further himself. He
simply announces to us that he wishes to show
that he has no indisposition to allow other Sen-
ators to become his prosecutors in reference to
this matter. Sir, I must be allowed to say that I
regard this as, to say the least of it, a misuse of
language. We are not his prosecutors. I know
of no gentleman m this body who has any dispo-
sition to turn prosecutor against the Senator from
Oregon; but what I wish to know is, whether,on
Ins own account, with a view to the promotion of
his own interests, the exoneration of his own
character from the imputations which are cast on
it by the papers before us, he desires an oppor-
tunity to exculpate himself, for I desire to use
plain and significant language. If he will answer
that question substantially, I shall feel obliged to
him.
Mr. HOWE. I called up this resolution in pur-
suance of a purpose which, I think, I avowed
during the discussion that preceded the admission
of the Senator from Oregon. At the time he was
admitted to his seat here by a vote of the Senate^
nobody assumed the responsibility of saying that
the Senator from Oregon was disloyal, that he
was traitorous. Certain charges of that kind 3>ad
been presented to the Senate, and by the Senate
referred to a committee, over the signature of cer-
tain gentlemen said to reside in the State of Ore-
gon. The Judiciary Committee took those papers
into consideration, and in due time reported them
back to the Senate, without undertaking to say
whether they were true or false, without under-
taking to say whether the Senator was proved to
be disloyal or was not; and as 1 listened to that
discussion,no Senator upon the floor who opposed
his admission* undertook to say that he had satis-
factory evidence of his disloyalty. On the con-
trary, upon the assumption that there was no
proof before the Senate of his disloyalty, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire himself, if I mistake
not, moved to recommit those very papers to the
Judiciary Committee for the purpose of ascertain-
ing and reporting upon the truth of those allega-
tions, claiming that pending that inquiry and that
investigation Oregon ought to be excluded from
her representation here. Other Senators differed
from the Senator from New Hampshire upon that
point, and thought that until the Senate was pre-
pared to say that the representative from Oregon
was unfitted to sit here, the representative from
Oregon ought to be allowed to sit here. So the
Senate decided; and the representative ishcre. But
while the Senator from New Hampshire would
insist upon an investigation while Oregon was not
represented, he now opposes an investigation
simply because Oregon is represented here. So it
seems to me. If the Senate were curious and felt
anxious to know whether these charges referred
to us by citizens of Oregon were true or false,
then I see no reason why the Senate should not be
as anxious to know now. If it was important for
us to know whether this representative was faith-
ful to the Constitution or not while he was outside
the Senate, it seems to me all the more important
that we should know and be resolved upon that
question now that he is inside the Senate. In-
stead , therefore, of the importance of this investi-
gation being diminished one whit, it seems to me
to be increased tenfold; and I hope the resolution
will be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I felt some interest in this ques-
tion, but I took very little part in it, except to
vote, when it was up before. I do not exactly
agree, however, m the construction that the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin has put upon
what I said and did. I desire now to call the at-
tention of the Senate to one or two facts. When
this matter was repoited back it was reported in
those very brief words—most of the report was
taken up in the pieamble:
"The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
form! the ciedentiaN of Bln'iamin Stark, as a Scnatoi from
the State of Oregon, with the accompanying papers, have
had the same under consideration, and without expressing
any opinion a- to the eli'eet of the papers before them upon
any subsequent proceedings in the ca&e, tiiey repoit the
following resolution."
The resolution is that Benjamin Stark was en-
titled to take the constitutional oath of office. The
report proceeded upon the ground that the com-
mittee had formed no opinion upon the papers.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin will ex-
cuse me if I think the objections which he takes
to the papers are rather puerile in their character,
because they apply to every single petition that
is presented here and that forms the basis of sen-
atorial or legislative action. His objections are
that we do not know the persons, do not kn ;w
the handwriting, do not know that there are any
such people, do not know that they reside m
Oregon or elsewhere. That is very true, and it
is true of every petition that is presented here,
and we never can go along, we cannot proceed
the first step with legislation if, before we take
any notice of a petition, we stop to get to ourselves
judicial evidence of the fact that every one of the
| signers to it is alive, and that he resides in the
i place where he purports to reside, and that the
! signature is his own proper, legitimatehandwrit-
