2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
that mischievous heresy had never taken posses-
sion of the minds of those people, the country
never would have approached that abyss of civil
War, revolution,and ruin into which it nowseems
about to be hopelessly precipitated.
In connection with this subject, I say here that
according to my reading of the Constitution and
of all the commentators that have written upon
it whose commentaries I have read, neither the
Congress nor the President nor the Government
of the United States has any power whatever to
free a slave, at any rate out of the District of Co-
lumbia. We have in Mr. Madison's papers a his-
tory of the debates upon the Constitution when it
was framed. 1 wish this book was read by every
man in America who does read; I wish it was a
text-book for all of our schools; I think it sheds
more and truer iighton the Constitution,and upon
the construction and interpretation of all its pro-
visions, than all the other books and commenta-
ries that have been written upon it. I have been
looking into it recently, and I have been struck
by the vast difference in sentiment, opinion, and
toleration, of the men who framed that Constitu-
tion, in regard to slavery, and the present irra-
tional, wild, and intolerant frenzy against that in-
stitution which prevails in many portions of the
United States. I will read, in connection with this
subject, extracts from a speech made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Wilson,] on
which I intend to commcnt. in a speech on the
confiscation bill on the 6th of May, that Senator
indulged himself in this language:
il That slavery is disloyal to this country, that it is dis-
loyal to everything coimectcil with the Government and the
institutions of the Republic, I enteitaiii no doubt. Every
fiber of the being of tins Republic against slavery, was
made to be asain-n if, and i-: against it, and ever will be
against it. Slavery knows iiM—
1 suppose tiiat slavery knows nothing. Slave
owners may know it. I suppose that was the
meaning of the Senator; but as to slavery, an ab-
stract idea, I suppose it knows nothing, it has
neither consciousness nor reason. Look, now, at
this fanfaronade of fanaticism and frenzy:
u Slavery knows it, h conscious of if, and Mavery hates
the in.vtiuitions of this country and tin- Government, and
all the legitimate! and proper influence*, of democratic in
stitutions moitt than anvthingon earth hates republican
institutions. Theie i> not to-day on tin: continent ot ftu
rope an institution, u party, a sect that lmtes republican
government and democratic institutions with the thou-
sandth part of the intense* bitterness that slavery hates it."
u I said the other day, and I repeat it, I think we can get
some property out ot these rebels ; but f do not expect to
get a gi eat amount of that property." * * v *
believe we can punish the rebels more effectually, we can
suppress this lobcilion more burcly, anil we shall take the
amplest security for the future peace and repose ot tins
eounuy by freeing the slaves of every rebel on this conti-
nent. 1 would b« willing to do it at once." * * *- *
u The conviction i<5 upon me that this  s the path of duty
to my country, arid that the futuie peace of the nation re-
quires that this slave mteiest shall he broken down ; and
now is the opportunity—an opportunity that only comes to
nations once in ages. It comes to us now. Let us hail
and impiove it."
Again:
'■ Why, sir. see the power of slavery in the capital to-day,
even in the&e Halls"—
I lmvc supposed it had very little power here or
in the other House. Not. so thinks the Senator
from Massachusetts, for he said:
££ Why, sir. see the power of slavery in the capital to-
day, even in these Hall**, in the portions of the country
near and around u<. See the power of slaveiv in Jjouw-
ville, and in poition-- of Kentucky, as descnhed by my col-
league the other <Jay. See its power over many officers of
the old Army, -some of whom seem to be moic anxious to
catch negroes than to careh iebel>. Do not underiatc that
power that even now controls the action ot millions of our
countrymen.
Why, sir, slavery cheated Wa-hincton and JefFeison,
and the great men wiio lounded our Government.'*
Avery sage and modest opinion, to be sure !
"They believed it to be a temporary peri-hing -.ystem that
was to pass away under Chti&tian and democratic influ-
ence*. The nation thought so ; but not so thought South
Carolina and Georgia m 1789."
Now, let us examine for a moment what Wash-
ington and the great men who formed the Con-
stitution thought of and provided for slavery in
the Constitution. Let us see what they did. This
illustrious lawgiver and legislator tells us that
tile whole Government is opposed to slavery, that
it was always intended to be so, and always will
be so, that every fiber of the Government hates
slavery, that it was expected and intended by the
Constitution, and by Washington, and by those
who framed the Constitution to be a temporary
and a perishing affair. Let us examine those
points for a moment. Slavery is incorporated in
the Constitution and recognized by it in three or
four different places, not by name, I admit. But
here are the Madison debates showing that it was
the subject of deliberation and provision in the
Constitution. Slaves are described in the Consti-
tution as persons who owe their service to others,
but that description just as certainly refers to them
and describes them as though the term " slave"
itself had been used, and the gentleman knows it.
Having thusdescribed the human beings who then
occupied and still occupy the relation of slaves to
masters,let us see what the Constitution provided
as to them. It declares that three fifths of these
slaves shall be represented in the national Con-
gress; that is, that the population of each State
should be represented by all the freemen thereof,
and, excluding Indian tribes, by three fifths of all
other persons. Now I ask this Solon, I ask this
gentleman who sets np here to judge everybody
and everything, if as long as slavery exists in
Kentucky or anywhere else in the States, it is not
entitled to have its representation beyond the free
population by three fifths of the slave population?
How is it in relation to direct taxation? The
Constitution provides that direct taxation shall be
imposed by Congress upon all the States accord-
ing to their Federal population, and one ingre-
dient of this Federal population is three fifths of
the slaves, those held to service.
Here arc two provisions of the Constitution,
one giving to theStatein which slaves are held a
representation of three fifths of that population
beyond what it would be entitled to for all itsfiee
population; and another providing that when the
burdens of direct taxation come to be imposed
upon the people of the States by Congress, they
shall be imposed by the same measure. I ask the
Senator, are not these provisions of the Constitu-
tion as permanent as any other piovisions of it?
Are they not parts of it? Was not the Constitu-
tion formed for a perpetuity? Was it made only
for the age and for the men who framed it, or who
sent its framers down to Philadelphia to make it?
No, sir. The Union portion of our people, at
least, say that it was intended to be perpetual.
That idea is one of the fundamental, cardinal points
of our system of Government, one of its corner
stones; and whenever you sweep that stone from
the fabric, it totters to its fall. The Government
is a perpetuity. Here is a Government making
these two provisions in relation to an institution
and a subject of property, which the gentleman
vauntingly proclaims thai this Government in all
its fibers hates, and that the framers of the Consti-
tution intended should be temporary, and should
pass away under other influences. No,.sir; those
who formed the Constitution intended that these
provisions should be perpetual with it, that they
should endure with it, and if they had not been
introduced into it, this system of Government
would never have been adopted by the convention,
much ltss latified by the slave States, and it was
necessary foritto be ratified byevery solitary State
in the Union for it to be binding and obligatory on
that State. What, then, becomes of the position
of the Senator from Massachusetts, who sets up
herein his imperious and dogmatic way to lecture
every man who differs from him, an<i to teach
wisdom on all the subjects and branches of the
science of war, of legislation, and of everything
else that comes up for the action of this body?
Well, sir, let us examine this matter a little fur-
ther. There are other provisions of the Consti-
tution that are as permanent as its provisions gen-
erally relating to this subject of slavery, and let
us trace their history a little. Anions them is the
power and the right of the owner of a slave that
may escape into another State to reclaim that slave.
That provision of the Constitution has undergone
much discussion here before Congress, before the
courts. Federal and State, and before the people
of all the States. There is no principle of consti-
tutional law that has been more discussed, or that
has been more fiercely opposed by the fanatics
and the abolitionists of modern times. What is
the history of this provision m the Constitution?
It was first proposed in one ot' the projets of a con-
stitution that the Governors of the States should
be required of themselves, by their own act, and
at the cost of their respective States, to deliver
fugitive slaves to thcirowners,andin that sense it
was opposed, and in no other sense.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know where
that proposition comes from.
Mr. DAVIS. I will read it to you, sir. My
friend from Massachusetts is so learned in all lore
that I did not suppose he would ever be put in the
fault of making such an inquiry when it is in the
! Madison Papers, in the history which Mr. Mad-
ison gives of the action of the convention that
formed the Constitution. If the Senator from
Massachusetts desires to know where it is, I refer
him to the third volume of the Madison Papers,
page 1447:
"Aiticle fifteen being then taken up, the words'high
misdemeanor' were struck out, and the words4 other crime'
inserted, in order to comprehend all proper cases ; it being
doubtful whether' high misdemeanor' had not a technical
meaning too limited.
" Mr. Butler and Mr. Pinckney moved to require1 fugi-
tive slaves and servants to be delivered up like criminals.'
" Mr. Wilson. This would oblige the Executive of the
State to do it, at the public expense.
"Mr. sshmiman"—
the old shoemaker, honest Roger, one of the ablest
men in the convention, and one of the noblest of
nature's noblemen—what did he suy;
" Mr. sherman saw no more propriety in the public [the
public of a State] seizing and surrendeiing a slave or ser-
vant than a horse."
That was the language of the delegate from
Connecticut; and yet because I had the temerity
some days ago to use this sort of language in re-
lation to slave property, and the right of slave
owners to that property, I met with the sternest
rebuke. I took no exception to it; I take none
now. I believe in the freedom of debate, in the
manly boldness of debate, and I object to no man
measuring out that manner of debate to me:
•"Mr. Butler withdrew his proposition, in order that
some particular provision might bo made, apait fiom this
article.'5
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow me,
as he is on that point, I woukl ask him whether
the fact that Mr. Butler withdrew that proposi-
tion after he made it, it being opposed, does not
show that the convention wasnot in favor of such
a proposition ?
Mr. DAVIS. If you will just allow me a little
time, you will have no ground for any such idea.
Mr. SUMNER. I know what follows in that
report.
Mi. DAVIS. The Senate do not know half as
much as you do. [Laughter.] I want them to
know the history of it. On a subsequent day,
"Mi. i3ctm.ii moved to insert after article fifteen, ' if any
person bound to sei vice or labor in any of the United States
shall escape into another State, he or she shall not be dis-
charged from such service or labor m consequence of any
regulations *nl Ms.ting in the State to which they escape,
but shall be delivered up to the peivon justly claiming their
service or labor;' winch was agiced to new. coji."
There was not a voice in the convention which
fiamed the Constitution that was raised against
that provision as it was passed, and the only ob-
jection which was made to it was when it was
introduced in a form requiring the Governors of
the States to do the thing themsehes; and then
Mr. Wilson, of Pennsylvania, objected to it be-
cause it would put the Governors of the States to
the trouble, and the States themselves to the ex-
pense, of making this return, and the objection of
Mr. Sherman was that there was no more obliga-
tion upon the people or the Governors of the States
to return fugitive slaves from other States than
there was to leturn horses from other States. That
old man was from your State, sir, [Mr. Foster.
in the chair,] and your State is justly proud of
him. The Old Thirteen were justly proud of him.
The expanded United States,now stretching from
i ocean to ofean, and from the lakes to the Gulf,
numbeiing thirty-four, and going on to an indefi-
nite increase, are all justly proud of Roger Sher-
man; and Roger Sherman in this great convention
of patriots and sages, about the important work
of framing the Constitution, said that it was not
proper to require the Governors and the people of
the States to return fugitive slaves any more than
it would be to return horses; buta clause was in-
serted requiring it to be done by the United States,
and authorizing the Congress of the United States
| to pass a law to that effect; and such a law was
j passed in 1793 when General Washington, the
j: Father of his Country, and the president of the
i j convention which framed the Constitution, was the
li President of the United States. There was no
