1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
3183
provision for the purchase of twenty-seven acres.
I know that it requires unanimous consent to do
this thing, but as it is necessary to make this
amendment conform to the rest of the record, I
hope there will be no objection to it. I move,
therefore, that the House reconsider the vote strik-
ing out the provisioH for the purchase of twenty-
seven acres of Seavey's Island.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. If 1 understand the
gentleman, he proposes to reinstate the appropri-
ation of $14,000 for the purchase of twenty-seven
acres of Seavey's Island.
Mr. STEVENS. The effectotmy motion will
be to restore the bill in this particular to what it
was when it went to the Senate.
There was no objection, and Mr. Stevens's
motion was agreed to.
DISCHARGE.OF STATE PRISONERS, ETC.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order to
be the consideration of bill (H. R. No. 362) to
provide for tlie discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
States courts to take bail or recognizances to se-
cure the trial of the same, which was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, with a sub-
stitute, on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me to take up and pass Senate bill No.
226.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot permit any of the
morning hour to be lost.
Mr. TRAIN. It will not take a moment.
Mr, BINGHAM. I cannot yield. I have sub-
mitted all I desired to say on the bill pending be-
fore the House, and I therefore propose to demand
the previous question on its passage.
Mr. BIDDLE, I hope the bill will not be
pressed to its passage under the operation of the
previous question, without permitting us an op-
portunity to offer amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. The session is drawing rap-
idly to a close, and if we are going to pass a bill
of this character, I do not presume that any mate-
rial changes will be made in the pending proposi-
tion. If there are any verbal inaccuracies, or if
gentlemen desire to make verbal amendments, they
can easily accomplish their purpose in the Senate.
I would remind the gentleman that with the expi-
ration of the morning hour we close the consid-
eration of this bill,and 1 think it proper, therefore,
to demand the previous question.
Mr. BIDDLE. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio not to press his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose if this bill meets
the approval of the House at all, that no amend-
ment will be offered except such as is verbal in its
character. I can imagine that verbal amendments
may be made improving the text of this bill; yet
such amendments can easily be made in the Sen-
ate, if we pass the bill as it now is.
Mr. BIDDLE. I am diffident of my power to
procure amendments in the Senate. My function
as a member of the House is to offer them here,
and to have them voted on. If my friend from
Ohio will yield to me, I will propose an amend-
ment, and state with brevity the motives which
induce me to offer it. I have no desire to enter
into a general discussion of the question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let the gentleman send up
his amendment, and let us hear what it is.
Mr. BIDDLE. This is as important a bill as
can be passed upon by this House. I presume
the liberty of the citizen under the habeas corpus
is as momentous a question as any which can be
brought before the House, and I want to submit
one or two suggestions, not in the way of a speech,
in reference to the precedent which it is proposed
that we shall establish for ourselves and our chil-
dren, perhaps, for generations to come. The
second section of this bill proposes to restore the
judicial tribunals of the country to the exercise of
their functions over cases which have already oc-
curred. I do not see that a man who is impris-
oned to-day is more worthy of our solicitude than
the man who may be imprisoned to-morrow;and,
above all, I desire, in a bill of this character, to
provide not only indemnity for the past but secu-
rity for the future. And my amendment does not
exclude or forbid future arrests without appeal to
the judicial tribunals, in those States and those
districts where the judicial tribunals are not in the
uninterrupted exercise of their functions. I, of
course, concede that there are many districts,
whole States indeed, where you cannot resort to
the judicial tribunals because they are silenced or
controlled by the enemy; that men may be neces-
sarily deprived of their liberty there, without a
hearing before a judicial tribunal, I admit. But I
cannot conceive ihat in the district I represent, or
in any district in Pennsylvania, or in New York,
or in Massachusetts, there can be any public ne-
cessity for depriving the citizen of those common
guarantees of liberty which we have been bred to
believe were absolutely essential for its preser-
vation.
Now, sir, the amendment which I propose is to
the first part of the third section. I do not intend
to criticise the first and second sections. They
are intended to relieve the persons no win confine-
ment. If they accomplish that object without
throwing upon the community any dangerous per-,
sons, I shall be cont'ent. I should have preferred,
however, the ordinary and due course of law to
what is hep; provided.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
an amendment?
Mr. BIDDLE. I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not yield for any such
purpose. I yielded to hear what the gentleman
had to say, and how he proposes to amend.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the provision in the ninth
line of the first section, which contains the reme-
dial process of this bill, and which applies to those
cases in which the party is already confined and
those cases in which the party may be hereafter
confined.
Mr. BIDDLE. That is not a good substitute-
for habeas corpus nor for the principles contained
in the amendment which I desire to insert in the
third section, so that it will read:
That it may and shall be lawful for the President of tlie
United States whenever, in his judgment, by reason of re-
bellion or invasion the public safety may lequire it, to sus-
pend by proclamation, tor the period of twelve months, or
until the next meeting of Congress, the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus in any of the United States, or in any part
thereof, wherein the laws of the United States are by force
opposed, and tlie execution thereof obstructed.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will hear
with me while I make a suggestion which shows
that he has overlooked a very important matter
connected with this legislation. On® of the diffi-
culties under the present laws of the United States
to be remedied was the imperative requirement
upon every judge of theUnited States to issue the
the writ of habeas corpus upon an application made
in due form by an imprisoned citizen. The gen-
tleman's proposed amendment does not, in any
way, suspend the provisions and requirement of
thatstatute. The proposed amendmentofthegen-
tleman would therefore-, if adopted in form and
manner as presented here,simply leave the same
conflict between the executive and judicial depart-
ments of this Government, arising under the legis-
lation of Congress, which exists this day.
Mr. BIDDLE. The gentleman is mistaken; I
do not propose to interfere with, or strike out, any
of the other provisions of the bill, but simply to
insert my amendment in the third section, which
will then conclude as in the printed draft.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the amount of it is
this, that the only difference he proposes between
this bill as it now*stands reported by the Judici-
ary Committee, and what it will be with his
amendment, is that the suspension shall only
operate for the period of twelve months. Now, I
desire to say to the gentleman, in all candor, if
Congress sits within twelve months it has it in its
power, upon the gentleman's views of this ques-
tion, to repeal the law itself, and thereby put an
end to the proclamation of suspension of the priv-
ilege of the writ. And I beg the gentleman to con-
sider if the liberty of the people of the United
States can with safety be reposed in any branch
of this Government, it can be reposed at any time
safely in the hands of the Representatives of the
people.
The gentleman strangely misconceives this bill
if he supposes there is anything in this legislation
which puts it out of the power of the Congress of
theUnited States, within twelve months after such
proclamation may be made, to put an end to the
law itself. The bill, as it now stands, impliedly
and expressly upon its face, is a declaration that
this whole matter, in so far as it can be effected
by legislation, is in the power of the Represent-
atives of the people. I ask the gentleman to con-
sider that. I do not desire to delay the House
with any discussion about the general question of
the power. I supposed myself, that as to the form
of the bill, there might be some disagreement
among gentlemen. As to the.intent and purpose
of the bill, I did not suppose there would beany,
*tnd I am pleased to discover that all agree with
the principle, purpose, and intent of the bill; and
I only repeat to the House now—doing no kind of
injustice to the gentleman from Pennsylvania—
that the only change suggested upon this bill is that
the proclamation shall expire by its own limita-
tion within twelve months. Every gentleman
knows that the Congress of the United States
must assemble within twelve months after the
proclamation shall have been issued. Therefore,
without further remark, I beg leave to call the pre-
vious question upon the bill.
Mr. BIDDLE. I hope not. The gentleman has
not correctly presented my amendment, and I beg
him to bear with me two or three minutes longer
upon this most important riieasure. I hope that
nothing which has fallen from the gentleman from
Ohio is meant to convey the impression that this
body will not adjourn for twelve months. I hope
it will soon adjourn till December next, and my
amendment will cover that interval of time. I ob-
ject to an unlimited concession of this power to
the Executive.
Mr. BINGHAM. Congress will meet in twelve
months.
Mr. BIDDLE. It will certainly meetin twelve
months, and therefore my amendment will give
to this proclamation the effect of suspending the
writ ofliabeascorpus in those sections where it may
be deemed expedient and necessary to suspend it
until the next meeting of Congress. My amend-
ment goes further than that, however; it limits the
right of suspension to those districts where the
judicial tribunals are interrupted in the due course
of the administration of justice.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what the bill does.
Mr. BIDDLE. No, sir; up to the present time
there has been a pretension made in behalf of
executive power that the President alone has the
right arbitrarily to imprison any American citizen
without giving reasons to him or to any judicial
tribunal whatever. I do not discuss that ques-
tion, because this bill itself, I am happy to see,
denies that right. By this bill Congress now gives
a general power to the President to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, and by necessary implica-
tion we may thence infer that he does not possess
itof his own power or prerogative, and that is one
of the reasons why [ could very cordially support
this bill, desiring, however, to amend it in the way
I have indicated, so as to put certain limitations
"on the power we grant.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, it seems to me that
after the gentleman's speech, this bill ought to re-
ceive his vote as it is, and therefore I feel disposed
to call the previous question, and test the sense
of the House.
Mr. BIDDLE. I ask that my amendment may
at least be voted on by the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to ask him a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. What does the gentleman
wish ?
Mr. MALLORY. Simply to propound a ques-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear the gentleman's
question.
Mr. MALLORY. I understood the gentleman
to remark—and it is a matter in which I felt some
interest—that lie believed the whole power of sus-
pending the writ of habeas corptis was in the Rep-
resentatives on this floor. I understood the gen-
tleman to state that the right or power is conferred
upon the Congress of the United States by the
Constitution; and if so, I should like to know of
the gentleman from Ohio whence he derives the
authority to transfer a right conferred on*thisbody
by the Constitution to the President of the United
States? That is the difficulty that suggests itself
to my mind in relation to this bill. It authorizes
the President of the United States to do what the
gentleman from Ohio, as I understood him, thinks
that Congress alone is authorized by the Consti-
tution to do.
Mr. BINGHAM. I can answer the gentleman
satisfactorily to myself 1 know, and 1 hope to the
