3184
; OOKGRISSKMAL GLOBE.
July 8.
gentleman also. There are.two classes of persons
m this country who have given utterance, to then-
opinions upon tjhis great question of the suspen-
sion of the privilege of the writ of habeas coi-put.
They are both agreed—because they could not
differ about it—that there must be power in this
Government to suspend the privilege of the writ
in times ofinvasion orrebeljion, because the Con-
stitution expressly so declares. One class, how#
ever, assert that the power necessarily exists in
the Executive because he is charged w.ith the duty'
of enforcing the execution of the laws. The other
class insists that he ought to be authorized to ex-
ercise that power, as he is authorized to exercise
most of his other powers, by the law-making
power of the Government. A very elaborate pa-
per has been given to the public,by a very learned
and profound jurist,Mr. Horace Binney, of Phil-
adelphia, who, after exhausting the wnole argu-
ment in favor of the general power in the Execu-
tive without congressional interference, makes the
remark, which would justify this legislation on
the part of Congress, that the enactment of such
a law by Congress at most could only be called
supererogatory legislation.
.Now, what 1 desire further to say upon this sub-
ject in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Mallouy] is this: that if, according to the one
class, the Executive has the power, this legisla-
tion can do no harm and no wrong to any man,
livingortlead; if,on the other hand, the other class
are right in their judgment that there is powerre-
posed in the Representatives of the people to em
power
the Executive in the execution of the laws
in time of rebellion or invasion to interfere sum-
marily wifh the person nnd liberty of the citizen,
then it is of the first moment that the law be passed.
In either view of the subject, no matter on which
side of this question gentlemen may range them-
selves, this legislation, even in the light of that
great argument of the distinguished lawyer of
Philadelphia, resolves itself simply into this: that
it can do no harm or wrong to any one, and, on
the other hand, if itbepassed, itmay in some sort
sanction the action of the Executive and silence
complaint.
Mr. COLFAX. I should like to say a single
word.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yiejd to me for a moment?
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio has
answered the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question.
Mr. IilNGHAM. 1 supposed I had.
Mr. MALLORY. He lias not answered the
most important part of my inquiry. 1 asked the
gentleman, il'hc believes that the Constitution coll-
iers upon the Congress of the United States the
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, where
does Congress get the right to transfer that power
to the President?
Mr. JBINGIIAM. It is very extraordinary that
u gentleman so familiar with legislation as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky should ask me a question
of that sort.
Mr. MALLORY. Can these powers be shifted ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The powers are'not shifted.
That is my answer to the gentleman. I say that
this form of legislation is not new, that our statute-
books abound in piecedents of this sort, which
leave the exercise of a discretion in the Executive
of the United States; nnd 1 take it that if the gen-
tleman looks carefully to his record, he will lind
that more than onee lis has recorded his vote
directly in favor of precisely such legislation. 1
yield now to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say,
for one, that if the implication from this bill is, as
stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
the President has not the power himself to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus in case of msuirec-
tion or invasion, 1 will not vote for it. 1 read with
great care the elaborate argument of the distin-
guished citizen of Philadelphia, Mr. Horace Bin-
ney. I read also the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] who is near me, and
who, 1 think, as well as Mr. Binney, settled the
question in favor of the right of the President to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus, and all in this
brief, compact summing up, that the Constitution
says that the wi it of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended except during insurrection or foreign in-
vasion; and if Congress is not in session at such a
time, for the salvation of the country, somebody
must have the power to suspend it.
Mr. BIDDLE. The President can call Con-
gress together; my amendment, ton, provides for
the interval while we are not in session* .
Mr. COLFAX. If by voting for this bill we
imply that the President lias not the power, for
the salvation of the country, to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus, I will not vote for it. I believe
he has the power and has exercised it fearlessly.
I believe that hfe can meet his accountability be-
fore the country for the exercise of that power in
this hour of national peril; and I will not vote for
any bill which indirectly assumes that he has not
the power.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Indi-
ana may quiet his fears. I am very much sur-
prised that a gentleman of his intelligence should
" suppose that his vote is to be interpreted by any-
body's strictures on the bill. The bill, neither
directly nor indirectly, implies any such thing.
As 1 said before, by the common judgment of
everybody who has spoken on this question, the
bill can do no harm if Congress has no power to
meddle with the matter at all; if it has, it covers
the Executive as with a shield. That is all there
is of it. I call the previous question.
Mr.BIDDLE. Dolunderstand thatmyamend-
ment cannot come before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to yield for the
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not.
Mr. BIDDLE. It is the most extraordinary
way of settling a great constitutional question
that I ever heard of. Neither free discussion nor
the offer of an amendment is permitted.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers on the pre-
vious question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Biddle were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers on ordering
the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mitchell
and Cobb were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G6, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move that the bill be
laid on the table; and oil that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Did-
dle, George II. Browne, Chumberlin, Clements, Colfax,
Coming, Cox, Cravens, Dawes, JEly, Haight, Hale, ICelley,
Law, Loomis, Maynard, Mitchell, Nugen, Perry, Potter,
Riddle, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellabarger, William G.
Steele, Train, and WasUburne—29.
NAYS—Messrs Aldrich,Alley,Ancona, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, B<*aman, Bingham, Jacob 13. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William Brown, Buflinton, Calvert, Campbell,
Casey, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Ro.<eoe Conkhng,
Orisfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
wards Eliot, English, Fonton, Fessenden, Frank, Grider,
Ilauchutt, Harding, Jlutciims, Jackson, William Kellogg,
Lansing, Lazenr, Lehman, Lovcjoy, McKnight, MoPher-
son, Mailorv, May, Menzies, Anson P. Morrill, Morris,
Noell, Odell, Olni, Patton, John IMielp*, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Poiter, Alexander U. Kice, John H. Rice,
Ilichard.-on, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rol-
lins, Sargent, Segar, Sherman, Shiel, Sloan, Spaulding,
John B. Hteelc, Steven?, ritHe*, Str.ti.ton, Benjamin P.
Thomas Tumble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Verree, Voor-
hees, Wall, Wallace, Waul, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albert S. White, WickJiftb, Wilson, Wimlom, and Wor-
cester—89.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McPHERSON stated tJiatMr. Killinger
was detained at home by sickness.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
The tellers resumed their places.
Mr. BIDDLE. I desire to know whether the
vote cannot be taken separately on the sections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
any way of dividing a bill except it be appropri-
ations for internal improvements.
, The House divided; and the tellers leported—
ayes 69, noes 25.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was first on the substitute reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the Secretary of State and the Secretary of War be,
and tliey are hereby, directed forthwith, or as goon as may
be practicable, to furnish to the judges of the circuit and
district courts of the United States and of the District of
Columbia, a list of the names of all persons, citizens of
States in which the administration of the laws has contin-
ued unimpaired in the said Federal courts, who are now, or
may hereafter be, held as prisoners of the United States in
any fort, arsenal, ot other place, as State or political prison-
ers or otherwise than as prisoners of war; the said list to
contain the names of all such who reside in the respective
iuri&dictions of said judges, or who may be deemed by the
said Secretaries, or either of them, to have violated any law
of the United States in any of said jurisdictions, and also the
date of each arrest. And in all cases where a grand jury,
bavins attended said eouits, or either of them having juris-
diction in the premises, sincethearrestol said persons,has
terminated its session without finding an indictment or pre-
sentment, or other proceeding against such persons, and in
case* hereinafter provided for, it shalt be the duty of said
judges forthwith to order the discharge of such prisoner from
said imprisonment, and every officer of the United fetates
having custody of such prisoner is hereby directed imme-
diately to obey and execute said judge's order; and m case
he shall delay or refuse so to do, he shall be subject to in-
dictment tor a misdemeanor, and ho punished by a fine of
not less than $500, and imprisonment in the common jail
for a period not less-than six months, in the discretion of
the court. v«.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in case any ot
such prisoners shall be under indictment or presentment
for any offense against the laws of the United States, and
by existing laws bail or recognizance may be taken for the
appearance for trial of such person, it shall be the duty of
said judges at once to discharge such person upon bail or
recognizance for trial as aforesaid. And in case the said
Secretaries ofState and War shall for any reason lefuseor
omit to furnish the said list within five days from and after
the passage of this act, any citizen may, by a petition alleg-
ing tiie facts aforesaid touching any of the persons so as
aforesaid imprisoned, supported by the oath of such peti-
tioner or any other credible person, obtain and be entitled
to have the said judge's order to discharge such prisoner:
Provided, however. That the said judge shall be satisfied
such allegations are true, and shall also in all cases included
in the provisions of this bill, or if the public safety shall re-
quire it, have power and be required to lake a recognizance
or bail from such prisoner to keep the peace and be of good
behavior towards the United States, and also to appear be-
fore the proper court, if he shall deem the same necessary
after due examination of the case, and it shall be the duty
of the district attorney of the United States to attend at
such examination by said judge.
Sec. 3. •grnl be it further enacted, That it is and shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, whenever, in
his judgment, by reason of" rebellion or invasion, the pub-
lic safety may require it," to suspend by proclamation the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus throughout the United
States, or in any part thereof; and whenever and wherever
the said writ shall be suspended as aforesaid, it shall be un-
lawful for any of the judges of the several courts of the Uni-
ted States or of any State to allow said writ, anything in
this act or in any other act to the eontrary notwithstanding.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to move to strike out the
third section of the bill. With that exception I
desire to see it-passed. «
The SPEAKER* The motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. OLIN. Then I object to the engrossment
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is already engrossed.
Mr. J3INGHAM called for tellers on the pre-
vious question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Blake and
Morris were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G6, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the hill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (S. No.
379) to amend an act entitled " An act' to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 2,1862; when the Speaker signed the
same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Seriate insists on
