242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to suggest that war i  a proper mode of deciding
it, is simply to revive, m colossal proportions,
the exploded ordeal by battle, and to imitate those
dark ages when such proceeding was openly de-
clared to be the best and most honorable mode of
deciding even an abstract point of law. " It was
a matter of doubt and dispute," says an early
historian, "whether the sons of a soil ought to
be reckoned among the children of the family,
and succeed equally with their uncles, if their
father happened to die while their grandfather was
alive. An assembly was called to deliberate on
this point, and it was the general opinion that it
ought to be remitted to the examination and de-
cision of judges. But the emperor, following a
better course, and desirous of dealing honorably
with his people and nobles, appointed the matter
to be decided by battle between twochampions."
In similar spirit has it been latterly proposed,
amidst the amazement of the civilized world, to
withdraw the point of law, now raised by Great
Britain, from peaceful adjudication and submit it
to trial by combat. But the irrational anachronism
of such a proposition becomes more flagrant from
the inconsistency of the party which makes it;
for it cannot be forgotten that, in times past, oh
this identical point of law, Great Britain persist-
ently held an opposite ground from that which she
now takes.
The British complaint seems to have been nar-
rowed down to a single point; but it is not to be
disguised that there are yet other points on which,
had the ship been carried into port for adjudica-
tion, controversy must have arisen. Not to omit
anything important, let me say that the four fol-
lowing points, among others, have been presented
in the case:
1. That the seizure of the rebel emissaries,
without taking the .ship into port, was wrong,
inasmuch as a Navy officer is not entitled to substi-
tute himself for a judicial tribunal.
2. That had the ship been carried into port, it
would not have been liable on account of the rebel
emissaries, inasmuch as neutral ships are free to
carry all persons not apparently in the military
or naval service of the enemy.
3. Arc dispatches contraband of war, so as to
render the ship liable to seizure?
4. Are neutral ships,carrying dispatches, liable
to be stopped between two neutral ports >
These matters I shall consider m their order,
giving special attention to the first, which is the
pivot of the British complaint. If in this discus-
sion I shall expose grievances which it were better
to forget, be assured it is from no willingness to
revive the buried animosities they once so justly
aroused, but simply to exhibit the proud position
on this question which the United States early and
constantly maintained.
A question of international law should not bo
presented on any mere argument am ad hominem.
It would be of little value to show that Captain
Wilkes was sustained by British authority and
practice, if he were condemned by international
law as interpreted by his own country. It belongs
to us now, nay, let it be our pride, at any cost of
individual prepossessions or transitory prejudices,
to uphold that law in all its force, as it was often
declared by the best m<in m our history, and illus-
trated by national acts; and letus seize the present
occasion to consecrate its positive and unequivo-
cal recognition. ^ In exchange for the prisoners
set free, we receive from Great Britain a practical
assent, too long deferred, to a principle early pro-
pounded by our country, and standing forth on
every page of ou^history. The same voice which
asks for their hbeiation, renounces in the same
breath an odious pretension, fur whole genera-
tions the scourge of peaceful commerce.
Great Britain throughout her municipal history
has practically contributed to the establishment of
freedom beyond all other nations. There are at
least seven institutions or piinciples which she
has given to civilization: first, the tiial by jury; ,
secondly, the writ of habeas corpus; thirdly, the J!
fieedom ot the press; fouithly, bills of n°'hts; j'
fifthly, tin* lepiesentutive system: sixthly, the
rules and orders ot di ba'e,eunstituiini; parliament- p
ary law; and seventhly, the [>n icij'iK' that the an !
is too puie for a slave to bn-nthe—!oo-r c!e- '
clared and first mad** a i
law. 2s<
other nation can show such pencHul tnumphs.
But while thus entitled to our gratitude for glon-
ous contributions to municipal law, we turiMvith
dissent and sorrow from much which she has
sought to fasten upon international law. In mu-
nicipal questions, Great Britain drew inspiration
from her own native common law, which was
instinct with freedom; but especially in maritime
questions arising under the law of nations this
Power seems to have acted on that obnoxious
principle of the Roman law, positively discarded
in municipal questions, Quod principi placuit legis
xlgoremhabet,and too often,under this inspiration,
to have imposed upon weaker nations her own
arbitrary will. The time has been when she pre-
tended to sovereignty over the seas surrounding
the British isles, as far as Cape Finisterre to the
south, and Vanstaten in Norway to the north.
But driven from this pretension, other pretensions,
less local but hardly less offensive, were avowed.
The boast of "Rule, Britannia, rule the waves,"
was practically adopted by British courts of ad-
miralty, and universal maritime rights were sub-
jected to the special exigencies of British interests.
In the consciousness of strength, and with a navy
that could not be opposed, this Power has put
chains upon the sea.
The commerce of the United States, as it began
to whiten the ocean, was cruelly decimated by
these arbitrary pretensions. American ships and
cargoes, while, in the language of Lord Russell,
" pursuing a lawful and innocent voyage," suf-
fered from the British admiralty courts more than
from rock or tempest. Shipwreck was less fre-
quent than confiscation; and when it came, it was
easier to bear. But the loss of property stung
less than the outrage of impressment, by which
foreigners, under the protection of the American
llag, and also American citizens, without any
form of trial, aud at the mere mandate of a navy
officer, who for the moment acted as a judicial
tribunal, wore dragged away from the deck winch
should have been to them a sacred altar. This
outrage, which was feebly vindicated by the mu-
nicipal claim of Great Britain to the services of
her own subjects, was enforced arrogantly and
perpetually on the high seas, where municipal
law is silent and international law alone prevails.
The belligerent light of search, derived fiom in-
ternational law, was employed for this purpose,
and the quaitei-deck ofevety Butish cruiser was
madcafloatmg judgment-scat. The practice began
early, and was continued constantly; nor did it
discriminate among its victims. It is mentioned
by Mr. Jefferson, and repeated by a British writer
on international law, that two nephews of Wash-
ington, on their way home from Europe, were
ravished from the protection of the American fla«r,
without any judicial proceedings, and placed as
common seamen under the ordinary discipline of
British ships of war. The victims were counted
by thousands. Lord Castlereagh himself admit-
ted, on the floor of the House of Commons, that
an inquiry instituted by the British Government
had discovered in the British fleet three thou-
sand five hundred men claiming to be impressed
Americans. At our Department of State six
thousand cases wore recorded, and it was es-
timated that at least as many more might have
occurred, of which no information had "been re-
ceived. Thus, according to this official admission
of the Butish minister, there was reason to be-
lieve that the quartci-deck of a Butish man-of-
war had been made a floating judgment-seat three
thousand five hundred times, while, according to
the records of our own State Department, it had
been made a floating judgment-seat six thousand
times and upwards; and each time an American
citizen had been taken from the protection of his
llag without any form of trial known to the law.
If a pretension so intrinsically lawless could be
sanctioned by precedent, Great Britain would
have succeeded in inteipoiating it into the law of
nations.
Protest, argument, negotiation, correspondence,
and war itself—unhappily the last reason of rc- i
publics as of kings—were all employed in vain by !
the United States to procure a renunciation of this i
intolerable pretension. The ablest papers in our !
diplomatic history are devoted to this puipose; I
and the only serious war in which we have been 1
engaged, ami! summoned to encounter this k.lx'1- !
was to ove iconic by arms tins vi ry pretension
which would not yu!d to uason. CegmiiiiHi m •;
the last centiny, the correspondence is at List '■
closed by^tho recent reply of Mr. Sew,ird to Lord |
Lyons. The long-continued occasion of conflict 11
is now happily removed, and the pretension dis-
appears forever—to take its place among the curi-
osities of the past.
But I do not content myself with asserting the
persistent opposition of the American Govern-
ment. It belongs to the argument, that I should
exhibit this opposition and the precise ground on
which it was pIacc(L^-being identical with that now
adopted by Great iStain. And here the testimony
is complete. If you will kindly follow me, you
shall sec it from the beginning in the public life
of our country, and in the authentic records of
our Government.
This British pretension aroused and startled the
Administration of Washington, and the pen of
Mr. Jefferson, his Secretary of State, was enlisted
against it. In a letter to Thomas Pinckney, our
minister at London, dated June 11, 1792, he said:
" The simplest rule will bo that the vessel being Ameri-
can shall be evidence that the seamen on board her are
In another letter to the same minister, dated
October 12, 17132, he calls attention to a case of
special outrage, as follows:
C inclose you a copy of a letter from Messrs. Blow and
Melhaddo. meichantsot Viigmia, complaining, of the taking
away of their sailors on tiie coast of Africa by the com-
mander of a British aimed vessel. So many instances of
tins kind have happened that it is quite necessary that their
Government should explain themselves on the subject, and
be led to disavow and punish such conduct."—State Papers,
vol. 3, p. 574.
The same British pretension was put forth un-
der the Administration of John Adams, and was
again encountered. Mr. Pickering, at that time
Seeretaiy of State, in a letter to Rufus King, our
minister at London, dated June 8, 1796, after re-
peating the rule proposed by Mr. Jefferson, says:
ik But it will bo an impoitant point gained, if on the high
scai ourjl a* can protect those of whatever nation who & hall
a ail under it. And ibi tins humanity, as well as interest,
powonuJly pleads."—State Papers, vol. 3, p. 574.
And again, at a later day, during the same Ad-
ministration, Mr. Marshall, afterwards the ven-
erated Chief Justice of the United States, and at
the time Secretary of State, in his instructions to
Rufus King,at London, dated September 20,1800,
says:
"Tne impressment of om seamen is an injury of very
pouou-i magnitude, which deeply affects the feelings and
the honoi of the nation.-" * 11 * * ''Alien
seamen, not 13itii>,h t-ubieets, engaged in our meichant ser-
vice, ought to be equally exempt with citizens. Butain has
no pretext ot iiglit to ih'cii persons or to their service. To
tear than from our possession is at the same time an insult
and an injury It is an aet of violence lor which thcie exists
no palliative.5'—State Papers, vol. 2, p. 489.
The same British pretension showed itself con-
stantlyunder the Administration ofMr. Jefferson.
Throughout the eight years of his Presidency, the
lepeated outrages of British cruisers never for a
moment allowed it to be forgotten. Mr. Madison
during this full period was Secretary of State, and
none of the varied productions of his pen are more
masterly than those in which he exposed the tyr-
anny of this pretension. In the course of this
discussion he showed the special hardship found
in the fact that the sailors were taken from the
ship at the mere will of an officer, without any
form of judicial proceedings, and thus early pre-
sented against the pretension of Great Britain the
precise objection which is now adopted by her.
Here arc his cmphatic woids, m his culebiated
instructions to Mr. Monroe,at that time our min-
ister at London, dated January 5, 1804:
'< Takins* iea-.nn and ju>tu''' loi the UM-- of tln« practice,
it h peeuhai ly indc/cnsible, hrcause it depriies the dearest
ii "hi? of j)C7 no/k of u regulai tiiat. to which the most incon-
Mdemhle aitielo of propeirv captuml on the high sea;-is
entitled, aud leaves the destiny to tne will or' an officer,
M>metiuie> cruel, often ignoiant. and generally mteiesled,
bvuaiii of jiiaimeis, m his own decisions. YVhenevei
piopoitv iound in a neutral vessel it? supposed to be liable,
oil anv mound, to captme and condemnation, the rule in
all eaM s i<. that the question Miall not be decided by Use
eaptoi. Inn be earned beloie a legal tribunal, wlicic a leg-
al.'! ti iai iiiav he had, and wheie the eaptoi hun-elf is liable
to damages lor an abuse ot Ins powei. Can it be iea-on-
ahle, then, or just, that a belligerent commander who i^
thn^ rumicted, and thu^ le^pon^ible in a casu ot mere prop-
cih of trivial amount, should be permitted, v.ithout recur-
i uo; I 'J anii IriL'inal whatever, lo examine the crc:r of a iicu
tral vessel, to decide the impoi tant question of their rcipcJinc
aHc^ova and to enoy that d<jeiMon info <'.\enntion by
forcing cve>y mdi\ idu.U h-' mav choo>e into a s'-rv ic; ab
]'oi i m to in- deling-, eintii"; I'un oit from In-? mo-^i t'-n ler
( o)i.!v\-uon exposing b. • liiMi.l ami in « p , - o;> *•> the :.i >. t
hti'i! sMiu.i d'-c.p!. a.. and In-, hie ii ,< li V\-:  !• at' --t
imr mi tin-a --oexu.tvag.nit a pi
vol 'A, p
inn. mm i
) •  edmu.
Negotiations, on this principle, thus distinctly
