1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
be admitted here without investigating those
charges,becausehc voted against that very amend-
ment, and there is no escape from it.
Sir, I am for investigating disloyalty anywhere
and everywhere. I would keep it out of the pres-
ence of the Senate Chamber; it should not enter
the threshold of the Capitol; but if it gets here and
I cannot keep it out of doors, I will turn it out if 1
can afterwards. I do not wish in these remarks to
pass upon the testimony. I give no opinion upon
whether it amounts to disloyalty or not; but I say,
in my judgment, it was the constitutional duty of
this body to protectitselfatthe threshold from the
entry into the body of any person against whom
there was probable cause upon which to base a
charge of disloyalty.
It was against the fearful precedent that was set
that I protested. I think it was the most danger-
ous ever set in the American Senate—a precedent
that will be more fatal to us, I fear, in the future,
than any vote that has been given during my ex-
perience here, or any that I have ever read of in
the annals of the country. The Senator from
Oregon was admitted, the charges of disloyalty to
the contrary notwithstanding. It is a precedent
that a man dripping all over with disloyalty and
treason, and felpny, if you please, may present
himself here, and his acts, his conduct, and his
character, in these respects, however infamous,
shall not be inquired into. As I said in the few
remarks I had the honor of submitting to the Sen-
ate when the question was under consideration, a
precedent was set. which would admit the very
chief of traitors upon this floor. It puts the Sen-
ate of the United States in the power of traitors.
They may achieve a greater triumph over this
Government, do more to destroy its institutions,
and to subvert the Constitution, by sending their
traitors here to-day armed with thirty years of
life, nine years citizenship, and an inhabitancy of
the States in rebellion, with credentials from their
traitor Governors, than by continuing this war.
I want to know, when you vote that a person
charged with disloyalty shall be admitted here,
those charges to the contrary notwithstanding,
and say you will not investigate them, can you
investigate the charge of treason made against
Gideon J. Pillow when he comes hero with the
credentials ofGovcrnor Harris, ofTenncsscc, and
it appears that ho is thirty years of age, has been
nine years a citizen of the United States, and is an
inhabitant of Tennessee ?
Sir, it was that dangerous precedent which I
deplored; and I do not wish now to be placed in
a wrong position by these positive declarations,
that under the Constitution a person is entitled to
a seat here, and that the State gives him a seat in
this body, the authority of the Senate to the con-
trary notwithstanding. The State elects him; but
it is here that ho is admitted and qualified. I ad-
mit that the qualifications for a Senator are pre-
scribed by the Constitution of the United States;
but the Constitution of the United States contains
no clause preventing a man suffering for the crimes
he commits. If he is a traitor, guilty of the great-
est crime which man can commit, [ think it is a
fitting and proper disqualification for his coming
here.
If the Senator from Oregon desires an investi-
gation of this matter I shall vote for the resolu-
tion, though I will not vote to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciaiy. We have had this matter
once before us; and 1 trust if this resolution is to
be referred it will go to some other committee. I
do not think any good will arise from re-referring
it to flint committee. 1 am not prepared to speak
for the others, but my own impression is that no
member of the committee desires this resolution
to be re-referred to them. 1 certainly do not.
Mr. HOWE. When I was a very little child,
I learned somehow or other not to he much terri-
fied at what was known as sheet lightning; and
since I have grown older, I have learned to stand
up tolerably well against what is known as home-
brewed thunder.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois has re-
marked with a great deal more emphasis, I think,
than accuracy, that he discovered strong symp-
toms of uneasiness in myself. I have not discov-
ered the symptoms, and I do not know how he
happened to do it. I have not felt at ail uneasy
about this matter. I did say to the Senate that I
felt a little embarrassed in proposing to proceed
to the consideiation of this resolution, simply be-
cause of the effort that I thought had been made
to place those m a false position who now favor
this reference. That is ail that occasioned my un-
easiness, oranythinglike uneasiness. I disclaimed
any embarrassment consequent upon the vote I
gave the other day. I disclaim it again.
The Senator speaks somewhat sneeringly that
I avowed myself to be as anxious as others for
the purity of this body; and%he announces, still I
think with a great deal more emphasis than ac-
curacy, that I voted to admit impurity upon this
floor. When and how? I voted to admit the rep-
resentative that Oregon sent here. Was that im-
purity? Who says so? Not the Senator from
Illinois. He does not say there was any impurity
in that representative. No man says it. Not the
organ of the Senate; no member of the Senate has
asserted it; and I say again, it was with more em-
phasis than accuracy he made the remark that I
had voted to admit impurity upon this floor.
He talks of precedents, and the danger of the
precedent we set here, because we admitted upon
this floor a representative from a State entitled to
the same privileges of representation that Illinois
or Wisconsin has, and a representative she sent
here against whose loyalty no member of the Sen-
ateassertsanythinguponhisrcsponsibility. That,
the Senator tells us—still I think with more em-
phasis than accuracy—is a precedent for admitting
those who may come hereafter all reeking with
treason. I think not. I think when a man comes
up here reeking with treason, somebody will be
found willing to assert it; it will be recognized.
The Senator has reminded the Senate that he
was in favor of having the loyalty of the repre-
sentative from Oregon investigated; and that I
voted against the investigation. The Senator is
mistaken again. I never voted against investi-
gation. I never proposed for a moment to vote
against investigation. I want investigation; but I
would not say to Oregon, your representative shall
not have a seat here until somebody is prepared
to assert he is not fit to sit here. Until somebody
was prepared to say that, IthoughtOrcgon should
have her representation upon this floor. If we
want light upon this question, let us have it as
light is ordinarily obtained, by inquiry, by inves-
tigation. 1 know of no other way to get it. Why
sftould I assume that the representative from Ore-
gon was disloyal, when no man said he was; when
no man will say he was?
I think there is no danger from any precedent
we have set. I think there is no occasion for any
heat or any excitement not necessarily springing
out of this question. I am not so entirely clear
that occasion for heat and excitement may not
spring out of the method of discussing it. i will
give no occasion for it, if 1 can help it. I have
impugned no man. I have charged no man's
vote as disastrous. I have charged no man with
assaulting the Constitution, except the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and while I
charged him with it the other day, I admitted that
I was just as guilty of it in his estimation as he
was in mine. I thought I made that matter all
square with him. Nobody else has had any occa-
sion to find fault with what I said, and he had
none, for he found no fault.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Browning] undertook to question the accuracy
of astatementImade,andcjuestioned itby whole-
sale. He said I totally misunderstood him, and
so much so that he undertook to censure me for
my general habit on the floor for letting my zeal
outrun my knowledge. 1 want to meet that
charge right here before the Senate, and before
the country, not by any comments of mine, but
by reading from the Globe exactly what he did
say, and without commcnt to leave it to the Sen-
ate and the country to say whose zeal outran his
knowledge:
J of coursc accept the explanation ; but I desire to say
in eonncetion with it, that I exploded no opinion what-
ever either ot'the loyalty oi disloyalty of the Senator fiom
Oies;un, because, to my judgment, it wa-; a question not
befoic in, and it was not proper to be di>cussed, and not
pioper to be acted upon. The ground upon which I based
my action was simply this—and 1 understood it to be the
giound on winch all those who voted as T did based their
action—that, under (he Constitution of the. United States,
any pci=on \\ ho is thutv years of age, who has been nine
yoais a citizen of' the United State*, and who at the time
i oi* Ills election is a resident oi the State for which he h
i electcd. and who ha*, been elected or appointed, and litis
| aeeepied the appointment, is a Senatoi of the United States,
II in advance even of taking the oath of office. That was the
li position I assumed yesterday, and, so far as I know, no
one controverted it. I heard no Senator express his dis-
sent from the position, that when a person is duly clected
a Senator of the United States, if he possesses the qualifi-
cations of thirty years of age, of having been nine years a
citizen of the United States, and of being a citizen of the
State for which hewas elected, and has accepted the office,
he is then a Senator of the United States.5'
Mr. BROWNING. I repeated all that only a
few minutes ago. The question between the Sen-
ator and myself was this: he asserted that I con-
tended when this case was before us that the Sen-
ate had no power to investigate the case until
after the Senator was admitted upon the floor and
had taken the oath. That was the question.
Mr. HALE. I said he said the question of
loyalty was an indifferentone; thatit was no mat-
ter whether the Senator from Oregon was loyal
or not. I will not comment on it. The record is
Mr. BROWNING. I am perfectly content
with the record as it is.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say a word or two
in vindication of my own vote. Since I have been
a member of this body, on every occasion when
the question has arisen, the Republican Senators
have maintained that the eligibility of a Senator
elect to a seat, or the validity of his election, may
be investigated before his admission. It has been
uniformally admitted that a Senator's credentials
are prima facie evidence of his right to a seat; and
if not called in question, a Senator presenting them
should be qualified and admitted, but that this
presumption of title may be overcome by rebut-
ting testimony, and that in every such case the
Senate has the right to investigate the whole sub-
ject in advance of his admission. This subject
was discussed at great length in the cases of
Messrs. Bright and Fitch, Senators elect from In-
diana. In these cases, and I think in every other
case which has arisen since I have had the honor
of a seat, preceding the present case, every Re-
publican Senator has sustained this position, as
will be seen by reference to their recorded opin-
ions and votes in the Congressional Globe. I be-
lieve that the lawyers on this side of the Chamber
who took that position and defended and main-
tained it for so long a period and with such abil-
ity, were right. I still think so.
Hence, when the Senator from Oregon presented
credentials raising a presumption of eligibility and
title to a seat, and this presumption was confronted
by the sworn testimony of a large number of wit-
nesses tending to prove his disloyalty to the Gov-
ernment, I believed it to be my duty to vote to
refer the question to the committee for investiga-
tion. The committee refused to investigate and
report on the truth of the charges, but reported a
! resolution declaring that the Senator had a right
i to be admitted to a seat, notwithstanding these
sworn allegations of disloyalty, in advance of an
investigation. I voted against their resolution.
In this I sustained the doctrines of the Constitu-
tion, which had been uniformly maintained by
the Republican lawyers of this body. In casting
this vote I did not suppose I was voting to expel
a Senator by less than a two thirds vote, as re-
quired by the Constitution, as intimated by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Browning.] In fact
that question had not been raised in this case.
The import of my vote was that the Senate should
investigate the truth of these sworn charges be-
fore the Senator elect is admitted to a seat. But
a majority of the Senate decided otheiwise. The
Senator was admitted. But in voting to admit
the Senator to his seat, the question of his loy-
alty was not necessarily decided. The report of
the committee expressly repels such a conclusion.
Many Senators in their arguments stated dis-
tinctly that their vote to admit the Senator should
not be held as a bar to a future investigation of
the truth of the charges of disloyalty. The Sen-
ator himself so understood the import of this de-
cision of the Senate, and consequently offered this
resolution. And the Senate has unifoimly held
that the admission of a Senator on the faith of his
credentials, without inquiry or investigation, is
no bar to future adjudication. The Senate hav-
ing decided that these charges of disloyalty should
not be investigated before the Senator's admis-
sion to a scat, does not, in my opinion, obviate
its necessity now. I do not perceive that his ad-
mission has settled the question of the truth or
falsehood of the charges made against him; and
hence I feel it to be my duty to vote for the ref-
erence, although I then thought that the investi-
