1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
declared, were intrustedat London to James Mon-
roe, afterwards President of the United States, and
to WiUiamPinkney,the most accomplished mas-
ter of prize law which our country has produced.
But they were unsuccessful. Great Britain per-
sisted. In a joint letter dated at London, Septem-
ber XI, 1806, the plenipotentiaries say:
"That it was impossible that wc should acknowledgeiu
favor of any foreign Power the claim to such jurisdiction on
hoard our vessels found upon the main ocean, as this sort of
impressment implied—a claim as plainly inadmissible in its
principle, and deiogaung fiom the unquestionable rights of
our sovereignty, as it was vexatious in its practical conse-
quences."—State Papers, vol. 3, p. 134,
In another joint letter dated at London, Novem-
ber 11, 180G, the same plenipotentiaries say:
"The right was denied by the British commissioners,
iwho asserted that of their Government to seize its subjects
on board neutral merchant vessels on the high seas, and who
also urged that the relinquishment of it at this tunc would
go far to the overthrow of their naval power, on which the
safety of the state essentially depended."—State Papers,
vol. 3, p. 133.
In still another letter, dated at London, April
32, 1807, Messrs. Monroe and Pinkney say of the
British commissioners:
" They stated that the prejudice of the navy and of the
countiy generally was so strong in favor of their pretension
that the ministry could not encounter it in a diicct foim ;
and that in auth the support of Parliament could not have
been relied on in such a case."—State Papers, vol. 3, p. 160.
The British commissioners wore two excellent
persons, Lord Holland and Lord Auckland; but
though friendly to the United States in their
declarations, and Liberals in politics, they were
powerless.
At home in the United States the question con-
tinued to be discussed by able writers. Among
those, whose opinions were of the highest author-
ity, was the late President, John Adams, who
from his retirement at Quincy sent forth a pam-
phlet, dated January 9,1809, in which the British
pretension was touched to the quick; and again
the precise objection was presented which is now
urged by Great Britain. Depicting the scene
when one of our ships is encountered by a British
cruiser, he says:
"The lieutenant is to be the judge, the midshipman is
to be clerk, and the boatswain sheiift" or marshal." * *
* * " It is impossible to figiue to ouiselves, in imagin-
ation, this solemn tribunal and veneiable judge without
smiling, till the humiliation of our countiy comes into our
thoughts and interrupts the seu&e of udicule bv the tears of
grief or vengeance."—John Jidams^s Works ^ vol. 9, p. 322.
At last all redress through negotiation was
found to be impossible; and this pretension, ag-
gravated into multitudinous tyranny, was openly
announced to be one of the principal reasons for
the declaration of war against Great Britain in
1812. In his message to Congress, dated June l,of
that year, Mr. Madison, who was now President,
thus exposed the offensive characterof this preten-
sion; and his words, directed against a persistent
practice, are now echoed by Great Britain, in the
single instance which has accidentally occurred:
" Could the seizure of ButiMi subject* in such cases be
regaideda«! within the exeieiseof a beiligcicnt right, the
acknowledged laws of war, which foibid an article oi cap-
tured ptoperty to be adjudged without a regulai investiga-
tion before a competent tubunul, would imperiously demand
the fairest trial where the sacred rights of persons ivere at
issue. In place oj such a trial, these rights are subjected to
the will of every pcltu commander."—Statesman's Manual,
vol. 2, p.'294.
While the war was waging the subjcct was still
discussed. Mr. Grundy, of Tennessee, in the
House of Representatives, in a report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, said:
" A subaltern or any other officer of the fliitisli navy
ought not to be ai biter in such aca^c. The liboity and lives
of American citizens ought not to depend on the will of
such a pnity."—Slate Papers, vol. 3, p. 6U.>.
Such was the American ground. The British pre-
tension was unhesitatingly proclaimed in the dec-
laration of the Prince Recent,afterwards George
IV, given at the palace of Westminster, Januaiy
9, 1813:
" The President of the United Stales ha<, iti« tme.sincc
proposed to Gieat Britain an aimi'Uer; nr.t, however, on
the admission that the eause oi wai lutheito idled on w,i>
removed; but oil condition that Great P ut:un.ava piohni-
inaiy stop, should do away a eau-o of \\;u now luou^ht
foiwaul as such for the (n>t tune, namely, that "he should \
abandon the exercise of her cndoubti'I) high v of search to \
take fiom vlmcrican merchant vessels JJriti&h seamen, the |
natural-horn sub/a ts of his Majcstu. j
" Uis lloy.il Highness can nevei admit that, m the exer- ,
eiso of the undoubted and hitherto undisputed nsht of
searching ncntrahnerchant vessels hit imp of war. theimprcs<•- !
ment oj British seamen, when found theiein, can be deemed
any violation of a neutral flag. Neither can he admit that |
the taking of such seamen from on board such vessels can
be considered by any neutral State as a hostile measure or a
justifiable caujc of war."
The war was closed by the treaty at Ghent; but
perversely the British pretension was not re-
nounced. Other negotiations in 1818, under Pres-
ident Monroe; in 1823, also under Monroe; and
again in 1827,, under John Quincy Adams, ex-
pressly to procure its renunciation, were all un-
availing. At last, in 1842, at the treaty of Wash-
ington, Mr. "Webster, calmly setting aside all idea
of farther negotiation on this pretension, and with-
out even proposing any stipulation with regard to
it, deliberately announced the principle irrevocably
adopted by our Government. It was the princi-
ple early announced at the beginning of the He-
public by Mr. Jefferson. This dispatch is one of
the most memorable in our history, and it bears
directly on the existing controversy when, in ex-
posing the British pretension, it says:
" But the lieutenant of a man-of-war, having necessity
for men,is apt to be a sutamary judge, and ins decisions will
be quite as significant ofiiis own wants and his own power
as of tlie truth and justice of the case."—WchUer's Works,
vol. 6, p. 3-23.
At a later day still, on the very eve of recent
events, we find General Cass, as Secretary of
State, in his elaborate instructions to our minis-
ters in Europe, dated 27th June, 1859, declaring
principles which may properly control the pres-
ent question. He says;
" It i=i obvious, Irom tlic temper of the age, that the pres-
cnt is no safe time to assert and enfoice pretensions on the
pait of belligeient Poweis affecting the interest of nations
at peace, unless such pretensions are clearly justified by the
law of nations." * * * * uThe stopping of
neutial vessels upon the high seas, their forcible entrance,
and the oveihauhng and examination of their cargoes, the
seizuic of their ircight, at the will of ajoreign officer, the
liequent interruption of their voyages by compelling them
to change their destination, in order to seek redress; and,
above all, the abuses which ai e so prone to accompany the ex-
ercise of unlimited poiver, where responsibility is remote ;
these aie, indeed, serious obstructions, little likely to be
submitted to in Hie present «tate of the woild without a
foimidable efl'oit to prevent them.'3
Such is an authentic lnstoryof tliis British pre-
tension, and of the manner in which it has been
met by our Government. And now the spccial
argument formerly directed by us against this
pretension is directed by Great Britain against the
pretension of Captain Wilkes to take two rebel
emissaries from a British packet ship. If Captain
Wilkes is rig]) t in fins pretension, then throughout
all these international debates, extending over at
least two generations, we have been wrong.
Bat it has been sometimes said the steam packet
having on board the rebel emissaries was on this
account liable to capture, and therefore the error
of Captam Wilkes in taking the emissaries was
simply an error of form and not of substancc. I
do not stop to consider whether an exercise of
summary power against which our Government
has so constantly protested can be under any cir-
cumstances an error merely of form, for the policy
of our Government, most positively declared in
Us diplomacy, and also attested in numerous trea-
ties, leaves no room to doubt that a neutral ship
with belligerent passengers—not in the military or
naval service—is not liable to capture, and there-
fore the whole proceeding was wrong, not only
because the passengers were taken from the ship,
but also because the ship, howsoever guilty mor-
ally, was not guilty legally in receiving such pas-
scngcis on board. It* tins question were argued
on English authorities it might be otherwise; but
according to American principles the ship was
legally innocent. Of course, I say nothing of the
moral guilt foiever indelible in that ship.
In the middle of the last century, the Swiss
professor Vattel declared that on the breaking out
of war we cease to be under any obligation of
leaving the enemy to the free enjoyment of his
rights: and this principle he applied loosely to the
transit of embassadors. (Vattel, book 4, cap. 7,
sec. 85.) Sir William Scott, afterwards known in
the peerage as Lord Stowell, quoting this author-
ity, at the beginning of the present century, let
fall these words:
"The belligerent may stop the embassador of the enemy
on hN passage.'"—The ^italania, G Robinson R-. p. 410.
And this curt proposition, though in some respects
indefinite, has been often repeated since by writers
on the law of nations. On its face it leaves the ques-
tion unsettled, whether the emissaries of an unrec-
ognized government can be stopped? But there
is another case in which the same British judge,
who has done so much to illustrate international
law, has used language which seems to embrace
not only authentic embassadors but also pretend-
ers to this character, and all others who are public
agents of the enemy. Says this eminent magis-
trate :
" It appears to me on principle to be but reasonable that
whenever it is of sufficient importance to the enemy that
such persons should be sent out on the public service and at
the public expense, it should afford equal ground of forfeit-
ure against the vessel that may he let out for a purpose so
intimately connected with hostile operations."—The Oro-
zembo, 6 Robinson R., p. 434.
Admit that the emissaries of an unrecognized
government cannot be recognized as embassadors
with the liabilities as well as immunities of this
character, yet, in the face of these words, it is dif-
ficult to see how a Government bowing habitually
to the authority of Sir William Scott, and regard-
ing our rebels as "belligerents,"can assert thata
steam packet, conveying emissaries from these
belligerents, "sent out on the public service and
at the public expense," was, according to the lan-
guage of Lord Russell, "pursuing a lawful and
innocent voyage." At least, in this assertion,
this Go vcrnment seems to turn its back again upon
its own history; or it sets aside the facts so openly
boasted with regard to the public character of
these fugitives.
On this question British policy may change with
circumstances, and British precedents may be un-
certain, but the original American policy is un-
changeable, and the American precedents which
illustrate it are solemn treaties. The words of
Yattel, and the judgments of Sir William Scott,
were well known to the statesmen of the United
States; and yet, in the face of these authorities,
which have entered so largely into this debate, the
American Government at an early day deliberately
adopted a contrary policy, to which, for half a
oentury, it has steadily adhered. It was plainly
declared that only soldiers or officers could be stopped,
thus positively excluding the idea of stopping em-
bassadors, or emissaries of any kind, not in the
military or naval service. Mr. Madison, who
more than any other person shaped our national
policy on maritime rights, has stated it on this
question. In his remarkable dispatch to Mr. Mon-
roe, at London, dated January 5, 1804, he says:
"The article renounces the claim to take fiom the ves-
sels of the neutral party, on the high seas, any peison what-
ever not in the military service oj an enemy, an exception
which we admit t,o come within the law of nations, on the
subjcct of contraband of war. With this exception, we con-
sider a neutral jlag on the high seas as a safeguard to those
sailing under if."—State Papers, vol. 3, p. '83.
Then again, in the same dispatch, Mr. Madison
says:
" Great Britain, then, must produce an exception in the
law of nations in favor of the right she contends for. In
what wiitten and received authority will she find it? In
what usage, except her own, will it'be found ?" * *
* * " But nowhere will she find an exception to this
freedom of the seas and of neutral flags, which justifies the
taking away of any person, not an enemy in military ser-
vice., tound on board a neutral vessel."—ibid., p. 84.
And then, again, in the same dispatch, he says:
u Whenever a belligerent claim against persons on board
a neutral vessel is referred to in treaties, enemies in mili-
tary service alone are excepted from the general immunity
of pei sons in that situation; and this exception confirms the
immunity of those who are not included in it-iy—Ibid., p. 84.
It was in pursuance of this principle, thus
clearly announced and repeated, that Mr. Madi-
son instructed Mr. Monroe to propose a conven-
tion between the United States and Great Britain,
containing the following stipulation:
" No person whatevei shall, upon the high seas and with-
out the jurisdiction ot either party, be demanded oi taken
out of any ship or vessel belonging to citizens oi subjects
of one of the parties by the public or private armed ships
belonging to or in the service of the Other, unless such per-
son be at the time in the military service of an enemy of such
other party."—Hid., p. 82.
Mr. Monroe pressed this stipulation most earn-
estly upon the British Government; but though
treated courteously, he could get no satisfaction
with regard to it. Lord Harrowby, the Foreign
Secretary, m one of his conversations, " expressed
a concern to find the United States opposed to
Great Britain on certain great neutral questions
in favor of the doctrines of the modern law, which
he termed novelties(State Papers, vol. 3, p.
99.) And Lord Mulgrave, who succeeded this
accomplished nobleman, persevered in the same
dissent. Mr. Monroe writes, under date of 18th
October, 1805:
<£ On a review of the conduct of this Government towards
the United States, I am incfined to think that the delay
