244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Which has been so studiously sought is part of a system, and
that it is intended, as ciicumstanoes favor, to subject our
commerce at present and hereafter to every restraint in
their power."—State Papers, vol. 3, p. 107.
Afterwards Mr. Monroe was joined, as we have
already seen, by Mr. Pnikneyin the mission to
London, and the two united in piesenting this
same proposition again to the British Govern-
ment. (State Papers, vol. 3, p. 137.) It was re-
jected, although the ministry of Mr. Pox, who
was then in power, seems to have afforded at one
time the expectation of an agreement.
While these distinguished plenipotentiaries were
pressing this principle at London, Mr. Madison
was maintaining it at home. In an unpublished
communication to Mr. Merry, the British minis-
ter at Washington, bearing date 9th April, 1805,
which I extract from the files of the Statu Depart-
ment, he declared:
"The United States cannot accedc to the claim of any
nation to take fiom their vessels on the lugh seas any de-
scription of persons, except soldiers in the actual seiviee of
the enemy."
In. a reply, bearing date 12th April, 1805, this
principle was positively repudiated by the Brit-
ish minister; so that the two Governments were
ranged unequivocally on opposite sides.
' The treaties of the United States with foreign
nations are in harmony with tins principle so en-
ergetically proposed and upheld by Mr. Madison;
beginning with the treaty of commerce with France
in 1778, and ending only with the treaty with Peru
in 1851. Here is the provision in the treaty with
France, negotiated by Benjamin Franklin, whose
wise forethought is always conspicuous:
"And it is hereby stipulated that free ships shall aho
give a freedom to goods, and th.u everything shall he deemed
to he free and exempt which shall be iound ou board the
ships belonging tothe *u!>jeetsot nUhei ot the coulodeiates,
although the whole hiding or any part thcieof should ap-
pertain to the enemies of eifhn, contraband good.s being
always excepted. It isalsoagreed in like mannei that the
same hbeuy be extended to persons who are on hoard a free
ship, with thus effect, that although th'*y be enemies to both
or either party, the y are nottibc taken out of that Jree ship,
unless they aic soldicis in actual scrvice of the enemies.'1—
Statutes at Large, vol. B, p. £!6.
The obvious effect of this stipulation is two-fold:
first, that enemies, unless soldiers in actual ser-
vice, shall not be taken out of a neutral ship; and
secondly, that such persons are not contraband
of war so as to affect the voyage of a neutral with
illegality. Such was the proposition of Frank-
lin, of whom it has been said, that he snatched the
lightning from the skies, and the scepter from the
tyrant. Thathe sougbtlo snatch the trident also is
attested by his whole diplomacy, of which this
proposition is apart. But the sunn; principle will
D<i found in succeeding treaties, .sometimes with a
s'ightchnngo of language. In the treaty with the
Netherlands, negotiated by John Adams in 1782,
theexeeption is cor dined to " iniithn y men actually
in the service of an enemy," (Ibid., p. «M;) and
this same exception will also be found in the treaty
with Sweden, m 178.j, (Ibid., p. 6*1;) with Prussia,
in 1785, (Ibid., p. 9iU) with Spam, in 1795, (Ibid ,
p. 146:) with Prance, m J800, (Ibid.* p. 184:) with
Columbia, in 1824, (Ibid., p. 31:2;) with Central
America, in 1805, (Ibid., p. 3:28,) with Brazil, in
1828, (Ibid., p. 393,) with Mexico, in 1831, (Ibid.,
p. 41G;) wuli Chili, in 1833, (Ibid.,p. 436:) with
Venezuela, in 1836, (Ibid., p. 472,) with Peru-
Bolivia, in 1836, (Ibid , p. 490;) with Ee.iuidor,m
1839, (Ibid., p. 540;) with New Gtanada, in 1846.
(Statutes, vol. 9, p. 888;,) with Guatemala, in
1849, (Statutes, vol. 10, p. 880;) with San Salva-
dor, in 1850, {Ibid, j p. 894;) and in the treaty with
Peiu,in 1851,(/Mrf., p.936-) Such istheunbroken
testimony, in the most solemn form, to the policy of
our Government. In 3ome of the treaties the ex-
ception is simply " soldiers," m others it is offi-
cers or soldiers." It is true that among these
treaties there is none with Great Britain; but it is
also true that this is simply because this Power
refused its assent when this principle was pre-
sented by our Government as an undoubted part
of international law winch it desired to confirm
by treaty.
Cleaily and beyond all question, according to
American principles and practice, the ship was
not liable to capture on account of the presence of
emissaries, " not soldi'1) a or officers-/5 nor could
such emissaries bo legally taken from the ship.
But the completeness of this authority is increased
by the concunmg testimony of the continent of
Europe. Since the peace of Utrecht, in 1713, the
policy of the continental States has refused to
sanction the removal of enemies from a neutral
ship, unless military men in actual service. And
now, since this debate has commenced, we have
the positive testimony of the French Government
to the same principle, given with special reference
to the present case. M. Thouvenel, the Minister
of the Emperor for Foreign Affairs, in a recent
letter communicated to Mr. Seward, rind published
with the papers now before the Senate, earnestly
insists that the rebel emissaries, not being military
persons actually in the service of the enemy, were
not subject to seizure on board a neutral ship. I
leave this question with the remark that it is Great
Britain alone whose position on it can be brought
into doubt.
But still another question occurs. Beyond all
doubt, there were " dispatches" from the rebel
belligerentson board thesbip—such " dispatches"
as rebels can write. Public report, the statement
of persons on board the ship, and the boastful
declaration of Jefferson Davis in a public docu-
ment, that these emissaries were proceeding under
an appointment from him—which appointment
would be a " dispatch " of the highest character—
seem to place this fact beyond denial. Assuming;
this fact, the ship was liable to capture and to
be carried olT for adjudication, according to Brit-
ish authorities—unless the positive judgment of
Sir William Scott in the case of the 'Atalanta, (6
Robinson R.,p. 440,) and also the Queen's proc-
lamation at the commencement of this rebellion,
where " dispatchcs" are enumerated among con-
traband articles, are treated as nullities, or so far
modified in their application as to be words, and
nothing more. But however binding and peremp-
tory these authorities may be in Great Britain,
they cannot be accepted to reverse the standing
policy of the United States, which here again
leaves no room for doubt. In order to give pre-
cision to the rights which K claimed and at the
same time accorded on the ocean, our Government
has sought to explain in treaties what it meant by
contraband. As early as 1778, in the treaty with
France, negotiated by Benjamin Franklin, after
specifying contraband articles, without including
dispatches, it is deckued that
" I'"iee goods are ail other merchandise and things which
aie not comprehended and p.ntrciilarly mentioned in the
lotegomg enumeration of eontiaband good-a/"—Statutes at
La)gej vol. 8, p. 26.
This was before the judgment of Sir William
Scott, recognizing dispatches as contraband; but
in other treaties subsequent to this judgment, and
therefore practically discarding it, after enumer-
ating contraband articles, withoutspecifymg "dis-
patches," the following provision is introduced:
"All other meichandisos and things not comprehended
in the articles of contraband explicitly enumerated and
classified a>? abov«%, shall be held and eoiiMdeied as (100.-"—
Ibul., p. 31x2 5 Treaty with Columbia and later treaties passim.
Thus we have not only positive words of enu-
meration, without mentioning " dispatches," but
also positive words of exclusion, so that dis-
patches canno the considered as contraband. These
treaties constitute the conclusive record of our
Government on this question. And hero let me
remark, that, while decisions ofBiitish Admiralty
courts on all these matters arc freely cited, no de-
cisions ofour Supreme Court arc cited. Of course,
if any existed, they would be of the highest value,
but there are none, and the reason is obvious.
These matters could notarise before our Supreme
Court, because under our Government they arc so
cleaily settled by treaties and diplomacy as to be
beyond question.
Clearly, then, and beyond all question, accord-
ing to Ameiican piinciples and practice, the ship
was not liable to capture on account of dispatchcs
on boaid. And heie again we have the concur-
ring testimony of continental Europu, and espe-
cially of the French Government, in the recent
letter of M. Thouvenel.
But there is yet another question which remains
Assuming that dispatches may be contraband,
would their presence on board a neutral ship,
sailing between two neutral ports, render the voy-
age illegal ? The mad steamer was sailing between
Havana, a port of Spain, and St. Thomas, a port
of Denmark. Here again, if we bow to British
precedent, the answer will be prompt. The Bsit-
lsh orncle has spoken. In a weli-considcrcd judg-
ment, Sir William Scott declares that dispatches
| taken on board a neutral ship, sailingfrom a neu-
i tral country and bound for another neutral coun-
try, are contraband; but that where there was
reason to believe the master ignorant of their char-
acter, " it is not a case in which the property is
to be confiscated, although in this, as in every
other instance in which the enemy's dispatches
are found on board a vessel, he has justly sub-
jected himself to all the inconveniences of seizure
and detention, and to all the expenses of those
judicial inquiries which they have occasioned."
(The Rapid, Edwards's Rep., 221.) Such is the
law of nations according to Great Britain.
But even if this rule had not been positively
repudiated by the United States, it is so inconsist-
ent with reason, and, in the present condition of
maritime commerce, so utterly impracticable, that
it can find little favor. If a neutral voyage be-
tween two neutral ports is rendered illegal on this
account, then the postal facilities of the world, and
the costly enterprises by which they ai£ conducted,
will be exposed to interruptions under which they
must at times be crushed, to the infinite damage
of universal commerce. If the rule is applicable
in one sea, it is applicable in all seas, and there
is no part of the ocean which may not be vexed
by its enforcement. It would reach to the Med-
iterranean and to the distant China seas as easily
as to the Bahama Straits, and it would be equally
imperative in the chops of the British channel.
Not only the stately mail steamers which traverse
the ocean would be liable to detention and possible
confiscation, but the same penalties must attach
to the daily packets between Dover and Calais.
The simple statement of such a consequence, fol-
lowing directly from the British rule, throws an
instant doubt over it which the eloquent judg-
ment of Lord Stowell cannot remove.
But here, again, our way is easy. American
principles and practice have settled this question
also. Wheaton commences his statement of the
law of contraband by saying " the general free-
dom of neutral commerce with the respective
belligerent Powers is subject to some exception.
Among these is the trade with the enemy in certain
articles called contraband of war." (Wheaton's
Elements, part 4, cap. 3.) It will be perceived
that the traue must be ivith the enemy, not with the
neutral. And here the author followed at once the
suggestions of reason and the voice of American
treaties. Even in the celebrated treaty with Great
Britain, negotiated by John Jay in 1794, after an
enumeration of contraband articles, it is expressly
declared, " and all the above articles are hereby
declared to be just objects of confiscation when-
ever they are attempted to be carried to an enemy."
(Statutes, vol. 8, p. 125.) Of course when on the
way to neutrals they are free; and the early trea-
ties, negotiated by Benjamin Franklin and John
Adams, are in similar spirit; and in precisely the
same sense is the treaty with Prussia, in 1828,
which, in its twelfth article, revives the thirteenth
articleofour treaty with that same Power in 179'),
by which contraband is declared to be defainable
only tohen carried to an enemy. Even if this rule
were of doubtful authority with regard to articles
of acknowledged contraband, it is positive with
regard to dispatches, which, as we have already
seen, are among "merchandises and Mings" de-
clared to be free; with regard to which our early
treaties secured thegreatest latitude. Nothingcan
be broader than these words in the treaty of 1778
with France:
11 So thatthey may be transpoited and cauicd in the ficcst
manner even to places belonging to an pnem.v^uch towns
or plaoos being only excepted as aie at the time besieged,
blocked up, or invented.''—Statutes, vol. 8, p. 2G.
But the provision m the treaty with the Nether-
lands of 1782 is equally bioad:
'* ^o that ail effects and meichandises which are not ex-
prc^ly be foil' named may, luthout any exception and inper-
fccl hbeiht. be tran-poited by the subjects and inhabitant*
of both allien fiom and to places belonging to the enemy,
excepting onlj7 the places which at the time shall be be-
sieged. blocked, or invented; and tho-i: places- only shall
be held tor s-uoh winch aie butiounded nearly by some of
the belligerent Powers."— Statute*, vol.8, p. 46.
If the immunity of neutral ships needed further
confirmation, it would be found again in the con-
curring testimony of the French Government—
conveycd in the recent letter of M. Thouvenel—
which is so remarkable for its brief but compre-
hensive treatment of all the questions nivolved'in
this controversy. I know nothow others may feel,
but I cannotdoubt that this communication, when
rightly understood, will be gratefully accepted
as a token of friendship for us, and also as a con-
