1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
of his qualifications to'fulfill the functions of an
American Senator; and this language was used
while the Senator from Kentucky was himself
under an express obligation to maintain the Con-
stitution of the United States, was a Senator of the
United States in fact, owed to the Government of
the United States not merely his allegiance but his
service—was in its pay. This was the language
he used,and the Senator from Illinois finds in the
use of this language no disqualification for con-
tinuing him in his seat here. But later than the
20th of June, on the 10th of September last, the
Senator from Kentucky was one of a committee
which reported to a political convention a series
of resolutions, among which were these:
" Resolved, That every material interestof Kentucky, as
well as tii o highest dictate* of patriotism, demand that peace
should be maintained within her hordes, ami this conven-
tion solemnly pledges the honoi of its members to do ail m
their power to promote this end.
il-2. That it the deliberate senseofihisconvention, and,
it is believed, of an overwhelming majority of the people of
Kentucky, that the best and pprhap- the only mode of ef-
fecting tins gioat object is by adhering .^tiietly, rigidly, and
impartially to hei ehosen and oft declared position of neu-
trality duitiig the existence of the deploiable war now rag-
ing between the sections, taking fides neither wirh the
Government nor with the seceding States and declaims
her soil irm«-t be preserved inviolate from the armed occu-
pation of ntliei."
Thus a Senator of the United States tells the
nation that the armies of the United States shall
not occupy the soil of his own State, and the Sen-
ator from Illinois finds nothing m that sentiment
or declaration incompatible with the honest dis-
charge of the high and solemn functions of a Sen-
ator, and yet finds himself called upon to impeach
me because [ cannot exclude a representative from
Oregon for language that he held, or is reported
to have used, long before ho assumed the duties
of a representative.
Sir, I have indulged in these remarks with no
purpose of darraigning the Semitoi fiom Ken-
tucky on the charges upon winch he has been once
tried and acquitted, and acquitted, too, in part by
the vote of the Senator from Illinois. I have in-
troduced them here for the simple purpose of say-
ing to the Senatorfrom Illinois, and to everybody
else, that he who votes that such language and
such sentiments uttered by a Senator in fact and
in law are excusable and do not disentitle him to
hold his seat here and to discharge the duties of
a Senator, ought to be very slow and deliberate
befoie he airaigns any man for not condemning
a citizen for any language; that he can hy any pos-
sibility have used anywhere orateny tune—very
deliberate, indeed, before he prefers anysuch ac-
cusation. I comfort myself with saying that as long
as the Senator from Illinois shall be able to defend
himself for the vote which he gave to retain the
Senator from Kentucky, 1 shall be able to excuse
myself, I think, to the people of the United States
for at least waning to try the representative from
Oregon before I utterly condemn him.
Mr. WILKINSON". Mr. P.esident, since gen-
tlemen have hud a full opportunity this morning
to explain themselves in regard to iheir action in
the case of the Senator from Oregon, and I sup-
pose that was the only object of bringing up this
motion, I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, WILKINSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is not
debatable.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish merely to state
that I supposed the case stood on the motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin to take up the reso-
lution, and my motion was to lay his motion on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate; and the question is on the
motion to lay it on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Ilaie, Saulsbury, and Wilkinson—3.
NAYS—Mown. Anthonv, Bavaul, Bi owning. Ciaik.Col-
lamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc, Fessenden, Foot,
Fo-ter, Ilaiian, Harris, Henderson, Howard, flowe, Ken-
nedy, King. Lane oi Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
Moirill, Nevmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Sherman, Simmons
.Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—35.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the reso- ;
iution by striking out " the Committee on the ;
Judiciary," and inserting "a select committee."
I think the case ought not to go to the Judiciary
Committee again.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to inquire whether the
committee will, under the resolution, have power
to send for persons and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theresolution so
stipulates.
Mr. FOOT. The amendment which has been
agreed to does not indicate the number which shall
compose the committee. That ought to be fixed
before the resolution is adopted.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I suggest three. ["Five."]
I am not particular as to the number. I will say
five. 1 wish to say, in this connection, that I
moved the amendment because I do not wish to
enter upon the reinvestigation of this matter my-
self, it having been once before me in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and, of course, I should
be unwilling to serve upon the select committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be so modified as to make the number of the com-
mittee five, if there be no objection. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthonv, drowning, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fe^senden, Foot, Foster,
Ilailan, Ham--, Ilendeison, Ilowaid, Howe, Kennedy,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mon iH,
Ncsmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice. Sherman, Simmons
Sumi"«r, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wnglit—37.
NAYS—.Messrs. Bavaul, Hale, and Saul-Inn}—3.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, and by unan-
imous consent, the Vice President was author-
ized toappoint thecommittee; and Messrs. Clark,
Howard, Wmgiit, Willey, and Howe were
appointed.
SAILORS OF THE CUMBERLAND.
Mr, CLARK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 238) to
furnish clothing and supplies to the sailors and
men on boatd the sloop-of-war Cumberland;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the bill will be passed
now. It is a very small matter.
Mr. IIALE. I do not know what the prece-
dents are; but I suggest to my colleague that the
Naval Committee meet to-morrow morning, and
it seems to me that it would be as well to refer t he
bill to them. I have no choice about it, howevei;
and if my colleague insists on passing the bill now,
I shall not interpose any objection.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to my colleague that
some of the sailors and men on boaid tlie Cum-
beiland in the recent action near Fortress Mon-
ioe lost iheir clothing, hats, jackets,&.C., and the
Navy Department desire a small appropriation to
supply thorn. That is the proposition. The De-
partment asked for sixty dollars; I have made it
$100.
Mr. IIALE. I have no objection.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to furnish to the sailors and men
on board the Cumberland, who lost their clothing
and other property in the late action with the
Merrimac, supplies of clothing to an amount not
exceeding $100.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time, and passed.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 10S)
for the iclease of certain persons held to service
or labor in the District of Columbia, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Davis to
amend the bill by inserting as an additional sec-
tion :
dndbc it further enacted, That all persons liberated under
tins act shall be colonized out of the limits of the United
States, and the sum of .<100,000, out ot any money in the
Tieasuiy not otherwise appiopriated, shall be expended,
under the dneetion ot the Piesidenl of the United States,
loi that pinpo^c.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the leave of the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire, who is en-
titled to the floor, I desire to offer an amendment
to the amendment which was ofleied by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky to the bill now
under consideration, which I desire to have
printed. I propose to so amend his amendment
as to make it read;
Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000, out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropuated,
shall be expended under the direction of the President of
the United States to aid in the colonization mid settlement,
with their own consent, of free people of color from fcaid
District, in the republics of Liberia or Ilayti or elsewhcie.
The amendment was oidered to be printed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I fear, from the
long time that I have been entitled to the floor
upon this subject, the expectation may have been
indulged by some that I proposed to make some
extended remarks on it; but 1 do not. I propose
in a very brief manner to notice one of the ob-
jections raised by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to this bill; and that is in
regard to the consequences thatare to ensue upon
the enactment of the bill now before the Senate.
I may remark that of all the forms skepticism
ever assumed, the most insidious, the most dan-
gerous, and the most fatal is that which suggests
that it is unsafe to perform plain and simple duty
for fear that disastrous conscquences may result
therefrom.
This question of emancipation, wherever it has
been raised in this country, so far as I know, has
rarely ever been argued upon the great and funda-
mental principles of right; the inquiry is never put,
certainly in legislative circles, what is right, what
is just, what is due to the individuals that are to
be nifcctcd by the measure, but what are to be
the consequences? Men entirely forget to look
at the objects that are to bealTected by the bill, in
view of the inherent rights of their manhood, in
view of the great questions of humanity, of Chris-
tianity, and of duty; but what are to be the con-
sequences, what is to be its effect upon the price
of sugar, tobacco, cotton, and other necessaries
and luxuncsof life? Thehonorablc Senatorfrom
Kentucky looks upon it in that point of view en-
tirely. Let me here read from his statement, for
I shall not trust myself to state what a man said,
after the censure I had from the Senator from Illi-
nois, without reading from hisown remarks. The
Senator from Kentucky said, when this bill was
last under consideration:
" The negroes that are now libeiated and that remain in
tins city, will become asoic and a harden and a charge upon
the white population. They will be criminals; they will
become paupei>. Thev will be engaged m citmes and m
petty irn-demeanois. They will become a charge and a
pest upon tlii- society, and the povvm which undertakes to
liberate them ought to lelicve the white community in
winch thev reside, and in whicn they will become a pest,
fiom then pie^eiKC. This is a pooi city at any tate. The
total amount of wealth hete is veiv inconsidejahle for the
number oi the white population. The burdens and charges
upon them are heavy, oneious, oppicssive, and tins meas-
ure will make those burdens gieatiy more so."
I would thank the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, if I misrepresent him, to state so now. I
do not misrepresent him. The honorable Sena-
torwent further,and not only expressed this as his
firm and undoubting conviction; but he added, in
his own emphatic manner, " I know that it is so."
Now, it does not become me to say that I know
to the contrary; it does not become me to venture
my opinions against the opinions of that Senator
who has lived awiong the population of which he
speaks; but it is as much my prerogative as it is
the honorable Senator's to read a little of history,
and to know what is its teaching upon this ques-
tion, and by that test to compare the predictions
of the honorable Senator with some other ptedic-
tions of a different character that have been made
elsewhere on other occasions.
With those who assume theground that is taken
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, the
effects of emancipation in the British West Indies
and St. Domingo are pointed at continually, as if
they furnished unerring proofof the accuracy with
which they estimate the consequences that are to
follow emancipation. I ask the attention of the
Senate for a few moments to some facts in relation
to that matter. _ I know very well that upon the
island of Jamaica, so far as that island is con-
cerned, there has been a constant deterioration and
diminution of its productive industry in regard to
the great staples which formerly constituted its
wealth; and that is pointed at triumphantly as
proof that it is unsafe, unwise, and inexpedient to
adopt any such measure. But, sir, if gentlemen
will look at the statistical history of the island of
Jamaica, they will find indisputable figures taken
