1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tributlon to those maritime rights for which France
and the United States, in times past, have done so
much together. This eminent minister does not
hesitate to declare that if the flag of a neutral can-
not completely cover persons and merchandise
beneath it in a voyage between two neutral ports,
then its immunity will be but a vain word.
And now, as I conclude what I have to say on
contraband in its several divisions, I venture to
assert that there arc two rules in regard to it,
which the traditional policy of our country has
constantly declared, and which it has embodied in
treaty stipulations with every Power which could
be persuaded to adopt them: First, that no article
shall be contraband unless it be expressly enumer-
ated and specified as such by name. Secondly,
that when such articles, so enumerated and speci-
fied, shall be found by the belligerent on board a
neutral ship, the neutral shall be permitted to de-
liver them to the belligerent whenever, by reason
of their bulk in quantity, such delivery may be pos-
sible, and then the neutral shall, without further
molestation, proceed with all remaining innocent
cargo to his destination, being any port, neutral or
hostile, which atthetimcis not actually blockaded.
Such was the early fixed policy of our country
with regard to contraband m neutral bottoms. It
is recorded in several of our earlier European
treaties. Approximation to it will be found in
other European treaties, showing our constant
effort in this direction. But this policy was not
supported by the British theory and practice of
international law, which was especially active
during the wars of the French Revolution; and
to this fact may, perhaps, be ascribed something
of the difficulty which our Government encoun-
tered in its efforts to secure for this liberal policy
the complete sanction of European States. But
in our negotiations with the Spanish-American
States the theory and practice of Great Britain
were less felt; and so to-day that liberal policy, em-
bracing the two rules already stated touching con-
traband, is among all American States the public
law of contraband, stipulated and fixed in solemn
treaties. I do not quote their texts, but I refer
to all these treaties, beginning with the convention
between the United States and Columbia in 1824.
Of course this whole discussion proceeds on the
assumption that the rebels are to be regarded as
belligerents, which is the character already ac-
corded to them by Great Britain. If they are not
regarded as belligerents, then the proceeding of
Captain Wilkes is indubitably illegal and void.
To a political offender, however deep his guilt—
though burdened with the undying execrations
of all honest men, and bending beneath the con-
sciousness of the ruin which he has brought upon
his country—theasylum ofaforeign jurisdiction is
sacred, whether on shore or on sea; and it is among
the proudest boasts of England, at least m recent
days, that the exiles of defeated democracies as
well as of defeated dynasties have found a sure
protection beneath her meteor flag. And yet this
Power has not always accorded to other flags what
she claimed for her own. One of the objections
diplomatically presented by Great Britain at the
beginning of the present century to any renunci-
ation of the pretension of impressment, was " that
facility would be given, particularly in the British
Channel, by the immunity claimed by American
vessels, to the escape of traitorSj'' (State Papers, vol.
3, p. 86,) thus assuming that traitors—the com-
panions of Robert Emmett, in Ireland, or the com-
panions of Home Took, in England—ought to be
arrested on board a neutral ship; butthatthe arrest
could be accomplished only through the pretension
of impressment. But this flagrant instance cannot
be a precedent for the United States, which has al-
ways maintained the right of asylum as firmly as
it has rejected the pretension of impressment.
If I am correct in this review then the conclu-
sion is inevitable. The seizure of the rebel em-
issaries on board a neutral ship cannotbe justified
according to our best American precedents and
practice. There seems to be no single point where
tlie seizure is not questionable, unless we choose
to invoke British precedents and practice, which
beyond doubt led Captain Wilkes into the mis-
take which he committed. In the solitude of his
ship he consulted familiar authorities at hand,
and felt that in following Vattel and Sir William
Scott, as quoted and affirmed by eminent writers,
reinforced by the inveterate practice of the British
navy, he could noterr. He was mistaken. There
was a better example; it was the constant, uni-
form, unhesitating practice of his own country on
the ocean, conceding always the greatest immu-
nities to neutral ships, unless sailing to blockaded
ports—refusing to consider dispatches as contra-
band of war—refusing to consider persons, other
than soldiers or officers, as contraband of war; and
protesting always against an adjudication of per-
sonal rights by the summary judgment of a quar-
ter-deck. Had these well-attested precedents been
in his mind, the gallant captain would not, even
for a moment, have been seduced from his allegi-
ance to those principles which constitute a part of
our country's glory.
Mr. President, let the rebels go. Two wicked
men, ungrateful to their country, are let loose with
the brand of Cain up'on their foreheads. Prison
doors are opened; but principles are established
which will help to free other men, and to open
the gates of the sea. Never before in her active
history has Great Britain ranged herself on this
side. Such an event is an epoch. Novtis sceclo-
rttm nascitur ordo. To the liberties of the sea
this Power is now committed. To a certain extent
this cause is now under her tutelary care. If the
immunities of passengers, not in the military or
naval service, as well as of sailors, are not directly
recognized, they are at least implied; while the
whole pretension of impressment, so long the pest
of neutral commerce, and operating only through
the lawless adjudication of a quartet-deck, is made
absolutely impossible. Thus is the freedom of the
seas enlarged, not only by limiting the number of
persons who are exposed to the penalties of war,
but by driving from it the most offensive preten-
sion that ever stalked upon its waves. To such
conclusion Great Britain is irrevocably pledged.
Nor treaty nor bond was needed. It is sufficient
that her late appeal can be vindicated only by a
renunciation of early, long-continued tyranny.
Let her bear the rebels back. The consideration
is ample; for the sea becamc fiee as this altered
Power went forth upon it, steering westward with
the sun, on an errand of liberation.
In this surrender, if such it may be called, our
Government does not even "stoop to conquer."
It simply lifts itself to the height of its own original
principles. The early efforts of its best negotia-
tors—the patriot trials of its soldiers in an un-
equal war—have at length prevailed, and Great
Britain, usually so haughty, invites us to prac-
tice upon those principles which she has so stren-
uously opposed. There are victories of force.
Here is a victory of truth. If Great Britain has
gained the custody of two rebels, the United
States have secured the triumph of their principles.
If this result be in conformity with our cher-
ished principles, it will be superfluous to add other
considerations; and yet I venture to suggest that
estranged sympathies abroad may be secured
again by an open adhesion to those principles,
which already have the support of the Continental
Governments of Euiope, smarting for years under
British pretensions. The powerful organs of pub-
he opinion on the Continent are also with us.
Hautefeuille, whose woik on the Law of Nations
is the arsenal of neutral rights, has entered into this
debate with a direct proposition for the release of
these emissaries as a testimony to the true inter-
pretation of international law. And a journal,
which of itself is an authority, the Revue des Deux
Mondes, hopes that the United States will let the
rebels go, simply because "it would be a triumph
of the rights of neutrals to apply them for the
advantage of a nation which has ever opposed and
violated them."
But this triumph is not enough. The sea-god
will in future use his trident less; but the same
piinciples which led to the present renunciation
of early pretensions, naturally conduct to yet
further emancipation of the sea. The work of
maritime civilization is not finished. And here
the two nations, equally endowed by commerce,
and matching each other, while they surpass all
other nations, in peaceful ships, may gloriously
unite in setting up new pillars, which shall mark
new triumphs, rendering the ocean a highway of
peace, instead of a field of blood.
The congress of Pans, in 1856, where were
assembled the plenipotentiaries of Great Britain,
France, Austria, Prussia, Russia, Sardinia, and
Turkey, has already led the way. Adopting the
early policy of the United States, often proposed
to foreign nations, this congress has authenticated
two important changes in restraint of belligerent
rights; first, that the neutral flag shall protect
enemy's goods except contraband of war, and
secondly, that neutral goods, except contraband
of war,arc not liable tocapture under an enemy's
flag. This is much. Another proposition^ that
privateering should be abolished, was.defeetiye
in two respects; first, because it left nations free
to employ private ships under a public commis-
sion as ships of the navy, and, therefore, was
nugatory; and, secondly, because if not nugatory,
it was too obviously in the special interest^
Great Britain, which, through her commanding
navy, would thus be left at will to rule the sea.
No change can be practicable which is not equal
in its advantages to all nations; for the Equality of
Nations is not merely a dry dogma of international
law, but a vital national sentiment common to all
nations. This cannot be forgotten; and every
proposition must be brought sincerely to this
equitable test.
But there is a way in which privateering can
be effectively abolished without any shock to the
Equality of Nations. A simple proposition, that
private property shall enjoy the same immunity
on the ocean which "it now enjoys on land, will
at once abolish privateering, and relieve the com-
merce of the ocean from its greatest perils, so
that, like commerce on land, it shall be undis-
turbed except by illegal robbery and theft. Such
a proposition will operate equally for the advan-
tage of all nations. On this account, and in the
policy of peace, which ourGovcrnmenthas always
cultivated, it has been already presented to for-
eign Governments by the United States. You
have not forgotten the important paper in which
Mr. Marcy did this service, or the recent efforts
of Mr. Seward in the same direction. In order
to complete the efficacy of this proposition, and
still further to banish belligerent pretensions, con-
traband of war should be abolished, so that all
ships may freely navigate the ocean without being
exposed to any question as to the character of
persons or things on board. The Right of Search,
which, on the occurrence of war, becomes an om-
nipresent tyranny, subjecting every neutral ship
to the arbitrary invasion of every belligcient
cruiser, would then disappear. It would drop, as
the chains drop from an emancipated slave; or
rather it would only exist as an occasional agent,
under solemn treaties, in the war waged by civil-
ization against the slave trade; and then it would
be proudly recognized as an honorable surrender
to the best interests of humanity, glorifying the
flag which made it.
With the consummation of these reforms in
maritime law, not forgetting blockades under in-
ternational law, war would be despoiled of its most
vexatious prerogatives, while innocent neutrals
would beexemptfrom its torments. The statutes
of the sea, thus refined and elevated, will be the
agents of peace instead of the agents of war. Ships
and cargoes will pass unchallenged from shore to
shore; and those terrible belligerent rights, under
which the commerce of the world has so longsuf- -
fered, will cease from troubling. In this work our
country began early. It had hardly proclaimed
its own independence before it sought to securea
similar independence for the sea. It had hardly
made a Constitution for its own Government be-
fore it sought to establish a constitution similar in
spiiit for the government of the sea. If it did not
pievail at once, it was because it could not over-
come the unyielding opposition of Great Britain.
And now the time is come when this champion of
belligerent rights "has changed his hand and
checked his pride." Welcome to this new alii- -
ance. Meanwhile, amidst all present excitements,
amidst all present trials, it only remains for us to
uphold the constant policy of the Republic, and to
stand fast on the ancient ways.
Mr. HALE. If nobody else desires to speak
on this subject, I move that the further consider-
ation of it be postponed until to-morrow, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
in regard to iron-clad ships of war.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
IRON-CLAD GUNBOATS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate,_as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill ( H. R. No. J 53) to au thoiize the con-
struction of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats, the
question pending being on the amendment reported
