1862.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
3187
absolutely necessary-to change. I will call the
attention of the House to tho&e sections of the bill
which the Senate agreed to, and which it was
found indispensably neccssary to changc.
We had agreed upon amendments in contro-
versy between the two Houses, but it had never-
theless left the bill in a situation in respeet to cer-
tain provisions which would render it necessary,
in drawing up the bill, to repeal sections enacted
by common consent of both Houses. It was
agreed by the committee that the House should
adhere to its amendments, and that the Senate
should adhere-to its amendments to the amend-
ments of the House. The effect would be to kill
the bill if the House concurred in the report of the
committee. It was then agreed that the Senate
should immediately draw up a bill proposing
mostly the provisions which the Senate and House
had agreed to, with the exception of one or two
sections of the bill, which it was found to be ab-
solutely necessary to repeal. One section was in
reference to the number of paymasters in the Army
of the United States, volunteer and regular. The
Secretary of War wrote a letter to the Military
Committees of both Houses, asking that the num-
ber of paymasters should be limited. A bill, in
fmrsuance of that i*ecommendation, was reported
imiting the number of paymasters, and was con-
curred in by both Houses. But before that con-
currence was perfected, the Paymaster General
and the Secretary of War found that they had
made an egregious mistake; and they asked that
it might be remedied in the best way possible.
They had asked both Houses of Congress to re-
consider the vote increasing to aconsiderable ex-
tent the number of paymasters in the Army, and
it had been found by actual experience that the
number of paymasters then existing was unable
to discharge the duties imposed upon them. This
is one of the cases in which both Houses of Con-
gress concurred, when it was found absolutely
necessary to alter the provisions of the existing
bill.
The other was in reference to chaplains in the
volunteer service. We have agreed to certain
measures in regard to that branch of the service
that it was thought desirable on the whole to alter.
The provisions of the bill agreed upon by the com-
mittee, and, I think, concurred in by the votes of
both Houses of Congress, would leduce the pay
and emoluments of the chaplains in the volunteer
service and in the regular Army to a considerable
amount. This question involves a great deal ot
embarrassment. Chaplains who entered the vol-
unteer service, entered it under the act of August
last, which made the pay and emoluments of a
chaplain in thtf volunteer service about equal to
the pay and emoluments of a captain of cavalry in
the regular Army, amounting to something like
eighteen hundred dollars per annum. Under the
provisions of that bill, whoever went into the ser-
vice as a chaplain went into it under the implied
promise of the Government that he should be paid
that amount per annum. I ask the attention of
the House for a moment to this question. A great
many good men volunteered their services, irre-
spective of considerations of pay and emolument.
But it is also true that a very consideiable Dum-
ber of men have entered the service of the Army
as chaplains who are no credit to the service, either
in the character of chaplains or in any other ca-
pacity. The bill as agreed upon by both Houses
reduced the pay of chaplains in the voluntoerscr-
vice from $1,800 to $1,200 a year; but as expe-
rience has demonstrated the fact that some men
have entered the volunteer seivice as chaplains
who would serve the country better in any other
capacity than that of clergymen, it was thought
desirable that that section should be so amended
as to provide that an examination shall be had of
the volunteer chaplains now in the service as to
their standing and character, and as to the manner
in which they have performed their duties; and if
it be found that any of them have not been regu-
larly ordained, or cannot procure a certificate or
indorsement of live respectable clergymen of the
denominations to which they belong, or if they
have neglected their duties, they are to be forth-
vv n li discharged from the seivice. The House
knows, or oughtto know, how much the Govern
mcnt is paying for the services of these chaplains,
for every volunteer regiment m the service, a
chaplain has been appointed, who is drawing
something over eighteen hundred dollars a year;
and although I know that some men have engaged
in this service who have commanded a compen-
sation equivalent to that from the congregations
which they have left, yet I do affirm that not one
outof ten of them everreceived, or ever expected
to receive, or ever would receive in any other ca-
pacity than that of chaplain in the volunteer ser-
vice, a compensation of $1,800 a year.
Now, I do not wish to go into details in refer-
ence to the substitute which is recommended by
the committee of conference. A bill embodying,
with the two exceptions I have named, all the pro-
visions agreed upon by the committee of confer-
ence, has been passed by the Senate and sent to
the House. It will be found as Senate bill No.
383. Will gentlemen send for it, and look at it?
It is the result of the agreement of the committee
of conference upon the two bills which have been
so long before the House.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. What did the committee
of conference do with that beneficent provision
cutting men off as unlit for service at sixty years
of age ?
Mr. OLIN. That has been adopted, with a
provision that an officer may be restored to the
service on account of his capacity and ability to
serve the country. I was not originally in favor
of that provision, knowing, as I did, that some
officers of that age, both in the Army and in the
Navy, were as capable of serving the country as
some men of fewer years; yet it has been found
by experience to be an act of necessity, in order
to rid the service of men who are wholly incom-
petent for the positionsthey occupy, but who have
nevertheless been retained in the service by the
various examining boards before whom they have
appeared,and which have passed upon their cases.
The Senate and House have, with great unanim-
ity, retained that provision in the bill, andal though
it may seem to operate with severity in particular
cases, it is deemed an act of necessity, and of the
gravest importance.
Mr. FESS
SENDEN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is discuss-
ing a bill which is not before the House. The re-
port of the committee of conference must be acted
on before the bill from the Senate can be taken up.
If the report shall be agreed to, it will defeat the
original bill. The Senate has already agreed to
the report. The question is, will the House agree
to the report?
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
By unanimous consent, bill of the Senate No.
283, to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read afirst and
second time.
The bill was then read in full.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I will state now,
without going into particulars, that this bill is in
substance the one which was prepared by the joint
commission created by the act of August last,
who, among other things, looked into the Army
regulations and the provisions in reference to the
pay and emoluments of officers of the Army to
see wherein it was possible to reduce the expenses
of the Government. The substance of the bill
drawn up by that commission has been incorpo-
rated in this bill.
There is not a provision in the whole bill, with
the exception of two sections, that has not met the
approbation of both Houses of Congress substan-
tially, and every section of it has been discussed
here with as much ability as the House could bring
to the consideration of the subjects involved. The
two sections I have already adverted to. The first
is in reference to the number of paymasters in the
volunteer sci vice. The bill originally imposed a
limitation upon the number to be appointed, and
the Department finds it absolutely necessary that
the number should be increased. The other is the
provision in reference to chaplains. Both Houses
had agreed to the reduction of the salary of chap-
lains in the volunteer service to $1,200, but they
had not made that provision which the committee
of conference agreed ought to be inserted in this
bill, and which is in this bill—a provision for an
examination of the men now acting as chaplains,
so that the services of those who are fouud to be
engaged in playing cards and drinking whisky
shall be dispensed with.
Now, I might go into details to inform the House
how the various amendments proposed by the
House to the original Senate bill were disposed of,
but I think that in every instance where any ques-
tion of any considerable interest was involved, the
Senate committee gave way and agreed to the pro-
visions of the bill as the House passed it. I may
mention one instance. The original Senate bill
provided that whenever an officer holding brevet
rank in the Army should be assigned to duty cor-
responding to his brevet rank, he should not re-
ceive the pay and emoluments that he would be
entitled to if exercising a command corresponding
to his brevet rank; in other words, they left in
force the system of conferring brevet rank for dis-
tinguished services in the field, but took away the
pay and emoluments of brevet rank when the offi-
cer was assigned to duty corresponding with his
brevet rank. The House with great unanimity
rejected that provision. The Senate recedes from
that.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he move the previous ques-
tion on the bill, and let us pass it.
Mr. OLIN. I will do so. I only wish to say
further that the bill, if enacted, will save the Gov-
ernment, if this war continues, something more
than eleven million dollars. I now move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WICKXjIFFE. Oh, no; no one is opposed
to this bill. Let us pass it without the previous
question. I want to see one bill pass this Con-
gress without the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. "Very well, sir.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. I consider it a nefa-
rious bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION.
House bill No. 471, to confiscate the property
of rebels for the payment of the expenses of the
presety rebellion, with the Senate amendments
thereto, was taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House insist upon
its disagreement to the Senate amendments, and
agree to the committee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
No quorum voting on Mr. Eliot's motion,
Mr. ELIOT moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Tile yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldueh, Alloy, A-diloy, Babbitt, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Jacob J}, Blair, Samuel S. Blan, Blake,
Bufiinton, Casey, Chaniberhn, Clark, Collax, Covode, Cris-
field, Davn, Da we**. Duel I, Dnnlap, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fcs-
senden, Fisher, Gndei, Hooper, Ilutehms, Julian, Kelley,
William ICellogir, Lovojoy, Low, MeKniirlu, Mitchell,
Ail-on P. Morrill, NooJI, Olin, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, John 11. Kice, Saujcnt, Shanks, Shellaharget, Sloan,
Spauldina;, Stevens, Stiatton, Francis Thomas, Ttow-
bridge, Van Horn, Venee, Wall,Walton Web-ter. Wheeler,
Albert S White, WiKon, Wimiom, aurl Worcester—GO.
KAYS—Messis. William Allen, William J.Allen, An-
cona, Buidlc, George 11. Biovvne, Calvert, Clement*. Cobb,
Frederick A. Cotikhngr, iloseoe Colliding,Cm inn , Ciavens,
Edwaidh, Fouke, Frank, Goodwin, Iluight, Hale, Hall,
Ilolman, Kenigan, Knapp, Law, Lehman, Loomis, Mc-
Plierson, May, Mawiaid, Menzies, Mums Ode!!. John S.
Phelps, Potter, Alexander II. llice, Uichaid&on, Robinson,
Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Uoltin^ Se^ai, Sheffield, John
JJ. Steele, William G.Steele, Stiles,Benjamin F.Thomas,
Tram, Voorhvcs, Waid, Wa&hbuine, Wiekliffe, and Wood
—50.
So a eall of the House was ordered.
Durintr the eall of the roll,
Mr. T'ROWBRIDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Granger, was absent on public business.
Mr. MOORHEAD (having been absent when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri, objected.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move to dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings under the call.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
