1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2^2?
except those who, being upon the committee, made
concessions there that seemed to bind them to
support the bill. I think if we had gone on with
the bills under consideration then, the Senator
from New Hampshire would have voted for a
much more efficient measure than he has reported
to the Senate. I do not purpose to discuss the bill,
but to repudiate the imputation that is sought to
be cast upon mo because I have not come into the
support of a measure which is not as efficient as
I think it ought to be.
Mr. CLARK. It is very disagreeable to me to
be drawn into any controversy of this kind with
the Senator from Illinois or any other gentleman
in the Senate. It may possibly be that I am to
blame for it; but I cannot permit the occasion to
pass without some allusion to what has been said
by the Senator from Illinois, because he has used
language certainly that is offensive and discour-
teous. Sir, if I know myself, I have always been
an open, frank, avowed Senator; I have endeav-
ored to be so; and when the Senator talks of
" unmasking" me, I am at a loss to know what
he means, unless he means that I have acted in
deceit and under a cover. He says " he does not
design it, I hope." Whatdoes he mean to insin-
uate by " I hope ?" That he believes I did, and
still he hopes I did not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I did notmean to in-
sinuate that the Senator designed it. I think I
said distinctly that I did not think he did, though
I supposed that some others who voted for the
reference did.
Mr. CLARIC, " He did not design it, I hope,
but it is a little suspicious." I do not feel inclined
to be spattered by that sort of language without a
reply. The Senator knows, the country knows,
what has been my conduct; and my conduct has
been open and avowed. The Senate knows, and
the country knows that when the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] moved to refer this
subject to a committee, I voted against it; and
why ? Because the motion seemed to come from
an adverse source; from a person who was held
by some of the friends of confiscation to be an
enemy, and I would not put it into the hands of
an enemy; but when I saw afterwards that we
were hopelessly protracting this debate, when
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
brought forward a proposition which seemed to
me more like an adjustment of this difficulty than
anything else, at the solicitation of the friends of
the measure I made a motion to refer, not, as the
Senator says, by the whip and spur of those who
urged me on. Sir, I am not used to the applica-
tion of that phrase, " whip and spur," and if the
Senator wants to apply it anywhere, he had better
apply it somewhere else. It is offensive to me;
I never had my sides roweled, nor the whip ap-
Flied to me in the Senate or anywhere else since
have come to manhood, and I do not intend to
have it here. Courtesy, at any rate, requires the
use of more decent languageto a Senator of the
United States than the phrase. the whip and spur
of those who are urging him on."
There is another tlung, Mr. President, that fell
from that Senator that ["do not admire. It is this:
that traitors ask for no constitutional rights here;
they do not claim them; but other gentlemen ask
them for them, m substance, as if we were the
advocates of traitors, because we do not agree,
forsooth, with the scheme of somebody else. Let
me say to the Senator that, though the traitors
have absolved themselves from the Constitution,
and though they have trampled it under foot, we
who are here are not absolved from it; we are still
bound by it. Because they have disregarded it,
\v€ have no right to disregard it. Because they
do not see fit to obey it, weaie not absolved from
it: we must obey it still; and I do not like to be
told, if he means that, that I am the advocate of
treason or of tiaitors, because I still regard the
Constitution. Much the same expression fell from
another Senator the other day. I thought it was
perhaps in the heat or the unguardedness of de-
bate, when he said that those who stuck at con-
stitutional scruples were half traitors. Such, in
substance, was the language. I do not like it, sir.
I have sworn to support this Constitution, and,
whatever Uaitors may do, 1 will stand .by that
oath, and I will not trample down the Constitu-
tion because they have done it. No man shall
compel me to do it, and no man shall compel me
tt> do what is aguinst my judgment by a taunt that
I am under " whip and spur." I am willing, if
any man wants to begin the operation, that he
should try to " unmask" me. He will find inside
the same principles that I express here. He will
not find me, because I cannot get exactly the
measure I wa/U, voting time after time to adjourn
the Senate to pre vent any thing being accomplished,
I have something more of a practical man in me,
I hope.
I say it frankly, I did yield in that committee
things" that I desired to obtain, and so I think did
every other man in it. I think my honored friend
from New York [Mr. Harris] did; I think my
honored friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
did; and sodid the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] So did the Senators on the other side of
the Chamber. For what, sir? For the very pur-
pose of accomplishing what the Senate had put
into our hands, and bringing in a bill that we
could pass; and now we are taunted with it. I
am taunted with yielding. I do not know but it
would be quite as much to the credit of some
Senators if they would yield a little. I do not
think it is any objection to a statesman or a Sen-
ator that he gives way and yields to obtain the
best measure he can. It is what we do in every-
day life, and what I always desire to do. I hope
I shall, when I do notyieldup principle,endeavor
to accommodate myself to those who are about
me, and see if I cannot secure an efficient measure.
That is what we attempted to do here.
Now, sir,the Senate may know,and if the Sen-
ator from Illinois wants the country to know, the
country may know, how diligently and how faith-
fully we have labored in this matter, and what
we have sought to accomplish. If.he wants the
judgment of the country between him and me, he
'may have it. But, sir, with a steady aim, 1 shall
press forward to accomplish the measures of the
Senate, and the measures of the country; and if
I cannot get the best in my judgment, 1 will take
the next best, as a practical man. If we would
all do so, if we would harmonize a little more, if
we would rub off our sharp corners,and endeavor
to get those measures that are best for us, or which
we can practically get, we should advance legis-
lation very much more than I fear we do some-
times. It may be that many of the friends of
earnest confiscation, as the Senator calls them,
disagree with the bill of the committcc. I have
yielded something; but let me tell that Senator I
infinitely prefer the bill reported by the commitee
to his bill which took from men, women, and chil-
dren, property without the scintilla of a trial even
in rem.
Mr. HOWARD. Does not this do the same
thing ?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; nowhere that 1 am
aware of, and if I thought it did, I would amend it.
Mr. HOWARD. I will show it.
Mr. CLARK. Veiy well; the Senator may
show it, and then it will be obnoxious to that
objection when he does show it, and we will
amend it if we can, because I will not bo part nor
parcel of any such bill if 1 can amend it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not worth while to de-
bate that point.
Mr. CLARK. Gentlemen who make speeches
for three houi s and a half at a time, when they get
thiough can say it is not worth while to talk
aboutTit. If they can have the whole time of the
Senate, perhaps they will be willing to adjourn
when they get through.
Now, Mr. President, I have said so much in
answer to what fell from the Senatoi from Illinois.
I desire here to reiteiate that it is my earnest
intention and my earnest desire to get through the
most stringent confiscation bill that we can, con-
sistent with the Constitution. Beyond thai, I do
not believe the Senator fiom Illinois will go. He
and I may differ in our views of tlie Constitution.
I accord to him sincerity and honesty of purpose.
I can say I do not believe he is willing to go fur-
ther. Asking the pardon of the Senate, sir, for
having indulged thus far, I icsume my seat.
Mr. WADE. This debate seems to have taken
rather a wide range. I have been a long time in
a mmoiity in this Senate, and I have had to ad-
vance many doctrines that were very unpalatable
to the majoritv, but they never exercised towards
me any of that discouitesy that we should exhibit
towards them, now in the minority, if we should
deprive the Senator from Kentucky of the privi-
lege of finishing his speech. I hope the Senate
will not depart from the rule that they have so
long followed; for although it tends a little to de-
lay, I think we ought not to intrench upon it.
Why, sir, as I have said, when I have been here
m times past, and advanced doctrines exceedingly
objectionable to the majority, they never exer-
cised towards me that meed of discourtesy that
seems now about to be administered to the Senator
from Kentucky. He has not said all he intends
to say upon this subject, and Senators criticise
what he has said. He has not spoken to their
satisfaction. That is no reason why he should be
discourteously treated. If he has spoken to his
satisfaction, that is enough. We are not the judges
of that. He has the right to go through with his
remarks, and under the rules of the Senate, as
they have ever been administered, we ought now
to adjourn, and permit him to go on to-morrow,
and finish his speech. I therefore move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not in order.
There is another motion pending, on which I de-
sire to address the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The motion to adjourn is a privi-
leged motion, and the Chair thinks it in order.
Mr. WADE. It is always in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to say a few
words before the motion is put, if the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw it.
Mr. WADE. Certainly, if the Senator wishes
to make a speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a few words,
not upon this bill, for that I have sedulously
avoided speaking upon at all, and notwithstand-
ing, have not been able to escape accusation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is that the furthef consideration
of this subject be postponed until to-morrow, at
one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it so, and I
am about to proceed to say what I have to say upon
thatmotion. Mr.President, when the motion was
made, 1 think on Friday morning last, to^take up
this bill for consideration, I stated to the Senate
that I deemed it very important to take up the tax
bill; that the country was waiting for and expect-
ing it, and it was important, as it was to go into
operation, if at all, as early as the 1st day of July,
ayd that there would be precious little time left
after we passed this bill, if we did pass it, in which
to put it into operation. I was confirmed in the
statement I made in reference to that matter by
my colleague on the Committee on Finance, the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] I did not
withdraw that motion, although I did not press
it very strenuously. The reason why 1 did not
pi ess it very strenuously was in consequence of
the appeal made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, as chairman of the special committee upon
this subject, who thought that we could finish this
bill in the course of a couple of days, Friday and
Saturday. I had very great fears that we should
not be able to accomplish that purpose, because I
did ftot suppose at that time, from what 1 had
seen, that certain Senafcis would adopt the usual
course, and yield their own opinions to the ex-
pediency of having some bill, if not precisely the
one they desired. I supposed they would act on
i the principle of carrying out their own views, or
having nothing. Weil, sir, the Senate chose to
adjoin n over Saturday, and the consequence was
that nothing was accomplished last week.
It came up again on Monday, that is yesterday.
I felt very strongly pressed in my own mind again
to move to take up the tax bill, and I was strongly
pressed by others; but 1 was restrained by this
consideration, that this bill was deemed to be of
very great importance; that is to say, gentlemen
had professed to.doem it of very great importance;
and they had talked vei y loudly here about what
the country expected and desired, and the feeling
of the people that it should be passed. I did not
therefore choose, under the circumstances, to in-
terpose at that period and lay myself open to
accusations which have been coveitly made hcie
over and over again by gentlemen acting with me
upon thisfloor,and which might, be openly made
by gentlemen who think it important if possible
to diminish somewhat from the idea that may be
entertained with inference to some of their col-
leagues, that they are good and sound men and
mean right by the community, if I am to infer
anything from what is said. 1 thought it best to
