1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
.denied the right of testifying as to their own per-
sonal rights and wrongs, the whole intelligence of
the world shut out by the bar of an inexorable
penal statute from enlightening their understand-
ings; to pronounce them as degraded, ignorant,
incapable of representation, because under the
crushing weight of all these disabilities they have
not made such progress as to enable them to step
at once on an equality into a condition which then-
masters have enjoyed for many years. It is cruel.
The injustice of "it cannot be winked out of sight.
It is as unjust as it would be to put out the eyes of
a man and then taunt him with his blindness, as
unjust as it would be to reproach any man with
a personal deformity. It is as unjust as it is pos-
sible for perverted human intellect to be. Take
off these burdens, give them a fair chance, let the
light of science shine into their minds, make it no
longer a crime punishable with imprisonment to
open to them the pages of God's eternal truth, let
them read something of the world that is about
them, and something of the hope which leads to
the world beyond them, give them the elevating
influence of some of the motives that have ele-
vated you, and then if against all that they fail to
rise and fail to improve, then, and not till then,
will it be time to reproach them with their inabil-
ity to cope and contend with their white masters.
Sir, I have a great many times felt for the col-
ored people the injustice of such accusations and
such reproaches as these. We have it now in our
power to put this experiment to the test. We
hive it in our power to satisfy the Senator from
Kentucky, and those who sympathize with him,
whether his apprehensions arc well or ill founded;
but let me tell hirn that there are predictions of a
very-different character. Any man who will read
the old prophets will see that if there be any one
sin against which they invoked the judgments of
God, for the repentance of which they promised
the d ivine blessing, it was this very sin of slavery.
Strike that out of the old prophets, and there will
be nothing of them left. 1 know that generally
we do not read the prophets with any such idea.
Let me tell you an incident which shed a good
deal of light on my mind in regard to the manner
in which men read the beautiful and eloquent de-
nunciations of the old prophets against oppres-
sion. I was once in a small village in my own
State, where there was to be a meeting in the even-
ing, and the gentleman who conducted it asked
me if I would not talk to the people in the evening.
He was a clergyman. 1 told him 1 would if he
would read out of the Scriptures what I suggested
to him. said lie would; so I gave him one of
the chapters of Isaiah, in which this patriaichal
institution is pretty roughly handled. The old
gentleman read it, with lus spectacles on; and after
awhile he turned round and said: "Why, this
seems to be against, the national sin." Said I:" Ex-
actly; that is what it was written for." " Well,
I declare," said he, " I never thought of it before
in that light." He never did. He had read the
Bible for some seventy years, and the fact that
the judgments of God were denounced againstop-
pressions practiced in our nation never occurred
to that poor old soul; and that is the way the
Bible is read.
But now, sir, let me close by reading to the
Senator from Kentucky predictions of the conse-
quences that wdl follow emancipation exceedingly
different from those which lie has predicted. lie
predicts pauperism, degradation, crime, burdens
upon society. That is the dark picture which fills
his imagination as the consequences that are to
follow the putting away of oppression from the
midst of us. Let me read to htm a different pie-
diction:
"6. Is not this the f.i<.t that I have chosen?—to loose
the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy buidena, and
to lot the oppressed £0 free, ami that ye bieak evoiy \oke.
"7. Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungiy, and that
thou bring the poor thut aic cast out to thy house. W hen
thou sec&t the naked, that thou cover him j and that thou
hide not thyself from thine own llesh ?"
What are to be the consequences? Not pauper-
ism, degradation, and crime, but—
" 8. Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and
thine hoaitli >hall spring forth speedily ; *uul thy righteous-
ness shall go before thee: the gloiy of the Lord shall he thy
rereward.
9. Then Jshait thou call, and the Lotd shall answci;
thou shalt cry, and he shall say, Here i am. If thou take
away from the midst of thee the yoke, the putting foith of
tbe tinger, and speaking vanity.
" 10. And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, and
satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light rise in ob-
scurity, and thy darkness be as the noon-day.
"11. And the Lord shall guide thee continually, and sat-
isfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones c ajid thou
shalt be hke a watered garden, and like a spung of water,
whose wateis fail not. ,
u 12. And they that shall be of thee shall build the old
waste places: thou shalt raise up the foundations of ni&ny
generations; and thou shaU be called, The lepairer o! the
bieachj The restorer of paths to dwell in.' —Isaiah,, cnap.
58.
Now, sir, this nation has an opportunity, if I
may say so—and I say it reverently--—of putting
the Almighty to the test, and of seeing whether
the consequences that his prophet has foretold oi
his Senator has predicted will follow as the result
of this measure.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock for the purpose of
going into executive session to do some very im-
portant business.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of ^Massachu-
setts, the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 18, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain,Rev. Thomas I-X.Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EMPLOYES OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
tiansmitting a list of the clerks and other persons
employed in the various bureaus of the Treasury
Department for the year endingDecember31,1861,
as required by the act of Congress of 26th August,
1842; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
DISTRICT JAIL.
The SPEAKER announced the business next
in order to be the consideration of Report No. 11
of the Committee for the District of Columbia, rel-
ative to the order of the marshal of the District of
Columbia excluding visitoi s from the District jail,
asking to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
No objection being made, the committee was
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
ARMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
regularly in order to be the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 188, to increase the efficiency of the
medical department of the Army, reported on the
12th instant from the Committee on Militury Af-
fairs, with amendments, and postponed until this
day.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia were discharged
fiom the consideration ofthe matter relative to the
admission of persons to the District jail, and move
to lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be received
and entered, but it cannot be considered at this
time.
The first amendment of-the Committee on Mil-
itary Afi'airs was read, as follows;
Stnke out all aftei the enacting clause, and insert the
following: _
That there shall beadded to the present medical corps of
the Army, ten surgeons and ten assistant surgeon;?, to be
piomoUxi ami appointed undei existing laws*, twenty med-
ical cadets, and as many hospital stewards as the Smgeon
Geneial may considei necessary for the public seivice.
Sec. 2. Jind bcit jurthcr cnaitcd, That the Surgeon Gen-
eial to be appointed under tins act shall have the mnk, pay,
and emoluments of a bugadier general. There shall be
one Assistant fcSunreori General and one medical inspector
geneial of hospitals, each with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a colonel of cavalry, and the medical inspector
general shall have, undei the direction of the Surgeon Gen-
ial, the &upei vision of all that lelates to the a.mitaiy con-
dition of the Auny, whether m transports, quaiters, or
camps, and oi the hv^iene, police, discipline, and efficiency
of field and geneial hospitals, undei such regulations as
nmv hereafter be established.
Sec. 3. -And be it jutt'ier cnaited. I hat there shall be
eHn medical inspector*, with the rank, pay, and einolu-
merits eacll of a lieutenant colonel of cavahy, and who
shall he charged with the duty of inspecting the sanitary
condition of transports, quarters, and camps, ot hem ana
general hospitals, and who shall report to the medical in-
spector general, under such regulations as may be hereaf-
ter established, all circumstances relating to the samtaiy
condition and wants of troops and of hospitals, and to the
skill, efficiency, and good conduct of the otiicers and at-
tendants connected with the medical department.
Sec. 4. J3nd be it further enaded, That the feurgeon Gen-
eral, the Assistant Burgeon General, medical inspector gen-
eral, and medical inspectors, shall immediately after the
passage of this act be appointed hy the Piesulcnt, by and
with the advice and consent ofthe Senate, by selection iiom
the regular medical coips of the Auny, without regard to
their rank when so selected, but with sole regard to quali-
fications. ,, ,
Sec. o. Jlnd be it further enacted, That medical purvey-
ors shall be charged, under the direction of the Suigeon
General, with the selection and purchase of all medical sup-
plies, including new standard preparations, and of all books,
instruments, hospital btores, furniture, and other ai tides
required for the sick and wounded of the Auny. In all
eases of emergency they may piovide such additional ac-
commodations for the sick and wounded of the Aimy, and
may transpoit such medical supplies as cucumstancos may
render necessaiy, under such icgulations as may hereafter
be established, and shall make prompt and immediate issues
upon all special requisitions made upon them under such
cncumstances by medical officers ; and the special requi-
sitions shall consist simply oi a list of the articles requited,
the quantities required, dated, and signed by the medical
officers requiring them.
Sec. 6. !&nd be it further enacted, That whenever the in-
spector general, or any of the medical inspectors, shall re-
poit an officerof the medical corps as disqualified,by age
or otherwise, for piomotion to a higher grade, or
for the performance of lus professional duties, he shall be
repoi ted by the Surgeon General for examination to amedi-
cai board, as provided by the seventeenth section of the
act approved August 3,1861.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts or parts
of acts inconsistent with the piovisions of this act he, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Committee on
Military Affairs have given to this subject a good
deal of attention. It has been before them at dif-
ferent meetings a great many times. They have
had the benefitof the counsel of some of the ablest
medical men of the present Army board, and of
the sanitary commission. They believe that this
bill, as they propose to amend it, will do all that
can be done by legislation here to prevent disease
in the Army, and to cure it. It is impossible,
however, for Congress, by the passage of this or
any other bill, to secure an effici-ent medical staff
for the Army without the cooperation of the Ex-
ecutive. But, if the Executive chooses, under this
bill, such modifications of the present staff can be
introduced, and the staff itself so extended in the
direction ofthe sanitary care of the Army as that
there will be no difficulty whatever in providing
all that medical science can do for the Army.
The first section of the substitute reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, provides for
a slight increase of the force of surgeons and as-
sistant surgeons of the Army. We have thought
this important, but if there should be a disposition
on the part of the House not to grant this increase
it can of course be stricken out withoutimpairing
the efficiency ofthe other provisions of the bill.
The second section of the substitute provides
that the Surgeon General shall have the rank and
pay of a brigadier general of the Army. The pres-
ent law gives him only the rank and pay of colo-
nel. Wo think some prize ought to be held out
to the medical corps of the Army for efficiency,
as well as to all the other ofliceis in the Army.
It is impossible to expect the requisite science and
qualifications m this class of men without. It is
one ofthe most responsible positions in the Army,
and unless you can hold out some corresponding
prize for efficient service, you cannot expcct to
secuie the best men.
The Committee on Military Affairs believe that
the policy of restricting the Surgeon General to
the rank and pay of a colonel is a mistake; that
if there is any object in holding out to our line
officers the great prizes of brigadier generalship
and major generalship—if there is any sense in
holding out the prizes that are held out in almost
every corps or bureau in the Army; at the head
of each one, so far as I remember, is an officer
with the rank and pay of a brigadier general—I
say if there is any policy in holding out these
prizes to the other branches ofthe service, it ought
to be followed in this most important corps of the
Army.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether he proposes to pro-
mote these surgeons from one rank to another,
provided they exhibit any more than an ordinary
degree of skill and efficiency ? I suppose he does
not anticipate placing any one in the position of
Surgeon General who is not now in the service.
