8188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
my$,
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and on that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. ALDRiCHand
Crisfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 67.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Diddle, Jacob B. Blair,
George H. Browne, Cobb, Coming, Duntap, English, Fcs-
tenden, Grider, Hall, Holman, Law, Lehman, May> May-
Hard, Mcnzies, Mitchell, Odell, Olin, Perry, James S. Rol-
lins, Sherman, John B. Steele, Stiles, Train, Voorhees,
Webster, and VVicklifTe—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter,
Beunmn, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair,. Blake, William G.
Brown, Buffititoi), CatnpbeH, Casey. ChamberJiH, Clark,
Clements,Colfax, Frederick A. ConklinE,Uo^coe Coukling,
Crisfield, Cutler, Dawes, Ducll, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Foulje, Gooch, Goodwin,Granger, GurJey,llooper, Huteh-
tns,J ttlaiii,Kolley,Knar p,Lazcar, f..oomis,Lovejoy,Lo\v,
■McKnight Mcpherson, ftloorhead, Anson r. Morrill, Justin
S. Motnll, Nugeti, Putton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Por-
ter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John IL Rice, Riddle, Ed-
ward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shehabarger, Sfoan, fcpaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Benja-
min P. Thomas, Trimhlo,Trowl)iidgc, Van Horn, Verree,
Wall, Walion, Washbume, Wheeler, Whalcy, Albert S.
White, Wilson, and Wtndoin—78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NOELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Norton, had paired with Mr. Pomehoy.
Messrs. COX, JACKSON, and MALLORY
(not having been within the bar when their names
were called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The motion of Mr. Eliot was agreed to, and
all further proceedings under the call were dis-
pensed with.
The question recurred on Mr. Eliot's motion
to insist on the disagreement of the House to the.
Senate amendments, and to agree to the commit-
tee of conference asked for.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from; tub sun ate. *
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, requested the return to the Senate
of House bill No. 436, granting pensions, for the
purpose of correcting errors in engrossing amend-
ments. The request of the Senate was complied
with.
MStfKIBtmON OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjouin.
Mr. MoPIIERSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield that I may make a privileged report.
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. McPI-IERSON. I am directed by the Joint
Committee on the Library to report back joint
resolution (XI. R. No. 10(f) providing for the dis-
tribution of certain books and public documents
now in the Department of the Interior.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged re-
port.
Mr. McPHERSON. Then I ask unanimous
consent to report it buck.
Mr. TRAIN. I object.
.CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his motion to adjourn till I make
a report from a committee of conference?
Mr. COX. Certainly. I will yield for anything
that will expedite the closing of this session.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
to House bill No. 393, making further appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1863, reported
that, after full and free conference, the committee
had agreed to recommend that the House recede
from its disagreement to the second amendment
, of the Senate, and agree to the same; that the
House recede fro m its d isagreemc n t to the Senate's
ninth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment to strike out, in line five, the word
"twenty-five," and insert, in lieu thereof, the
word " twenty-eight;" and to strike out, in line
seven, the word " twenty-eight," and insert, in
lieu thereof, the word " thirty," that the Senate
recodefrom its tenth amendment, and from its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House to its
eighth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment, striking out all after the word " be,"
in line five, and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"$4,000 a year, to commence on the 1st day of
January,1862."'
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to.
Mr. W1CKHFFE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
final adjournment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE asked unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That this Congress
will adjourn on the 14tli of July, at twelve o'clock, m.
Objection was made.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 9,1862.
Prayev by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
COURTS IN WEST TENNESSEE.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred House bill No.55G,
to change the place of holding the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States for the district of
West Tennessee, have instructed me to report it
backwithout amendment, with a recommendation
that it pass. It is merely for the purpose of chang-
ing the place of holding the courts of the United
States within that district, and is I suppose some-
what important in consequence of the difficulties
in that State. The committee instruct me to ask
that the bill be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
556) to change the place of holding the circuit and
district courts.of the United States for the district
of West Tennessee was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that hereafter
the circuit and district courts of the United States
for the district of West Tennessee, shall be holden
on the first Mondays in April and October, in the
town of Huntingdon, in the county of Carroll, in-
stead of the town of Jackson, the place heretofore
fixed by law. All process, civil and criminal,
which may have been, or hereafter may be, issued,
returnable to the courts at Jackson, is to be re-
turned at Huntingdon; and all books and records
of every kind, pertaining to the courts, are to be
transferred from Jackson to Huntingdon.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
settlement of negroes in "west indies.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 385) to amend an act
entitled " An act t6 amend an act entitled ' An
act in addition to the acts prohibiting the slave
trade,'" have instructed me to report it back with-
out amendment,and to recommend that it do pass.
This bill, Mr. President, has reference to grant-
ing authority to the President of the United States
to make contracts with foreign Governments in
regard to recaptured Africans taken on the high
seas, with a view of having them transported to
any of the West India islands, or other tropical
regions where the foreign Governments owning
the islands are disposed to receive and provide
comfortably and properly for these recaptured
Africans for a period of time to be agreed upon.
The present law on the subject authorizes the
President to make this arrangement with the Amer-
ican Colonization Society, and to transport them
to Liberia for this purpose. It entails upon the
Governments very great amountof expense,and
sometimes great delay. This bill has reference
to entering into an arrangement with the Govern-
ment of Denmark, through their minister here,
and having these persons under certain circum-
stances sent to the island of Santa Cruz. It is
believed that they will be in all respects as well
received and provided for there as anywhere that
the Government can dispose of them, and it is
thought it will save the Government a very great
amount of expense. The bill has been prepared
under the eye of one of the Departments. It is
short; it is important that it should be passed be-
fore the next session, because if recaptured Afri-
cans are thrown upon our hands, it will be very
desirable to have this additional power given to
the President in respect to disposing of them. It
does not repeal existing laws, and if, in the judg-
ment of the Executive, it shall be deemed best to
continue the arrangement with the Colonization
Society, and send them to Liberia, this bill will
not interfere with it. It will enlarge his powers.
I think it is desirable that it should pass. I ask
for its consideration at this time.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the bill read.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course it will be read.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will be read
as a matter of course. The Chair asks if there
be unanimous consent to its consideration at this
time.
Mr. KING. I suppose that involves the ques-
tion of acting on it finally now, and I desire to
hear it before I give that consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read for information.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
it may be lawful for the President of the United
States to enter into arrangement, by contract or
otherwise, with one or more foreign Governments
having possessions in the West Indjes or other
tropical regions, or with their duly constituted
agent or agents, to receive from the United States,
for a term not exceeding five years, at such place
or places as shall be agreed upon, all negroes,
mulattoes, or persons of color, delivered from on
board vessels seized in the prosecution of the
slave trade by commanders of United Status armed
vessels, and to provide them with suitable instruc-
tion, and with comfortable clothing and shelter,
and to employ them, at wages, under such regu-
lations as shall be agreed upon, for a period not
exceeding five years from the date of their being
landed at the place or places agreed upon; but the
United States is to incur no expenses on account
of the negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color,
after having landed them at the place or places
agreed upon. Any arrangement thus made may
be renewed by the President from time to time,
as may be found necessary or desirable, for pe-
riods not exceeding five years on each renewal.
The President may issue instructions to the com-
manders of the armed vessels of the United States,
directing them, whenever it shall be practicable,
and under such rules and regulations as he shall
prescribe, to proceed directly to such place or
places as shall have been agreed vpon with any
foreign Government, or its duly constituted agent
or agents, under this provision, and there deliver
to the duly constituted authorities, or agents of
such foreign Government, all negroes, mulattoes,
or persons of color, delivered from on board ves-
sels seized in the prosecution of the slave trade,
afterwards taking the vessel and persons engaged
in prosecuting the slave trade to the proper place
for trial and adjudication.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over
under the rules.
WAE SERVICES OF NEGROES.
Mr. KING. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia to report
a bill (S. No. 386) to provide for receiving into
the service of the United States persons of Afri-
can descent for work on intrenchments and other
war services.
The bill was read the first time by its title,
z Mr. KING. I ask that the bill be now read a
second time at length, as I design to request that
it be put upon its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the bill will be read the second time.
Mr. CARLILE and Mr. POWELL. I object.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the bill is to be referred
to a committee, I think it ought to be read twice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is usual,
when bills are introduced, to have them read a
first and second time with a view to reference; but
if objection be made to the second reading of a
bill, it passes over under the rules of the Seriate.
No bill can be read twice on the same day except
by unanimous consent.
