2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mt it gQ a little longer, even to the point where I
felt compelled by a sense of public duty to again
call the attention of the Senate to the necessity
o.f passing the tax bill. That necessity exists
from this fact: we are solemnly pledged before
the country by a vote of both branches of Con-
gress, very nearly a unanimous vote, to pass a
tax bill, and to do it at this session of Congress.
We have given our promise, which is on record,
and on the strength of that promise we have bor-
rowed money; and,for one,I am disposed to keep
it, come what will. It has been delayed so long
that the impression and fear is getting up in the
country that Congress really means to shirk it,
and give it tf?e go-by.
I have yielded and waited with that view, and
ip order that the accusation should not be made
against roe or my friends on the Committee on
Finance that we took up the tax bill for the pur-
pose of interposing it against this bill. Now, sir,
a new state of things arises. I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if he does not desire at the
present time that this bill now before the Senate
shall be postponed for some days in order that it
may get the go-by, and a bill coming from the
other House may be acted upon here—if he does
not prefer that we should take up the tax bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator allude to me ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. *
Mr. SUMNER,. If the question is between the
consideration of the bill of the special committee
and the tax bill, I am for the tax bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably, and
why ?
Mr. SUMNER. Because the tax bill is a real-
ity; "there is something in it. The other bill is not
a reality; there is nothing in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely what
I wanted to bring gentlemen to. I know that is
the state of the case, for I have watched the course
of things. We have got to that point where the
friends, the peculiar friends of confiscation, the
gentlemen who are appealing to the country and
covertly threatening to expose others to the coun-
try, do not want to act on this bill, and want the
tax bill taken up. They undoubtedly have very
good motives, excellent motives. I do not impugn
them at all. I take them just as they say. They
believe this is not an efficient bill, and they prefer
that it should receivc the go-by at the present time,
in order that hereafter they may get a better otfe
from the House of Representatives. I understood
that to be the case, and I appealed to my friend
from Massachusetts, for I knew he would answer
me frankly and openly on the subject, and 1 have
reason to believe that ho represents the opinions
of others on this subject, for I have heard it from
other quarters.
Now, sir, I have said this much in order to show
the country just where the matter stands with the
peculiar friends ofa stringent confiscation bill, that
they do not wish to proceed at the present time in
this discussion; they prefer time, i therefore, m
obedience to my own judgment and to their wishes,
give notice that to-morrow morning I shall move
to take up the tax bill. ^
Mr. WADE. I hope you will not be gratified
-—that is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
one week from to-day. i presume it will suit the
Senator from Kentuckyas well to finish his speech
at that time.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not object at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely. I knew the
Senator would be as willing to finish itatoue time
as another, and that is the reason I gave the no-
tice I did.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ken-
tucky says that time would answer as well nsany
other, and I confess I do desire that this subject
should be postponed. I believe we shall get a
better bill from the House of Repicsentatives, and
1 believe time is a very great object with us in
the completion of tins confiscation bill. I there-
fore make the motion that the further considera- ,
tion of this subject be postponed until one week :
from to-day, and b<> made the special order for i
one o'clock at that tune. j
Mr. DOOLiriT.R. 1 have hoard it so often '
repeated on tins floor that the bill now pending" ■
has no efficiency in it for the purposes for which I
it is made, that I desire for a moment to call the !
attention of the country and the Senate to some i
of the provisions of the bill which I doubt if they
have ever read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it go.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to show it now.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire whether it is in
order while a gentleman has the floorforany other
person to speak on the bill. The Senator from
Kentucky has not relinquished his right to the
floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am speaking on the
motion to postpone and make it a special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio make the question of order?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, I make this question
of order: that it is not proper for the Senator from
Wisconsin to discuss themeritsof this bill until the
Senator from Kentucky has finished his speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
not understood the Senator from Wisconsin as
discussing the merits of the bill as yet.
Mr. WADE. He said he was going to discuss
it, and show wherein we were mistaken about it.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the ques-
tion arises so that it can be made, the Chair will
endeavor to decide it. At present the Chair thinks
the Senator from Wisconsin is in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I have just
heard the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
say that he prefers taking up the tax bill because
there is nothing in this bill. Now, sir, I have read
it and compared it with his, and I undertake to
say that, as a lawyer or as a judge, there is no man
who will sit down and compare the two together
that will not find altogether more efficiency in the
bill now pending than in the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts. It contains one sec-
tion which provides for the outlawry of the men
who shall flee from the United States. The big
rebels are the men who will flee when this war
comes to a close. You may denounce this bill as
inefficient if you please, but" I venture to say more
property will be reached under that single pro-
vision outlawing the man who shall flee from the
country-
Mr. TRUMBULL.
that is not indicted ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
indicting them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Will it outlaw anybody
Is there any difficulty in
Mr. President 
The Senator need not in-
terrupt me. He has just put me in mind of what
has been said here again and again, that a rebel
cannot be indicted in one of these States. Can
you not indict a man in Virginia? Suppose your
courts are held at Wheeling. Have they not al-
ready been indicted there?
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Can they not be indicted
in Kentucky ? Can they not be indicted in Ten-
nessee ?
Mr. CARLILE. Not less than five hundred
of them have been indicted in Virginia now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Vir-
ginia informs me that live hundred are now in-
dicted in Virgima.
Mr. WILLEY. Upwards of seven hundred.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upwards of seven hun-
dred, says his colleague, have been indicted in
Virginia for treason, and yet, day after day, men
stand up here and say there is no efficiency in this
bill. Why, sir, they have not stopped to think
about the effect of the bill, that is all the difficulty.
This Senate, by a deliberate vote, has once de-
cided that the property which was to be affected
was to be the property of certain classes 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 rise to a question of order.
I always listen to the Senator with great pleasure;
but I take it the question now before the Senate
is on the postponement.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We are coming to the
point to see who are the friends of confiscation
and who are opposed to it. We will bring you
to the record. We will have no more of this kind
of trifling here, endeavoring covertly from day to
day to arraign those before the country who are
for confiscation under the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and who will not trample its provision
under their feet to accommodate the feelings, or
the pays;ons, or the resentment of anybody m any
quai ter of the country, but who stand for the Con-
stitution as it is, and go for the confiscation of
property under its provisions. We arc coming
to the point to see who is for a confiscation bill,
and who is against it.
Mr. President, this kind of assumption and dic-
tation here is not to be tolerated in anybody. All
I ask for myself is just what I yield to every other
man. 1 ask a respectful consideration of my opin-
ion. I will yield a respectful consideration to the
opinion of any other man. Let no man assume
that he is infallible. I make no such assumption
for myself. I have always believed, notwithstand-
ing theapparentdifferencesof opinion in this body,
that a bill could be framed which would practi-
cally reach the property of the leading rebels in
the rebellion, and take that property from them,
and that all this assumption that they cannot be
indicted, that they cannot be tried, and that they
cannot be convicted is a false assumption. 1 un-
dertake to say to day that a rebel would stand, per-
haps, a poorer chance of getting a fair trial in Vir-
ginia than he would in Ohio. Why ? Eecause the
men who would be summoned upon the jury would
be the very men who had suffered most from the
rebellion, and who would perhaps be governed by
their resentments.
Sir, I should not have been inclined to say this
much, but for the constant assumption that is made
here. Gentlemen get up and say there is nothing
in this bill; there is no efficiency in it. They may
not see the same efficiency in it that I do; but is it
for them to assume to speak dogmatically, ex cct-
thedra, that there is nothing in this bill? I propose
to refer a little to the provisions of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise the question of order
whether the speech of the Senator is in order on
the motion now before the Senate. The Senator
from Kentucky, as I understand, has the floor on
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will try to cool my friends
down, if 1 can, by saying a word. I never knew
a question on the postponement of a bill in my
life that did not bring up every point in it, if any-
body had a mind to discuss it.
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will ask him if he ever knew another Senator to
take the floor and discuss the merits of the bill
before the man who had the floor had finished his
speech ? That is the question.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 will answer that question
if the Senator from Wisconsin will allow me.
There is a point of order raised, and 1 believe I
have the floor on that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will yield the floor on
a question of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly, I would not have
taken it on any other.
Mr. WADE. I want to be understood. 1 un-
derstood the Senator from Kentucky to give way
for a motion to adjourn. Now, whoever heard
before in this Seriate, or in any deliberate body,
that another man may take the floor and argue a
motion to adjourn, and take up the bill and go
through it critically and make a speech upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no motion to
adjourn pending.
Mr. WADE. When the Senator from Ken-
tucky yielded, there was a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 yield.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg to say that I made the
motion to adjourn myself at the suggestion of my
friend from Kentucky, who said that he was so
exhausted that he could not well pursue the sub-
ject further this evening. No vote has yet been
taken on that motion to adjourn; and I submit
that until a vote is taken on that motion, all other
motions are out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan is entiiely mistaken. The v«te
was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas
17, nays 18; and the Senate did not adjourn. The
Senate is now considering a motion to postpone
the matter until a week from to-day, and the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator give way
to me for a moment?
Mi. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to withdraw
the motion that 1 made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion made by some other Senator
to postpone this subject until one o'clock to-mor-
row. The question was on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan, that being the longest
