186&:
T01 GON(xKESSI-OMAL GLOBE.
3189
Mr. CQLLAlVlIi<Il. If this bill has been re-
ported I>y a committee I have no objection to its'
going qver without a second reading.
Mr. KING. This is a report from a committee.
The committee were unanimous,except that one
member had some doubts as to one section. I ask
that the bill be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill being
reported by a committee, will be printed, as a
matter of course.
ARMY CORPS AND STAFFS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia direct
me to report a bill which I wish to have put upon
its passage now.
The bill (S. No. 388) providing for the organiza-
tion of army corps, and of staffs attached to corps
and divisions of the army of the United States,
and for other purposes, was read the first time by
its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent the bill will be read the second time at
length.
The Secretary read the bill.
It proposes to authorize the President to estab-
lish and organize army corps according to his
discretion. Each army corps is to have the fol-
lowing officers attached thereto, who are to con-
stitute the staff, of the commander thereof: one
assistantadjutantgeneral, one quartermaster, one
commissary of subsistence, and one assistant in-
spector general, who shall bear,respectively, the
rank of lieutenant colonel, and who shall be as-
signed from the army or volunteer force by the
President; also three aids-de-camp, one to bear
the rank of major, and two to bear the rank of
captain, to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, upon
the recommendation of the commander of the
army corps.
Each division of the forces of the United States,
consisting of two or more brigades, is to have the
folio wing officers attached thereto, who are to con-
stitute the staff of the permanent commander
thereof: one assistant adjutant general and one
assistant inspector general, who shall bear, re-
spectively, the rank of major, and who shall be
assigned from the Army or volunteer forces; also
three aids-de-camp, to bear the rank of captain,
to be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, upon the rec-
ommendation of the commander of the division.
Any officers of the regular Army assigned and
detached to staff duty, as thus provided,are, upon
the cessation of such service, to resume their posi-
tion in the regular Army, with the same rank and
promotion as if they had continued to serve in
their own regiments or corps. The senior officer
of artillery in each army corps or division is, in
addition to his other duties, to.act as chief of ar-
tillery and ordnance at the headquarters of the
corps or division.
The bill further provides that the cavalry forces
shall hereafter be organized as follows: each regi-
ment of cavalry shall have one colonel, one lieu-
tenant colonel, three majors, one surgeon, one
assistant surgeon, one regimental adjutant, one
regimental quartermaster,one regimental commis-
sary, one sergeant major, one quartermaster ser-
geant, one commissary sergeant, two hospital
stewards, one saddler sergeant, one chief trum-
peter, and one chief farrier or blacksmith. Each
regiment is to consist of twelve companies or
troops; and each company or troop is to have one
captain, one lieutenant, one second lieutenant, one
supernumerary second lieutenant, one first ser-
geant, one quartermaster sergeant, one commis-
sary sergeant, five sergeants, eight corporals, two
teamsters, two farriers or blacksmiths, one sad-
dler, one wagoner, and seventy-eight privates.
The regimental adjutants, the legimental quarter-
masters, and the regimental commissaries are to
be taken from their respective regiments. The
vacancies caused by this organization are not to
be considered as original, but are to be filled by
regular promotion.
The bill further provides that the President shall
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a judge-advocate general with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general. Into
his office the records and proceedings of courts-
martial and military commissions are to be re-
turned for revision; and he is to keep a record there-
of and of the proceedings tliereon; and no sentence
of death or imprisonment in the penitentiary is to
be carried into execution until it shall have been
approved by. the President. It is further provided
that there may be appointed by the President for
each army in the field a judge-advocate, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of k colonel.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that bill been read the
second time?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has just
been read tlie second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object to its being
read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will carry
it over.
Mr. HALE. That, I suppose, will not prevent
an amendment being made.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the bill has been read
twice, I have no objection to its being considered
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. I observe that the last section of
the bill provides for the appointment of judges-
advocate by the President. I move to amend it by
inserting after the word " President," the words
" by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate."
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. It is so now.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand it so. Let
the Secretary read the last section about the judge-
advocate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That there may be appointed
by the President for each army in the field a judg<;-advo-
cate, with the rank, pay, and emoluments ofa colonel, who
shall perform the duties of a judge-advocate Cor the army to
which he belongs, under the supervision of the judge-ad-
vocate general.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert after the word
" President," the words " by and with the advice
and consent of tho Senate."
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs whether a bill to organize division and bri-
gade corps was not passed.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. We passed
it here, but they have not passed it in the other
House. It is mixed up with some other things,
and it cannot get through there. After consulta-
tion with some members of the House, it is thought
we can get this bill through there. I have taken
out of it every thing that I supposed anybody could
oppose. There were two or three sections in the
bill as we passed it which I huve taken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Personally
I have no objection to that amendment. On con-
sultation with the Secretary of War in regard to
it it was objected to, and it was said there was a
reason why this section should be different from
theotherin that respect. However, if it is the Sen-
ator's desire to insert that amendment I do not ob-
ject to it. ^ I do not see how it can do any harm
to have it in.
Mr. HALE. It cannot do any harm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the next
section read.
Mr. HALE. That was the last.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one section there, if
I am not mistaken, that raises the judge-advocate
general, who has now the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a major, up to a brigadier general, three
grades higher. I want to move to strike that out.
I have not heard of any necessity for such a
change. I believe, so far as I know, the duties
of that office are satisfactorily discharged by tho
person there with the rank of major.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to strike out the following sec-
tion which will be read, and will then be open to
amendment.
The Secretary read the section proposed to be
stneken out, as follows;
Jlnd be it fuithcr cnacted, That the President shall ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a judge-advocate geneial, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; that the records and proceed-
ings? of courte-mmtial and military commissions Fhall bo
returned to the office of the judge-advocate genera! for.re-
vision, and the judge-advocate general shall keep a record
thereof, and of the proceedings had thereon; and no sen-
tence of death or imprisonmentin the penitentiary shall be
carried into execution until the same shall have been ap-
proved by the President.
Mr. GRIMES. That section merely reenacta
what is already the law, with the exception that
it fixes the rank of the judge-advocate general.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I hope the
Senate will not adopt that amendment. If they
do, I would just as soon abandon the bill. The*
truth is, I was sent for to go to the War Office
yesterday to have a consultation on that very
point, and the importance of it is beyond all my
power of expression. I cannot state its import-
ance to the Senate. The intention is to reform
abuses that exist in tho Army, and to put a man
in there of unquestioned capacity and loyalty, to
whom is to be intrusted the very high and im-
portant duties of revising and looking over what
is done in the field. The abuses existing in the
Army with regard to these courts-maitial, the in-
consistencies and the want of system among them
are very marked, and the object of this section is
to make a reform. It may add a very few dol-
lars to the expenses of the office; but I do not be-
lieve that it will add to the expenses of the coun-
try in the general administration of the Army. I
know the Government is very anxious and de-
sirous to have it passed.
Mr. HALE. The reforms that have been intro-
duced,such as the honorableSenatorfrom Massa-
chusetts proposes to introduce here, have been to
raise the rank, pay, and emoluments of the officer
holding tho position. That is tho whole of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to say how it
will be in the'future. I am only speaking of what
has been in the past. That has been the past ex-
perience of the Government. Now, sir, I think
the judge-advocate should not be an officer of the
Army. He should neither have the pay nor the
emoluments nor the feathers of a brigadier gen-
eral; but he should be what the law contemplates
his being, a legal character, a legal mind, to pre-
side at the courts, and advise them as to whatthc
law is. I hope the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa will prevail. The whole idea of con-
necting a judge-advocate with military rank, po-
sition, and emolument, is totally wrong. There
oughtnotto beanysuchthing. 1 hope theamend-
ment will prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move t,hat the bill lie on
the table for the present.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to let the bill lie on the table after the
vote that has been just taken. There are some
very important provisions in it, but I suppose it
is impossible to get any reform in this branch.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A single ob-
jection to the third reading of the bill to-day, car-
ries it over.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUORUM.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the res-
olution in regard to a quorum. I desire simply to
have a vote by yeas and nays upon it. It is very
important that that question should be determined
now, in order to enable the Committee on Finance
to report on the question of (he final adjournment,
if that resolution should be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to make a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that now, while the
Senate is full, we may take up that resolution, and
if I have the floor 1 will move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view to take it up. I simply desire
to state that, if that resolution be adopted, I am
authorized to report the resolution fixing the day
of adjournment; but if it is not, we cannot fix the
dayof adjournment, when tho sickness ofasingle
member or any casualty may terminate the de-
liberations of the body, and place it beyond our
power to continue the session or protract the time,
i hope, therefore, we shall have dction upon it now.
It will take but a moment. I do not want to dis-
cuss the question, except simply to read the pro-
visions of the Constitution which relate to u. I
hope, therefore, we shall have a vote on the res-
olution. I move to postpone all prior orders, and
that the Senate take up that resolution for con-
sideration.
Mr. WILKINSON. Iam in favor of that res-
olution; but I ask the Senator to give way to en-
able me to call up a resolution that I offered yes-
