1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I suppose not. But
we propose to add something to the present forcc
of this department. We propose to give the Pres-
ident power to select from the entire corps of sur-
geons and assistant surgeons of the Army, to fill
the position of AssistantSurgeon General, and the
other places created by the bill. And then we
propose to draw to this service other eminent
physicians who would not otherwise go into the
service. Then we propose to do what is fair by
giving to the Surgeon General a rank commen-
surate with the responsibilities of his office.
The substitute for the bill providesfor one As-
sistant Surgeon General and one medical inspector
general of hospitals, with the rank and pay of a
colonel of cavalry, under whose direction and su-
pervision will he all that relates to the sanitary
condition of the Army. We have been informed
and believe that more can be done in the direction
of the prevention of disease, and efforts can be bet-
ter directed to that end than to the cure of dis-
ease after it has been brought among the soldiers.
"We all know very well that, as our soldiers ad-
vance to the southern portion of the country, the
malaria of that region will have its effect upon
them. The seeds of this disease are already being
planted among our troops. I have no doubt that,
by proper treatment in the way of prevention, a
great portion of this disease can be saved. But,
if these causes are allowed to have their full effect
as they now are, without any efforts to prevent
the spread of the disease, we shall have our Army
afflicted with it even to a worse extentthan ithas
been up to this time.
The bill under consideration also provides for
the appointment of eight inspectors of hospitals,
to act under the Surgeon General, and that all
these appointments shall be made by selection
from the present corps of surgeons and assistant
surgeons of the Army.
I hope the House will receive the substitute
proposed by the Committee on Military Affairs
with favorable consideration. I believe it will
give greater satisfaction to the Army, to the san-
itary commission, and to all persons who have
given their attention to the subject, than any other
measuio which has been proposed,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs whether this provision contained in sec-
tion four, to which he has referred, requiring these
appointments to be made from selections from the
surgeons and assistant surgeons of the Army, is,
in his judgment, compatible with the main object
of the bill as he has presented it to the House?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In response to the
inquiry of the gentleman from New York, I will
say that if I had not believed it so I should not
have reported it. I beiieve there are men among
the surgeons of the Army more competent to fill
these offices than any other men in the country.
I believe that the position of surgeon in the Army
requires qualifications entirely different from those
of physicians in private life. He must know the
regulations of the Army and the manner in which
business is done in the Army, which he cannot
learn from any amount of experience in the pro-
fession in private life. The information which
Army surgeons thus acquire, in addition to the
high qualifications as physicians which prevail
among the Army surgeons, would, in my judg-
ment, better qualify them for discharging the du-
ties of these offices than wc can find elsewhere.
If I had believed that there was, 1 would never
have reported, by my own consent, this section
to the bill.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, I have no
information, nor have I heard any facts going to
show the necessity for the increase ofthe medical
corps of the Army, provided by the first section
of this bill. I do not know whether the Surgeon
General's department recommend it, nor \vhence
comes the pressure for its passage. I would be
glad to have, in an authentic shape, an official rec-
ommendation from some branch of the Govern-
ment, before pledging myself to the supportof so
important a measure. I cannot say that the in-
creased force is unnecessary. But 1 do not know
the grounds on which it is considered essentia),
or even important to the service.
During the last session, in July, Congress pro-
vided for an increase of the regular Ai my, but did
not provide for an increased medical force, except
of medical cadets. I understand that the passage
of this bill is somehow claimed in consequence of
such enlargement of the regular Army. If this
be true, the point for the consideration of the
House is, whether there is a necessity for so large
an increase as ten surgeons and ten assistant sur-
geons.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Bid we not pass, a few
days ago, a bill establishing a medical director
for each division ?
Mr. McPHERSON. That bill applied to the
volunteer force, and has not yet passed finally.
This bill proposes an addition to the medical corps
of the regular Army.
As I have already stated, we provided at the
extra session in July last for an increase of the
regular Army. I do not think, however, that we
then provided for an increase of the medical corps
except by creating the corps of medical cadets.
Now, have we any information that the new regi-
ments of the regular Army have been filled, or
nearly filled, so as to require an increased medi-
cal force? I know that they have been organized,
and that 'the officers have been appointed; but I
would like to know from the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs whathasbeen the
actual increase of the line of the Army since the
legislation of July last?
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. Thenewregiments
have been filling up rapidly during the last win-
ter. At all events, most of them have now two
full battalions in the field. The new cavalry regi-
ment has been full for a long time. I know that
the new regiments of infantry, which have been
recruiting in Missouri and Ohio, are now nearly
full.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand from an officer
connected with the Government that the sixth
regiment of cavalry is nearly full, and that the
fifth regiment of artillery is nearly full, but that
the nine regiments of infantry consist of only
about two thousand men.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. That is a mistake,
to my own knowledge. The regiment now in
Kentucky is nearly full. That of itself has nearly
two thousand men. One of the new regiments
consists of three battalions of eight hundred mon
each, or two thousand four hundred \n all. The
regiment in Ohio was nearly full before Congress
met. I have no doubt that many of the new in-
fantry regiments are now nearly full. As I have
said, they were recruited rapidly during the last
winter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I received my information
from General Van Yliet that there were now only
two thousand men in the nine new regiments of
infantry.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think that the gen-
tleman from Indiana is mistaken.
Mr. McPHERSON. If I recollect rightly, it
was stated in the debate on this bill m the Senate
that the force of the regular Army at this time is
about twenty thousand men. If all of the new
regiments were full,thewhole forcewould be be-
tween thirty-five and forty thousand men. My
friend is correct in regard to the cavalry and artil-
lery regiments. I believe that those regiments arc
full, but I think that the infantry regiments are
scarcely one third full.
Mr. 6LAIR, ofMissouri. If they are one third
full then they are as full as the ordinary regi-
ments of the regular Army, and would amount to
nine thousand men. The new regiments are com-
posed of three battalions, of eight hundred men
each, or two thousand four hundred in all. If,
then, they are one third full, they have now nearly
nine thousand m^n. The regiments which have
been recruited in Ohio and Missouri have, I know,
more than two full battalions each, and that alone
would make three thousand two hundred men.
The fourteenth regiment now in the field has more
than eleven hundred men. The twelfth has at
lr>ast that number. The others are more than one
third full. I am satisfied that during the winter
the new regiments, under the circumstances, were
recruited rapidly. I would not be surprised if the
newregimentsweretwo thirds full. Atallevents,
according to the admission of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, they have moie than nine thou-
sand men.
Mr. McPHERSON. I merely suggested that
as a probability. There is one conclusive point
on which I would like to have some information,
and that is whether the force of the regular Army
exceeds twenty thousand men. It was asserted
in the Senate, and not denied, that it did not ex-
ceed that number.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It maybe true, as-
the gentleman has stated, that this bill is for the
regular Army alone; but this bill provides for an
organization that will affect the volunteer force as
well as the regular force. It provides for a head
of the medical department of the Army. It-pro--
vides for an inspector general to be appointed
over the regular and volunteer forces alike. This
bill, if it creates an increase of the medical'corps
for the regular Army, also provides for the man-
agement of the medical staff of the Army, regu-
lar as well as volunteers. This is indispensable.
Many of the wounded at Fort Donelson had to
remain a week without any operation being per-
formed upon them at all. That was because there
was not a sufficient corps of surgeons. Physi-
cians had to be sent for to Cincinnati and St. Louis
and to portions of Indiana. Yet, then, there was
not enough to attend to all the wounded imme-
diately. As I have already stated, some of the
wounded remained a whole week without receiv-
ing any surgical attention. There is an absolute
necessity for an increase of the medical corps of
the Army.
Mr. McPHERSON. That may be a good rea-
son for increasing the number ef regimental sur-
geons and assistant surgeons and of brigade sur-
geons in the field; but I do not see the pertinency
of the statement to this bill. But I do not make
any objection to the first section of this bill. I
merely complain that the necessity for it has not
been asserted or demonstrated by the Surgeon
General's department, or some one representing
it. It seems to me that we ought to recollect that
the new regiments to which these twenty addi-
tional surgeons and assistant surgeons would bo
detailed, are not yet nearly filled, and that there
should not be more additional surgeons created
than are necessary.
My chief objections are to the substitute re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs for
the Senate bill. The substitute is precisely in the
shape in which the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate. After debate and careful examination in that
body, important and valuable amendments were
made, but the Committee 011 Military Affairs have
stricken out those amendments and submitted the
bill as reported to the Senate, and not as it came
fiom the Senate to us. I am opposed to the sub-
stitute, preferring substantially the Senate bill.
By the second section of the substitute now
pending, it is provided that the Surgeon General,
for whose appointment provision is made, shall
have the pay and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral. The medical corps now consists of one
surgeon general with the rank of colonel, forty
surgeons with the rank of major, twenty-eight
assistant surgeons with the rank of captain, atid
seventy-five assistant surgeons with the rank of
first lieutenant, besides the one hundred and
twenty brigade surgeons in the volunteer service.
I object to giving the head of so small a corps as
this the pay and emoluments of a brigadier gen-
eral. If you do that, then you will have to give
to the chief ofthe subsistence department, and the
chief of the pay department, the rank and pay
of a brigadier general, for the medical corps is
scarcely larger than the corps of the pay depart-
ment or the commissary department. If you
make this provision for the head of the medical
department, I do not see how we can refuse to
make the same provision for the heads of other
like bureaus. This will be establishing the pre-
cedent, or rather confirming a bad precedent pre-
viously set. We have already established a great
many unnecessary offices, ana when this war shall
be over, and we come to reorganizing the Army,
it will be our duty to repeal many features of the
legislation of the extra session of last July.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The head of the
engineer corps is a brigadier general, the head of
the quartermaster's department is a brigadier gen-
eral, and the head of the ordnance department is
a brigadier general.
Mr. McPHERSON. If the gentleman's argu-
ment is good for anything, it is good for more than
is provided in this bill. If the head of the medi-
cal corps ought to be made a brigadier general,
then the head of the pay bureau ought to be made
a brigadier general. So ought the heads of the
other bureaus. All ought to be put upon precisely
the same basis, unless we reverse our policy, and
