248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
capital, and it turns out now that he was not even !
skillful in the employment for which he received
this large sum. On the 6th of September last this
state of facts was brought to the attention of the
Secretary of the Navy by members of the other
House. He was told that under this arrangement,
which existed during his pleasure, his brother-in-
law was receiving from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States this large sum ot money. He did not
revoke the arrangement; he did not change it, as
he might have done at his pleasure; he did not
substitute a salary; but hecontinued thearrange-
ment up to the present session of Congress; and
it appears by the report of the committee that up
to the 1st of December last the amount received
by this agent was nearly one hundred thousand
dollars.
Now to say that this is a remarkable transaction
is not sufficient. I have nothing to say against
the Secretary of the Navy, because I do not know
him; he is a political friend of mine, and so far
as 1 know a personal friend. But how does the
question present itself to us? This power in-
trusted to the Secretary has been abused. There
is not a Senator here who will stand up and de-
fend it. It is not a transaction that is defensible.
Is there any doubt about the facts ? If there was,
I should notsay one word. If any Senator doubts
the truth of the statements I have made, there is
an end of the argument so far as I am concerned.
The facts are shown to us by the testimony of
Morgan himself; they are shown by an official
statement of the Secretary of the Navy to the
House committee; they arc not controverted or
denied; every Senator knows them to be true.
There is no need, I imagine, to produce formal
proofs before the Senate, as you would before a
juiy. There are no technicalities here. If the
honorable Senator from Maine had any doubt
about the truth of these allegations, I should not
say one word. If either of the Senators from the
State of Connecticut has any doubt about the
facts, there is an end of the argument on my part.
Nor does the question present itself to my mind
in the form in which the Senator from Maine pre-
sents it. It is not a question of censure; it is,
shall we intrusjt to tins same officer the power
to disburse ten* millions of money at his discre-
tion ?
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator will allow me
to say that the Senatorfrom New Hampshire put
it precisely on that ground of censure.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, I
am not now defending the speech of my honor-
able friend from New Hampshire; he can speak
for himself. With me it is a question, shall I in-
trust to this officer the discretionary right to expend
$10,000,000 at his pleasure, when he has shown
me in an important case that he did not exercise
the discretion we conferred on him at the last ses-
sion wisely? Now, I do not impute to the Sec-
retary of the Navy the desire to make money out
of it; but I say that lie has done what is very
wrong; and I can tell Senators that this very cir-
cumstance did more to affect the credit of this
Government in the city of New York the other
day than any other fact. I conversed with many
business men, with many leading men of the city
of New York about various matters, and they
constantly mentioned things of this kind. What
could we say? One gentleman said that he had
taken a largo amount of the loan, and that he had
some difficulty in paying the last installment,
amounting to £>10,000, and he flippantly remarked
that the whole of it went to his neighbor Morgan
for two weeks' work.
We cannot overlook these matters. It is just
as unpleasant for me to say anything unkind of
any political friend as of any one elbc; but I say
we must not overlook these things. We are in
the midst of a great war, which tasks the industry
and wealth of this country. We know very well
that we must cut off these sluice-ways. Wu aie
about to inaugurate a system of taxation that is
unknown in this country. We are about to im-
pose on our people a burden of taxes that no na-
tion but England has ever borne in the history of
the world, and we are about to test whether our
people can bear it or not. Now shall we, as Sen-
ators. although we are nearly all political friends
of the Secretary of the Navy, allow this trans-
action to pass unnoticed? Shall we now, in the
face of these facts admitted and proven, without
a word, without a murmur, intrust to this Secie-
tary of the Navy the disbursement of ten millions
of money?
I know that to strike out the words " the Sec-
retary of the Navy" and insert " the President"
in this bill does not amount, practically, to any-
thing, except that it is a matter of justice to us
that we should not allow a plain, patent, palpable
violation of the discretion reposed in this officer
to pass without a word of comment. As a mat-
ter of course, 1 do not now talk about a censure
on the Secretary of the Navy. I would not act
on that question until we had all the facts before
us, and until the Senators from Connecticut, and
every one else, had brought forward all the miti-
gating circumstances. The only question with
me is whether in this state of public affairs we
should intrust to this officer the disbursement of
a large sum of money, when it is admitted on all
hands that he has abused the discretion given to
him at the last session of Congress. In that view,
I am compelled to vote for this amendment, and
I believe the Senate will act wisely m adoptmgit;
and I think the Senator from Connecticut acted
injudiciously, to say the least of it, in raising the
question at all.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, I do not
agi ee with the Senator ft om Ohio that this amend-
ment is a matter of no consequence, for upon the
grounds upon which it is put it is a vote of censure
on the Secretary of the Navy; and a vote of cen-
sure by this body upon the Secretary of the Navy
is a vote for his removal. We all know, sir, that
this is not an immaterial vote; and what I under-
take to say is that it is not for us, the highest body
who try causes when impeachments are preferred
in the last resort by the House of Representatives
against the high officers of the Government for
any malfeasance in their office—it is not for us, the
highest body before whom those trials are to take
place, upon the mere hearsay or ex party investi-
gations of a committee of the other House, to pass
our judgment of condemnation against one of the
officers of the Government; and especially, Mr.
President, when it is avowed by the mover of the
proposition, the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, that he has no doubt whatever of
the perfect honesty and integrity of the officer.
Mr. President, this transaction is cither a mis-
take or it is a crime. If it is a mistake, an honest
mistake, it should not be the gtound of a vote of
censurq of this body; if it is a crime, something
more should be done than to strike out the name
of the Secretary of the Navy and insert the name
of the President in an appropriation bill for the
construction of these naval vessels. I do not un-
dertake to stand here to say what the facts are,
or what the facts are not;,but I will ask the hon-
orable Senator who is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, representing that com-
mittee in this body, if he has, since he has seen
this Van Wyck report, called on the Secretary of
the Navy for any explanation of these transac-
tions, or has any member of the committee called
upon the Secretary of the Navy for any explana-
tion of these alleged charges of malfeasance or mis-
take in office? Has there been any correspondence
on the part of our naval committee, I ask, with
the Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. SHERMAN. Shall I answer to the Sen-
ator?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, I would like
to have the answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. We were informed officially
by members of the other House, and we were
bound to believe it to be true, that communica-
tions did pass between the Navy Department and
a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs who
waited on the President, and spoke of this matter,
and the facts were admitted and understood to be
true. The chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs did wait on the President to inquire about
this matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desiru to know whether
our Committee on Naval Affairs have called upon
the Secretary of the Navy, whom the chairman
concedes, in his judgment, to be a perfectly up-
right and honest man, and asked him for a frank
explanation of this matter, before appearing here
to propose this vote of censure. I wish to know
from the chairman of the committee whether there
has been any call made upon the Secretary of the
Navy by the committee of this body for any
explanation ?
Mr. HALE. Do you want an answer?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly I do.
Mr. HALE. I have not called upon the Sec-
retary of the Navy. I did call upon the Presi-
dent, and laid these facts before him. The facts,
1 suppose 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is probably an an-
swer to the question.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When the Secretary of the
Navy, conceded by the chairman of our commit-
tee to be a perfectly honest man, who is the head
of a Department in the administration of this Gov-
ernment, has never been asked to make any ex-
planation of this alleged charge against him, is it
right for the Committee on Naval Affairs to come
into the Senate, and without any notice here to
spring upon us an amendment to this bill, which
is a vote of censure upon a man conceded to be
honest? I believe, by all who know him in all
sections of the United States, he is conceded to be
an honest man, if an honest man lives and breathes
at the present day in this nineteenth century. Is
it just? I ask, is it right? Mr. President, I can
tell you that we have more enemies to contend
against at this time than the secessionists in arms
against us, and the thieves who, animo furandi,
have designs upon your Treasury. Against the
secessionists we are at open war. I go with the
Senator from New Hampshire to make war on
all plunderers of the Treasury. I will vote for his
bill to protect the Treasury, I care not how strin-
gent it may he. I care not if he embraces within
it all contractors for Government supplies. He
may provide that they shall be put into a corps
and subjected to military law, tried by court-mar-
tial, and, if found guilty,shot or hung; and I will
go with him who goes the furthest to put an end
to this stealing from the Treasury; but I am not
prepared here at this time, upon this ex parte state-
ment, without any evidence, and without asking
for any explanation from the Secretary—conceded
by all to be an honest man, the able head of one
of the Departments of the Government—with this
amendment sprung upon me, to vote a censure on
that officer.
Mr. President, I said that we had more than
the secessionists and the thieves to contend with.
I tell you, sir, there are other considerations with
which we have to contend, which go very much
to disturb the credit of this country and of this
Government. It is this eternal habit of croaking
and complaining on the part of the pretended
friends of the Government, sometimes with some
reason, it may be, and sometimes without reason.
I agree in what the Senator said fhe other day,
that for almost twenty years he had beeti fighting
in a minority, and did not know how to fight with
the majority. I agree with him in that, and I
agree that the habit of mind which may grow
upon a man by constantly fighting in a minority
and always complaining of the Administration in
power may become so settled and fixed that he
cannot cast it off; and when his friends are in
power he will go on complaining of them just as
readily, and sometimes with as little reason, as
he could complain of his political adversary.
Do not understand me, Mr. President, as de-
siring to cover up any facts. If the Secretary of
the Navy has been guilty of malfeasance in office,
I am ready to condemn him, as I would any other
man; but I say it is no more than just that before
we vote a censure on him we at least give him
an opportunity to be heard, and call on him for
an explanation. If the Senator will introduce a
resolution calling on the Secretary of the Navy
to explain this transaction, that the case may come
before the Senate directly to be acted upon, I
shall not vote against it, but shall vote with him
and for it.
Now, sir, this amendment, if it passes this
body, is, m my judgment, such a vote of censure
on the Secretary of the Navy that he will be
called upon to resign that position; and it comes
precisely t© that—whether the body with whom
is intrusted the power of impeachment shall now
by this vote, in this way, mdircctly and on ex
parte testimony, when no explanation has been
asked from him, and he has not been heard, at
once condemn him as being guilty of malfeasance
in office, and, in fact, vote for his removal. Sir,
I am unwilling to do so.
Mr. HALE. I thought that I had obviated the
personal attack on myself when I confessed that
1 considered myself as humble as any member of
