2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Foot, Poster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
King, Lane or Kansas*. Morrill. Fomcrov, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Stark, Sumtier, TrumbuiJ, Waft'', Wilkinson, Wil-
mnt, and VV ^on of Massachusetts—24.
NAYS —Messrs'. Anthony. Clark, CoJIamer, Cowan,
DUon, Poollitle, Fci-cndcii, fjailan, Latham, Simmons,
Ten Eyck, and WiNoy—12.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 20, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Samuel D. Finckel, D. D., of "Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the call of committees for reports.
WILLIAM B. SNOWIIOOK AND OTHERS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of William
B. Snewhook and others; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. [ ask, also, unanimous
consent to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. BLAKE. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. When will it be in order
to introduce bills for reference?
The SPEAKER. Every alternate Monday.
BRIDGING THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post. Roads, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. It. No.
392) to establish certain post roads.
The bill, which was read, declares the bridge
partly constructed across the Ohio river at Steu-
benville. Ohio, abutting: on the Virginia shore of
the river, to be a lawful structure, under certain
restrictions mentioned therein.
Mr. BLAKE. This bill has been carefully
considered by our committee, and is a matter of
great commercial importance.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether this bridge, if built
according to the provision of the bill, will not ma-
terially interfere with the navigation of the Ohio
river ?
Mr. BLAKE. I am informed by those who
understand this matter better than'I do, that it
does not, and that, it was intended to prepare a bill
which would avoid ali difficulties of that kind.
The bill is unanimously recommended by the
Committee on the Post Oflicc and Post Roads. I
believe it has been carefully prepared and consid-
ered, and I know it is a matter of importance to
the commercial interests of the West. Unlesssome
one de.sires to discuss this matter, I will call the
previous question.
Mr. OL1N. I desire to make a few remarks
on this subject. 1 wish, before the bill passes,
several of Us provisions should be modified. The
bill is objectionable in my judgment in allowing
abridge to be constructed over a navigable stream
of the importance of the Ohio river, which will
obstruct its free navigation by sailing vessels and
steamers. I should desire to amend the bill m
several particulars, and they would all substan-
tially consist in making the structure come under
the safeguards and regulations applicable to the
Wheeling bridge. The question, as the House
probably very well know, was long litigated in the
courts of the United States, whether a bridge could
be permitted to be constructed across a navigable
stream like the Ohio river, which should substan-
tially interfere with the navigation of the stream.
That bridge was directed by a decree of the court
to be so altered that it should not substantially
interfere with the navigation; and it would be very
extraordinary, where the rights involved are of so
serious a character as these are, and where those
rights have been litigated and determined by the
highest courts of the land, that Congress should
now intervene and propose the erection of a bridge
which would annihilate all those ughta which
were supposed to have been secured by that liti-
gation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am perfectly well aware
that however great the interests involved, it is
pretty easy, if you can possibly combine the rail-
road interests of the country, to destroy any nav-
igable stream of the United States, whenever that
particular interest comcs in conflict with such rail-
road interests, for the reason that your railroads
are more or less an aggregate corporation, and
they can control the legislation of the country by
combinations, and it has almost come to that pass
already, that that interest has become so control-
ling that it controls the" Legislatures of many of
our States already; but it will soon control the
legislation of Congress itself.
Now every one who desires to navigate these
streams, has his private vessel, possibly, but it is
impossible to combine that amount of corporate
interest which shall control substantially the legis-
lation of the country, as can be done in relation
to railroad interests. Now, here is a modest meas-
ure, which authorizes this stream to be bridged
from the commencement of its navigable waters
to its mouth, thereby throwing across that river
the obstruction of a drawbridge, every mile, if ne-
cessary, for the convenience of a railroad. This
is done, although there is no necessity for it; be-
cause wherever it becomes necessary for a rail-
road to cross a river, it may either pass by a steam
ferry with the utmost facility, or it may span the
river by a bridge which shall not obstruct the navi-
gation of the river—a bridge like thatat Wheeling.
I know a superficial view of this question leads
some people to suppose that there are vabt inter-
ests involved in granting facilities for railroad
transportation. If it were so, those interests and
those rights are perfectly compatible with secur-
ing and maintaining the navigable rights of our
rivers. They need not at all conflict. But if those
rights were antagonistic, the House cevtainly
ought to know, every intelligent business man in
the country knows, that no system of railroads can
afford, so cheaply and extensively, the necessary
commercial facilities that your navigable rivers af-
ford. More commerce now floats upon the bosom
of our navigable rivers, and at less expense, than
is borne by all our railroads. That mode of trans-
portation is so vastly cheaper and so much more
important that these great rights ought never to be
hazarded wherever they are supposed to be an-
tagonistic to other interests.
The bill may be so amended as to authorize the
construction of a bridge in the same manner as
the Wheeling bridge is constructed. No gentle-
man pretends that there is any necessity for de-
parting from the mode adopted m this case, and
I can see no motive for the introduction of such
a bill unless it is for the benefit of railroad corpo-
rations.
Now, it will be seen at once that a bill of this
description is considered to be such an infringe-
ment of t.,e right of every person to the watcrsof
a navigable river, that such rights could only be
defeated by Congress assuming to control the
navigation of streams, and erect over them a bar-
rier by virtue of the power of Congress to regu-
late the navigation of this stream. We are called
upon now to exeicise a power which all the States
conjointly cannot exercise. The only way these
rights can be annihilated and destroyed is by in-
voking the power of Congress to regulate com-
merce, and by virtue of that power to annihilate
and strike down the rights the power was created
to protect. Ab! but Congress may establish post
roads—a post humbug! It is the sheerest device
ever got up. It is a mere pretense to invoke the
power of Congress, in establishmgapostroad, to
cross a navigable stteam,and thereby interfere
with the rights of navigation.
Now, why do you declare this bridge a post
road? It is to legalize the obstruction of com-
merce under the pretense of providing for the
transportation of the mails. Congress has the
right to establish post routes for that purpose, and
under that pretense to destroy a commeice of vast
impoitance, and without any necessity whatever;
because no man who defends this bill, or who will
vote for it, has persuaded himself that he is grant-
ing facilities for mail transportation. Then why,
upon such pretense, should you destroy such vast
interests? No man believes it.
I am sorry that the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads has lent itself to purposes of
this kind. If such a thing is necessary for the
commercial interests of the country, let the Com-
mittee on Commerce take the responsibility of
doing it. The pretense put forward is a false pre-
tense. It is untrue. The object is simply to
alFord railroad facilities. This is a commercial
measure, and not a postal measure; and I wish
that the Committee on Commerce would take the
responsibility of bringing it forward as acommer-
cial measure, if they think it proper, and let the
country so understand it.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 290) providing for the educa-
tion of colored children in the cities of Washing-
ton antf Georgetown, District of Columbia, and
for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 211) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
to lay and collect a water tax, and for other pur-
poses;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 73) relating to the
time of holding the second session of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Colorado; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 75) to confirm the opin-
ion of the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of
Thomas B. Graham.
BRIDGING TUB OHIO RIVER AGAIN.
Mr. OLIN. I was about to say that if this
measure can be successful, the principle involved
in it would be more disastrous to the commercial
interests in the country than any possible meas-
ure that could be brought before Congress. It is
a sanction for every scheme upon every occasion
wherever it is desirable for one of our railroads to
pass a navigable stream to call upon Congress to
declare it a post route, and enable that stream
thereby to be bridged. The bridge made across
the Mississippi at Rock Island Has been a con-
stant subject of controversy and litigation and
disaster, and always will be. Wherever such
bridges do span navigable streams of any consider-
able commercial importance, so as to force vessels
through a draw, it has been found necessary to
abandon almost all commercial intercourse above
those points where the stream is thus bridged.
So far from those places above the bridges retain-
ing theirconimercial consequence and importance,
they have not only not retained it, but they have
substantially suspended all commercial relations.
This is not only the history of all such projects
in this countiy, but it has been the same in every
other country. England furnishes vaiious illusti a-
tions of the same truth wherever bridges have been
thrown across her navigable streams, which are of
far less importance than our own.
Now, take the Ohio river. Its navigable facil-
ities and commercial importance are very little
compared with what they maybe in a few years,
for a few generations are but a few years in his-
tory. But look at its vast importance now. Great
as are the railroad facilities m the State of Ohio,
i venture to say that even the Ohio bears more
commeice upon its bosom than is transported over
all the railroads in the State; and in ycais to come
the disproportion will be vastly increased. Then,
too, transportation upon navigable streams is the
cheapest transportation in the world. Railroads
never can compete with it.
Now, sir, I have no particular interest in this
question, except so far as the principle sought to
be established by this bill is concerned. 1 shall
vote against it unless it shall be modified. I un-
derstood from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] the other day, that he had no objection
to its modification; but I hear nothing of any pro-
posed modification on this occasion.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is due to the gentleman
that 1 should say that, so far as the interests of
my own district are concerned, I had no objection,
as I stated to him, to the modification which he
proposed, for the reason that the piers have long
since been built for a solid structure at that point.
I am well assured and know the fact to be that
that company will build a bridge at the elevation
of the present bridge at Wheeling, which has
never obstructed the navigation of the river for a
single moment. The river is frozen up half the
year and dry the other.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Olin] yield to me for
a moment?
Mr. BLAKE. I believe I must now claim the
floor. 1 yielded it to the gentleman from New
York. But I desire to dispose of this hill dui mg
the morning hour, and I cannot consent that the
