1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
contract rather than expand. In my opinion, it
is our duty to retrench, especially as the pay and
emoluments of this Surgeon General are enough
at this time. Moreover, I object to this irregular
manner of reorganizing the Army, believing that
upon the disbandment of the volunteer force, we
will be better able to reorganize intelligently than
we can now with our imperfect knowedge of the
fitnessofmanymembersofthemedical corps. The
Senate having stricken out the provision making
the head of the bureau a brigadier general, also
struck out the provision giving the medical in-
spector the same pay as that of a colonel of cav-
alry, and inserted in lieu of it a provision that the
Assistant Surgeon General and the inspector gen-
eral of hospitals shall each have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a surgeon of ten years' ser-
vice; and that the medical inspectors shall cach
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of an assist-
ant surgeon of ten years' standing; which is 111
harmony with the present rule of payment.
There is another objectionable feature. It is
found in the fourth section, which limits the Pres-
ident, in his power of appointment of those offi-
cers, to the present medical corps of the regular
Army. It is provided by the bill that there shall
be added to the present medical corps not only ten
surgeons and ten assistant surgeons, but also an
assistant surgeon general, a medical inspector gen-
eral, and eight medical inspectors; and it is pro-
vided that all these shall be taken from the regular
medical corps of the Army, without regard to their
rank or service when so selected, thereby ex-
cluding from the presidential choice every mem-
ber of the medical corps of the volunteer army.
Now, Mr. Speakei, the gentleman from Mis-
souii [Mi. Blair] made the point that there were
very few men in the \oluntecr service who have
the necessary training to fit them for these posi-
tions. 1 do not propose, as I may not have the
necessary information to enable me to do so, to
draw a comparison between the two branches of
the service-
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman states
my position entirely too broadly. I meant meiely
that ihe long experience of these men in the regu-
lar Army, and their knowledge of regular service,
rendered them pecuhaily qualified for these po-
sitions.
Mr, McPHERSON. I probably misunderstood
thegemleman, and stated his position too broadly.
I did not understand him to say that no other per-
sons were competent, but that there were very few.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouu. I stated that they
had a large experience, and were, therefbi e, better
qualified than those who have no such experience.
Mr. McPHERSON. Well,sir,us to that point,
if you will examine the roll of surgeons in the
regular Army, you will find but thirteen who have
had an experience of over ten years in the service.
If you will examine the list of the medical officers
of the volunteer corps, you will find there many
of the most distinguished medical men in the
country—men of liberal education, and who have
devoted their time to the study of their profession,
not only in the hospitals of this country, but in
Europe also. Some of them are very distinguished
in their profession. I recollect that only a week
or two ago, the Senate confirmed the appointment,
as brigade surgeon, of one of the most accom-
plished gentlemen, who is in professional skill
scarcely inferior to any in or out of the Army.
Mr. Speaker, the objection I make to this pio-
vision is, that if there be any person in the medical
corps of the volunteer army, who, by previous
education, by previous training, or by particular
fitness, may be entitled to such positions and able
satisfactory to pciform the duties, the President
would be precluded from appointing them. This
discrimination is practically against the efficiency
of the service.
There is another feature of this bill which de-
serves attention. The Senate bill provides that its
terms shall apply only during the existence of the
present rebellion. If the bill lie passed as it comes
from the Committee on Military Affairs, the crea-
tion made under it will be a permanent one. Now,
if there be any relation between this increased
forceand the existence of this volunteer force, why
shall we provide that this increase shall continue
after our volunteer army shall be abandoned ? If
the bill be a necessary one—and I am bound, in
the absence of accurate information to the con-
trary, to suppose thai the general principles con-
tained in it are correct, and its general features
desirable—yet I have to hear the first good reason
assigned why we should make this a permanent
increase of the regular medical corps of the Army.
If it be assumed that an increased medical force
will be necessary for an increase of our regular
Army, which may be anticipated, it is but the
dictate 'of prudence to postpone that increase of
the corps until you have provided for an increase
of the regular Army itself.
Mr. I10LMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit me to inquire what is the
difference in the pay and perquisites of the Sur-
geon General, as provided by the original bill and
by the amendment of the committee. By the ori-
ginal bill he receives the pay of a surgeon of ten
years'standing; by the amendment the pay and
emoluments of a brigadier general. What is the
difference? What is the increase? By our sys-
tem of legislation it is almost impossible to tell
the pay of any given officer. A few days since
the military men on this floor differed hundreds
of dollars as to what was the pay of a chaplain
under the act of last Congress.
Mr. McPHERSON. I understand that the pay
of the Surgeon General, including subsistence, for-
age, and servants, is $2,740. He also has a com-
mutation for fuel and quarters, and the present
Surgeon General is entitled to a longevity ration.
It was asserted in the Senate, and I think cor-
rectly, that the present pay of the Surgeon General,
including this commutation, is $3,414. The pay
of a brigadier, as provided by the committee's
amendment to this bill, will be $3,954, exclusive
of what he will be entitled to on the score of com-
mutation for fuel and quarters. The latter item
varies with the circumstances of the case. The
commutation for these articles in this city for the
last year has been high, on account of the high
rates of rent and fuel. Brigadiers in the field of
course have no commutation for those articles, as
the Government furnishes them quarters in the
shape of tents, and fuel is cut upon the spot and
furnished by the quartermaster's department.
If the bill is passed in the shape in which it now
is, the Surgeon General will receive not less than
$1,000 a year more than he now does.
Mr. KELLOGG, of I llmois. I would inquire
of the gentleman how many new officers are cre-
ated by this bill ?
Mr. McPHERSON. Ten surgeons, ten assist-
ant surgeons, and twenty medical cadets, one As-
sistant Surgeon General, one medical inspector
general of hospitals, eight medical inspectors, and
as many hospital stewards as the Surgeon General
may consider necessai y, with increased rank and
pay to several of the present officers.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. These are all in
addition to the piesent force?
Mr. McPHERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The only object
seems to be an increase of the number of officers
under pay. I would suggest to gentlemen that
they had better put this bill through quick; for it
seems, from the accounts we are getting from the
West, that we shall soon, if General Halleck lives,
crush out this rebellion, and then it may be some-
what difficult to create all these new offices.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether he has hoard
from t!v  East also ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Not much lately.
" All quiet upon the Potomac."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
has not heard fiom Newbern.
Mr. McPHERSON. I have said about all I
desire upon this subject. I have endeavored to
obtain all the information I could in reference to
this matter, though I am sorry to say that it is
quite difficult to get correct information.
j The point I have endeavored to impress upon
the House is, that, under cover of the pretended
necessity growing out of our large Army in the
field, there is an attempt to procure a large in-
crease of the medical corps in the regular Army.
I am in favor of adding as many officers as may
be necessary to the efficiency of our regular Army.
I would be willing to vote for this bill as it stands,
if I could persuade myself that there was any ne-
cessity for it. If it is nccessary to pass this bill,
I think there are many features in it which ought
to be modified; and, at least, it should be brought
back to the shape m which it came to us from the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the House will indulge
me a few minutes I propose to speak to this bill,
and to offer an amendment relative to a subject,
with which I ought to be, if I am not, somewhat
practically acquainted. I hold, in one of the vol-
unteer regiments from my State, the Governor's
commission as surgeon, and I have been with the
Army since last April, except during the time this
House has been in session. I do not see any par-
ticular harm in this bill recommended by the mil-
itary committee, nor do I see any object in it
except to allow the President an opportunity to
reward favorites.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 353) to provide
for the appointment of clerks in the office of the
Assistant Treasurer at Boston, to fix their salaries,
and provide for the absence of the Assistant Treas-
urer, and for other purposes.
ARMY MEDICAL "DEPARTMENT AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be necessary to have
ten surgeons and ten assistant surgeons and ten
medical inspectors in addition to what we now
have, but instead of these men supplying any de-
ficiency in the medical corps, they will be pre-
cisely what the drum major is to the band of a
regiment, who marches before the band with his
baton, but never strikes the drum. These men are
not going to assist in dressing the wounds of the
wounded on the field of battle or anything of the
kind. They will be marching about from regi-
ment to legimcnt to see that the subordinate med-
ical officers do their duty. This may be all very
proper, but you have already in every brigade a
man precisely for that duty. Your biigade sur-
geons have nothing else to do but to see that the
regimental surgeons do their duty.
Now, that there may be among the volunteers
men in that capacity who arc not qualified is likely
enough, yet, so far as I know, all the surgeons in
the volunteer regiments from the several Slates
have passed the board of examination m those
States and been licensed, and those men, so far as
my experience goes, arc very competent men. I
have, from time to time, heard the medical officers
of the Army aspersed here and arraigned as dere-
lict in their duty, and I rose to say that there are
no officers of your Army who are more faithful
and competent than the medical officers.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founey,
its Secretary, requested the return to that body of
the bill (S. No. 3GG) authorizing the opening of
Sixth street west.
By unanimous consent, it was ordered that said
bill be returned to the Senate in accordance with
their request.
ARMY MEDICAL DEPARTMENT AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I aver here that you can-
not find an instance of an army of the same size
as the army of the Potomac, composed of raw and
inexperienced troops, where there has been less
mortality than there has been in that army during
the last three months.
I desire to say further, that under the present
law, any medical officer in our Army who does
his duty, is perfectly able to arrange his hospital
so that the comfortand care of the men, and their
chance to get well of disease, is greater than nine
tenths of them would have at home. I say, here,
upon my honor, that if I were to-day taken with a
fever, and it was possible for me to be transported
to my camp and put into the hospital there, I
would much rather go there than trust myself
here. Now, that after a great battle, like that at
Fort Donelson, the wounded should remain for
some day or two before they are attended to, and
that there should not be at hand all the comforts
and appliances needed for the sick, is inevitable
from the very condition of things. The fault is
not that of the surgeons, but of the olficeis of tiie
quartermaster's department, who have charge of
the transportation. But in any camp within this
army of the Potomac all that is necessary for the
comfort and welfare of the sick can be obtained
by the medical men on application to the purvey-
ors of medical supplies. We have one in New
i York and one in Philadelphia and one m Haiti-
! more and one here, and I suppose there are pur-
