1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3191
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will appeal to the favor and indulgence of the Sen-
ate, having given some consideration to this ques-
tion as Presiding Officer, to have the following
paper read as expressing the views of the Chair
on this question, not only as Presiding Officer,
but as a member of the body.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The subject of the formation of a quorum in
the Senate of the United States beingof vital im-
portance, demands a serious examination.
From the body which in many respects is the
prototype of the American Congress, the British
Parliament, no principle or practice can be drawn
upon the subject, both of its Houses appearing
to be governed by an arbitrary rule founded upon
despotic principle, for " the upper House may
proceed with business if only three Lords be pres-
ent; but the Commons require as many as forty,
including the Speaker, to enable it to sit."
These limited numbers have no reference either
to the numbers that have been, or may be elected,
or returned as members, and therefore bears no
analogy to the American principles or practice
upon this subject.
(The definition of the word " quorum," accord-
ing to Worcester, is, " such a number of an as-
sembly, committee, or other body of men, as is
sufficient to transact business, and give validity
to their acts." And according to Webster:" duo-
rum, with reference to a complete body of per-
sons, of whom those who are assembled are legally
sufficient to the business of the whole;" " a bench
of justices, or such a number of officers or mem-
bers as is competent by law or constitution to
transact business; as a quorum of the House of
Representatives—a constitutional quorum was not
present," &c.
There is no need, however, to have recourse to
the definitions of lexicographers, or the arbitrary
rules or practice of other legislative assemblies,
if there can be found m our own paramount and
fundamental law any provision or prescription
upon the subject.
We then turn to the Constitution, and find in
article one, section five, that—
<{ A majority of caeh [House] shall constitute a quorum.
to do business*, but a smaller number may adjourn, fiora day
to day, and may be authorized to compel the attendance of
absent members, m such manner and under such penalties
as each House may provide."
The expression," a majority of each House,"
renders it necessary to inquire whether the Con-
stitution defines what " each House" shall con-
sist of; and we find in section two of the first
article that—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
membeis chosen every second year by the people of the
several States," &e.
" Representatives and direct taxation shall be apportioned
amon^ the several States which may be included within
this Union, according to their respective number?," &c.
The numbei of Representatives shall not exceed one for
every tluity thousand, hut cach State shall have at least
one Rcpiesentativc, and until iuch enumeration [or census]
shall be made," &c.
Here the Constitution goes on to prescribe how
many Representatives each State, by name, shall
be entitled to choose, makmgin all sixty-five mem-
bers. This " House," therefore, would consist
of sixty-five members, when the States enumer-
ated should ratify the Constitution, and did, at its
first meeting, adopt and act upon thisprinciple by
proceeding, as recorded in its own Journal, with
" a quorum consisting of a majority of the whole
number," that number "being present." The
Constitution, therefore, is sufficiently plain and ex-
plicit as to the number of members the House of
Representatives shall be composed of, and declares
that a majority thereof shallconstitue a quorum to
do business; and a deviation from this paramount
law, by the House itself, in two or three instances,
only shows a violation of that law, which, in its
general practice is acknowledged by its own per-
vading declaration, as found upon its Journals, by
proceeding to business with " a quorum, consist-
ing of a majority of the whole number of the mem-
bers of the House, being present."
The next point in which we are immediately
concerned, is to inquire what the Constitution de-
clares in reference to the House to which we be-
long. . .
By the third section of the first article it ex-
pressly declares—
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators fiom each State,chosen by theLegfeUture thereof,
for six years, and each Senator shall have one vote."
And it particularly and expressly provides for
filling all vacancies that might happen by resig-
nation or otherwise in this body j* and the Consti-
tution also provides, in its fifth article " that no
State, without its consent, shall be deprived of its
equal suffrage in theSenate." These words could
not have been made more plain, to show how this
House, the Senate of the United States, is con-
stituted, or the number of members of which it is
" composed;" and no State in the Union can be
deprived of its equal representation in this body,
whenever it chooses or is in a condition to fill the
vacancies existing in the body.
To admit or declare a different state of things by
which the number of members of the body could
be constitutionally reduced, would be to admit or
declare that certain States are out of the Union;
but is there any power in this body or anywhere
else under the Constitution to destroy a State or
declare it out of the Union ? And if there is, would
its exercise not be an acknowledgment of the in-
dependence of such States, out of the Union, or
the destruction of all the attributes and framework
of those States forever, and their reduction to the
condition of common conquered territory, should
the power of the Government be able to effect that
object?
Fortunately, however, our noble and unparal-
leled Constitution solves this solemn and distract-
ing question by giving ample powers to the Gov-
ernment which sustains it, and by which it is
supported, to " suppress insurrection," however
extensive, with all the power and means of the
whole nation, and " the United States shall guar-
anty to every State in the Union a republican form
of government," and which can alone be done
within, and by keeping them within, the Union.
This constitutional course meditates a restora-
tion of all the States to their former accustomed
position, purged of treason and rebellion, and
standing on the platform of the Constitution, with
all th<?ir rights guarantied to them; and prominent
among those rights will be that of a full represent-
ation upon the floor of the Senate, by good and
loyal men chosen by those States themselves.
The twelfth amendment of the Constitution,
providing under a certain contingency for the elec-
tion of a Vice President, declares that—
"A quorum for the purpose shall consist of two thirds of
the whole number of Sonators; a majority of the whole
number shall be necessary to a choice."
This definition is very plain and cannot be mis-
taken; "the whole number of Senators" being
two for each State then m the Union,and the quo-
rum here referred to being two thirds of that whole
number. An election could not take place by a
majority of that quorum, but only by a majority
of the whole number of Senatois.
No other conclusion can be deduced from this
statement of facts than that the Senate—callcd a
" House" by the Constitution—means all the Sen-
ators to which all the States in the Union at the
time arc entitled to send to the Senate, and that
the quorum referred to in the Constitution is a
majority of that whole number. What regularity,
certainty, or safety would there be in any other
conclusion? Suppose, for instance, that the ex-
pression " whole number" meant the whole num-
ber elected and qualified. This would render the
formation of a quorum very uncertain, and the
number would have to be varied according to cir-
cumstances which would not be known at the time
to the Senate, and would leave it in doubt whether
a quorum was present or not. It is only neces-
sary to trace this idea to its natural and inevitable
conclusion to show its entire fallacy, it would
have no limit as to number, as the only rule would
be "the number of elected and qualified, members,"
and more or less of such class might be wanting.
Should this idea be correct, then what number
would form a quorum should one third of the Sen-
ators, whose terms expire every two years, not
be elected, and should several vacancies exist in
the other two classes? For instance, the whole
number now is sixty-eight; one third off would
reduce the number to forty-six, and the quorum
would *be twenty-four; but the uncertainty as to
the election and qualification of that third of the
Senators, and as to vacancies in the other classes,
would render it uncertain what would be at the
time a true quorum. How would the definition
of such a Senate or House stand the test of the
Constitution, which expressly declares that " the
Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from.each State," and that a quorum
shall be constituted of a majority of that House?
The general practice of both the Senate and
'House of Representatives (with very few and de-
tached exceptions, which should have no consid-
eration or value in view of the general practice)
confirm the conclusion that the House or the Senate,
as bodies, are composed or constituted of the whole
number of members to which the several States may
or shall be entitled to have in those bodies respectively.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Several pre-
cedents arc cited which will now bo read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Memoranda relative to the formation of a quorum in
the Senate.
March 4, 1789.—There being eleven States in
the Union entitled to send twenty-two members
to the Senate, of whom only twenty members had
been elected by the States—New York not having
elected them until the 15th of July, 1789—the Sen-
ate not having formed a quorum at the time ap-
pointed, continued to meet and adjourn from day
to day until 28th March, 1789, when eleven mem-
bers appeared, and although but twenty had been
elected as above stated, they were still considered
as less than a quorum. On the 6th April, 1789,
twelve members attended and were considered a
quorum.
January 4, 1790.—There being twelve States
entitled to twenty-four members, of whom twelve
appeared on 6th January; and were considered a
quorum. In this case all the members had been
elected by the States. But it is supposed that the
seat of one ofthe Senators ofVirgtnia (Mr. Gray-
son) had been vacatcd by his death, the date of
which is not stated, but his successor was ap-
pointed 31st March, 1790.
November3,1794.—There beingfourteenStates
entitled to twenty-eight members, of whom four-
teen attended on the 17th November, the Vice
President also being present—still not considered
a quorum—but on the 18th November another
member appeared and made a quorum.
November 13,1797.—There being sixteen States
entitled to thirty-two members, of whom sixteen
attended on the 2]st November, but were not con-
sidered a quorum.
December 3,1798.—There being sixteen States
entitled to thirty-two members, of whom fifteen
attended on the 5th December, but were not con-
sidered a quorum. On the 6th December seven-
teen attended and were considered a quorum.
November 17,1800.—There being sixteen States
entitled to thirty-two members, of whom fifteen
attended on 20th November; no quorum.
November 21.—Nineteen attended, and the
business proceeded.
Mr. SHERMAN. As these are a portion of
the remaiks of the Chair, I would ask the Chair
whether at that time there were any vacancies so
that the question could possibly arise. I found
most of those precedents, but I found also that
there were no vacancies. The first case mentioned
was such a ease.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In some of the
cases it was so, and there it is so noted.
Mr. SHERMAN. There were no vacancies
in some of the eases, and therefore there could have
been no departure from the rule I propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Where there
were vacancies, the fact is noted. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading.
The Secretary read, as follows:
December 6,1802.—There being sixteen States
entitled to thirty-two members, and no quorum
found until seventeen attended.
November 5, 1804.—There being seventeen
States entitled to thirty-four members, on that day
the Vice President and thirteen Senators appeared;
no quorum.
On the 6th November, seventeen members at-
tended, and although one ofthe members had just
resigned and his successor was not elected until
the 13th November, this number (seventeen) was
not considered a quorum, but on the 7th Novem-
ber eighteen members attended and were consid-
ered a quorum.
November2,1812.—There being eighteen States,
entitled to thirty-six members, of whom eighteen
attended on that day but were not considered a
quorum. In this case one of the Senators of Louis-
iana had resigned some time previous to the ses-
sion, and his place was not supplied until 1st
