1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
veyors also at Cincinnati and St. Louis. If not,
the Surgeon General has a right to create them.
Alt that if nec.esxiwy for the perfection and welfare
of the medical department is provided for under
the existing law, and really I can see no reason
whatever for adding these forty-eight officers, to
say nothing of the hospital stewards, and thusin-
crcHsmgtheexpenscsofthe Army. It will notadd
anything at aii to the practicable force of the medi-
cal department. None of these men will assist in
prescribing for the sick or attending upon the
wounded. I shall not vote against the bill; but I
desire to propose an amendment, if the bill is to
pass, to increase the pay of the hospital stewards.
Any gentleman who will look into the Army Reg-
ulations will see that the office is one which in-
volves responsibilities and requires qualifications
that would fit a man to he the colonel of a regi-
ment, and yet you propose to pay these men only
twenty-two dollars a month—the pay of a ser-
geant. I propose, therefore, to amend the bill so
as to give the hospital stewaids the pay of a
second lieutenant.
Mi. McPIIERSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion until I can offer some
amendments to the body of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. McPH ERSON. I move to amend the first
section of the substitute, by striking out the words
u the Surgeon General to be appointed under this
act shall have the rank, pfty, and emoluments of
a brigadier general." I move also to amend the
second section, in the sixth line, by striking out
the words "colonel of cavalry," and inserting
" surgeon of ten years' service."
The {SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that only one amendment can be pend-
ing at a time.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to add, at the end
of the se\enth line of the first section of the ori-
ginal bill, the words " the pay of a hospital stew-
ard to be the sumc as the pay of a second lieutenant
of infantry."
Mr. HOLM AN. Will the gentleman from New
York state what is the pay of a. hospital steward
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Twenty-two dollars a
month, and you require the same qualifications ns
you do of a medical cadet. I will, however, with-
draw my amendment for the present, and olier it
hereafter.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact that of all the
subjects connected with our Armysince the com-
mencement of this war, the most concern in the
public mind has beenaboutthismatterof thesur-
gcons of the Army and the health of the Army.
There is no other subject about which so much
has been said, which has excited so much of the
sympathy of our people, or which has touched
us so neatly as this question in regatd to the
health of our Army. We know that the sanitary
commission grew up spontaneously in an effort
on the part of our people to attend to the wants
of the Army, and I believe that it is the testimony
of all connected with the Army that that commis-
sion has been of very great service. They may
not have done everything in the best possible
manner; they may not have discharged all the du-
ties thoy attempted to discharge in precisely the
light way; but I believe that by supplying com-
forts to the soldiers in the field and in hospital,
that commission has rendered a great service to the
community, and an unspeakable service to our
soldiers. This is only one of the manifestations
of the deep concern and interest felt by our peo-
ple at large in this question in regard to the health
of the Army.
The Committee on Military Affairs have not
acted upon this matter with the promptitude with
which they have acted upon others, because they
found it surrounded by many and greater diffi-
culties. They could not make up their minds to
report any bill to the House, and ask the action
of the House upon jt without a grcatdcal of con-
sultation both with Army surgeons and with these
gentlemen who have made themselves acquainted
with the wants of the Army by thru- attendance
upon the sanitary commission. A majority of
the committee have finally, after giving all the at-
tention to the subject of which they were capable,
imported this substitute to the House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mc-
Pjilrson] says that our substitute is the same bill
that was originally reported to the Senate. It is
the same bill, and I suppose it was reported by
the Senate committee upon deliberate consulta- !
tion with those best acquainted with the wants of
the Army and the proper mode of supplying those
wants. But the gentleman says that the bill was
modified by the Senate after discussion. That is
true. It was so modified that the inspectors pro-
vided forin the bill areabsolutely degraded in rank.
The amendment made in the Senate requires the
surgeons who accept these inspector generalships
to take absolutely lower rank than they now oc-
cupy in the Army. It is promotion backwards.
I do not think that it could havebeen passed upon
by the Senate after due deliberation, and I do not
think that, even if it was, it deserves the enco-
mium passed upon it by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
1 think that the men who are made inspectors
general, and who are to exercisc authority over
the hospitals—the men on whom this great re-
sponsibility is placed—ought not to be promoted
downwards. They ought not to have a rank in-
ferior to the rank of the men whom they are sent
to control. That is against all the military rules
that 1 ever heard of. It is against all the rules of
good sense that I ever heard of. The Committee
on Military Affairs proposes to restore the bill to
the form in which it came from the Senate com-
mittee. We propose, instead of promoting down-
ward the men to be selected for the pcifbrmance
of the most responsible duties that can be devolved
on these surgeons, to promote them one step up-
ward—from the rank of major to that of lieutenant
colonel. It does not add new officers, for these men
are to be talcon from the present medical corps of
the Army. The only difference in expense is the
difference in the pay of eight officers between that
of major and that of lieutenant colonel. Under the
Senate bill, the surgeon appointed to the position
of inspector general would be reduced to the rank
of assistant surgeon. The amendment repoited
by the Committee on Militaiy Affairs is to pio-
mote him fiom a majority to a lieutenant col-
onelcy. That is the difference. The Surgeon Gen-
eral who now receives the pay and emoluments
of colonel of cavalry, would, instead, receive the
pay of brigadier general, without any longevity
j rations; because no general officer receives a lon-
| gevjty ration. With the longevity ration toasur- _
' geon of long .standing, his pay, with the rank of I
■ colonel of cavalry, would be pretty neaily the
| same as his pay as brigadier general. I do not
! believe that the difference in pay for these ten sur-
geons and len assistant surgeons would be more
than $2,000 a year above the present establish-
ment. It simply, as I said before, increases the
pay of eight officers from that of major to that of
lieutenant colonel, and incieases the pay of a Sur-
geon General from that of colonel nf cavalry, with
longevity rations, to that of brigadier general; m !
which there is no very great difference.
Now, sir, if there is anything in this clamor
that has been raised against the efficiency of the
medical corps—lfoui suldieis have been neglected,
[ as has been asserted, if there has been no care
i taken to prevent disease, if the resolution offered
! the other day by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Blakf] had any foundation in it, and if the tens
of thousands of letters of the same character that
come from all parts of the country are well
founded, we ought to take some steps to remedy
the defects m our present system.
Mr. BLAKE. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIvE. If this bill can accomplish the
objects which the Committee on Military Affairs
designs by it, it is one of the most importantbills
' that can be brought before the House. 1 have
I some knowledge of the matter from my own ex-
1 perience in the Army, and I know that what is
! said by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
| Sherman] about the army of the Potomac being
i well supplied with physicians, hospital stewaids,
j and all the aids of the medical department—while
I have no doubt that that is true of the army of
the Potomac, it is not true of the western army.
It is not tiue of the men who are in the field fight-
ing the battles of the country, and who have met
the enemy.
I In otder to show this, Mr. Speaker, I will send
to the Clerk's desk to have read, an extract from
I an article published in the Cincinnati limes, re-
citing some facta that have recently occurred in
the army of the west in relation to the very ques-
tion now under consideration. This army of the
Potomac, I have no doubt, has done all that, it
could do. But all that it has done has been sim-
ply to keep "all quiet on the Potomac.9> I do
not blame the soldiers for that; but the fact is that
they have not yet smelled gunpowder. When
they do, it may be found that they need more sur-
geons, more hospital stewards, and more of what
this bill provides for. I have letters frnmfalher6
and mothers of boys in our western army, be-
seeching me to have something done to save the
lives of their children. I have received letters,
written since the battle of Fort Donelson^ show-
ing that many have been absolutely murdered by
neglect. But let us hear the extract read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know who is the.
writer.
Mr. BLAKE. It is an editorial in the Cincin-
nati Times.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wanted to have some re-
sponsibility about it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Our own observation*, which have been extensive,jus-
tify the declaration, that in the western army, at least, a
large per cent, of the .surgeons are not practical operators,
and are almost wholly ignorant of the proper means of re-
moving ami savins a shattered limb. A medical director,
superintending the surgical dep.n tment of a whole division,
embracing sixteen regiments of inlantrj, one of cavalry,
and three battel ies of nrtilleiy, once infoimed us that he
dare not leave his povt when there was a prospect of action,
as among the thirtv -five or forty surgeons of the division,
but one beside himself was a practical operatoi. Imagine
this division in action, with hundreds, and, perhaps, thou-
°and<, of wounded, and two surgeons competent to dress
the wounds!
"Now many would die before relief came? We are per-
suaded that this i-5 not a single exception. Fort Donelson
was suriendeied on Sunday. On Monday the news was
received in Cincinnati. On Tuesday a steamer loaded with
hospital supplies, and volunteer surgeons and nurses, pro-
ceeded to the lort on an ei rand of mercy. Fully a week had
elapsed between tlie render of the fort and the arrival
of tbi> steamei, yet wounded soldieis were found iheie then
who hud not yetjxjcn the recipients, of &ui<rical attention.
These lacls, selected from thousand4, show that in the pres^
ent oiganization of the Army, both medical and surgical
attention are most shameful!} deficient.
u Again • no provision is made in anticipation of unusual
sickness or disability. The oidinary provision is a small
hospital tent, that will accommodate some forty peisous laid
clo-se togetbei, foi each regiment. Ileiu all manner of rases
inu<-t lie bide by side, and always m painful proximity.
When,a& i> always the case under severe exposure, forced
marches, oi a battie, these tenia become full, temporary hos-
pital- are fitted tip, sometimes in dwellings, sometimes in
bains, sometimes in stables. Should disease increase, the
next icsort is to the neai est large city, where buildings can
be piocured foi gieat numbers. To those the sick are trans-
poi ted.
'k In Western Vhginia, last fall, large numbers of patients,
many ailheted with typhoid fevei, were jolted twenty to
lorty miles over hard loads, then packed on small steamers
and (nought down the Kanawha and Ohio to Cincinnati,
br-foie they found rest. In the whole journey they were
not accompanied by a single physician ! The s>nme terrible
<-tate of thmss existed at one time in Kentucky. Camp
Nevin, so long occupied by our tioops, is bordcied with
soldieis5 graves. The deaths, at one time, were so numer-
ous that intei incnts weie oidered at mght, to prevent their
observation. At last a military hospital was established at
Louisville, and the log cabins and stables were relieved of
the sick ana dying. The ailheted soldiers bore a railroad
nde of some fifty miles, provoking delays and dangerous
exposuie at Louisville, much more successfully than they
did the awful hospitals at Nevin. On the same line, be-
tween thirty and fifty soldieis, afflicted generally with mea-
sles or typhoid fever, were conveyed to the railroad station
to be tiansported to Louisville. They were taken ftom the
ambulances, and laid upon the damp ground, wiapped in
their blankets. Tiuough some misunderstanding the train
left them. They lay iheie on theground,sulTeiiiig,groan-
ing, and .some ot them dung, fiom ten o'clock in the morn-
nig until ten o'clock at mght, before they received the at-
tention of their suigeons. ifasingle one of them recovered
it was a jimacle."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, I do not pre-
tend to have knowledge of the facts that have been
stated, and which have been pressed upon the at-
tention of the House and Senate, enforcing upon
us the necessity of making some change m this
medical staff. I say I do not know the facts to exist
as they have been stated; but I believe that there
must be some grounds for the number of com-
plaints made. And now I should like to know
from gentlemen who oppose this biii in what way
they would propose to increase, the efficiency of
this department ? If the complaint be that the de-
partment has not sufficient force, why ought we
not to supply it? The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. McPiierson] says that additional force
is not wanted.
Mr. McPIIERSON. I said we had no inform-
ation on the subject; that the Surgeon General had
