127-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
not sent us such a statement. I said that I was
not opposed to the bill, only to some of the details.
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman says
lie is not prepared to say that we do not need an
increase of the medical corps. What other mode
shall we take to increase the efficiency of that
corps? If neither he nor any other gentleman on
the floor will take the responsibility of saying that
this corps ought not to be increased, as the com-
mittee has recommended, I ask in what other man-
ner is its efficiency to be increased?
Mr. SHERMAN. Does this bill increase the
medical force of the Army?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I misunderstand it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The bill proposes
to add ten surgeons and ten assistant surgeons.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill reads that they are
to be taken for the present medical corps. They
are to be promoted, and the places from which
they arc to be promoted are to be left vacant.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. These inspectors are to be pro-
moted, as the gentleman will see if lie reads the
first section of the substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. These officers are to be pro-
moted and appointed. The President may, if he
choose, take them from the present corps of sur-
geons and assistants, if I understand the English
language.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman may
understand the English language, but he is not
reading from the substitute imported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affaiis. That, no doubt, ac-
counts for the gentleman's mistake. These officers
are to be promoted and appointed under existing
law. As a matter of course, the ten surgeons will
be prpmoted from the assistant surgeons. Then
there are ten assistant surgeons to be appointed.
That will leave twenty vacancies of assistant sur-
geons to be appointed from civil life.
Mr. EDWARDS. May I ask the gentleman
from Missouri one question?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missoun. Certainly.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to know if this bill
provides for the appointment of a Surgeon General?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, it does.
Mr. EDWARDS. In what section of the bill?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is in the third
and fourth sections of the bill, both of them.
Now, sir, I repeat that if there is no gentleman
upon this floor who will take upon himself the
responsibility of saying that we ought not to have
these additions to the medical corps of the Army,
after what has been said as to the inefficiency of
this branch of the seivice in proportion to the
wants of the Army, after what has been read by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Blakf.,] and after
what he has stated, and other gentlemen have
stated, upon the subject, I have to ask this further
question: 1 desire to know what further steps we
can take to increase the efficiency of the medical
corps of the Army?
It strikes me that the first measure to be taken
is, if possible, to get the ablest men into the corps,
then to furnish the requisite number for the wants
of the service, and provide for giving vigor to the
discharge of their duties. When we have done
that, it strikes me we have done nil that can be
done by the Congress of the United States for the
medical care of the Army, The Congress of the
United States cannot, of course, declare by law
that such or such man shall be appointed to such
an office, but we can give that power to the Pres-
ident, and give hnn, from which to make the selec-
tion, the whole medical corps of the Array. And
if gentlemen do not think that is broad enough,
let them give him the whole medical corps of the
volunteer army; and if that is not broad enough,
open to him the whole medical profession of the
country, and give him the widest choice. The
Committee on Military Affairs have thought it
just to the medical corps of the Army to confine
the selection to that corps. They have thought
that the office of Surgeon General, for instance, is
one which requires a great faculty of admimsUa-
tion, with a full knowledge of all the Army regu-
lations, and with a large experience gathered with
armies in the field—that such a man is required
foi this department. They are of the opinion that
you may take such a man as was described by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McPherson]
as ow of the most eminent physicians m Phila-
delphia; you may take the ablest physician in the
United States, and if he has had no experience in
administering a great department like this, he is
not qualified for this office, although he may know
all the diseases that exist among men, and may
be able to administer the most skillful remedies in
his practice in the cities of the country. The ad-
ministration of this bureau does not consist at all
in prescribing for sick men, but in presiding over
a great bureau, and one of the most important in
the country. It is that sort of experience which
we expect to find in the medical corps of the Army,
combined with great ability as surgeons and as
physicians; as great, probably, as can be found in
the best physicians who practice in our cities in
private life. The committee think that thesemen
can be best found in the regular Army as it exists;
but if the House differ with the committee in that
opinion, let them amend the bill so as to open the
widest field from which to make the selection.
That, sir, is what the Committee on Military
Affairs have done. They have believed that, in
order to add to the efficiency of this corps, and
obviate the complaints which have been made—
if there be any truth in the statements which have
been made in regard to the inefficiency of the med-
ical corps as it exists—the first step is probably
to add to the number of the corps; and then to
give vigor and efficiency to the corps, they have
deemed itimportantand essential that there should
be added another department, as it were, for the
prevention of disease, who are to have the care
of the sanitary condition of the Army. This de-
partment should have a place in our medical staff,
as it has, I believe, in the medical staff of all other
i civilized nations, and the necessity for which has
been, in some sort, filled during this rebellion by
the sanitary commission.
These are the grounds upon which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have acted in reference
to this bill. They have not thought it would add
to the efficiency of the medical corps to piomote
the surgeons of the Army back to assistant sur-
geons, as was virtually proposed by the gentleman
fromPennsylvania,[Mr.McPherson ] Norhave
they thought that we should be likely to get and
keep in the Army the best medical talent of the
country by denying to these men all opportunity
of promotion, when we have given to nearly every
other bureau in the Army an officer with the rank
of brigadier general to be placed at the head of it.
I say we have not thought it proper to make this,
one of the most important branches in the service,
an exception in this respect.
Mr. VAN YALKENBURGH. I see by this
bill thatthoseten surgeons,ten assistantsurgeons,
and the other officers named are to be appointed
and added to the medical corps of the Army—to
tho regular Army, I suppose. Now, I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs what benefit the volunteer force is to re-
ceive from these appointments? I understand that
the surgeons and assistant surgeons of the volun-
teer forces arc appointed from civil life, and are
not surgeons in the regular Army. I understand
the object of this bill to be to increase the medical
corps of the regular Army, as it existed when the
rebellion broke out. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri if that be not the object?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will tell the gen-
tleman from New York that these proposed ap-
pointments are just as much for the benefit of the
volunteer force as they are for the regular Army,
i They constitute a part of the staff corps of the
I Army, and the staff corps of the Awny do not con-
I fine their labors to the regular Army by any means.
I For instance, the Adjutant General of the United
j States is at the head of one staff corps of the Army,
I and he is made a brigadier general. Yetheattends
I to the organization not only of the regular Army
I but of the entire military forces in the field, and
: all the assistant adjutants general under him arc
| assigned, some of them to the regular, and others
j to the volunteer forces in the field. And the same
: thing is true of every staff corps of the Army.
! | The Quartermaster General is the Quartermaster
II General just as much of the volunteer forces as he
ij is of the tegular Aimy; so is the Paymaster Gen-
jj eral, and so arc ail the paymasters who are ap-
j pointed under lum. It is the business of all the
■; staff corps of the Army to provide for the wants
j | of the soldiers, not only of the regular Army, but
jj of the entire Army in the field. It is their busi-
j 1 ness to see that all the different forces'shall be
11 supplied with whatever is necessary.
Mr. VAN YALKENBURGH. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Missouri if he knows that
any surgeon or assistant surgeon in the regular
Army has been assigned to duty in any volunteer
regiment or brigade in the service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not happen
to know any such instance. 1 do know, however,
that in the hospitals where volunteer soldiers, as
well as regulars, are brought, these surgeons pro-
vide for them. I know also that the medical pur-
veyors, who belong to the regular Army, buy and
give out supplies to the volunteer regimental sur-
geons. The medical inspectors, too, go round
and inspect the camps and hospitals of the vol-
unteer as well as the regular forces. And upon
the battle-field, and everywhere else, these sur-
geons and other medical officers can be called upon
to do duty as well for the volunteer as the regular
forces. It is true that the volunteers have the
benefit of their regimental surgeons in addition.
But I repeat this medical corps is for the benefit of
the service wherever they are needed, for the vol-
unteer as well as the regular.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now propose the follow-
ing amendment to the bill:
Add, at tlie end of the first section, as follows:
And that the pay of all hospital stewards in the volunteer
as well as the regular service shall be forty-five dollars per
month, and one lation, to be paid from the passage of this
act.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not design
to detain the House by discussing the merits of
this bill. It has already been pretty fully dis-
cussed. I think, however, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Blake,] in the presentation of the
article which was read from the Cincinnati Times,
has done groat injustice to the surgeons of the
West. The charge is made there—if not directly,
indirectly—that in all the western army there are
but two surgeons who are competent to take care
of the wounded soldiers.
Mr. BLAKE. The editor of that paper says
that in one division of the Army there were but
two surgeons who were competent to dress a
wound or to set a broken leg. It does not apply
to all of the western surgeons.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am glad that"
the gentleman from Ohio has made that statement.
But that is not the spirit of the article of the paper
which the gentleman had read from the Clerk's
desk. It was a sweeping denunciation of the skill
and efficioiicy of the whole medical staff of the
West. It would make it appear that that was all
the medical skill there. 1 protest against any
such charges being read against the officers of the
Government m this House. I do not believe that
there is a surgeon in the army of the West who
is so incompetent as not to be able to set a broken
leg or to dress a wound, i wish to say that, in
my opinion, that article read from the Clerk's
desk was a scurrilous article upon a noble body
of surgeons. It is a defamation of the surgeons
of the volunteer army of the country, and ought
not to have been read in any deliberative body.
In my judgment it is a vile slander, without a
particle of foundation. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will know better hereafter than to sub-
mit such a slander to be read in this House.
Mr. BLAKE. I regret that I have not the good
taste, in this respect, of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. So do I.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 regret extremely that I have
not the good taste and modesty of the gentleman
fiom Illinois. I have received the rebuke which he
has given to me, and I have profited, I assure him,
by the lecture which he has read me. 1 am very
grateful to him for what ho has done. But I have
been at. a loss to perceive what could be found in
the article which I had read from the Clerk's desk
upon which the gentleman could base the remarks
he has just made. I have been unable to perceive,
and I doubt not other members have, anything
in that article which can justly be termed scur-
rilous. It merely detailed the facts which came
under the observation of the author of the article.
It detailed facts in regard to one portion of our
Army; and gentlemen who have mingled with the
Army know that they are too often too trup. I
did not look upon the article as a reflection upon
the surgeons of the West. If I had, 1 certainly
would not have presented it. But it is not any
reflection upon the western surgeons. I know
many of the surgeons in the Army. Many of
them are my personal friends, j know that they
