1862/
THB i ©O^iGEBSBIONAL GLOBE.
3193
State we have sixty-eight members, and they \are
the.Senate of the united States. There can be no
questionaboutthat. Everybody agrees thatsixty-
eight men, being properly elected by the thirty-
four States, are entitled to sit to-day in this body.
They compose the Senate. To repeat the words
of the Constitution, the Senate shall be composed
of these men.
Well, sir, does the Constitution provide for any
less number than those sixty-eight to transact
business here as a Senate ? Yes, sir; it does. It
s, in section five of article one—
" Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business."
"A majority ofeach;"that,as applicable to this
body, is a majority of the Senate. Now, what
is the Senate? The Senate consists of sixty-eight
members as I have just shown. A majority of
the Senate then is thirty-five men; they constitute
a quorum to do business, and less than thirty-five
men no more make this Senate than one man
makes it, unless we make a Senate outside of the
Constitution of the United States of America.
The proposition of the Senator from Ohio goes to
the extent, I think, of making a Senate out of two
members, for if but one State elects and sends its
two members here, they are the Senate un'der his
resolution. The Senator from Virginia, when he
took the case of two States, made the Senate twice
as large as the resolution of the Senator from Ohio
may make it, for that resolution does not require
two States to elect, but a majority of those who
have been elected and are entitled,in consequence
of their election, to seats. Therefore, if one State
elects its two members, and they come here, one
may be the Presiding Officer and the other may
make motions, and if he votes for them they are
passed, unless the Presiding Officer chooses to dif-
fer; and there being but one vote, he may make
a tie, and thus prevent the passage of laws. The
two members from the State of Rhode Island, or
the State of Connecticut, in that case, are just as
much the Senate under this resolution as any other
number less than thirty-live.
Mr. President, there is nothing in the Constitu-
tion, perhaps, which reflects lightupon this ques-
tion beyond the article in the amendments, which
was alluded to and very clearly stated in the
paper of the Presiding Officer that was read at the
desk, which defines the powers of the House of
Representatives and the mode in which they shall
proceed in electing a President, if the electors in the
electoral colleges fail to elect; and there the first
requisite is that there shall be two thirds of all the
States represented in the House of Representa-
tives. I read the words of the article:
" But in choosing the President the votes shall be taken
by States, the representation from each State having one
vote ; a quotum lor this purpose shall consist of a member
or members from two thirds of the States."
Now, the claim is that the word " quorum,"
elsewhere used in the Constitution, means the
number of persons who are actually elected to
seats, not the number by law entitled to sit; when
in the only part of the Constitution where the quo-
rum is defined, so that the specific number required
is pointed out, it requires two thirds of the States
to be present, and then " a majority of all the States
shall be necessary to a choice." When the House
of Representatives is in its capacity representing
States, a majority of States is required to be pres-
ent, and the election of President is the only in-
stance in which the House ofRepresentatives may
be considered as representing States. It is worthy
of remark that where the House of Representa-
tives is thus made the representative of States, the
express terms of the Constitution require that there
shall be a majority of the States necessary to make
a choice, and two thirds of all the States shall be
present by one or more members. Mr. President,
this body represents the States always, not once
as in the case of the House of Representatives, but
always. We are here as representatives of States.
That is our constitutional function.
Now, sir, can less than a majority of the States
be present here, and yet this body be the Senate?
No, sir; there must be a majority of the States
present, by their Senators, to make a Senate.
That is the case always, because doubling the
number of States, a numerical majority must, of
course, always be one more than exactly half the
number of States. It is mathematically true, in
all cases, that in order to make the constitutional
majority a quocum of the Senate, there must al-
ways be a msyority of the States present.
The Senator from Ohio, however, says that we
may be broken up; Senators may b.c absent or
sick; we are near the constitutional point; and if
members are away, we may be in difficulty, and
cannot go on. So in the House of Representa-
tives, if two thirds of the States do not appear
there when it becomes necessary to elect a Presi-
dent there, or if a majority of the States fail to
vote for a given individual for President, the Union
is gone, because there is nobody to be the Presi-
dent. I think that the Constitution throughout,
from the beginning to the end, recognizes the ne-
cessity of a representation from a majority of the
States; and when a majority of the States cease
to appear in Congress, the Union is gone. We
may as well look that fact in the face first as last.
If a majority of the States do not appear, the
Union has departed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Why should
that be so ?
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] expresses alarm that the ques-
tion shall be answered. It will not be answered
to satisfy him. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that it is so because the Constitu-
tion makes it so. It makes it so expressly where
the House of Representatives is called upon to
elect a President, which is certainly an import-
ant function, but no more important than many
other functions which fhey are called to perform.
When they arc called to perform that, the Consti-
tution requires that two thirds of the States shall
be present, each State shall have one vote, and a
majority of all the States shall be necessary to
make a choice. If that be so, when they define a
quorum literally in the Constitution, I ask how it
can be that it requires less than a majority to make
a quorum at any time? Why should it? When
a quorum is defined in one part of the instrument,
what right have we to say that less than the de-
fined number is a quorum anywhere else in the
instrument? It isa familiar principle,.applicable,
I believe, everywhere to all statutes and all docu-
ments, that wherever a term, either technical or
otherwise, is used, and that term in the instrument
is anywhere defined, it shall be taken to have the
same meaning when it is used elsewhere. Here
this provision requiring two thirds to be a quorum
in the House of Representatives in a certain case
is manifestly a departure from the general rule, it
ordinarily requiring simply a majority to make a
quorum; but in that case, in order that there shall
be more than a majority present, the Constitution
says that two thirds of the States shall be neces-
sary to make a quorum, and a majority of all the
States shall be necessary to make a choice.
Allusion was also made in the paper read at the
desk to the constitution of the British Parliament,
where the rules are arbitrary and not founded upon
any particular principle. Three members in the
House of Lords and forty in the House of Com-
mons are considered as a sufficient number in
order to proceed with business; but all the text
writers say that unless there had been such arbi-
trary rules adopted, it would require a majority
of the whole body to do business. A majority of
the whole six hundred and fifty-eight members of
the House of Commons would be necessary to
pass a bill, but for that rule. If the constitution
of the House of Commons had declared that a ma-
jority of the House should constitute a quorum
to do business, who would suppose that a quorum
meant the number that happened to be present, or
that happened to be elected, and be casually there ?
Where is there an instance in any State Legisla-
ture in this country, or any tribunal in the world,
where, when the constitution of the body speaks
of a quorum, it means anything less than a ma-
jority of those who arc entitled to sit in the body ?
I challenge the production of any precedent where
a quorum has been held to be less than a majority
of all those entitled to sit in the body, be it legis-
lative or judicial, public or private.
Mr. SUMNER. Massachusetts is an excep-
tion to that rule.
Mr. FOSTER. There are reasons for that; the
constitution of that State varies from the Consti-
tution of the United Slates.
Mr. SUMNER. The constitution fixes a quo-
rum at sixty.
Mr. FOSTER. And so, of course, the consti-
tution takes the question of a quorum out of the
hands of the body. Grentlemen should understand
measalludingto cases where the word " quorum"
was subject to general definition and had not been
defined m the constitution of the body that was
organized under it, because, if so defined, that con-
stitutes no exception. Massachusetts is no ex-
ception, because the Senator admits that the con-
stitution of the State fixes the number which may
do business. What I say is, that where under
any instrument a certain number of persons have
a right to sit in a body, whether a legislative, ju-
dicial, or other body, a quorum of that body isa
majority of all those entitled to sit, and so itmust
be, or we have no rule which will be other than
vague, uncertain, and unknown from day to day.
For instance, a Senator from the far-off State
of Oregon resigns his seat to-day. That affects
the quorum of the body in the view of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and one less may be necessary
after that to make a quorum. How long will the
requisite number continue to be one less, after that
resignation? It will continue so until the place of
the Senator thus resigning has been filled by com-
petent authority. Then we shall require one more
member here. How shall we know ? If the Sen-
ator from Oregon resigns his seat to-day, the Gov-
ernor will have power to appoint, if the Legisla-
ture be not in session, until the Legislature shall
next sit. How shall we know when that Gov-
ernor makes the appointment? We cannotknow
it until sometime after, perhaps weeks after the
appointment is made. In the mean time thf ques-
tion of quorum here depends on one; and not rec-
ognizing the fact that the vacancy has been filled,
not counting the newappointment, we pass alaw,
when if we counted the new appointment it would
require one more for a quorum, and our majority
being short the bill which we passed would not
be a law. The quorum would fluctuate from day
to day in that manner.
Can it bo that under these circumstances there
is no legal mode of determining what our quorum
is? That is the result of the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio. The suggestion which I have
just made is not a fanciful idea. The Senators
from California and Oregon are so far off that if
they should resign, or, in the course of Providence
they should die, it would be weeks before we could
know whether their seats were filled or not, and it
would probably be weeks after they were filled
before we knew the fact; and in the mean time,
when the question is, what is a quorum of the
body, it is past finite wisdom to tell, on the prin-
ciple of the Senator from Ohio. He would not un-
dertake to tell; nobody could tell. The business
of the Senate must be suspended until we hear from
those States; or if we think proper to go on, we
pass bills subject to be considered nullities if the
appointments have been filled, but which may turn
out to be valid laws if the appointments have not
been filled. It is thus a matter of entire uncer-
tainty whether a bill that we pass is a law or no
law at all. To just that result this doctrine leads.
Now, I say a rule so perfectly uncertain and
vague as that, is not a rule fit to be considered a
rule in a legislative body. What is a rule ? Some-
thing fixed, definite, positive, something that,
when applied to a state of facts, determines and
answers the interrogations made, something, as
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] suggests,
that is certain; but this, in cvery-day practice,
would be as uncertain, as vague, as indefinite as
though we had no rule at all; wo. would be left to
conjecture what our quoi um was.
I am in favor, Mr. President, of standing by
the rule, certainly one under which we have lived
for many years, certainly one which, during the
legislative proceedings of this session, has occa-
sioned us less difficulty than at any other session
as long as this since I have been a member of the
body. We have been compelled to adjourn less
frequently for want of a quorum, and we have
been delayed less for want of a quorum during this
session than at any session of this body for seven
years; and I repeat that there will be no difficulty
and no inconvenience now if we take up the busi-
ness legitimately before us, and do not talk each
otherand the subject also to death before we vote
upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays. I trust my friend will allow me a few
moments to reply.
