252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to be done by that portion of this bill from the
tenth to the fifteenth line in the third section:
Public documents, during the recess, may be sent from
Washington to each member of Congress at his residence,
for distribution, without payment of postage ; but when
mailed bv him, postogo shall be collected on Uiem fiom the
recipients, at the same rate as if mailed at Washington city.
Before the gentleman answers that question, I
should like to make a remark. 1 think myself
that one of the greatest evils connected with the
frankmgprivilege, and connected with the service
of members here, is the fact that, in one way or
other, while one hundred thousand people are
entitled to the member's undivided time and ser-
vice here, a few persons manage to employ, in the
transaction of their private affairs, a large part of
the time which belongs to the whole constituency.
That is5 I believe, a very great evil; and, like
every gentleman in the House, I should like to
vote for some bill that will strike at it in some de-
gree. We are callcd upon every day, through the
mails, to look up for a great number of individ-
uals all the books they want, accessible or pur-
chasable, which may enter into a private library.
Here is a gentleman who mentions at this moment
that he has an older for a copy of the trial of
Sickles, an order which I hope he will not fill, and
which 1 think ought not to be distributed under the
franking privilege.
But I was going on to say that an enormous
amount of labor is performed and time spent in
this way which is drawn from the time which
ought to be devoted to public business—to the
business of the constituency, and not to the busi-
ness of the constituents as individuals. 1 submit
to my friend that the effect of the provision to
which I have called his attention will be to bur-
don the mails with gratuitous transportation of
these books sent, not sent by members here, but
coming to the members at their homes during the
vacation; and then to impose upon them the enor-
mous inconvenience of distributing quantities of
books in some way without the employment of
the mails, so that the public carriage will be bur-
denedas much as it is now,and wjth-outany com-
pensation. We will then become colporteurs vir-
tually for the distnbutton, not of religious tracts,
but of seeds, a great many of which will m-ver
comc up, and of books, a great many of which
will never be read. My friend here [Mr. Sedg-
wick] proposes an amendment, which T accept—
all of which will never be read, and none of which
will ever come up; if it docs not include seeds,
as Mr. Colfax stated to me just now, I will strike
that out.
I will promise the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to vote for his
bill—striking out the second scction, which is
worse than surplusage, and that part to which I
havo colled his attention. I cannot doubt that the
effect of the bill, as it stands, will be to leave the
burden of gratuitous carnage just as great as it
is now, just as barren of compensation to the De-
partment, and to impose upon me, and every other
gentleman in this House, the burden of distrib-
uting with his own hands, lumbering up his own
office and ins own house in giving storage to
quantities of bulky public documents.
Mr. COLFAX, i will answei the long ques-
tion asked mo by the gentleman from New York.
The objection that h^ makes to the third section
shows that the committee have endeavored to an-
ticipate an objection which might be made in the
House m reference to these public documents.
They are, very many of them, not printed until
after the adjournment of Congress, and then the
question ausesas to the manner in which they
shall be distributed. I confess any member here,
like my friend who repiesents only one county—
the county of Oneida—and lives in the ceiitei of it,
could very well act as a colporteur, and go around
and distribute these books to his constituents.
But that cannot be done m the large districts of the
West, embracing several and often more counties,
such as tjie districts of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota, and even in some
of the districts of New York and Pennsylvania,
Certainly the postage on these documents ought
not to be paid twice; and we have provided, there-
fore, that the documents piintcd after the adjourn-
ment of Congress, and during the recess, may be
sent, if desired, to the membeis at their homes,
just as they are now, and be hy them distributed,
the recipients of the documents paying one post-
age, just as they would in case they had been
mailed to them direct from Washington. That
is the explanation I have to make in response to
the gentleman's question. It does not refer to
seeds, but only includes documents.
The gentleman says that he is in favor of strik-
ing out the second section of the bill. If that be
stricken out, we shall then have to prepay all of
our postage on the business of our constituents.
I am ready for that, if the members of the House
arc. If they strike out the scction referred to, then
I trust that members will go with me to pass the
bill as it will remain, abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, and requiring us all to prepay.
Mr. ROSCOE C'ONKLING. I want to ask a
question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ 1 object to one
member holding the door and yielding it for half a
dozen other members to speak.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I only want to
ask a question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not object to
the gentleman asking a question, if he will not
occupy too much time. We will after a while
have the previous question moved, and all general
debate cut off. I do not desire to be discourteous.
Mr. DUELL. I have the floor, and I move the
following as a substitute for the pending bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That all acts and parts of acts gianting and conferring
upon any peison or persons whomsoever the right or privi-
lege to fcceivo or uansnut through the mailo of the United
States., fiee of postage, letters, packets, newspapers, period-
icals, book^, or any other mailable matter, printed or written,
be, and ihe huuie aie hereby, abrogated and repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all letter0, pack-
et^, newspaper-, periodicals, public documents, arid books,
printed hy Older of either Ilou^e of Congre^, and all "tiler
mailable matter sent from or duectod to any membei of
eithei Housi of Oon2i0s:?,-Nr lo the Secretary of the Senate
or Cleik of the House of Representatives, ^hall be prepaid
befoie their deftveiy at any post othce tor tiaiitmi^ion in
tue mails.
See '3. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General, the Assistant Postmasteis Geneial, the chief clerk
ot the Post Oflh o Department, the Auditor of the Treasury
t'oi the Pest Office Department, and the chief cleik of the
said Auditoi, be, and tliey aic hereby, authorized to receive
and semi nee in the mails all letters and packets and other
mailable matter relating exclusively to the business of the
I'o^t Olliee Depru ttnent; and they shall in cvciy case in-
dole e\eiy letter oi package m> to be sent free, over their
own -.ii,'ii«tuue-, ihe uouK '-otlieial laziness.And the
seveial [)i)~.tin.i-teis shall be, and they aie hereby, author-
ized to send thiough the mail-, fiee of postage, all letters
and packages which it shall be then duty to nan-unit, and
which -shall relate exclusively to the business of the Poj-t
Ofhce Department; but in every case the postmaster send-
ing any nuch lettei ov package shall indorse thereon, over
hi-, own signature, the woids 4v post office business." And
for any and every such indorsement falsely made the poison
making the same shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500, to
be i ecovered by an action of debt, in the name of the United
States.
See. 4. And be it further enacted, That publishers of
newspapers and periodicals may send to each other, from
il :u respective offices of publication, free of postage, one
eopv of each publication ; and may also send to each actual
subsenher within the county where their papers aie printed
and published one copy thereof fiee of postage.
Sue. 5. And he it J lather cnaUed, That all acts and parts
of acts regulating or relating to the tiansim&sion of lice
matter thiough the mails in conflict with this act are hereby
repealed.
Srr. 6, And be it fuithcr enactcd, That this act shall take
effect ftom and after the 1st day of April, 1882.
Mr. GOOCII. Let me put a question to the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. What is the reason for this clause:
For any distance exceeding two thousand nnies, double
thou rates. bh.Ui be charged and collected on limited matter
lhus sent.
What good reason can be given for that? Men
who happen to live more than two thousand miles
from this capital, under that clause will have to
pay twice as much for the documents printed by
Congress as those who happen to live nearer. The
man who has the misfortune to live more than two
thousand miles from here will have to pay to learn '
the views of Confess double that paid by those !
who live within two thousand miles. |
Mr. COLFAX. It is a great misfortune to live i
far from this city, except in the case of a member '
of Congress, who obtains additional mileage there- \
by. I will answer the gentleman's question m
tins way: when the present postage was adopted
it was provided that for all distances under three
thousand miles it should be three cents, and for
over that, ten cents. At the last Congress, when
we adopted the daily overland mail to California,
costing the sum of a million of dollars per year,
the distance to the Pacific coast was made less
than three thousand miles, and the postage would
have only been three cents; but it was provided,
in consideration of the heavy outlay by the Gov-
ernment, that the postage for all places west of the
Rocky mountains should be ten cents. This met
the assent of gentlemen from the Pacific coast, be-
cause they knew very well that the cost of supply-
ing them with mails was a million a year, and that
the revenue derived, even at ten cents a letter, did
not amount to half a million of dollars. For the
same reason, the Representatives from the Pacific
consented last year that double postage should be
charged on books, bound or unbound, seeds,
cuttings, and all that kind of thing, going to the
Pacific coast, on account of the expense of the
transmission of the mails there. The same rea-
sons governed the action of the committee in this
case.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 26) explanatory of
an act entitled " An act to increase the duties on
tea, coffee, and sugar," approved December 24,
1861.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE—AGAIN.
Mr. GOOCH. It seems to me that the reason
which the gentleman from Indiana gives for in-
creasing the postage on letters between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific coasts does not apply to documents
which are printed by this House and sent out. In
the case of letters the tax is equal; the man who
lives upon the Atlantic shore and wishes to send
a letter to the Pacific pays the increased postage,
as well as the man who lives upon the Pacific
shore and desires to send letters to the Atlantic
coast. Therefore, I see no objection to that. It
may be reasonable and right; it is not a tax upon
the people living more than two thousand miles
from the capital any moie than it is a tax upon
people living within two thousand miles of the
capital; but this is a tax exclusively upon people
living more than two thousand miles from the cap-
ital, and gives to the people who live within that
distance an advantage which it does not give to
the people who live beyond that distance; or, in
other words, they are taxed double the amount
for matter printed by this Congress that the peo-
ple are who live within two thousand miles of the
capital.
Mr. COLFAX. If it is right that the letter post-
age to the Pacific should be three and one third
times what the postage is to the Atlantic coast, it
would not be unreasonable to charge double post-
age on printed books, for even then it would not
be a remunerative rate.
I wish to say, further, that I find, upon exam-
ination, that the bill of my friend from New York
[Mr. Djjell] abolishes the franking privilege for
ourselves, and leaves it to the Departments in this
city. I do not like that feature of his bill.
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Speaker, the present con-
dition of the Post Office Department and its rev-
enues is a matter deserving the gravest consider-
ation of the Representatives of the people. In
1790, when the Post Office Department went into
operation, it was a self-supporting establishment.
From that time down to Idol, a period of sixty-
one years, the Department had moie than sus-
tained itself; but since 1851 there has continued
to be an excess of expenses over the revenue in
each and every year.
From a report recently made by the Postmaster
General, I compile the following table of receipts
and losses of the postal service since 1850:
Totals- Excess of
enph. revenue. 'x^~
49.1,149 £280,967
112,62-1
£2.098,G7J
2.568.382
2,o72,822
3,814,960
4,o.i7.Sll
5.369.501
7,78.x609
o.6G6,705
The losses exhibited by this table, since 1851,
nre most extraordinary, beginning at over two
millions in the first year, and rising to nearly eight
millions in 1859. The expenses of the Department
in 1859 were double the receipts,and yet the rev-
enue in that year was upwards of one million
more than in 1851, when the service paid a profit
to the Government.
What would a prudent man do under like cir-
cumstances in the management of his private af-
Fiscal year ending
June 'jo—
1830  
18jl  6,104 373
1S">3  5,Ult3:039
I3j3  5,084.561
lg">4  6,0=28,734
185.3  b,384,795
1856  0.6.34,434
1,-57  7,101,712
1658  7.214.735
16.39   7,679,053
1660   8,518,067
