3194
TH1 CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9;
Mr. GRIMES. A dozen gentlemen here waftt
to speak, and we shall take up the whole day in-
stead of going on and transacting business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is very import-
ant to have this question settled. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 18; as follows:
YJ3AS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlile, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Kennedy,
McDougall, Powell, Saulsbury, Stark, Ten Eyek, Wil-
icy, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson or Missouri, and
Wright—i9.
NAYS—Messrs. Collamer, Fessenden, Hale, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilmot—18.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. KENNEDY presented-a memorial of the
Merchants' Exchange Company of Baltimore,
Maryland, praying that their claim for loss of
rents on their building sold to the Government
for a post office, and for repairs upon said build-
ing, may be referred to an officer of the Treasury
Department for adjustment; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
UEPOItT PROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
'.he bill (S. No. 376) to allow and pay to the State
of Mi&ou-ri the amount of money expended by
aaid State in the arming and paying of troops em-
ployed in tile suppression of insurrection against
the United States, reported it with an amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 387) to
declare another punishment for the crimc of trea-
son against the United States, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
GRADES OF NAVAL OmCERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the day is the bill (H.R. No. 280) to es-
tablish and equalize the grades of line officers of
the United States Navy. The question before the
Senate is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Poster,] which will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is to
strike out all of the ninth section after the enact-
ing clause, in the following words:
That whenever, upon the recommendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, any offieei of the Navy not below
the grade of commander has received, or shall receive, by
name,dining the [indent war,.t voteof ilmnksof Congress
for dlfiUngin-hed service, Mich officer shall not lie retired
un III he li.is been fifty-live years in the naval service of the
United Slates.
And lo insert in lieu thereof the following:
The President of the United States, hy and witli the, ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, may restore to the grade on
tlio active li-t from which he was retired, any officer of 1i10
line who has been thus retired on account of age or length
of service, and not for any personal or professional inabil-
ity or delinquency, to tile active list; and such officer shall
nol be again retired until lie has been fifty-five years in the
naval service of the United States.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to state to the Sen-
ate the difference between the proposition of the
committee and-the proposition of the Senator from
Connecticut, and then I shall leave it.
The bill as reported by the committee, gives to
the President the power, whenever be sees any
officer who has distinguished himself enough to
receive a vote of thanks, to recommend such a vote,
and if Congress grant it, that lengthens his term
of service on the active list ten years; but the prop-
osition of the Senator from Connecticut simply
makes that, instead of being a power which the
President may exercise for distinguished service,
a power that he may arbitrarily exercise at his
mere whimand caprice, without any reason. The
committee confine it to those who have distin-
guished themselves so as to receive the thanks of
Congress; and I will repeat what I said last night,
when there was a thin Senate, that I think it of
vast moment that rights, personal rights, official
rights, should be measured by law where they can
be, and not left to the arbitrary discretion of any-
body.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire would confine himself to a fair construc-
tion and explanation of the meaning of the section
reported by the committee and show its superi-
ority over the one presented by me, he would do,
I think, better than to attack the amendment which
I offered and charge upon it that which it seems
to me it is not chargeable with. 1 have just as
good a right to say that the President on mere
whim or caprice will send an officer's name to
this body for brilliant service and ask us to give"
him a vote of thanks, and that the Senate from
mere whim and caprice will give it, as he has to
say that the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, will put a man back upon
the active list who docs not deserve to be put back.
Whim and caprice are just as likely to govern the
same tribunal in the one case as in the other. The
tribunal is the same; and if whim and caprice are
their ruling passions, it does not become the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to say that when they
act upon a proposition submitted by him, they
will use judgment and discretion, and use their
whim and caprice when they act on a proposition
submitted by somebody else.
The Senator proposes to allow the President to
send men hero for votes of thanks for brilliant ser-
vice. Very well, that is very right and proper;
but there may be men in the naval service whom
the President might not think and whom we might
not think were entitled to a vote of thanks for
brilliant service; that ordinarily refers to gallant
service in action in time of war or public danger,
and we might not think that certain men were en-
titled to votes of thanks for that class of service
who were equally meritorious, and who were
equally useful, permit mo to add, and as essential
in the public service as though theyhad performed
brilliant service, for it is not in all cases the bril-
liant service of fighting a battle either afloat or
ashore that constitutes distinction in an officerand
distinction that ought to be rewarded. There is
a great amount of labor that is not performed be-
fore the public eye, not dazzling, not brilliant, that
is entitled to consideration; and if it docs not re-
ceive it, injustice will be done. It is for that class
of officers that this amendment is intended, and
where men under these circumstances are entitled
to the grateful remembrance of their country, it
gives the President power, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to continue them in ser-
vice, and I think there is no danger in giving the
power to the President and the Senate.
Mr. HALE. A single word. Everybody who
has been in executive session knows that when a
nomination is sent in a majority of the Senate,
and a large majority—1 am not of that number;
I never agreed to it—say "the President having
nominated him, we will not inquire as to the pro-
priety of that nomination." The President hav-
ing the power of nomination, and having selected
a man, they will not question it, although they
would not have selected him in the first place;
they are not at liberty to reject him.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does not the gentleman
allude to some remark of mine? That is not the
view of it. The view taken of it is that when the
President has made a nomination we will not in-
quire into the cause of the removal of another per-
son, but always inquire into the propriety of the
nomination and suitableness of the candidate him-
self. *
Mr. HALE. I did not refer particularly to the
Senator from Vermont; but I think I have heard
the Senator from Vermont say that with the nom-
ination we had nothing to do.
Mr. COLLAMER. I never said so. I said
with the removal wc had nothing to do; but we
have to do with the propriety of advising that this
man be appointed as a suitable man.
Mr. HALE. I think I have heard the Senator
from Vermont state—and I think 1 cannot be mis-
taken about it—that the power of nomination be-
longed to the President,and we had nothing to do
with it; and if the President selected one man, if
he was a fit man, although we might think there
were a great many better men whom he might
have nominated, we have nothing to do with it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Your statement in the be-
ginning was that we had nothing to do with the
suitableness of the man nominated,
Mr. HALE. No , we have nothing to do with
the nomination.
Mr. COLLAMER. But we have with the
appointment.
Mr. HALE. If the President nominated a man,
although the Senate might believe there were a hun-
dred others who had better have been nominated
than that man, yet as the President has the power
of nomination, and has nominated him 
Mr. COLLAMER. And he is a suitable man.
Mr. HALE. And he is a suitable man, we
must confirm him, though we may think theieare
a hundred men more suitable that he has not nom-
inated, the result of which is, that in nine cases out
often the nomination does succeed, and we prac-
tically, in my judgment—though I do not mean to
lecture the Senate—forget that the form m which
the question is proposed is not, will the Senate con-
sent, but will they advise and consent.
The bill as framed has not been carelessly pre-
pared, for it was prepared in the House, and has
undergone some revision. There is in the eighth
section a provision to meet the case of those not
distinguishing themselves in battle, and it is as
follows:
That nine admirals may be commissioned, who shall be
selected, during war, from those officers upon the active list
not below the grade of commandeis, who shall most emi-
nently distingui-h themselves by courage, skill, and genius
ill their profession.
- It does not require them to have been upon the
field of battle; but I will not detain the Senate.
Mr. II ARRIS. I do not propose to debate this
question, yet I want to suggest that, in my judg-
ment, this is a much fairer and more just propo-
sition than that contained in the bill. As the Jaw
now stands, a naval officer after he has been in
the service forty-five years, I think, is retired; he
must step aside. If it happens, however, that he
has been in a situation where he has had the good
fortune to perform some gallant act, some distin-
guished service, then, if the President recommends
him for a vote of thanks, and he receives it, he
goes back on the active list for ten years longer.
Now, whether or not he has been enabled to per-
form such a service, is perhaps in a majority of
cases a mere chance; ana here you may have two
naval officers of precisely equal merit who have
during a long career performed every duty to the
satisfaction of the Government and the people;
men in the full vigor of manhood, whose natural
force is not abated; one of them happens to geta
vote of thanks, he goes on to the active list for ten
years longer; the other one is not so fortunate,
and he steps aside as superannuated. That is not
fair. The fairtlnng is that proposed by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut: if these men are equally
capable of serving the country, equally vigorous
in their physical constitution, equallyable toper-
form any duty assigned them in theirprofession,
and there are no charges against them, they have
a clean record in the Department, there is no rea-
son in the world why one of them should be con-
tinued in the service, and the other not. The
proposition goes just to that: it is submitted to the
President first, and then to the examination of the
Senate, whether they are thus competent; and if
they are I should like to have the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs say why this broad
discrimination should be made between two such
men. I cannot see it.
The PRESIDENT jiro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to amend the amendment
by striking out " five," after the word " fifty." If
you pass a retiring bill, and then place it in the
power of the President to put everybody back, I
think five years is long enough to saddle him on
the Treasury after he has been retired by law.
Instead of allowing such a man to remain in the
service fifty-five years, I move to make it fifty.
The amendmen t to the amendmen t was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move further to amend the
amendment by inserting the wonls " except for
cause," so as to make it read, " shall not be again
retired except for cause." 1 suppose the Senator
from Connecticut will not object to that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question recurs on the amend-
ment as amended, and on that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning. Claik, Davis, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Harris, Howe, King, McDongali, Morrill,
