1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
had better exempt no property at all, or provide
a complete schedule of exempt articles.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, my amendment pro-
poses a schedule. Those that have a couple of
horses can afford to pay a small tax, and I think
it is only the poor man with one cow who should
be exempt.
Mr. .WALTON, of Maine. I would like to
inquire what the poor man with one cow would
have to pay under this bill ? Does the gentleman
know of anything upon which he would be taxed
under this bill ?
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I do not know.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It would be a very
small tax indeed.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be very small, I know.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I am willing
to accept the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. STEVENS After the words used by
the owner thereof," insert the words " one cow,
arms, or household furniture or apparel necessary
for a family."
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I accept that
modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I move to
amend the section in the fifty-eighth line, by strik-
ing out the word " five" and inserting "one."
Under the bill as it now stands, five per cent, may
be collected on the whole amount of the sale, and
the sale may be of a very much larger amount
than is necessary to pay the tnx. The next sec-
tion provides that the sale may be of a much larger
amount than is necessary to pay the tax where a
part cannot be sold without detracting from the
value of the goods sold. Now, one per cent, upon
the sale will be quite ample. It is desirable to
make the bill as little onerous as possible to the
tax payers, and if you allow five per cent, on the
whole amount of goods sold it holds out an in-
ducement to the tax collector to distrain more than
is necessary in order to increase his per cent. I
hope the amendment will prevail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Ind iana. In consequence of '
the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Blair,] that section now
provides that you shall not distrain one cow—that
it shall not be lawful to make a distraint of tools
m use or of one cow, &c. That makes nonsense.
I move to insert, in lieu of that phraseology, the
words "that there shall be exempt from dis-
traint."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, t move to amend
the twentieth section by striking out, in the nine-
teenth and twentieth lines, the words " or after
the receipt of any other additional lists, from time
to time, as aforesaid."
I offer that amendment hoping that the House
and the Committee of Ways and Means will con-
sent to separate the monthly collections from the
annual collection, and dispense with the tedious
process required to be gone through with in
making the levy, hearing appeals, &c. By the
terms of the act now, thirty days are allowed to
the assessors to make the assessment, fifteen days
are allowed for hearing appeals, ten days aie al- -
lowed for the assessots to make up the lists and
pass them over to the collector, and then the col- ,
lector is allowed ten days to advertise and twenty '
days in which to make Hie collection; and if the i
taxes arc not paid within ten days after the col-
lector has made his demand, he may distiain 
making in ail ninety-five days allowed under the '
provisions of this bill, in which to make these
monthly collections.
I remarked the other day, that as these collec- ,
tions are required to be made on the sworn state- I
ments of the parlies, there is no necessity what- '
ever for an appeal. This provision is antago-
nistic. to the provision in legard to excises. As I
then stated, the forty-sixth section provides, in
regard to excises, that every person distilling
" Shall from da> to day make tiue and exact onfiy, 01
>e to be entered, in .1 book to lie kept In Inm tor that
mpose, 'lie itumhet ot gallons of spirituous liquors di*-
iiuft, vvlucli book^hall ahvavs be open in the <Li\ lime loi
the inspection oi the t-aid collcctor. w ho m iv take unv
minute*, memoiamlums, 01 transcripts theicoL and'shall
render to said coll.-ctoi, on the fl^t dayot each and wrv
month m each year, or within ten days iliereaftci .u'e.i-
cial account m wnTnur, taken from \u> hooks, of the'ieun-
bei ot gallons of spumions Ihjuois dtsUiled lor the month
preceding said day, 01 toi such portion theioot as may have
can
pu
elapsed from the date of said entry and report to the said
day which shall next ensue ; and shall verify or cause to
be verified the said entries, reports, books, and geneial ac-
counts, by oath or affirmation, to be taken befoic the col-
lector 01 some other officer authorized by the laws of the
State to administer the same according to the foini re-
quired by tins act. where the same is prescribed; and shall
also pay to the collector the duties winch by this act ought
to be paid on the spirituous liquors so distilled, and in said
account5* mentioned, at the time of rendeung an account
thereof."
Now, that section is as it should be, and all
these monthly collections ought to be separated
from the yearly one. There is no necessity of
going through the formality of an assessment and
the hearing of appeals in these monthly collec-
tions-, nor is there any necessity of allowing
ninety-five days for the monthly collections. I
hope the Committee of Ways and Means will
themselves see the propriety of amending the bill
in that way, and if we are to do that, wc should
strike out this provision which I now propose to
strike out. If, on the other hand, we are to sub-
ject the monthly collections to all the formality of
an assessment and a hearing of appeals, then the
provision should stand as it now is. I offer the
amendment partly for the purpose of hearing what
the intention of the Committee of Ways and
Means is in regard to that matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So far as con-
cerns the monthly duties, it is now provided that
they shall be paid within the month. This relates
to the general provisions, and 1 hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
twenty-first section by striking out the proviso,
which is as follows:
Provided, That the owner or legal representative of the
propetty aforesaid, aftei the same shall have been adver-
tised fot '••ale, and before it shall have been actually sold,
shall be allowed to pay the amount 0! the duties 01 taxes
theicon, with an addition of five pei cent, on the same, on
the payment oi which the v.ile ot the pioperty shall not take
place. And the collector shall tender a distinct account of
the charges incui red in offeiingand advertising I or sale-.uch
pi opeity, and shall pay into the Tie.isnry the surplus, if any
theie be, of the aforesaid addition of Ine per cent, aftei
defraying the charges.
I make the motion for the purpose of calling the
attention of the Committee of Ways and Means
to the different rule prescribed in this section for
the redemption of property which is levied upon
from that prescribed m the twentieth section,
which we have just passed. In that section it is
provided that at any time before the saie of the
property it may be redeemed by paying the amount
of the tax togethci with the necessary and reason-
able expenses of removing, advertising, and keep-
ing the same. By this section it is provided, not
that the addition to the tax shall be the necessary
expense of icmoving and keeping the property,
but an arbitrary sum, five per cent, on the whole
amount. I do not know what the object of this
difference in the rule may be. Indeed, I see no
necessity at all for this proviso. This section
seems to be intended to provide for a case where
more property of an indivisible character is levied
upon than is necessary to pay the debt.
The other section provides that whatever the
property may be which is levied upon, it shall be
redeemed in a particular manner. I see no neces-
sity for the pioviso m the twenty-third section,
for without that section the property, under the
limitation of the section just passed, would be lia-
ble to redemption on a rule justand proper, to wit:
the amount of tax and the expense incurred by
distress. I, therefore, move to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the owner or icgal lcpre^entative of the
property aforesaid, <iftci the same shall have been adver-
tised for sale, and before it shall have been actually sold,
shall be allowed to pay the amount of duties or" taxes
thereon, with an addition of five per cent, on the *ame,
on the payment of which the sale of the property shall not
take place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My impression
is that the objection made by the gentleman from
Ohio is a proper one. But I would suggest to him
that the latter pai t of the proviso it would be bet-
ter to retain. I mean the following clause:
And the collecto! <?hall render a distmet account of the
chaises mcuned in otli-i in1; and adveiu&mg for sale such
property, and shall pay into theTieasuiy the suiplus, if any
theie be, ot the aforesaid addition ot five per centum.alter
defraying the chaige.;. ' j
Mr. PENDLETON. As I read the section, '
that is not contained in the proviso. If it be, I will i
limit my amendment to striking out all of the pro-
viso down to that point.
The question was taken on Mr. Pendleton's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. I move to amend the twenty-
first section by adding, after the word to," in
the second line, the words " be distrained for," so
thatitwill read, " that in all cases where the prop-
erty liable to be distrained for duties and taxes,"
&c. 1 presume that is the precise meaning of the
sentence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out of the twenty-eighth lino the following
words: "of the aforesaid addition of five per
centum." After sinking out the proviso, this
amendment is necessary to perfect the sentence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to amend in the
twenty-first scction by adding, after the word
that," in the first line, the words, " the duties
and taxes to be assessed in pursuance of this act
shall be a hen on the property, and;" so that it
will read:
Sec. 21. .2nd be it further enacted, That the duties and
taxes to be assessed in pursuance of this act shall he a lien
011 the propei ty, and 111 all cases where the property liable
to duties ot taxes undei this act may not be divisible, so ns
to enable the cojlectui by a «ale of part thcieof to raise the
whole amount ot the ta\, with all ton-*, charges, and com-
missions, the whole of such piopoity shall be sold.
On looking through this bill, I see that the tax
to be assessed is made a specific lien on certain
articles of property proposed to be taxed under
the bill. But the rule, so far as I have examined
the bill, does not seem to bo a genera! one. Now,
as I understand the general policy of our tax laws,
where the tax is specific, either on personalty 01*
real estate, it is ordinarily made a hen 011 the prop-
erty to beassessed. If thisnmendmcnt be adopted,
it will provide for a specific hen in regard to all
the articles taxed under the law. As this is the
first section of the law which provides for a sale
of the property, it seems to me that it is the proper
place to introduce this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would say
that a lien does attach upon the articles taxed
under the hill; but it was not thought impoitant
that it should attach to pianos and articles of
household furniture. However, I see no objection
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WORCESTER. As the bill now stands,
it seems to me that it is made the duty of the col-
lector in all eases to purchase property advertised
for sale when it cannot be sold for the amount of
the tax. It seems to me that that is unnecessary.
I move to strike out the word "shall,'*' in the
eighteenth line, and to insert in lieu of it the
words, " may, at his discretion;5' so that it will
read:
And if the property advertised for sale as afoiesaid ean-
not be sold for the amount of the duty 01 tax due thereon,
with the costs and chatges, the collector may. at his dis-
cretion, puichase the same in behalf of the United States
for the amount at'oiesaid.
It may not be, 111 all cases, the interest of the
United States to have the purchase made by the
collector for the amount of the tax. Ifmyamend-
mcnt be adopted it will leave the matter in the
discretion of the collector.
Mr. BINGHAM. I oppose the amendment,
and I hope it will not be adopted. I have 110idea
ot allowing these collectors to accumulate a very
large amount of the property of citizens, which
is already subject to a lien, and to put it into a
common warehouse and keep it indefinitely. I
trust that the bill will stand as it is in that respect.
If the taxes are not paid, let the property be sold.
It seems to me that such legislation would bring
the law into contempt among the people.
The question was taken on Mr. Worcester's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to know *
from the Committee of Ways and Means whether
it is intended, by this section that the collector
shall bid off this property so distrained at the full
amount of the tax for which it is distrained ? That
is my interpretation of it. Now, it may happen
that the property distrained would not be half
adequate to the payment of the tax, and a man
might let his property go to distraint in order to
get an acquittance for all taxes. If it do not sell
for enough, the collector is to purchase it for the
