i86a ^
m% ^OQN&RiBSIONAL GLOBE.
3195*
Pomeroy, Rice, Stark, Ten EycK, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wilson of Missouri—18.
NAYS—Messrs- Carlile, Cowan, Fessenden, Hale, Har-
lan, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
PoweJ!, Saulsburv, Sherman, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, VVilmot, and Wright—18.
So (he amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. HALE. In order to make the bill perfect,
I wish to propose an amendment in the eighth sec-
tion, to insert after the word " who," in the fourth
line, the words " have heretofore distinguished
themselves, or hereafter;" so that the section will
read:
That nine rear admirals may be commissioned, who shall
be selected, during war,from those officers upon the active
list not helow the grade of commanders, who have hereto-
fore distinguished themselves, or hereafter shall most em-
inently distinguish themselves by courage, skill, and genius
in their profession.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to add at the end of the
twelfth section, the following:
Provided, however, That no greater number of midship-
men shall be appointed by the President at large, under this
or any other law of Congress, than shall be allowed.by the
provisions of this section.
I will state to the Senate that, in the naval ap-
propriation bill there is a clause authorizing the
President of the United States to select and ap-
point ten midshipmen at large. We have put the
same provision into this bill, and allowing him,
also, in addition to those ten, to appoint three to
be selected from the boys who have been recruited
into the service. When the committee of confer-
ence had the naval appropriation bill under con-
sideration, it was the understanding, as it was not
designed to give the President the appointment
of twenty or twenty-three midshipmen, that we
should attach some provision to this bill so as to
let the two laws, if read together, convey an idea
of what was the intention of Congress in that
behalf.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer another amendment, as
an independent section:
- Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to assign clerks and laborers attached to one
bureau to duty in another; and also to detail a surgeon or
passed assistant surgeon, or assistant surgeon, to the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, who shall receive the highest
shore pay of his grade.
A few days ago the two Houses agreed upon a
bill reorganizing the bureaus of the Nayy Depart-
ment; and in that bill they undertook to assign
the clerks and the grades of the clerks to the dif-
ferent bureaus as well as the laborers. By some
misarrangement too many clerks have been added
to one bureau, and some have been taken from
others; and the same is the case with the laborers.
In one instance, a laborer has been taken from an
important bureau and given to another, so that
that bureau has two. This merely authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to detail these clerks from
one bureau and attach them to others, as the pub-
lic interest may require.
The second clause of the amendment applies to
the assistant surgeon, who has heretofore been
connected with the Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery, but whom we inadvertently had ignored in
that bill. I will state, that the Senate may under-
stand exactly how it is, that this proposition is to
give him $400 a year larger salary than he is now
getting, which would make his salary not so much
by $600 as we are giving to the assistant in the
Bureau of Ordnance. He is a very worthy officer,
performing very important duty, and certainly
deserves this slight increase.
Mr. ANTHONY. What officer is it?
Mr. GRIMES. The assistantsurgeon in charge
of the Bureau of Medicine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line nine of section three,
I move to insert the word "of" before the word
"vessels;" so that the clause will read:
Lieutenant commanders may be assigned as first lieuten-
ants of naval stations and of vessels not commanded by
lieutenant commanders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
amendment will be made, if there be no objection.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 393) making
further appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending June 30, 1862.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the bill (S. No. 383)
to define the pay and emoluments of certain offi-
cers of the Army, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. Wo. 562) for the relief of the es-
tate of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton, deceased.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolied bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 102) to amend an act entitled "An
act to divide the State of Illinois into two judicial
districts," approved February 13, 1855;
A bill (S. No. 342) for the establishment of cer-
tain national arsenals; and
A bill (S. No. 352) to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and her Britannic Maj-
esty for the suppression of the African slave trade.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of theUnited States had approved and signed,
on the 5th instant, the following enrolled bills and
joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 260) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian departmeuJ^and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 450) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending 30th of June, 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 297) for the relief of J. W.
Nye;
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of Briga-
dier General Joseph G. Totten; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) relative to a
certain grant of land for railroad purposes, made
to the State of Michigan in 1856.
ADDITIONAL CIVIL EXPENSES.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope gentlemen will in-
dulge me m considering, at this time, a report of
a committee of conference which has just been
agreed to by the House. I send the report to the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be taken
up as a privileged question.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two House* on the bill (H. It. No. 303) making further
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the yearendmg June 30,1863, and additional appiopria-
tions for the year ending June 30, 1862, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, io their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Hou&e lecede trom their disagreement to the
second amendment of the Hcnate, and agree to the same.
That the Ilou^e recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's ninth amendment, and agree to the same, with
an amendment, as follows: stnke out, inline five of said
amendment, the words " twenty-live," and insert " twen-
ty-eight;" and in line seven of said amendment, strike out
" twenty-eight," and insert " thirty."
That the Senate recede from their tenth amendment.
That the Senate iccede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to their eighth amendment, and
agiee to the same, with an amendment, as follows: stake
out all after the word " be," in line five of said amendment,
and insert in lieu thereof the following: 11 $4,000 a year, to
commence on the 1st day of July, 1862."
J. COLLAMER,
DANIEL CLARK,
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
TFIADDEUS STEVENS,
JAMES II. CAMPBELL,
EDWARD IIAIGIIT,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. "WADE. I move now to take up House
bill No. 392 to establish certain post roads, known
as the bridge bill. I do not suppose there will be
anymore debate upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope that
bill will not be taken up at this time. There are
one or two important bills that should be got
through with to-day. Every time this bridge bill
has been brought up, we have had a long debate
over it, and I do".not believe it can be passed now
without further debate. There are two bills that
I think we can pass in fifteen minutes, and it is
very important that they should be acted upon,
and I hope this other matter will lie over to ena-
ble us to dispose of them. I am confident if this
bridge bill is taken up we shall spend three or four
hours upon it and probably not pass it in that
time. It is very important for us to act on one or
two other bills to-day, and 1 hope we will do it.
Mr. WADE. The Senator makes a very ex-
traordinary argument. He says there are two
bills here that can be passed in fifteen minutes,
and yet he is so afraid they cannot pass at all that
he does not want my bill to be taken up, because
it may take three or four hours.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Your bill
has passed the House; these others have not.
Mr. WADE. I suppose there will be no debate
on this bill. I do not propose to debate it any more,
and I understand the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cowan] who has contested this matter with
me, does not wish to say anything more about it.
I believe the Senate are in possession of all the
facts on the subject, and I desire to have a vote
upon it.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this bill will not be taken
up now, and that the Senate will allow the bill to
establish provisional governments to be taken up
and disposed of. That, as the Senate well knows,
was made a special order, and was crowdcd out
before it was completed by taking up the tariff bill.
I am exceedingly desirous to have that bill acted
upon and disposed of now, and therefore hope that
this bill will not be taken up until that one is dis-
posed of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Reports from committees
have not been gone through with this morning.
They were crowdcd out by the resolution in re-
gard to a quorum; and I have one that 1 desire to
make. It is in relation to the trust funds belong-
ing to the Delaware, Kaskaskias, and other Indi-
ans. I desire to report a bill on that subject and
to put the bill on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
receive the report, if there is no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think itis
more necessary to take care of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made. The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall not take up that bill, bat shall take up the bill
(S. No. 384) to amend the act calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel'invasions, approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1795. I think it is important that that
bill should pass this morning and go to the House
of Representatives to-day.
Mr. WADE. I hope my bill will be taken up.
There is no disposition to debate it in any quarter,
and we should have disposed of it by this time if
we had not been interrupted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
lost any quantity of time on it already.
Mr. WADE. We have not lost any more than
its importance demanded. It is quite as important
as many other bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 392) to establish cer-
tain post roads, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Cowan to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads? The amendment of the committee
was, in line ten of section one, after the word
" hundred," to insert " and seventy;" so that the
clause will read:
Provided, That when completed, if constructed without
a draw, it shall leave an unobstructed headway in the chan-
nel ot the river of not less than ninety feet above low w.uer
mark, and such channel or water way shall have an unob-
structed width of not less than two hundred and xevonty
feet between the piers next to said channel or water way.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out" two hundred and seventy,"
and inserting " three hundred." I think that
amendment ought to be agreed to, and 1 think it is
better for all parties that itshould. There is a very
large and respectable delegation now here in the
city alarmed by the prospect of bridges being
erected across the Ohio river. These men arc in the
coal trade on that river, and they are veiy much
