1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
mentand the citizen. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. Worcester's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to strike out, in the
twenty-sixth section, the words " he abscond
and, "and to insert in lieu thereof the word "such;"
so that it will read:
And the said marshal shall, himself, or by his deputy,
immediately proceed to levy and collect the sum which
may remain due, by distress and sale of the goods and chat-
tels, or any personal effects of the delinquent collector; and
furthermore, if such goods, chattels, and effects cannot be
found sufficient to satisfy the said warrant, the said marshal
or his deputy shall and may proceed to levy and collect the
sum which remains due, by distress and sale of the goods
and chattels, or any personal effects, of the surety or sure-
ties of the delinquent collector.
It is of little importance whether the man ab-
sconds or not, if you do not find any goods and
chattels upon which you can assess any tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I move the following amend-
ment to the twenty-seventh section:
in line seven, after the word "court," add the words
" State or Federal within the district of such collector or
deputy collector;" and after the word "jurisdiction,"in
line eight, add " of &ucli hum;" so that itwiJI read :
Sec. "27. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each and every
collector, or Ins deputy, who shall exercise or be guilty of
extortion or oppression, under color of this act, or shall
demand other or greater sums than shall be autlionzed liy
this act, shall be liable to pay a sum not exceeding $3,000,
to be recovered by and for the use of the party injured, with
costs of suit, 111 any couit, Slate or Federal,within tiiedls-
trict of such collector or deputy collector, having compe-
tent jurisdiction of such sum; and each and every col-
lector, or his deputies, shall give receipts for all sums by
them collected and retained in pursuance of this act.
My amendment is moved for the purpose of
carrying out what was intended, I presume, by
the Committee of Ways and Means. It is proper,
I think, to give the State courts jurisdiction in
many instances where the citizen may be op-
pressed. If referred to the United States courts
alone, it would cost as much to go to that court as
the damages would amount to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We cannot im-
pose these duties upon the State courts, and I
hope that the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. MENZ1ES. I think that the gentleman
from Vermont is mistaken. We can authorize
the States to do these things, but we cannot com-
pel them to do them. Tlie State courts do now
execute a great many laws of the United States;
such, for instance, as the naturalization laws.
We may authorize them to do it; but we cannot
compel or enjoin them to do it.
Mr. MORllILL, of Vermont. It would be im-
politic, to say the least of it, to give authority to
the State courts to try these questions. In some
States we may desire to exclude the possibility of
any State having jurisdiction of the subject. It
may be necessary to confine this entirely to the
Federal courts. I hope that the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word; and I
do so for the purpose of saying a word in reply
to my colleague. He will find that our own court
of appeals lias decided that the State courts can-
not exercise such jurisdiction. It was decided
that they were not competent to receive or to ex-
ercise any such jurisdiction. Power was attempted
to be exercised under the internal revenue bill of
1812, and judgment was rendered, but the court
of appeals of Kentucky reversed that judgment,
and decided that the State court had no right to
exercise that juiisdiction.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me that the State courts have the right to ex-
ercise jurisdiction under the language of this sec-
tion. I express the opinion that if a man, under
the color of law, does an act void of itself, the
State courts may have jurisdiction at any time,
though it is under the color of the law of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. MENZIES. I agree with the gentleman
from Massachusetts. As the bill no w stands, I be- !
heve that there is jurisdiction in both Federal and i
State courts. My colleague's amendment only ]
makes the language of the section more explicit.
1 am persuaded if my other colleague [Air. I
Crittenden] will again look at the case to which '
he has referred, he will find that the act of Con- I
grcss did not confer jurisdiction upon the State I
courts, and that that is the ground upon which '
the court of appeals reversed the judgment of the I
lower court. I hold that a State court may carry I
out a Federal law, provided the Federal Congress
gives it permission to do it. But the State courts
cannot be compelled to do it. Nothing is better
in point than the instance I have already referred
to. Our State courts execute the naturalization
law. Even the court of appeals, to which my col-
league referred, carries'that law out.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. Harding's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I move to insert after the word
" or," in the third line of the twenty-seventh sec-
tion the word "willful;" and after the word
" shall," in the same line, the word "knowing-
ly;" so that it will read:
Sec. 27. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each and every
collector, or his deputy, who shall exercise or be guilty of
any extortion or willful oppression, under color of this act,
or shall knowingly demand other or greatei sums than shall
be authorized by this act, shall be liable to pay a sum not
exceeding .$'9,000, to be recovered by and for the use of the
party injured, with costs of suit, ill any court having com-
petent juiisdiction; and each and eveiy collector, or his
deputies, shall give receipts for all sums by them collected
and retained m pursuance of this act.
Mr. Chairman, under this section, as it now is,
it would seem that the collector might be liable
to the severe penalty prescribed for an act of op-
pression done or an excessive demand made inno-
cently through a misunderstanding of some pro-
vision in the act or other misapprehension. The
amendments which I have proposed will obviate
this objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to amend the
twenty-seventh section by striking out " §9,000,"
and inserting in lieu thereof "not exceeding double
the amount of damages accruing to the party in-
jured."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, WICKLIFFE. I move to add to the
twenty-seventh section the words, "and shall be
dismissed from office, and disqualified from hold-
ing such office." I think that it is a proper amend-
ment. The collector ought to be dismissed if he
is found defrauding.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move to strike out the word "double?"
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. To strike out
what has been inserted is in the nature of a mo-
tion to reconsider, and it is not m order to recon-
sider in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think that the provis-
ions of this section would leave the party injured
without any damage. The bill provides that the
assessor shall pay double the amount of the in-
jury the party sustained; but there is no provis-
ion about paying the amount of his damage to the
injured party. 1 move to insert, " the amount of
his damage shall bo paid to him."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In another part
it is provided that the amount shall be recovered
by and for the use of the party injured.
Mr. PENDLETON. { withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend sec-
tion twenty-eight, line five, after the word " de-
stroyed," by inserting the words" without design
or fraudulent intent of such person or persons^"
and in line fourteen, same section, after the word
"destruction," the words "without design or
fraudulent intent as aforesaid;" so that it will
read:
Sec. ''26. Jlnd he it farther unacted, That in case any dis-
tillery or still or any other building used by any person or
persons for any puipose ipquiring a license under the pro-
visions ot this act, and where a license shall have been
gi anted as aioresaid, shall be buint or otherwise destroyed,
without design or fiaudulont intent of such person or per-
sons, so that the same shall not be in actual use for a period
ot six months or longer, during the tune ior which a license
has been granted, the eoltector for the district wherein the
same shall have been situated shall be empowered, and is
heicby directed, to lepay one half of iheduties which mav
have been paid tor the license gianted therefor as would
have accrued foi the time between such burning or destiuc-
tion thereof, and the expiration of the pei mil foi which such
license was giantcd : PioiAded, That previous to such re-
payment, the s.tid burning or destruction, without design or
fraudulent intent as aforesaid, shall be verified by the oath
or affirmation of the owner or supeimtendent of such dis-
tillery or still or other building, as afoiesaid, before ajudge
or justice of the peace, &c.
Mr. Chairman, I move that amendment to per-
fect the section.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that the
amendment is entirely unnecessary.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The following section being under considera-
tion :
Sec. 28. dud be it further enacted, That in case any dis-
tillery or still, or any other building used by any person or
persons for any purpose requiring a license under the pro-
visions of this act. and where a license shall have been
granted as aforesaid, shall be burnt orotherwise destroyed,
so that the same shall not be in actual use for a period ot
six months or Jongor, during the time for which a license
has been giantcd, the colIcctor tor the district wherein the
same shall have been situated shall be empowered, and is
hereby directed, to repay one half of the duties which may
have been paid for the license granted therefor as would
have accrued torthe time between such burning or destruc-
tion thereof and the expiration of the penod for which such
license was granted : Provided, That previous to such re-
payment the said burning or destruction shall he verified
by the oath or affirmation of the owner or e-uperintendent
of s>uch distillery or still, or other building, a« aforesaid, be-
fore ajudge or justice ofthepoace iesidmg within the said
district: Jindprovided, That the said judge or justice bhali
indorse on said certificate his belief of the facts therein set
forth, and that the burning or destruction did not arise from
a fraudulent intent; and in case ot such repayment of one
halfof the duties as aforesaid,the licenac previously giantcd™
foi such distillery 01 other building, as aforesaid," shall be
of no further avail—
Mr. MALLORY said: Unless I am satisfied
that I am wrong m reference to my opinion of this
bill, I shall move to strike out the whole section.
I would inquire of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Mokkill,] whether the same provision ob-
tains in relation to other establishments or facto-
ries that are taxed, and to which licenses are to be
granted according to this bill? If not, I cannot
see why this exemption should be enjoyed by
distilleries alone.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This provision
applies to all buildings—sonic thirty different
kinds—which are required to have licenses under
this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Then 1 will not move to
strike out the section.
Mr. WORCESTER. I move to strike out the
whole section. I see no good reason why the Uni-
ted States should pay back the money they have
received from time to time for these licenses. As
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has
very properly said, this section applies to all
buildings upon which a license may be granted.
It embraces theaters, bowling alleys, groceries,
stores of different kinds, as well as distilleries;
and, as I understand the section, m case any one
of these buildings is burned at any time within
six months after granting the license, the collector
is required to make an investigation of the matter
and to pay back to the owner of the building one
half of the amount that may have been paid for
the license. This, in the case of a grocery liccnse,
which for the term of one year is ten dollars,
would, in case the building is burned at the ex-
piration of six months, be $2 50. The same prin-
ciple is applied to all other licensed buildings. I
see no reason why the Government should hold
to these men who have licenses the character of
insurers. I see no more reason for that than that
they should be insurers of the business which is
carried on in those buildings. I hope, therefore,
the motion to strike out wiil prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Under this bill,
for instance, bankers pay a license of $100, whole-
sale liquor dealers pay a license of fifty dollars,
hotels pay a very much larger sum. Now,sup-
pose within a day, a week, or a month, the build-
ing in which one of these branches of business is
carried on is burned, or otherwise destroyed by
no fault of the owners, it is proposed by this bill
to refund, not the whole amount, but one half. I
take it that the committee will not refuse that jus-
tice to any person who happens to have his build-
ing burned; and thatthcywill be willing to refund
at least one half of the sum now paid. I hope the
motion will not prevail.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the sec-
tion before the motion is put upon stuking out.
I move to strike out the proviso. The section is
somewhat complicated, and I suppose before we
determine whether or not to strike it out, we
ought to understand it; and I think that perhaps
I may not be the only one that does not fully un-
deistand it, 1 understand that this provision does
not apply at all unless the building shall have
been occupied six months after the license. Is
that so? The language is:
1 hat in case any distillery shall bo burned *>o that the
same shall not be in actual use for a period of six months
