2236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
of carrying on this war against the Union. Slaves
are to be freed because they are made to work for
the enemy in the field and the intrenchment and
the camp. Personal estate is to be seized because
with it the army of officers and of officeholders
and of men in the rebel States is paid the price
of treason and sustained in this levying of war.
It is no answer to this argument to say that all
the real estate and all the slaves and all the per-
sonal property are not so used. It is not true, for
from all of it proceeds the great strength of the
enemy. But there is a maxim in the law concern-
ing contraband property, that forcibly and aptly
applies here. Where innocent goods are mixed
with contraband the rale of confiscation applies
to all. If it were true that a portion only of rebel
property, personal or real, were used as means of
war, that guilty portion could not be dissevered
from the rest, and made to pay the penalty. But
it is all guilty, and that by the precise rule which
my colleague has conceded. I accept his rule,
but reject his limitations, as inapplicable to exist-
ing facts.
But our right to legislate is equally well sus-
tained under the l«uv, when we consider this rebel
property not as guilty because used as a means
for carrying on the war, but as enemy property,
and therefore liable to seizure and sale. And here,
too, my colleague clearly concedes the principle
which underlies the right. For he says, this rule
—of lawful prize of war—may extend to the prop-
erty (as limited by him) " of those levying war
against the United States; enemies, not becausc of
their domicil or residence upon one part rather
than another of the territory of the Union, but be-
cause they are in arms against it." It is against
the property of these "enemies" that this legis-
lation operates. They are none the less enemies
because they are traitors, and their property as
enemy property is none the less liable because the
owners of that property may be indicted for trea-
son. It is obvious at once that this principle ap-
plies to property of all descriptions. Whether
our legislation shall embrace all is matter of dis-
cretion. The right is complete. If among the
property of the enemy an institution is found cre-
ating or claiming to create relations between men,
whereby the service and labor of one is appropri-
ated to the uses of the other, and that institution
is as a whole used by the enemy as a means in
aid of the rebellion—as an instrument of warfare
—upon the confessed principle and according to
the laws of war, our right is perfect to overthrow
the institution, and let the enslaved go free. In such
case ample provision should be made to protect
loyal men from injury.
I state this right thus broadly, because, upon
deliberation, I recognize the fact that the stern
logic of the rule carries us to that end. All that
remains would be a question of fact. If such in-
stitution be so used, if it be found a piactical,
tangible, efficient instrument in the hand* of ene-
mies against our Constitution and the life of our
Government, the right to overthrow it stands con-
fessed. The bill reported to this House does not
assume to work out that result. It does not in
terms affect the institution. It affects only the
slaves of rebels in arms. It seeks to deprive them
of this means of strength. It proposes not to
touch the loyal man in property or person. It
is aimed at the enemy, and affects his slaves, all
of whom, in one form or other, are employed in
rebel service, and whose labor gives form and
substance to this rebellion. The argument is here
disclosed, which is the third ground on which we
stand in urging upon the House the passage of
these bills. An enemy may be rightfully deprived
of whatever gives to him power and strength.
We take the life of officer and soldier without a
thought, for it weakens the power of the enemy.
And by the same inexorable law, confessed and
acted on during the mournful history of war, we
seize enemy property and convert it to our use,
as a means whereby to weaken him as well as to
give strength and success to our own arms. The
law knows no distinction in this respect between
kinds of property. And we shall find that no
species of property has been exempt from its op-
eration. As enemy property, whether lands or
goods, the law embraces all. Grotius (book 3,
cap. 6) says:
" A State taking up arms 1ms a right to woakftn her en-
emy, In order to ivnder him incapable of supporting his un-
just violence, a right to deprive him of the means of resist-
ance. Hence, as from this source originate all the rights
which war gives us overthtnsr* belonging to the enemy, we
have aright to deprive him of his possessions of everything
which may augment his strength and enable him to make
war. This every one endeavots to accomplish in the man-
ner most suitable to him whenever we have opportunity;
we seize on the enemy's property, and convert it to our
own use, and thuSjbe&idesdimmisMngtheenemy's power,
we augment our own, and obtain at least a partial indem-
nification or equivalent either for what constitutes? the sub-
ject of the war or for the expenses and losses incurred in its
prosecution; in a word, we do ourselves justice."
In his Summary of the Law of Nations, Pro-
fessor Martens says, (lib. 8, cap. 3, sec. 9:)
" The conqueror has a right to seize on the property of
the enemy, whether movable or immovable. These seiz-
ures may be made, first, in order to obtain what he de-
mands as his due or equivalent; secondly, to defray the
expenses of the war; thiidly, to force the enemy to an equita-
ble peace ; fourthly , to deter him or by reducing his strength
to hinder him from repeating in future the injuries which
have been the cause of the war."
Observe how the enumerated reasons of this
learned jurist spring up as arguments in support
of this legislation at this time. We have a right
to confiscate this property to pay the expenses
of this war; to compel a peace; to subdue the
strength of the enemy, and to disable him from a
repetition of the injury. I challenge gentlemen
who oppose this bill, whether they are in truth
the friends of our Constitution and the foes of
traitors, as my friend and colleague [Mr. Thoma s]
is, and the able and earnest Representative from
New York, [Mr. Diven,] and my friend before
me, the gallant champion of Rhode Island, [Mr.
Sheffield,] and others whom I could wish were
with us, as i know their hearts are with us, beat-
ing responsive to ours in their love for the Con-
stitution,and their hatred of rebellion; or whether
they are in truth the friends of traitors, m heart
sympathizers with rebels, making pretense of love
for the laws, wasting their words against treason,
but giving to it aid and comfort—1 challenge them
all to produce from the authorities of the past—
learned jurists, who have embodied in their works
and illustrated by argument the laws of war as
established among the nations and recognized by
our courts—any rule or maxim or principle at
variance with the doctrines I have cited. It can-
not, I believe, be found. Writers may differ as
to policy, but as to the rights which a just war
waged in defense of a right cause confers no differ-
ing judgment exists. Chancellor Kent says:
"However strong the current of authority in favor of the
modem and milder construction of the law on this subject,,
the point seems to be no longer open for discussion in this
country, and it lias bccome definitively settled m favor of
the ancient and sterner rule by the Supreme Court of the
United States."—Vol. 1, tenth edition, p. 69.
Professor Parsons says:
" It is a common opinion that civilization has so far mit-
igated war that it is no longer one of the laws of war to
seize, u&c, or destroy private property. This is a mistake,
according to all the authorities on the law of nations. It is
undoubtedly tiue, however, that the modern usages and pro-
prieties of war—and there arc such things—would justify
the exercise of this rightonly on the ground of military ne-
cessity."
It would be difficult to find, cither in the legis-
lation of this traitor confederacy or in the conduct
in the field of the officer or soldier, any such ob-
servance of the modern usages or proprieties of
war, as call upon us for hesitation in using the
powers conferred by the laws of war to crush out
this rebellion.
It was held by Yattel that the property of in-
dividuals in the aggregate is to be considered,
with respect to other States, as the property of
the nation itself. A nation being regarded by for-
eign nations as constituting only one whole, one
single person, all their wealth together can only
be considered as the wealth of the same person.
If one nation has a right to any part of the prop- !
erty of another, she has an indiscriminate right j
to the property of the citizens of the latter nation
until the debt is paid. It is upon this principle
that the law rests as recognized and established
by our own Supreme Court that enemy property
may, by force of the legislation of Congress, be
lawfully seized and sold.
It will be observed that I have discussed the
rights conferred by the laws of war to seize and
use enemy property. In the exercise of that
right, confessed to exist, modern civilization has
respected the private property of the citizen whose
only offense was that he wasasubjectof thehns-
tile Government. Every subject of such hostile
Government is, in the regard of law, an enemy;
buteivilization and its humanizing influences have
made prominent the truth that although in theory
an enemy, yet in fact the subject, not himself in
arms, was only so as owing allegiance to his Gov-
ernment. For manifest reasons of justice and of
policy, the right to seize and sell his property has
been, and should be, waived; not surrendered,
but yet not exercised. This is true concerning
property on land more usually than on the seas,
and upon grounds which jurists clearly state.
Chancellor Kent thus states the limitations
which the usages of modern warfare have im-
posed. He says:
" Earlier writers have considered a state of war as a dis-
solution of all moral ties, and a license for every kind of
disorder and intemperate fierceness. An enemy was re-
garded as a criminal and an outlaw, who had forfeited all
his rights, and whose life, liberty, and pioperty lay at the
mercy of the conqueror. He might be destroyed, though
unarmed and defenseless. Fraud might-be employed as well
as force, and forcc without any iegard to the means. But
these barbarous rights of war have been questioned and
ciiecked in the progress of civilization. J'ublic opinion, as
it becomes enlightened and refined, condemns all ciuelty
and all wanton destruction of life and property as equally
useless and injurious, and it controls the violence of war
by the energy and severity of its reproaches."
Chancellor Kent is speaking of lawful war be-
tween two sovereigns, and his opinions are de-
rived from earlier j urists, and sanctioned by others
of high authority.
But the analogy of the reason exempting such
property from seizure is only seen, and the reason
itself can only apply, when we consider this civil
war, unnatural in Us character and without prece-
dent in its atrocity, as a war in some sense lawful
and carried on by a confederate government. No
one for a moment will assume that ground. Yet
it is plain that unless in some measure the private
citizen owes some allegiance to what is falsely
called a Government, he is not, if he be in arms
against the Union or aiding or abetting this rebel-
lion, to be deemed, in this respect, a citizen, but
a rebel enemy against whom the laws of war ap-
ply, but in whose behalf their rightful exemptions
and gentler practices may not be claimed. If he
be not a rebel enemy in arms, or aiding and will-
fully abetting those that arc, this legislation can
not affect him.
Who is the private citizen in these rebel States
whose property should be exempt from seizure
under the confessed right which the laws of war
confer upon the conquering power because of the
softened rule which in warfare among Christian
nations hasinmoderntimes prevailed. Heisnotto
be found in either of the classes of men, or among
any of the persons named in the first two sections
of this confiscation bill, or among the men named
in the bill to free from servitude the slaves. The
Erivate citizen whose property should be respected
ere, is the loyal man wherever found, in which-
ever of the rebel States he may residey who, if he
dare not openly avow his allegiance to his Gov-
ernment, is waiting with anxious heart for the
time to come when he shall see the old flag float-
ing again in the free breeze, its standard firmly
fixed upon the capitol of his State, and his State
reformed, reconstructed, and redeemed. May the
God of our fathers strengthen his heartand uphold
his arm until that protection can be afforded him
which his loyalty demands.
No, sir; such " loyal subject of the United
States, wherever on the soil of his country he may
have his home, is not the enemy of his country;"
and in the language of my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Thomas,] "if there be to-day in Tennessee,
or Georgia, orSouth Carolina even, aloyal subject
of the United States, * faithful among the faithless
found,' the Government is not at war with him."
Nor does this legislation affect him, except that it
seeks to strengthen the power of the Government
which he venerates, and to subjugate and subdue
that false confederacy which now crushes to the
earth him and those he loves. Sir, those loyal men
expect and demand that we should use the power
which the laws confer upon us to subdue, as
quickly and as completely as we may, these rebel
States. But when gentlemen use this language of
"private citizen," or "southern brother," or
"deluded friend," or any gentle epithet, to the
official or the blood-thirsty and willful enemy, who
has whetted his knife and bared his arm for the
slaughter of the loyal man and for the life of his
Government, I concede to them a more remarka-
able charity than I can recognize as consistent
now with patriotic action.
Mr. Speaker, I have yet, in the order of my ar-
