3196
THE OONGffilSSrcWAL GLOBE.
July %
opposed to even three hundred feet; but as I agreed
tothat some days ago and moved that amendment,
I feel bound still to vote for it. I am very free to
say, however, that it will be a restriction that I have
no doubt will be very cumbersome upon the trade
of that river, and that any less than that would
be to some extent ruinous. I have every reason
to believe, too, that that would be satisfactory to
the railroad. I am not at liberty to state what in-
formation I have received privately; but I have
no doubt of the feasibility of building a bridge
with a span of three hundred feet—not a particle;
and I have no doubt that would secure the bridge,
and perhaps secure it satisfactorily. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment will bo adopted. It at least
saves the river, and the river is thc.primary object
to be saved. I had hoped that by this time all
would have agreed to that proposition.
Mr. WADE. I said I would not argue this
question, and I shall not. I should be perfectly
willing to agree to thatamendment if I supposed
the bridge could be made safe with such a span as
that; but the engineers made the committee be-
lieve that it could not safely be done. This bill was
recommitted to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to have evidence taken and to re-
port over again to the Senate; and two hundred
and seventy feet was the extreme that was sup-
posed to be safe. I could not, therefore, give it
up, because 1 suppose this amendment would de-
stroy the bridge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. COWAN. On that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Before the vote is taken
I should like to ask the Senator from Ohio aques-
tion. If my memory serves me right, I understood
him to say that a bridge was commenced, and that
it could not be made with this three hundred feet
span. Did I understand him correctly?
Mr. COLLAMER. I will answer the gentle-
man about that point. There has been no such
progress made in this bridge as to prevent it. The
reason that it could not be made at three hundred
feet is, that that is too long a span for a bridge to be
made anywhere of wood. A bridge cannot be made
of wood safely with that length of span. Other-
wise, there has been nothing done with the bridge
to prevent it being done.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEArt—Messrs. Browning, Cowan, Davis, Doollttle,
Foot, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Iluwo, Kmc, Lam; of fn-
dinmi, Morrill, Powell, Simmons, 'IVn Kyek, Wilkinson.
Wilirmt, Wilson ofMatfsachuaetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wri«ht~20.
NAY8—Anthony, (/'handler, Clnrk, Collamer,
FoMor, Harlan, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, McDougail,
Pommy, Rice, Kautebtiry, Sherman, Stark, Sumner,
Wade, ami Willcy—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. Gf RIMES. I move to strike out the whole
of the bill after the first two sections. The first
two sections, as I understand it, apply solely to
the bridge at Steubenville. Then the remaining
sectiontTof the bill authorize any railroad compa-
nies that arc now organized, or may hereafter be
organized 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the question now is on agreeing to the
amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, sir, 1 will go on and state
what I was goine; to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to offijr an amend-
ment that will obviate the Senator's objection.
Mr. GRIMES. If any amendment is to be
made in that respect I will' give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate has
just agreed to an amendment to an amendment
reported from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads fixing the width of the bridge.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the original bill it was
two hundred feet deep; the amendment of the com-
mittee was to make it two hundred and seventy
feet; and the amendment to the amendment was
to make it three hundred feet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands it. The question now is on agreeing
to the amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] proposed an amendment the
other day, and I suggested to him that it was an
amendment to the bill and not to th© amendment
which was then under consideration. • If we now
adopt the amendment as amended, it will super-
sede his amendment, but he may move his amend-
ment to the bill before this amendment as amended
is adopted. I mention it now that there may be
no misunderstanding about it. If the gentleman
chooses to insist on his amendment, I take it he
must make it now, before this amendment as
amended is made part of the bill, because after
that his amendment would be out of order.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to offer an amend-
ment which obviates the objection of the Senator
from Kentucky, and I will offer it now if it be in
order. I move to insert in the third section, after
the words "Ohio river," in the fourth line, the
words, " above the Big Sandy;" so that this will
apply only to the Ohio river above the Big Sandy.
Mr. COLLAMER. Where is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Above the boundary line
between Virginia and Kentucky. It will then ap-
ply only to the three roads now being constructed,
and obviate the objection of the Senator from ICen-
tucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are vari-
ous otheramendments reported from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and if it is
agreeable to the Senate, the Chair will pursue the
ordinary course of considering the amendments of
the committee first.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; I have no objec-
tion to that.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thenextamend-
ment of the committee will bo read.
The next amendment was in section one, after
line eleven, to insert the words "and one of the
spans next adjoining thereto shall not be less than
two hundred and twenty feet in length."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen of
section one, after the word " same," to insert the
word " to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline fourteen ofsec-
tion one, after the word " constructed," to strike
out the words "as provided in the fourth section
of this act, as to the elevation of draw and width
of channel, said draw shall remain open except
as in said section provided;" and to insert in lieu
thereof" under the limitations and conditions pro-
vided in the fourth section of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two of section
two, to strike out the word "is," and to insert,
"and Holliday's Cove railroad are;" so that it
will read, " that the said bridge and Holliday's
Cove railroad are hereby declared a public high-
way, anji established a post road," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
eight, to strike out the Yjord" have, "and to insert
"complete;" and in line nine, before the word
" bridge," to insert the words " road and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
eleven, after the word " notwithstanding, "to strike
out the following words:
And tlic officers and crews of alt vessels and boats nav-
ignting ^asd river aro requiicd to regulate tho use of their
said vessels and boats, and of any pipes or chimneys be-
longing thereto, to as not to interfere with the elevation,
construction, and u&e of said bridge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, to strike out all of the section after
the word " river," in tho ninth line, in the fol-
lowing words:
Nors-hall the pieis of the same be of less di&tance apart
than two hundred lept: Jlnd. provided also, That if any
bridge budt under the provisions of this act shall be con-
structed as a drawbridge, the same may be constructed with
piers not less than two hundred feet apart, except that at
the interval designated for the draw the space of clear
water way may be leduced to, but shall not be iess than,
one bundled feet on each side of the pivot or centtai pier
of the draw; and that said draw shall he located immedi-
ately over the channel of the said river as understood at
the time of the erection of the bridge: Jlnd provided also,
That both spans of said draw shall at all times remain open
for the passage of boats, except when required to be closed
for the passage of engines ot trains, and for ten minutes
preceding the time any such engines or trains may be due.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Nor in any case Jess titan forty feet above extreme high
water, as understood at the point of loeation, measuring ,
for such elevation to the bottom chord ot the budge; nor
shall the span of such bridge, covering the main channel
of the river, be iess than two hundred and seventy feet in
length— ;
Mr. COLLAMER. Before proceeding further
with the reading, in accordance with the recent
vote of the Senate that should be made three hun-
dred feet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator make a motion to amend ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to amend the amendment by striking out " two
hundred and seventy," and inserting " three
hundred," to make it correspond with the other
amendment which has been adopted.
The amendment to the amendmen t was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the mat-
ter proposed to be inserted, as follows :
With also one of the next adjoining spans of not less than
two hundred and twenty feet in length, and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the river, as near
as practicable: Jind jtrovidei also, That if any bridge built
under this act shall be constructed as a drawbridge, the
same slnill be constructed with a span over the main chan-
nel of the river, as understood at the time of the crectionof
the biidge, of not less than two hundred and seventy teet
in length-
Mr. COLLAMER. That should be changed
to three hundred feet also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The Secretary continued the reading of the mat-
ter proposed to be inserted, as follows:
And said span shall not be loss than seventy feet above low
water mark, measuring to the bottom chord of the bridge,
and one of the next adjoining spans shall not be less than
two hundred and twenty feet in length ; and also, that there
shall he a pivot draw constructed 111 every such bridge, at
an accessible and navigable point, with spans of not less
than one hundred feet in length, on each side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw: Jlnd provided also, That said
draw shall always bo opened promptly, upon reasonable
signal, for the passage of boats whose construction may not,
at the time, admit of their passing under the permanent
spans of said bridge, except that said draw shall not be re-
quired to he opened when engines or trains are passing over
said bridge, or when passenger trains are due, but in no case
shall unnecessary delay occur in the opening of said draw
after the passage of such engines or trains.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of tho committee was to
add at the end of the fifth section the following:
And the officers and crews of all vessels, boats, or rafts
navigating the said Ohio river are required to regulate the
use of the said vessels and of any pipes or chimneys belong-
ing thereto, so as not to interfere with the elevation, con-
struction, or use of any of the bridges erected or legalized
under the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported from tho committee are now dis-
posed of.
Mr.SHERMAN. I move to insert in the fourth
line of the third section, after the words "Ohio
river," the words "above the mouth of the Big
Sandy river," so that it will read:
That it shall be lawful for any other lailroad company or
companies, whose line or lines of load may now or shall
hereafter be built to the Ohio river, above the mouth of the
Big Sandy river, in accordance wnh the teimsof the char-
ter orchaiteis of such company or companies, to bntlrl a
bridge across said river for the more perfect connection of
any such roads and for the passage of trains thereof, under
the limitations and conditions hereafter provided.
I am perfectly willing to have the terms of this
bill apply to the whole of the Ohio river to its
mouth; but other Senators seem to object to it,
and I offer this in order to satisfy them, especially
the Senators from Kentucky, who think that in cer-
tain parts ofthe river it might be necessary to have
a different kind of bridge. This will accomplish
the purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee ofthe Whole, and the question will be
taken on all the amendments together, unless some
Senator desires a separate vote on an amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. We desire a separate vote
upon those amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All of them ?
Mr. CARLILE. The principal amendment is
the one increasing the width of the bridge between
the spans from two hundred and seventy to three
hundred feet.
