1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
do not use the other executive offices, including the
Army and the Navy, for private purposes: how
comes it, then, that the Post Office is an exception ?
The reason is this: any private use of the former
would be inconsistent with the objects for which
they were instituted, and destructive of their effi-
ciency; but the Post Office can well transport the
mail matter of private persons'at the same time as
thatoftheGovernment.withoutinjuryorinconven-
ience to the public sei vice, and, by exacting suffi-
cient postage, without cost to the publicTreasury.
Certainly, the nature of the matter transmitted
may afford some reason why its transportation
should be under the supervision of Government,
and by machinery provided by it. Every postal
system from the beginning has been established
chiefly, if nor solely,for the communication of in-
telligence. Under our own system, nothing else
is " mailable matter." But this intelligence is in
the form of written or printed packets, and to-day
both letters and newspapers are transmitted, along
with every other conceivable subject of transpor-
tation, by private express companies, with "due
celerity, certainty, and security," from one end
of the Union to the other.
Another reason, perhaps, why the power to
establish post offices and post roads was commit-
ted to the Federal Government was the necessity
and importance of preventing vexatious restric-
tions and annoyances in the transmission of intel-
ligence from one State to another. This has even
been an evil causing no small mischief in the Ger-
man Confederation. But it must be remembered
that the same difficulty would equally exist in the
transportation of goods, and of every other article
usually intrusted to common carriers; and that
in practice no sort of inconvenience or vexation
is experienced in the tiansmission of intelligence
by telegraph , or the transportation of any article
upon the railroad, by express or otherwise,from
one State through another, to the remotest section
of the United States.
Your committee, therefore, are of opinion that,
whereas the transmission of Government dis-
patches and intelligence was the primary object
of the establishmentof the post office system, so,
also, it is still, and much more now than at first,
the chief reason which justifies its continuance;
and that whenever it ceases to be a Department
of State, to be used in the exercise and execution
of some legitimate and necessary function and
power of republican government, it ought to be
abolished.
Certainly the State might employ special mes-
sengers to bear all its dispatches and public in-
telligence at home, as it now docs on important
occasions, or to countries with which it has no
postal arrangements abroad; and these messen-
gers would be paid out of the Treasury; but the
expense would, in that case, be an intolerable
burden. Or the Government might, except in
regard to matters of too great or delicate concern,
intrust its communications, if it were wise or
economical so to do, to private carriers or express
companies, just as it now does to the telegiaph,
the use of which, for public purposes, is every
day augmenting. But here, again, the expense
would be defrayed out of the public funds. No
one, in either case, would ask that the several
officers transmitting the dispatches or intelligence
should be required to pay the expense out of their
own means. Why, then, when the Government
has organized a permanent establishment for its
own service, but which, for general convenience
and greater security and speed, private citizens
are allowed to employ also for their own individ-
ual purposes, shall it be required to pay for the
transmission of its own intelligence by means of
its own agencies and machinery? And yet, alter
all, here is a mere dispute about words, or rather
about the mode of payment. Rejecting the pi exp-
osition that the private citizen shall be taxed a
higher rate of postage in order to defray the ex-
pense of the transportation of Government mail
matter, the real question is, whether the State
shall pay directly the excess of the expenditures
of the Post Office Department over the receipts at
fair ratea of hofli piivcUe persons using
it, or shall pay just the same amount in the shape
of postage at such lates as will make up the de-
ficiency; in other words, shall the Government
keep a postage account, and pay it out oMhe
o-.Mieral Tieasmy, or shall it transmit iis ohioial
dispatches and communications free, and pay upon
another form of account the increased expendi-
tures of the Post Office Department incurred by
reason of such free mail matter?
In this point of view your committee deem the
controversy of but small moment, and to be de-
termined as a question solely of convenience and
economy; and they are clearly of opinion that
upon the score of both economy and convenience
the latter mode is far preferable. This is the ques-
tion, unless it be insisted that the officers or agents
of the State shall pay out of their own salaries or
private fortunes, if any they may have, the post-
age accounts of their respective offices. But if out
of their salaries, then the payment is at last, though
meanly and circuitously, out of the public Treas-
ury, and a general increase of salaries would be
the final and inevitable result, since the amount so
put into the Treasury, assuming the estimate of the
Post Office Department of$l>860,000 to be correct,
if assessed upon officials,executive ana legislative,
who now enjoy the " franking privilege," would
essentially diminish the compensation which they
now severally receive. If the payment is to be
made out of their own private means, then it is
an infraction of the piinciples of republican gov-
ernment, the imposition of an unjust tax upon
public servants, and an exaction without exam-
ple in any other instance of governmental admin-
istration. No less reasonably might the officers
of the Navy, or the judiciary, or the Treasury, be
required also to provide from their own fortunes
ships and equipments, or court-houses and cus-
tom-houses for the use of the Government. And
why, upon the same principle, should not the
officers of the Army be compelled to pay, in the
the same manner, for the cost of the transporta-
tion of troops and munitions of war from one post
to another? The true rule your committee under-
stand to be this: every expense of a public nature,
necessary to the faithful and efficient discharge
of public duty, the Government ought to pay out
of the common Treasury, because the expenditure
is for the common good. Unquestionably the
communication of orders and other public intelli-
gence from one officer to another, whether a su-
perior or subordinate, is not only a part but a
most important pait of official duty, and which,
indeed, especially in a country so vast in geo-
graphical extent as ours, is indispensable to the
existence of the Government itself. This would
seem to be too clear for argument.
Although the bill referred to your committee
provides for the prohibition of all free matter, as
well executive as congressional, and as it stands
now would require all postage on Government
communications to be paid by officials out of their
own means, your committee are slow to believe
that such an act of injustice and folly was seri-
ously intended. They assume that the purpose
of the friends of the measure is to abolish con-
gressional franks altogether, and to J.)Ely official
or executive postage, as in England, out of the
public Treasury. To pay for congressional free
matter in the same way would be simply a pro-
posed leform, and not an abolition of the privilege.
And if both be placed upon the same footing noth-
ing would be gamed to the common Tieasury, and
only the mode of paying the general expenses of the
postal system wouldbechanged. OncDepartmcnt
of Government would buy postage stamps from
an other Department of Government which had al-
ready appropriated for the former the very money
i with which these stamps had been purchased, and
'■ thus the old fable be realized of the two lads who,
shut up in a daik room, amassed a fortune each by
exchanginggarments. 11is only by requiring all
private persons and officials who use the postoffice
to pay alike out of their own means the usual and
necessary postage rates that any thing is to be really
saved to the Treasury. And this rule, your com-
mittee understand, is to be applied only to mem-
bers of the legislative department, while the post-
age of the executive, though the moie costly of
the two, is to be defrayed out of the general fund.
Congress, with marvelous excess of patriotism,
is to enact a self-denying ordinance not applicable
in its burdens to any but its own members.
Assuming, then, that the abolition of franks is
to be limited really to congressional communica-
tions or intelligence, while all othei Government
mail matter is to be earned free, or have the post-
t:<n; unon it paid out of the public Treasury, your
committee pioeeed tu consider whether, in the
nature of our system of government, or in any
peculiar or accidental circumstances, there exists
any reason why a discrimination should in this
respect be made against the legislative department
and its members, and in favor of the executive
and its officials.
In a majority of countries where postal systems
exist, there is no legislature at all; in others, it is
but a shadow; in some, merely an office'Wherein
to register the decrees of royalty. If in any such
thenght to transmit through the king's mails any
matter free is conceded to the semblance of the
legislature, it is strictly a privilege, or possibly a
sort of badge of office or distinction. It is a mat-
ter of grace, like the license to kill deer in the
royal forests—" blowing a horn, if the foresterbe
1 absent, so that the king's venison may not seem
to be taken by stealth." In all such States there
is little need for sympathy or communication be-
tween the representative and the constituent, since
elections insomearebut mereforms,and in others
the executive is thereal,andsometimes,in whole
or in part, the formal constituent of the legisla-
ture. In but one country besides our own has the
legislative department any real and substantial
portion of the power of the Government, and oven
there the post office system grew up under the'
auspices of royalty, and at a period when Parlia-
ments were but the registers of the king's good
will and pleasure. Postal couriers were employed
by King John to convey Government dispatches
as early as the thirteenth century, and between
that period and the reign of James I, when the
first postmaster general, having charge of as well '
private as public correspondence, was appointed,
nothing probably but official letters and packets
was transmitted by the king's post. From the
beginning down to the time of the Long Parlia-
ment tho entire system was under the control of
the executive, as a part of the royal prerogative,
and posts were established by proclamation.
When in the time of Cromwell both King and
Lords were abolished, and all power consolidated
at first in tho House of Commons, the post office
passed also under their control; and they suc-
ceeded, of course, to the rights and privileges of
the executive, and used the mails for the con-
veyance of their own dispatches and intelligence.
Blackstone dates the first legislative establishment
and regulation of the post office from this period.
At the restoration,ill 1G60, the system, though then
and ever afterwards subject to control by act of
Parliament instead of royal proclamation, passed
again in its administration into the hands of the
king. Pending a bill in the same year fur the
organization of the post office, the Commons,(t be-
cause that the letters of as well the king's coun-
cil of state as his own and other executive officers
passed free through the mails," added a proviso
that their letters also should be entitled to the same
privilege. The Lords threw out the proviso, and
tho Commons consented to drop it upon aprh'ate
assurance from the Crown that the exemption
should be allowed to the members; and accord-
ingly a warrant was ever afterwards regularly
issued from the king to the postmaster genoial,
directing the allowance to members of Parliament
office letters to the extent of two ounces. This
was the origin of the " franking privilege," for
privilege it then really was, granted of royal grace,
; and so it continued for a century, when, ill 1764,
i it was for the first time confirmed and regulated
i by act of Parliament.
! Why, your committee ask, shall the executive
' dispatches and correspondence pass free through
the malls or be paid for out of the common treas-
ury? The reason is twofold: First, because tlioy
are official communications passing between su-
periois and subordinates, between principals and
agents upon public business. It is fit. tlviefoiis
that the public should pay the expense. Second,
the people have a right to know what the execu-
tive department is doing, and whether their pub-
lic servants are fully and faithfully discharging
their public duties, to the end that they may be
heldlo a due responsibility. And it is fit again
that the people, and not their servants, should
pay the expense. Do not both these considera-
tions apply equally to congressional or legislative
communications? The Status anil the people aie
the constituents; members of Congress are their
Representatives; the States ami the people are
i principals; we their neents. They are superiors;
| we subordinates. Plow shall responsibility be
I enforced without knowledge, on the partot the
